Rosie
Tuesday - Pork stir-fry with CSA pea shoots and lemongrass
I have a few close friends, all different, and each relationship different. But one person in my life is my "everything is going to be OK" person. I don't even think she knows that she is *this* for me. But when I go to her with something I need to talk about, she will always makes me feel like "everything is going to be OK". I am a very positive person, and I know (from my mother) that everything will work out exactly as it is supposed to be. But sometimes it is just nice to feel it from the outside as well as the inside. The way this friend touches my hair, bring me comfort (maybe because that is how my mother used to comfort me). She doesn't even know she is doing it. But if she walks by me and just touches my hair it brings back so many wonderful feelings, just a real feeling of comfort in the moment. She is my "everything is going to be OK" person. And I am so grateful she is in my life! The Universe will provide!
Got some awesome positive comments at work. Then, I went home and ran five miles as a makeup for my craptastic run the other day. And, I ran the hilliest route I could find (not on purpose). My legs were toast (and still feel dead today), but I felt so great about myself afterwards.
Purple Drank
I’m telling you this bible story because it runs parallel with the last several episodes of Lost. MIB is Lucifer, the angel cast out of Heaven into the pits of Hell. (The island) He recruits an army of followers to overthrow the temple, (Heaven) leaving all others dead. He promises candidates what they so most desire to gain their allegiance. He even mocks Jacob, (Jesus) claiming what he does is a waste of time. And why does MIB (Lucifer) do all this? To get off the island.
Good Morning Everyone,
I'm so sorry for being so remiss in my postings. To tell the truth, I haven't been very productive these past few days at home in the 'burbs of Philly. Just a lot of meeting up with old friends, enjoying delicious homemade Chinese cuisine, and watching tons of movies. Is your winter break ever any different?
Being 5 years old and swinging with my new friend on the swing’s during recess in Kindergarten (by the way… this person also happens to be Firewife!!!). Yep… we have known each other for that long!
So I showed her the back of the box that all of her $389 worth of grad goodies came in and asked her to read me this sentence....
"If they decide not to do so, that does not deprive you of your right to come back to court."
He pointed out that Jesus’ disciples, shortly after they came back from their first preaching and healing tour, behaved in ways that showed great immaturity. They argued about who was the greatest among them. They tried to keep a man from driving out demons in Jesus’ name, because he wasn’t part of their group. They wanted to call fire out of heaven to consume a town that didn’t welcome Jesus.
As you may have noticed the backgrounds that were hosted on Photobucket are no longer showing up (just as I warned last week and HERE is the post about it). If you have gotten the new code, but you still have the Photobucket image on your blog saying that your background has been deleted then you still have the old code on your blog. Please make sure to remove that old code or it will STILL NOT WORK. :)
It’s been quite a while since I warmed up the old time machine in the garden shed for a quick trip around the world. High time, therefore, to power up the motors, check the dials, make sure that all the screws and bolts are secure and take a look at the way things were. After all, any machine will rust up if it’s not
from a broken heart
If it were up to me
Sorry Sarada, Sorry Lakshmi, Sorry Uma! I did not know how to take care of you.
Wide
For Cool World, however, they seem to have studied the stream-of-consciousness school of screenwriting headed by Quentin Tarantino, only without the self-referential humor or great music. The story jumps from plot line to plot line so many times it's hard to keep track, and we get a multitude of characters that are introduced, dropped, reintroduced, tossed away, glanced at, totally forgotten or fleetingly rushed past the camera. It's almost like Victor and Grais were given all of these characters they had to write into a 102-minute movie, whether they got dialogue, lengthy screen time, the slightest bit of importance or not.
Isn't it ironic, nearly fifty years after George Romney, the liberal Republican governor of Michigan, led the walkout of Republicans using Saul Alinsky tactics at the 1964 Republican convention ensuring the divide in the GOP that led to Barry Goldwater's defeat, the Republican establishment will soon beg Ron Paul supporters, the same people they alienated to come together and vote for Mitt Romney. The Romney family never backed Goldwater. George Romney led many within his party to oppose Goldwater and at campaign appearances about whether he supported Goldwater, he replied, "You know darn well I'm not!"
1) The theft of N310 billion by NNPC on kerosene subsidy in spite of an official policy against paying subsidy on the product.
I’ll say this from the outset – I enjoyed it. The scrambling battles against the colossi were some of the most spectacular boss fights I’ve ever had the joy to play and the game’s eerie emptiness gave the world a palpable and disquieting atmosphere.
It was a beautiful springlike day out at Lake Merced. The area was experiencing summerlike weather. It was reported that the temperatures reached nearly 80 degrees during the afternoon. This past Saturday, the 26th Ruth Anderson Ultras were about to take part. It had been a little over 18 months since my last ultra at the PAU Tagaytay to Nasugbu 50K in the Philippines. That was my first experience in a completed ultra and an experience not forgotten! Now, it would be my first one in the United States and in the city I’ve lived in for most of my life.
In the supernatural world, it's about strategy, wits, and the will to win. But on Earth, it's an action and adventure story featuring a psychopathic dictator threatening the United States, and the boy who will grow up to stop him from taking over the world. It might seem impossible, but history is being determined before it actually happens.
But I do have 3 layouts that I am very proud of and some very good news :)
They stirred and added ingredients. Then they lost interest. My son took the puppy to the dog park and my daughter drew pictures. I decided to get ready for Tablescape Thursday on Between Naps on the Porch.
To be honest, I actually hated all of my hostel experiences. But I was a lot more withdrawn and self-conscious back when I did my hostel stays in college, and I think my greatest anxieties came from simply fearing that people were watching me and judging me, when really no one gave a flip. I do make more efforts now to reach out to people, learn about them and connect with them, even briefly, but I have to admit I'm a creature of comfort and I value privacy and quiet time a lot -- if I go a day or two without a silent, private moment to myself, I start to feel mentally exhausted. So I don't need a luxury hotel by any stretch, but a private room is very important to me. And plumbing. I think I would stay in a hostel again, and have more fun this time now that I'm much more relaxed and confident than I was at 19, but I would definitely need a room of my own.
Place the biscuits on a baking sheet lined with parchment, and brush the tops with the melted butter. Bake for about 17 minutes or until lightly golden.
That afternoon Miss 10 and myself sat down and stitched our very own little red breasted bird. He was so much fun to sew. Quick and easy too! He was finished within a few short hours.
99ANGER formed by Hyun Lee on Jeju Island 1997.
Since the Sk sugar florist paste was something new (I have been using Wilton's gum paste , I wanted to try it out REALLY bad! (I just like playing with all types of 'sugar pastes' I can find around me and figuring out which one suits me best!)
And in this marriage of our hearts
“The governments of the present day have to deal not merely with other governments, with emperors, kings and ministers, but also with the secret societies which have everywhere their unscrupulous agents, and can at the last moment upset all the governments’ plans.” – British Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli, 1876
Wales could be much more effectively marketed for trade and inward investment overseas. The Welsh Government currently has no dedicated trade promotion agency. As a result, the international recognition of Wales has suffered and investment opportunities have been missed. The Welsh Government must market Wales on the international stage more vigorously and must develop a clear identity that can be promoted to overseas markets, making the best use of the advantages that UKTI has in terms of resources and networks.
God is not waiting for us to get cleaned up, to overcome, to fix it all up, to climb and clamber to success. He isn’t put off by our faces smudged with dirt, our hands caked with mud, our fingernails lined with soil from trying to claw our way out of the pit we’re in.
_____Not everything I post on this page is a joke..some things are serious...for instance...when I say your mom is a whore!! (funny whore quote status)
I got two sets for each vehicle. I love them!
Flowers--I pluck a few each week and put in a bud vase on my desk
Before I get too far into this, I should point out that the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission enforces the laws passed by the State Legislature.
The film is about British children who have been sent to the country during World War II when London is being bombed. In this big country house where they are staying one of the children discovers this closet and goes inside. I am not sure what being in the closet is a metaphor for (I am very new at this Christian allegory stuff) but I do know it awakened in me feelings of being safe and secure.
Me: "Do you want the last hot dog?"
Hi guys! So. Confession- I have some books that I read, and I let too much time pass before writing anything down. Now, they are super fuzy. So this post is going to cover 2 books. VERY QUICKLY. like- super tiny mini reviews. Like George Straight's Check Yes or No style! Ok? Good. :)
But think of the implications for your enterprise. We talked about creating evangelists in the series that starts with Identifying Social Media Evangelists. The new Open Graph process makes every user a potential evangelist, as their friends can discover information about their interests, leading to an interest in your site.
preconceived notion - an opinion formed beforehand without adequate evidence; "he did not even try to confirm his preconceptions"
Mette-Marit in her Diamond Daisy Tiara, Queen Sonja in her massive emeralds, and Astrid...oh, Astrid! These are her wings. (See also: horns, antennae, and feathers - which is what they're actually supposed to be.) Every time she wears this, she takes another step up on my list of royals I'd like to have a drink with. You just can't sport something like that without a great sense of humor.
Well, I have to get back to work and I'll try to post more often. I hope that everyone has a wonderful weekend!!
Stop mumbling. (any suggestions from my speech-pathologist pals?) Yeah, didn't do so well with this one. Maybe I need some therapy or shock treatments.
I am planning to stay in the shower for a very long time when I arrive up North. I may not have time to speak to my parents before I set off to my party 9 hours later because I will be scrubbing my face. I may have to wear a backless frock and a balaclava.
So, he looked at his various Sangiovese vines and steadily carried out a field selection – massal selection - taking cuttings from the best adapted vines on the estate and propagating them before settling on what he felt were the two best Sangiovese ‘clones’ for his wines. Unusually Leonardo was also very pleased with the Malvasia Nero, which in many wine books has often been mistaken for an Italian form of Tempranillo.
Of course you wouldn’t, because such items are relatively inexpensive to purchase, and you’d be a fool to pay several dollars a month to rent something that you could buy for only a few dollars more.
+ DONNIE GOINES – Single
It comes as no shock to my regular readers that I HEART Gooseberry Patch Cookbooks! So, this honor is especially special to me.
Using the same basket design, I used the Build-A-Plaid stamp set to create an adorable gingham "napkin" - transforming this Easter basket into the perfect picnic favor!
As I waited outside the agreed venue for the final band member, and main konyn, to make his presence felt, I was floating around on a puffy pink cloud. This was to be the best interview yet… I had a chat with the rest of the band on previous visits to Bloemfontein, and “that time we ended up in that questionable hang – out – the name of which, eluded us all. After a few minutes delay, the main man made his appearance and the best interview to ever be conducted by a ROOKIE –the word ROOKIE proving to be extremely significant in hindsight – could finally commence.
I should point out that this entry was made after I learned that Red Chair was replacing Cinder Cone as Deschutes’ spring seasonal.
I cannot wait to fill the Easter baskets! It is one of the best parts of being a Mommy, getting to do all those fun things. I have some candy melts to make some molded candy, perhaps Camille and I will make some of those today. We are stranded home again because Joe took the Big Van, so yay, we are not going anywhere!
Winners will be chosen via random.org on August 15th, 2010. Last valid entry can be entered on August14th, 2010 at midnight PST. Winners have 48 hours to respond before another winner is chosen via random.org.
My poetry purchases this year:
Cut out your "gingerbread" shapes, ice them with glue and dust them with liberal amounts of fine glitter.
the shade.
Carey Goldberg is a journalist/blogger for CommonHealth at WBUR and a co-editor of “Mind Matters” at Scientific American Mind. She graduated summa cum laude from Yale and attended graduate school at Harvard University. She has been the Boston bureau chief of The New York Times, a Moscow correspondent for The Los Angeles Times, and a health/science reporter for The Boston Globe. She is a co-author of the 2010 triple memoir “Three Wishes: A True Story of Good Friends, Crushing Heartbreak and Astonishing Luck on our Way to Love and Motherhood.”
Please Subscribe and Comment.
2 carrying
I used to be a big fan of Lisa Germano back in the ’90s. There was something indefinable about her haunting, catchy music that struck a chord with me, and I had great affinity for her remarkably confessional (and frequently very funny) lyrics. Mainly, though, it was her voice that first caught my attention. Soft, measured and unaffected, with a barely-discernible Midwest twang, hers was the slightly cracked sing-song Voice Of The Prozac Nation. If you asked me in 1995 which female musical artists Rock Division were my all-time favorites, I would have obviously answered, "Number one: Kleenex/Lilliput," but Lisa ran a close third or fourth, right after Poly Styrene's consumerism-obsessed X-Ray Spex and—I'm almost embarrassed to admit (after all, it being 1995)—Huggy Bear or Bikini Kill, both of whom I stubbornly believed were about to rid the world of the growling Eddie Vedders (despite ample indications to the contrary).
The musical influence that had on me, completely changed my approach to the normal acoustic guitar as well. Because the lap slide is played in open tunings using alternate thumb picking techniques – I started applying this to my other guitar and slowly developed a particular style and sound. A lot of roots music is played in open tunings using this finger style approach. It gives the music a definite flavor which people mostly relate to blues & roots.
(great scott!) two weeks later at $4,599,000. Amazingly, it did not sell, until 245 days later, having been lowered to $4,199,000. It now sells for a second time, at $3,675,000 on January 12, 2012, suffering a $288,591 loss in the process.
Since then, “we’ve seen a number of applications come out,” said Alex Lougheed from Open Data Ottawa.
The moments you have no idea where you child is. The moments you worry and worry and worry. The moments you dream about what your child will do with what you are teaching him. The moments you feel as if everything you are doing is working. The moments where you feel as if everything you are doing is failing. The moments you love them. The moments you want to scream at them.
The Trayvon Martin case showed us that if we bring our attention to an important problem we can solve it. Zimmerman is awaiting trial, but we should not wait, nor should we stop marching until we bring an end to homicide being the leading cause of death for black males between the ages of 15 and 34, end the 1 in 16 black men and 1 in 32 black women being diagnosed with HIV, and end the 72% of African American children being born to unwed mothers.
~G
“Why? I’m paid for the whole night.” She said lethargically.
Don’t get me wrong, I love learning. I have chosen to go into biology and that has really been the only light at the end of this long, dreary tunnel called school. The pompous teachers, the group projects, the mandatory extra credit assignments, the insane amount of money I have to fork over….who needs this, really?
over picking up again that futile lyre
I say “redefine,” and that word carries with it the connotation of rebuilding and moving to something else. This is not that I mean when I use it. The word makes it sound like I covered up who I was to become something else. This isn’t what happened. Rather, I tore the plaster of a fake personality down. I’m not an emo kid, and college Ian realized this and proceeded in erasing that identity by digging beyond it, focusing more upon the intricacies and individual idiosyncrasies that compose who Ian Williams really is.
Many progs, in sudden shock & disillusionment that the entire ACA may be overturned — not to mention fearing taunts by coworkers over their “Healthcare: Reformed!” coffee mug — desperately seek a silver lining. If obamacare must be defeated, they reason, maybe it’s the first step to passing real healthcare reform: a single-payer system that covers absolutely everyone. The more severely mentally ill believe losing before the Supreme Court was all along part of obama’s secret, multi-dimensional plan to implement single-payer.
I'm also assuming that quitting "bad" things like smoking or driving drunk are not seen as negative. So we are only talking about quitting things that not everyone thinks are bad. Like sports teams or performances or other activities.
Well, I could go on and on but I am starting to have flash backs of last night. To all my friends out there, I know you are all good patrons, but you all know somebody who isn't. For my fellow servers, feel free to comment with anything I left out as I am sure you can all come up with many more.
Trying to find perspective in
I will never forget these memories and these treasured moments will always be safely kept behind the latch of the iron entrance gate as I live and breathe…I put my hand out and unfolded my thoughts in the sunlight. I was smiling again as I began to find traces of how it was, what it was and when it was….
Amar Singh Thapa was entrusted with the task of defending the west. A regiment of six thousand British troops made a surprises attack upon five hundred Nepalese troops and captured Nalagarh and Ramgarh. Amar Singh Thapa had stationed his troops at Gadwan. The Nepalese troops took the offensive. The British troops were defeated and fled. Octorlony wrote to Hastings for reinforcements. Even with reinforcements, every attack of Octorlony was repulsed. Amar Singh Thapa showed an uncommon bravery in this battle.BATTLE OF DEUTHAL
Wrong Mr Carson , (the Mayor of Craigavon), our literature was merely pointing out that we had uncovered evidence that asylum seekers in the UK are receiving special heating allowance payments while our own pensioners are freezing to death!
Years ago, I was sitting in an eighth grade geography class and we were talking about current events. That is the first time I heard about a place called Bangladesh. You see, Bangladesh had been devastated by a cyclone that killed tens of thousands of people. Being an introspective melancholy, that bit of news impacted me in a way that changed the course of my world forever.
We thought it’d be cool if everyone could see an image or two (or three), the plan being to offer the pics as free wallpapers once the game was finished.
SURPRISE!
The background paper and union jack are from Craft Artists’ British Street Party kit, the crown is from Fiddlette at CatScrap, the portrait of the queen found via Google images.
The growth of Christian Endeavor from its twenty member society in Williston Church in 1881 to its status at the time of Dr. Bob’s graduation from college in 1902 is absolutely astonishing. Though Congregational in origin, Christian Endeavor met the needs of youth and the need of churches of various Protestant denominations to court, encourage, and instruct young people in the service of Christ. Its influence on churches and youngsters became world-wide in span and duration.
And never repeat that mistake;
Things were still quite new with my classes in 2005 into 2006 and I was really pleased at how many ladies chose to return year on year. Coupled with new beginners, this gave me a logistical problem trying to accommodate everyone - good problem to have.
The story flicks from present day with Eva as the main character. She is super smart and dropped dead beautiful but she sometimes finds that the beauty part can be a curse when guys are always chasing you makes making friends at school hard and being expelled seems to become a pass time for Eva. Eva seems happy to be invisible to everyone and I liked the fact she was not stuck up and did not think she was better than everyone else. Eva also had a hard family life and that was easy to relate to for me and made Eva an easy character to like.
I love pictures, so let’s use a visual aide. Imagine a large glass vase. Layered within the vase, from the bottom to the top, are the following; a thick layer of firm, plump grapes, followed by a layer of sticky raisins tightly compressed, and finally, a thin layer of dry, flaky, oatmeal. This vase represents the structure of our skin from the inside out.
I honestly dont think there are any movies out there that have helped me in any way, if anything there are more movies that have triggered my grief rather then help.
Meet Nellie Lemon enjoying her holiday at the South Devon Holiday Camp in Paignton, South Devon, sometime in 1935. Not only is she blessed with the most delightful name, but she is captured at the perfect point mid-swing, her face reflecting the simple bliss of simple pleasures. In the sunshine. On holiday.
This has been a theme I've seen lately. There was a contestant on The Voice that was all "I'm tired of just being the pretty girl." Another show I watched had this girl blubbering about how people gave her more attention because she was beautiful. She got seated at restaurants faster; she received better service; she got free crap. Boo freakin' hoo. We should all have those struggles.
Want to end the activity?
UPDATE: See comments for a generous offer from the store manager!
Next week, my husband begins a new schedule where he’ll be home more often. The traveling and absence will continue, but the weeks will be shorter, and the time together will be longer.
For those who have lost a baby, myself included, it was comforting to read the thoughts and feelings of someone who has been through the same pain. (Although please note, the author is male – so there are some aspects of losing a child that are not discussed.)
LDL cholesterol numbers can vary from day to day (even hour to hour) depending on how you ate the day before, exercise, etc...so the fact that that was in a "high" range this time around doesn't bother me. I don't really give 2 shits about my LDL, actually.
The band has played everywhere from dingy underground hipster clubs to festivals like Glastonbury and The Virgin Music Festival; and Martina has already achieved pop-star status, as she wrote and sang lead vocals on Basement Jaxx’s hit single, “Take Me Back to your House.” Dragonette has also been nominated for a Juno Award for Best New Group.
Another thing that has cut down on scriptwriting time? Getting used to the realization that, in a script, you're not directing the film...yet. I started out this project not only with a story idea, but also with images in my head and possible camera angles mapped out; in other words, I embarked on this venture with the hope that I would eventually get to direct it myself. But, as both online screenwriting guides and a friend who is currently working on a script of his own have advised, when it comes to the script itself, it's best to try to take a hands-off approach and not overwhelm the script with detailed camera and actor directions. Eventually, whether you're directing or not, you'll be working with a group of collaborators that may well trump whatever ideas you may have initially had for, say, casting, shot selection or line readings. So it's good for a script to provide that kind of room for interpretation.
a change of heart and
HEA 10.29.406
- pulling a title (thank god, I drew the line here!)
made a few St Patty's images...see what you think.
I'm playing catch up today and posting a card for last week's Pals Paper Arts challenge. I didn't get to post it last week because my camera took a bit of a tumble. Actually, it was a rather bad tumble and now it isn't working at all. I am hoping I can get it fixed, but for now, I have my trusty old camera to use in my time of need. I am so glad I saved it!
Ellen Degeneres has called him “smart, hilarious and funny. Variety has said “Alec Mapa is a freak. No one should be this talented.” With uproarious live performances and ground breaking television roles, actor and comedian Alec Mapa has entertained audiences worldwide in every imaginable medium.
Do the chairs in your
“Walking around at Dam square a colorful window caught my eye. A visit to the website written on the widow taught me that Selwyn Senatori is a popular Dutch neo-pop artist that paints about the inspiring thing in life: La Dolce Vita. Meaning good food, wine, music, women and design. All of this with a hint of his Italian background.Selwyn is different from the old masters that Amsterdam is famous for. His technique consisting of acrylic paint on linnen, chalk, pensils and spray cans might be more appealing to a younger audience. A different way of experiencing art in Amsterdam.His pop-up atelier can be found at:Dam 211012 KK Amsterdam
Pics of this stuff soon. I have a busy week (In Flames concert tonight!!!) and my camera is someplace else.
Seems like there should be an application somewhere here for us. It's just fortunate that we don't live in a time and place where everyone does as they see fit!
There will be two prizes again! The first will be a RANDOM drawing completed through Random.org. The winner of the random drawing will receive a $15 gift certificate from The Ribbon Retreat!
Plus it's an excuse to make Cake!
Life seems almost normal. Thank you, thank you.
White House officials have been telling reporters in recent days that the Democrat doesn’t intend to hang around the White House quite so much in 2011. They explain he wants to get out more around the country because, as everyone knows, that midterm election shellacking on Nov. 2 had nothing to do with his health care bill, over-spending or other policies, and everything to do with Obama’s not adequately explaining himself to his countrymen and women.And with only 673 days remaining in Obama’s never-ending presidential campaign, the incumbent’s travel pace will not likely slacken. At an Air Force-estimated cost of $181,757 per flight HOUR (not to mention the additional travel costs of Marine One, Secret Service, logistics and local police overtime), that’s a lot of frequent flier dollars going into Obama’s carbon footprint.
I need a DVR like whoa! I've been super spoiled with FeFe and sister by PAUSING a show because I'm being interrupted by kidlets. Also, I love the "let me record things and watch them later" aspect. I know, I'm about 5 years behind, but this ties in nicely with my next "obsession."
Just like in the Ted Nugent case, Secret Service had simply met with the Colombian prostitutes to make sure the prostitutes are not planning an attack on the president.
Notice the diamond pins!
With the by-elections score standing at 8 all, PR got its work cut out in reaching out to the rakyat before the impending 13th General Election.
The issue of orphan works--out of print, still-in-copyright books, films, photographs, etc. whose rightsholders can't be found--is one that has been much in the news lately.
Allah ke bande hasde allah ke bande
If you want to know a little more about racism, consider the slaughter of over two million non-Arab animists and Christians - and even some non-Arab Muslims in southern Sudan.
I just wanted to wish you all a Wonderful Easter Celebration.
The Drinks: Ohh, the drinks. When I first started plotting to do a post about the Anvil, long, long ago, they had a section of their menu with a list of "100 Classic Cocktails to Try Before You Die". Well, the 100 cocktails are no longer a part of the menu, although you can still see the list, posted in a rather inauspicious location on the far wall of the bar. (It's the wall opposite the door as you come in. Or you can view the list here.) They've been replaced with a rotating seasonal menu of original drinks developed by the Anvil staff, which are all very delicious. The good news is, you can still order all the old cocktails, as long as you know what to ask for. So if you're yearning for a classic, or you just want to feel like an insider for ordering off the menu - here's a list of my Top 5 Classic Cocktails to Order "Off the Menu" at the Anvil.
You can also download and read eBooks on your desktop computer, but it is nice to be mobil once in a while………. for a small fee you do have email, but who wants to be interrupted, while lost in a wonderful book?
It has been too common for site planners’ to work out their plans on paper only, and to save themselves trouble by clearing away trees and hedgerows, wherever these happen to come in the way of the plan. No system can be more foolish, for a new building estate, at best, looks raw and poor, the gardens empty or filled only with small struggling shrubs and plants ; and nothing so helps the early appearance of a building site as the preservation of, existing trees, and even sometimes of existing hedgerows.
Rest in peace Sandy. Thanks for helping me with my homework and thanks for your friendship and yes …. your love, that was really what it was even though we didn’t know it at the time. I will miss you.
“You don’t want a piece of candy, do you?”
Eva and Addie started out the same way as everyone else—two souls woven together in one body, taking turns controlling their movements as they learned how to walk, how to sing, how to dance. But as they grew, so did the worried whispers. Why aren’t they settling? Why isn’t one of them fading? The doctors ran tests, the neighbors shied away, and their parents begged for more time. Finally Addie was pronounced healthy and Eva was declared gone. Except, she wasn’t…
During the Year of Faith, I am sure that there will be many talks that will illustrate just how clearly the texts of Vatican II are on many basic issues of the faith, including, for example, the infallibility of the Pope - a text not even included in Lamont's list. I think it will become ever more difficult for popular modernists to claim the support of Vatican II for their outlandish opposition to the magisterium. The Catholic blogosphere has been one influence prompting students to look at the texts themselves.
I could say a prayer and just move on
Leaning back onto her knees he could see her eying the surroundings. She slowly went to stand when he put the vibrator on full pulse and watched her almost drop to her knees again. Staggeringly she made her way to the bed, leaned over, grabbed a pillow with her teeth and tossed it to the floor. Standing over with the pillow between her feet she dropped to the floor, pressed her knees together forcing the pillow solid then began to grind her body against it. Each time she moved forward on the pillow he could glimpse the streak of wetness left behind on the pillow.With in a few moments he could hear her coming in stereo. He turned off the vibrator and watched her slump over on to the pillow.
“Hey you’re a fucking bitch”
I hope that you'll join me in this endeavor, to give thanks and praise, everyday for all of the blessings we have been gifted with in our lives.
kabuki thanks the site where this kitty was found. Now on to business. kabuki is aware of the grumblings and rumorettes that have been floating around this fair planet. let kabuki put your mind at ease. everything you think you heard is true. all of it. moving on. someone recently told me i was high at the event i was telling them about. "I was twelve" i replied hotly, "and I most certainly was not". "Well there is the problem" they said "you should have been". Reverse logic applied at kabuki. brilliant! well played - kabuki thought. "they can learn" kabuki mused, i will have to watch out from now on. And people think kabuki is paranoid. "deluded" they cried, in a sing-song chanty kind of way. Like the Osmond boys with just a hint of Children of the Corn.
Havard comes to Reykjavik with a rare copy of "Moby-Dick" and a model ship, trying to track Emil down after several stops for vodka, coffee and felonies along the way. Emil hides under his bed when he sees his old roommate approaching, and stays there for the bulk of the novel, too embarrassed and frightened to reveal himself after Havard breaks into his apartment. Emil is forced to listen to Havard play his records, drink his liquor and smoke his cigarettes while Emil's friends and acquaintances come over, one by one. The night turns into a freakishly awful party that Emil is increasingly unable to escape from.
Track 10 (Left Where It Fell) lasts 7:02, there then follows 5:00 of silence after which a hidden track starts (an edit of 'Iced World' from Brian Eno's later released album 'The Drop'). It's length is 8:39 giving a total track length of 20:41 for the final track.
Our ancestors lived, fought, and died for us. They gave us our culture, our religion, our philosophies, and our freedoms. Our Heathen ancestors fought to keep the Old Ways, and even after the conversion to Christianity, their children kept alive the old ideas of rights and freedoms, so alien to Christianity, till at last they flooded through it, breaking their way through. Now it is our turn, to rise up, bring back and preserve the old ways and old stories, which have been suppressed and vilified by the last generation. Let us not lose our past for the sake of politics. Let us honor our Ancestors.
There is only one scan here too as the rear of the sleeve is blank. Still, it's the music that counts.
For the laughter and the mirth
On Monday, April 16 the temperature reached 85 degrees with clear skies at Monmouth University. Countless students put their studies on hold and spent the day at the beach.
Ice hockey has been traditionally perceived as a dangerous sport that has never been taken seriously by the British press and is surpassed by curling when it comes to priority rink time. Even in hockey’s golden era in the 1980s with Tony Hand at the Murrayfield Racers, hockey was never seen as a mainstream sport. However, with four Scottish teams now competing in the national Elite League and attendances at an all-time high, ice hockey is now riding on the crest of a wave.
I won’t say anything more. I don’t want to spoil the movie to those who haven’t seen it yet.
Here are 3 acting quotes which make just as much sense to me in writing:
I’ve noticed an increase in songbirds since the Hill was felled. I don’t have a lot of trees but more so lately I’ve been entertained by melodious trilling from the neighbours Macrocarpa’s (well more accurately from the birds visiting them).
and some really meaningless editing. While it is firmly within the law I suppose it remains a question of ethics or rather lack thereof – why some ‘happy’ readers could access it for free whereas now other not so happy readers must pay something about 10$ for a copy of the same story?
The final rule is that I'm going to be kind. Or rather, I'm certainly going to try to be kind. Anyone who ever took a punt at brewing their own beer at home will know what a truly elusive treasure a finely crafted ale really is. Many of the beers I am about to imbibe will have been produced by small, local enterprises who may merely be finding their feet, so it is my intention to be ever mindful that great pride has been taken in pursuit of these results – however unspectacular they might be.
“It’s bad,” says the Sheriff. ”Real bad.”
The sale will be held in Washingtoniana, Room #307. Cash or check only. Hours of
A lovely lady walked up to me with this great jacket....she said "You've got to try this on...it is a CABi-probably worth $100 and it doesn't fit me....maybe it will work for you!" And it did!
Author 3: I read @ replies, but there's no point in replying to people.
Hopefully in a week we will have a fully potty-trained little boy!
Diane cofounded and was the CEO of VMWare (VMW) and led the company through an IPO and 7000 employees worldwide from 1998 to 2008. Diane was also the founding CEO of VXtreme, which was sold to Microsoft in 1997 as the basis for their media player.
Prepare the lemon cake batter, divide into cupcake pans. Warm blackberry preserves in the microwave for about 15sec. and stir to thin a little. Spoon small amounts of blackberry preserves on top of batter. Using a tooth pick, swirl blackberry preserves into batter. Bake as directed for lemon cake recipe.
Take this incredible highboy dresser makeover by Cassie of Hi SugarPlum! She painted it bright yellow for her daughter's room and actually had me thinking, "I should look for a Queen Anne highboy." Really? I never thought I would say that. I like that she even kept the original hardware and just cleaned it up a bit.
I briefly entertained the idea of selling and just getting the fuck out of Dodge. But then I thought... my work here isn't done.... but, poverty rears it's ugly head and I have to rethink my possibilities. I need to buy a cemetery plot here in the city of Rancho... and a sizable marker.
In the fall of 2007, J and I both took jobs on the 14th floor of 60 Wall Street. For some reason, J didn't have an office his first few weeks and wandered around the floor with a huge desktop computer in his hands looking for empty cubicles. The first time we spoke, we were talking to another person and both said the same thing at the same time. J swears we said "That's what she said." I knows that's not true. A few months went by and we never spoke again.
Let the games begin!
Occupation :
The SAT’s new Satosphere dome was full for the event’s keynote address by Harvard Professor Jeffrey T. Schnapp, presented along with a three-dimensional projection by UdeM design professor Luc Courchesne. Both the lecture and the projection addressed the wildly popular, experimental book by McLuhan and graphic designer Quentin Fiore, coordinated by Jerome Agel, called The Media is the Massage: An Inventory of Effects, published in 1967.
Today I had the sudden realization there is an actual, live, growing human being inside me. A REAL one. That will come out some day. .. .as a baby . . .and live with us . . .and turn into one of the little people we have running rampant in our house.
There is life in Jesus.If you forsake your bad ways and give all to Jesus,your life will experience a turn around for better.You will have rest and peace.
18. Sielwolf - "Rhythmisch/Animalisch"
I used these Copics to color my Saturated Canary image:
Plot: B
To know you remember we fought and we bled.
Writer’s write, and don’t be afraid of critiques, they truly will help you grow as a writer, but only if you open yourself to them.
Some of the new rules may sound good, some may sound bad, but you can be sure that, at the end of the day, they're all pointless.
I can't believe it's already May. I'm not sure if I should be wishing for more time, or be jumping up and down because summer break is just around the corner. No, seriously, I made a countdown right
If you join in and make a flutter by card, please leave me a comment so I can check your wonderful creation out!!
Know that our Lord is the Spouse of your soul. If everything is done for Him, and you are in love with Him, every relationship you have in life, will be born in humility and love for Him. If the union of two, is not tied to the Third (God) and the Third placed above the two, the union becomes tiresome. The union of the two becomes easily led astray. Nit picking about everything become yelling and screaming with that comes deaf ears and selfishness. Followed by divorce of self from the relationship.
1/4 cup peanut butter
I am 96 years old today, here am I sitting on a chair looking out from my veranda and pondering over my time and I made a wish as I asked myself this question.
– GREATER SCAUP, Fish Creek PP, Heather Cuthill
Etcetera, etcetera.
A body that can move and breathe and eat and that works pretty well for the most part!
My outer voice forced the question around the dread building in my throat...
Most towns have one…A legendary local business… that consistently attracts people from miles around…
I have an image of Peru in my mind. I may have seen it on a poster or a postcard; it is of blue mist swirling around an impossibly high and rugged mountain range. Something in that image is so freeing. That is one of the places I would will my mind to take me when I got home from the streets, or, later in my prostitution ‘career’, from brothels or hotels.
All the way on the opposite end of the country from the courtroom in California, I couldn't be there. Instead, I stayed on the computer, with 85 tabs open so I could refresh, refresh, refresh every potential source that might break the news first. A woman on the Honoring Nick Markowitz group announced it first... I cried when I saw the word "Guilty."
Diphtheria Overview 8
well ok...... maybe you would!
May 2012 is already shaping up to be a better month than April was. That’s pretty decent considering it isn’t even May yet. I get paid at the end of the month, and have already paid all my bills for May. That’s also pretty decent considering I paid up the ones I had to skip on last month just to survive. I absolutely detest living like this but one of the first things I learned in Divorce 101 is that sometimes you just have to survive. That was April’s mantra. May’s, I hope, will be more about recovering and stabilizing rather than just making it. By July, I actually hope to be moving ahead.
Non-Hodkin’s Lymphoma, a type of blood cancer, which has been associated with farming in dozens of studies, is also on the rise in the general population. “The incidence of non-Hodgkin lymphoma has almost doubled since 1970. Very few cancers are on the increase to that extent,” according to Dr. Roy Williams, of Pinnacle Health Medical Oncology Associates in Harrisburg. The fact that Non-Hodkin’s Lymphoma is increasing in the general population is concerning, yet it has been a big problem in the agricultural community for a long time. When a team of scientists at the Medical College of Ohio looked at studies published in the last 15 years, they concluded that farmers have an elevated risk of the cancer non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma likely due to their exposure to infectious microorganisms, herbicides, and insecticides. Because of lack of data about farmworkers, data about farmers is often used in place, since both groups are likely exposed to the same pesticides.
이동영(Lee Dong-young)- Bass guitar
Today, Chad and I have been married for six years.
- I love how hard she laughs when I fly her around the house to chase the dogs.
That is the equivalent of twice the recommended weekly limit for men and three times the weekly recommended maximum for women.
Pictures below are of last week at the base "Tumbling For Tots" program. At the same time, in the same gym, there was an exercise for a military style funeral. It was very strange sitting there watching my full of life, energetic babies run amok, while right behind them there was a 'funeral' going on.
We're not told what flavour they are. "See if you can guess!" Mrs Pig Flyin' challenges us. There's a moment of thoughtful silence, interspersed with the occasional sigh and appreciative murmur.
If you read the post and then read roughly the first 30 or so of 380 (at last count) comments, the basic premise is that she doesn't like mum's with gifted kids (she hates the G word) talking about their gifted kids and she especially hates gifted kids because hers isn't. She then spends paragraphs explaining how nice her Violet is (of which I have no doubt and am very glad she is, because I'm not sure her mum is).
Completed projects: 0
i think the mirror would look a lot better agasint a darker wall, like in the above photo. the contrast would help the mirror to stand out a bit more and look a little it more modern. ni house #6, i will for sure hang the mirror in a room with some dark walls for maximum contrast and drama.
I can’t help but wonder what would happen if he did not defend himself. Would his “friends” have continued to stand around with their worthless thumbs up their asses while these two customers beat the living dog snot out of the employee? Oh, and one other thing, it was later discovered that this employee was simply following McDonald’s policy of checking the large bill for authenticity. I cannot find any news showing a retraction of the store owner’s previous statements.
Marilyn Monroe was a shocking surprise. I kind of heard the song when it dropped sometime in the past months, but I didn’t think much of it. This re-listening almost jerked some tears. It shows that Nicki has as much talent as a singer as she does a rapper, and I was pleased to hear some lyrical prowess beyond her semi-typical “all y’all can suck my dick” or “get off my dick” or a reference to her balls. The first once or twice was cute, but it’s kind of getting tired.
This is by far the best Hulk I’ve seen. He even beats the mulletted body-builder I remember from childhood reruns. This personality-imbued Hulk is one I’m dying to see again, which is why this made me very happy.
After our talk in the kitchen on Saturday, I admit it, I peeked outside to see where DD was, and I called her to come home immediately. Why?
While there is an enormous pile of crap on YouTube, it takes all of a half-hour, if that, to learn how to expertly surf its golden electronic goodness bits.
(And yes, for those that know EMZ and her love for the number 4, I texted her to let her know that I was having a very EMZ kind of day.)
While it does not discuss a natural habitat, this activity highlights the habitats created for animals at a zoo. Design your own panda habitat exhibit at the Smithsonian National Zoo. This is a creative activity to explore the needs of the pandas to survive in a habitat at a zoo. By choosing the trees, water sources, food sources, and enrichments, you learn the various plants, shelter, and food pandas need to survive and have fun. When your habitat is finished you have the chance to watch the panda enjoy your habitat.
by Blodeuedd
I’m sorry for being like this.
In his petition to the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals, lawyers for Bigio charged that Coca-Cola Egypt is making use of property belonging to his family in Cairo’s Heliopolis suburb that was expropriated during the early 1960s in an anti- Jewish purge by then-president Gamel Abdel Nasser’s regime.
About the Author: Melanie McDonald was awarded a 2008 Hawthornden Fellowship for Eromenos, her debut novel. She has an MFA in fiction from the University of Arkansas, and her work has appeared in New York Stories, Fugue, Indigenous Fiction and other journals. She has worked as a reporter and freelance writer, and spent several months in Italy while at work on Eromenos. A native of Arkansas whose Campbell ancestors were Highland Scots, she now lives in Virginia with her husband, Kevin McDonald, author of Above the Clouds: Managing Risk in the World of Cloud Computing.
To a sunrise which sets the world a light
In a parking lot with CBC radio playing, I sat spellbound for a good 20 minutes, the only thing breaking the musical air around me, a gentle announcer’s voice that had me scrambling for paper (a gum wrapper of all things, all I had) to note the composer(s) name. Today I found what I listened to that day and hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Rather, still do.
A noun is a person, place or thing.
1. As further tax income-funded bailouts are politically unacceptable, the IMF will pile in with $500bn of ClubMed ‘bailout’ – widely rumoured in the mainstream press yesterday as earmarked for Italy, although whether it really is or not remains uncertain. The IMF’s funds (and all boosts) are taxpayer funded, but this will be rapidly skipped over….and probably ignored by the ignorant.
Second mum tells me all the time she loves me. And you know, a couple of times I’ve told her first that I loved her. But saying it requires my voice to drop to just above a whisper and feel like I’m speaking another language that I haven’t quite mastered yet. It makes me feel uncomfortable. Just like affection does.
There was another guy here, too, who looked kind of like the singer dude on Dancing with the Stars — with the hat and everything…I’ve forgotten what his name is and what he was doing here, though. Dropping off more dreamz, I think. Maybe he’ll come back later.
If bison doesn’t turn your crank, then there’s always wapiti (aboriginal), or otherwise known as elk.
EotS – battle starts, notice that not many Alliance went to the middle so I follow a couple of teammates to the flag. One of them runs it and the other follows him … NO ONE comes to the center, so when the flag respawns, I am the ONLY one standing there clicking. Score.
as mediocre as my s3-Is is
The Culture Ministry asked Farhadi to retract his remarks. He agreed to say that his remarks were misconstrued, and the Culture Ministry then lifted the ban on the film.
Liveris is a Chartered Engineer and a Fellow of The Institute of Chemical Engineers, as well as a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering.
Have a Kick Ass Week-End!!!!
Anwaar: Run!
patch
I can take days to work through things. Mister has had a difficult time with that. We have agreed that there should be no unspoken resentment between us. We both always want to be open and up front about whatever is going on in our minds and hearts. So when I need time to digest things and figure out how I really feel about something, he has to make himself let me do that alone. He would rather us work together to quickly resolve whatever the issue is, but I have spent so much of my life giving the expected response that now I really need to spend time figuring out what I really think. We also always and ever try to do things to make the other person happy. We both want what is best for each other. And I came to realize that I was giving up things I wanted to do, because I thought it would make him happy and keep me from being in trouble.
David Cameron responded politely saying that the Archbishop had every right to his opinions, even if they are the opinions of an out of touch leftist, expressed congruously in the New Statesman.
Open class motorcycles do not permit streamlining. Streamlining is
Naturally I was fascinated by this new world. An uncharted territory. A mystical place of glitter and that stuff that makes things disappear off one’s face. (Just so you know, you cannot make your nose disappear. It just can’t be done)
My life has gotten busy lately. Friends are asking for help with projects, social plans are made, and without warning all of the time I have to myself is filled with dishes and laundry and things that need to get done around the house. Suddenly a couple of weeks have passed and now it’s almost May. (How did that happen?!)
Was she safe?
“Although the weather is cold now, we must sing here, because the homeless people may feel colder when winter comes.”
As ever, in 2012, Awfully Big Reviews will bring you a mix of specially chosen books for children and for young people.
But I think the simple question “How determined are you to maintain your margins?” would be an interesting way to gauge photographer and stylist views and confidence to maintain margins in this current climate.
His comments riled many netizens, prompting them to write in to Fairmont Hotel to complain about Mr Tan.
as Magnolia Dies.
But I know there’s still more
I want everybody here to understand that the predominant, the primary metaphor that Scripture uses to describe the Christian life — your life — is the metaphor of war.
a beautiful green with strong gold shimmer (so much so that I almost think it’s a duochrome) and a scattered holographic effect. The holo is strong in this one. It has the same great formula as the rest and I used 2 coats for optimum coverage. I find that Dragon is very flattering on my skin and I love that the green has military/khaki leanings. Tres chic!
Please tell me, my love, when’d you conquer the fright?
Hamburgers, minus the bun
It wasn’t just the big decisions, either. Throughout their fifty-six year marriage and preceded by their five year courtship, Dale was the unspoken but official decider of where they would eat, what groceries they would purchase, what movies they’d attend on Sunday afternoons, the kind of laundry detergent that most agreed with their skin types and what times they’d awaken in the morning and call it quits at night.
Enlightning BB Cream isn't reccomended for mixed/oily skin because it could make the skin look too shiny.
Le Poission Rouge
Sun Devil Ale is no more. It will now be known as Devil's Ale. Same beer, just without the "Sun". From what I hear, ASU likes the name.
1 8 oz pkg cream cheese, softened
Real progress cannot be bought with a click, nor can it be accomplished in a week. It is wrought from countless hours of donated time and dedication. It is built on a deep passion for a cause that must be sustained over time not only with initial excitement, but with continual action. The real work of change happens the day after we become aware of issues. Knowledge about a cause should change how we live out the following weeks and years.
But first lets get the important stuff out of the way lol...you want to know who our winners and top 3 are dont you lol!!!!
I made a statement to the Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines (ACCV) and questioned whether the compensation program is fatally flawed and so broken that it should be repealed. Many parents are wondering whether it would be better to return to civil court without restrictions to sue vaccine manufacturers and doctors for injuries and deaths their children suffered after receiving federally recommended vaccines.
two parts. That you cannot survive as a whole.
There is no wind down by the water. The air is cold, too cold busy itself. The silence surrounding me as I stand in the daffodils is dense with space.
1. Cut a Piece of cardstock 12 inch x 4,5 inch
The Times item also highlights one source of growing concern: it’s becoming harder to get diesel and gasoline in Bamako, in part because service station owners have shut their businesses to keep from being cleaned out by soldiers. The only way for ordinary people to get fuel now is on the “black market,” i.e. from some guy with a plastic jug and a glass bottle to measure it into. A friend of mine ran out of gas on his motorcycle driving home yesterday and had to pay 900 francs for a liter from one such vendor. He was lucky: some people are paying 1400 francs these days.
Head on over and check it out! Bear with me on it, lol, its my first picture tutorial!
But his arrogance is so blinding that he thinks that his type of ‘British’ politics can help change Nigeria and his town. But Kayode ego and aloofness which was his downfall in England is unfortunately the downfall for all those around him back home in Nigeria.
Sean Canavan, 39, New York, N.Y.
So this being out of work thing is causing work dreams! I actually really miss work right now. I hate that there is another nurse there right now. On the 14th it will be 1 year of being at that position. I am the nurse they have had there the longest. It feels very weird not going into work this long. I have actually never officially missed a day of work that I haven't made up since I started other than for the funeral and surgery.
three days after Bastille day, yes
10 CC Donna UK
It don't go too fast
It would be easy to blame Ladd for the downturn in quality, since he goes from a reasonably good portrayal to an embarrassing display of overacting. I'm heaping all my scorn on screenwriters Albert Maltz and W.R. Burnett, though. It's seems they felt the audience should know why Ladd's character is the way he is, when the truth is that I was only interested in what he could be in the future. I didn't give two hoots about his past, but I ended up sitting through Ladd's overacted exposition anyway. From there, the character of Raven lost all of the intensity that had so fascinated me before. I curse the minute that Ladd and Lake went into that shack! True, that wasn't where the story really started to go wrong, but it's where his character really lost it.
I noticed that the butterfly had long left the scene and the little flowers were silently gazing at me.
If you like this genre there is someone I would like to recommend. Her name is Maria Muldaur and the 2 cds that I would recommend are Waitress in a Doughnut Shop and Louisiana Love Song. There are not many like her. She's been around since the late 60's, and she has never gone commercial, that's why you may not have heard of her.
So the reason for the lack of writing is because I’ve been staying with my dad since Monday, helping him with a dance studio photo shoot. Between that, doing these blog posts, visiting family, and finding time to sleep, I just haven’t had the time or motivation to write. This week has definitely taken its toll on my creativity. For that reason, this blog post is likely to be rather short. I really just can’t think of what to say, so if I ramble a bit, just, you know, go with it.
I walk along the beach and see some unexpected things. First of all there is a large rock and a face is painted on one side. It is a very recognizable face, a copy of the one on Tutankhamen’s tomb. The large eyes are thickly outlined in black, and the face is surrounded by blue and gold, like a crown or halo, as it is in all the pictures
As for why I'm not on Facebook... well, to a certain extent, this. But there's more to it than that. You may have heard the quip 'Twitter makes you love people you don't know, Facebook makes you hate people you do know'. I feel there's something in that. Not only does going on Facebook open me up to the risk of being 'friended' by people who picked on me in high school (of whom there are many, though I brought it on myself), but it's also a much more backward-looking system.
2. whipped butter and sugar together until creamed and fluffy
That love spilled out, I don’t know.
BAGMAN: "How are we supposed to know that? We were 11 then."
As a designr for Paper Issues are here to inspire you to tackle those back to school pics, and even show you how to make a few cute teacher gifts as well.
died: 1730
We love, then they leave us broken.
Keep in mind that in many sports a player over the age of 30 is moving into the range of being an old player, simply due to the grueling nature of the sport as how it is currently played at the moment.
It’d be so much easier to find someone else
"Snowball fight ends in stabbing."
1. Duh, watching a drama live and reading subs at the same time! This has to be a big deal for those who don’t want to wait for recaps or for subs to be uploaded. Also, if you missed a line or dialogue, you can always scroll back through the translations.
I felt like it was necessary to follow my reviews of the Rocky franchise with something entirely not-Rocky. This, of course, led to me renting Warrior from RedBox. But we’ll get to that in a couple of days. After a bit of a near death experience I had today, I felt like I needed something life affirming. And, after my roommate Richard yelled at me for suffering through my crippling pain in silence and driving myself to the ER without telling him even though I had to walk past his room to get to my car, he was able to suggest just the right movie for me. And it was one that came out within the last 50 years, unlike most of the movies he watches. Let’s see if this movie affirmed my life in my review of Crazy, Stupid, Love, written by Dan Fogelman, directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa, and starring Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, Julianne Moore, Emma Stone, Jonah Bobo, Analeigh Tipton, Joey King, Beth Littleford, John Carroll Lynch, Marisa Tomei, and Kevin Bacon.
The Little Traverse Bay group and the Bay Mills Indian Community near Sault Ste. Marie in the eastern Upper Peninsula sent separate letters to the university earlier this week protesting its continued holding of Indian remains.
Lunch was served at 3:30. In addition, Sarah received word that we would finally
Mike FULLER Is PRODUCER And Main Actor Of FRED KELLY! The SitCom In A HannaH MontanA StylE, Offered 2 MTV In The FRED VIDAL LIVE! Package!!
The Campaign for Human Rights at Glasgow University
So, as there was no escape from the fact that the circus was in town, and as the children had been talking about it in Pickle Missy's class, (so had the parents- nothing like peer pressure!) I put my prejudices aside and took the plunge. We sat with a little friend of Pickle Missy's, and her Mummy. I was concerned about the expense, and was doing my best to fit in with the other parents, nodding in agreement over how reasonable the price was. It kinda was reasonable, but its not the sort of money I have to hand usually. While we were queueing for tickets, somebody gave me a spare voucher of theirs which got me a discount. Happy Bunny.
I really do plan to hem this skirt, but it hasn't happened yet... which is good, given how cold it is out!
To save my sanity, and make it a more reasonable challenge, I'm limiting myself to the "classic" GBV era (pre-Cobra Verde musicians, ending approximately with the 1996 LP Under The Bushes Under The Stars. No slight on the latter lineup, because the couple times I saw that lineup live they did bring it, but any GBV fan knows that the soul of the band died, or dimmed, when guitarist/foil Tobin Sprout left after the '96 LP.
It's a bit of a stretch to claim Keith "worked for meaningful reform of eyewitness identification" when in fact he opposed the only meaningful eyewitness reforms proposed at the Lege last year.
Chips of my love for you, falling away with every strike!
We were very popular with the children and we were “Y’ed” everywhere.
2. Your revised query will be posted on my schedule. I will try to post a note saying your query is down for revisions.
"Wind On Wind" is an excerpt from " Discreet Music", released on Obscure Records No. 3
I've been busy of late working on the launch of Mie Life Magazine, a free, online-only (for now) general interest magazine for this little prefecture I call home. Since the operation has nearly no money to spend, we're relying on volunteers. So far, a few people have been helping out a lot but we're looking to add several more people as we prepare to get going.
Lights-Lights of America making the days brighter
transformed by the turning of the sun
It does not help that Wenger appears to have lost faith with him as well. The Frenchman opted not to bring the Moroccan (as well as fellow flop Park Chu-Young) to the San Siro for the first leg against AC Milan and preferred to stick Theo Walcott upfront when Arsenal needed more options in attack away to Sunderland in the F.A. Cup.
115. Cf. Part III, l. 195.
I may look for more Senators game programs in decent shape, preferably with the scorecard still in the program whether it has been filled in or not. If filled in I would probably want to see the overall condition first.
In contrast to the people I worked with was the Dennis family who invited me into their lives during my brief sojourn in Phoenix. They were a Christian family with small children, a modest home, and a heart for the things of God. The contrast could hardly have been more stark. These were people with hope for the future, and purpose for the present. While my co-workers were seldom quick to help anyone for fear that it would drain what small resources of happiness or money they had obtained, this family (who did not know me at all before I moved to Arizona) helped me when I needed help, and even more importantly let me share in their lives. I was blessed to join them for family outings, church services, Thanksgiving dinner, and other events. I am forever grateful to them for the kindness they showed me during a very difficult time in my life.
It’s crowded here in church today
I liked Andy so much that I named a major character after him in my second book, Oculus, and essentially, based his appearance off of what he might look like in college. I'm sure there's lots of amazing young men out there just like him. And now I have one in my book. :)
B3 Destroy 2:01
Let’s move on to my next point which I want to cover in my presentation.
For those who like to dabble in DIY, Shine asks for a touch of creativity. Push the flaps inwards or outwards – whatever you like best – and simply choose the side you like most, because these lanterns are reversible! Once lit up, the inner side of the lantern becomes slightly transparent, giving it an enchanting look.
the paths this morning on the way home from the school bus stop.
"The committee has a general concern that the proposed process for purchasing products via the kiosk machine is cumbersome and may meet with public criticism for not being 'user-friendly,'" according to the evaluation memo submitted by Matthew Bembenick, a middle manager who recently left his position with the LCB.
As Plato, Socrates and Galileo would tell us, opinion, however popular, is not truth. Nor is perception proof. The statement "I don't trust the media", which appears in the surveys, tells us nothing about the state of the media. It tells us simply that someone doesn't trust it. Public mistrust may very well be the result of a newspaper fulfilling its duty to tell the truth. Imagine a 17th-century newspaper running a series of articles on Galileo's discovery that the world was round. The Finkelstein inquiry proposes that the news media should be regulated for perceived bias and balance. So what would Galileo's reporters do -- report that the world was round-ish?
Particularly for the people I know who still work there, I hope I'm wrong. And once the thing launches next week, I promise to analyze how much of what I've said here is right and how much is off the mark. (It's school vacation week, so give me a little time.)
Dearest Monica,
Does it come as a surprise
Things have to be spelled out to me rather explicitly.
Let 'em burn!
Now, I say "erstwhile", because neither SMART TV nor SKYY Digital had the decency to inform customers via text messages that they had merged. As to when exactly the merger happened is unclear. Googling the net, one finds an article on modernghana.com that states:
Tag Maker-rectangle
People who aren’t afraid to be themselves, follow their passion and generally “have-a-go” at things. These people inspire me so much and make me realise that the only limits placed on us are those we put there ourselves.
I’m not sorry for ever opening up my heart to anyone,
"At the beginning of July, during an extremely hot spell, towards evening, a young man left the closet he rented from tenants in S------y Lane, walked out into the street, and slowly, as if indecisively, headed for the K-----n Bridge."
the harshest kind of truth to many another.
‘Read tonight that 497 out of every 100,000 persons in Nigeria will be snake-bitten in the course of a year. That’s more than I would have expected. The top two offenders are the puff adder and the black-necked spitting cobra. 12 percent fatality rate. But it was the fact that, as I was reading this unnerving information, my rodent friend came out to stare in my direction that gave special impact to the words in the next sentence. . . “The presence of rodents is considered attractive to snakes as they form a large part of their diet.”
—Allison Joseph.
2. Vic Caswell of Sketcher Girl Studios and I have a new project! The first Pod People podcast will be out next Friday (the 18th)! Be sure to follow the blog and/or like our new facebook fan page! We'll be talking about all things YA, including but not limited to YA boys, girls, self-publishing, everything! It's going to be great fun. You do NOT want to miss it.
It got me thinking about how to end the series, though.
But for some inexplicable reason, every copy of the tape disappeared. My brother lost touch with the friend who originally had the tape and any copies in circulation with my circle of mates was wiped (replaced with a Spiral Tribe DJ-mix, no doubt) or lost. I had long since given up on ever hearing again. And then, completely out of the blue, in September last year I got an email from a guy called Chris –
It is important to understand that the intimate relationship between politics and banking policy is not new, nor is its economic influence now unique. Since the nation's beginnings banking regulations have been intimately connected to politics, and the politics of banking is a high stakes game not well understood by the public. It is clearly not understood by today's New York elected officials who sat like pawns watching Obama propose changes which will result in less financial jobs and taxes for local government.
I saw this recipe on my periodic perusing of various food blogs and thought that a) it looks weird, b) I had a 6-year old’s birthday party that I wanted to bring something to yet had zero time, and c) I wanted to try it.
Power Points: 3+
Ironically, it was a situation at work that made me think so hard about this.
My latest binge on spacefarers arrived this week, getting me closer to my mega retro laserburn project. I was surprised, after my post talking about how rare the loose parts where to win a full set of weapons with an uncontested bid!
The first one is a base of white, layered with red bazzill and stamped the sentiment (from Fictionally Inspired) at the bottom in black. The main panel is an image from Into the Moonlight which I stamped in black on white. The apple is part of another stamp that I stamped in black on watercolour paper and coloured with an inkpad and an aqua pen and then cut out and glued to the top of the panel.
Now compatible with Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0).
As it says in verse 20,
(Student had no answer)
Melson's piece intrigued me - it was only a few weeks ago that the National Library Week's Most Challenged list of 2011 was published, and as usual, Lauren Myracle topped the list with ttyl and the rest of that series. But, there was the usual resignation - the second reason Myracle's novel and other novels on the top ten list (including Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, and the ever-gorgeous Sherman Alexie) were banned -- for "religious viewpoint."
06/25 – New York, NY @ Highline Ballroom
“What do I not owe you! You taught me a lesson hard indeed at first, but most advantageous. By you I was properly humbled. I came to you without a doubt of my reception. You showed me how insufficient were all my pretensions to please a woman worthy of being pleased.” (Mr. Darcy would not permit his pride to stand in the way of finding true love. *Sighs Deeply*)
In the meantime, there's something that's been on my mind recently that I'd like to put down here. To introduce it, then, an image:
I have always been a club man in the past, supporting Nottingham Forest as my father did before me and holding a season ticket for 21 consecutive seasons. That run was broken when I had a family, as I suppose that it does for many people, and although the kids are growing up it has never re-started.
One of more iconic styles, in fact.
Krystal and Shannon were talking excitedly about the fact that Justin Bieber would be coming to their city to perform on a Saturday night. They had both asked their parents for concert tickets for their respective birthdays and finally the big day was only a few days away.
14. Sex and the City Men’s Choir “Till There Was You”
It’s important to consider what you can offer to the student to help them grow and develop within your working environment. Ensuring that you have the time and facilities to provide suitable training is important and training courses can provide great incentive for placement applicants if the company are not able to offer much in the way of financial payment. The university are available throughout the year to provide assistance and advice if required, and each student is allocated an academic supervisor.
Many saw 2001's Sleepless, deliberately designed as a "comeback movie" with its strong giallo theme and numerous references to his earlier work, as a step back in the right direction. However, Argento's follow-up, 2004's The Card Player, a giallo about a killer whose murders are conducted during Internet poker matches with the Rome police, earned a mixed reception: fans appreciated the techno music score composed by ex-Goblin member Claudio Simonetti, but felt the film was too mainstream, with little of Argento's usual flourish.
I won’t make fun of them every time I lay down and they disappear into my armpits.
Love is not satisfied with material possessions, and it does not demand some arbitrary standard of fairness concerning them. It demands much more, and it grows out of a much more fertile ground... like the real and true compassion that is more concerned with eternity than gratifying the vain and temporal flesh.
In 1973 Canadian broadcaster Gordon Sinclair made a powerful radio address called "The Americans" in which he praised our incredible generosity and selflessness. "The United States dollar took another pounding on German, French and British exchanges this morning, hitting the lowest point ever known in West Germany," he began. "It has declined there by 41% since 1971 and this Canadian thinks it is time to speak up for the Americans as the most generous and possibly the least-appreciated people in all the world." With the American dollar now at record lows against the Euro, perhaps it's time to heed his words again. The United States is the world's largest giver of foreign aid. We give a whopping 0.13% of our gross domestic product in foreign aid, 81% of which we cleverly tied to the purchase of U.S. goods and services. Of the 21 richest countries in the world only Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands, Norway, Ireland, Belgium, Finland, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, France, New Zealand, Australia, Spain, Austria, Italy, Germany and Portugal are more generous than the United States when it comes to foreign aid, according to the Center for Global Development. It's about time someone thanked us for being more charitable than Greece and Japan.
Today the children had a half day for their Easter holidays so I am doing one little happy dance. I can safely turn off the alarm and although I will be awake at the same time I just won't be woken to the buzzzzzz of it, have I mentioned before I really really dislike my alarm clock lol.
Over the last few years I have heard several stories of people who have been pulled up in ARCP and RITA interviews for marginally negative comments in the free text of the 360s. Some have even been told that to have a less than perfect record on the 360 exercise is a threat to future employment.
Ananias may have been afraid as he approached the house in which Saul of Tarsus was staying. But his confidence in the Lord overshadowed the fears of the flesh. So it is when you and I take God at His word for
What can you say about the performances? Feel free to leave comments.
S. = Saturday
Rachel x
Half-an-hour later, Lex knocked on my door; raah, after being exposed to all of those crusty faces, I was SO glad to see her.
31.12 Saturday, so the regular 1030 workout will be on.
The emotional journey of the flush is overcoming painful or difficult feelings from your history at rapid speed. This is often coupled with mental overactivity, as the mind tries to reassess previous actions and experiences, in order to resolve and move on.
So as soon as the wood had been stacked in the oven to dry for the morning fire, we put on our scarves and went out through the streets, calling loudly between our hands, till the various boys who knew the signal ran out from their houses to join us.
The release of Insulin should be nice and slow and in spurts...so the Complex unrefined unprocessed carbohydrates allow for this to happen. Too much sugar in the blood in ANY form can cause the production of too much insulin which the liver will then store it as FAT or lipids. Lipids are also the fat that over time can clog your arteries. So even too high of GOOD carbs can be bad for people if they have too much other sugars charging their blood stream creating insulin.
Note: You can add a tiny drop of vanilla extract if desired, or stir through some crushed mint leaves, and perhaps consider a splash of Malibu rum too if you like!
Judge Brown takes us through the implications of docketing (that is, the allocation of a case, where possible, to the same judge from start to finish), cost budgets and costs management. You can read his article for yourself and see how the proposals lead to this straightforward conclusion:
11:05: Ables points out that although legislation is couched as being for, and by, the public, governments have learned how to circumvent "Joe Q Public".
It's starting to feel more and more like the New York Times commence each and every news day with a blank template, that they seek at all cost to fill in with pre-hashed ideological Puff. The evidence (presented below) bears this out more and more.
32 And he lifted up his face to the window, and said, Who is on my side? who? And there looked out to him two or three eunuchs.
But I was never your best friend
Someone recently told me there are four main motivators for what drives people – Power, Money, Fame and Recognition and most people fit neatly into a single category with regard to their main driver. Having paused a moment to consider what drives me – obviously not power or money as I have taken up teaching, but I’ve come to the slightly embarrassing conclusion that I probably fit in the Fame category or perhaps more accurately the Aspiring to Fame group. Such is my natural drive for self publicity aka showing off, it’s just as well I’m not a Celebrity as I suspect I’d be calling “I’m a Celebrity – Get me out of here” to see if they had any unexpected vacancies.
Please turn off the mixipod on the right sidebar
So now I ask. Any time a student seems "off" I ask them what's wrong. I take them aside after class, and I do my best to assure them that they can talk to me, or the guidance counselor, or their parents, or a friend, or somebody if they have something they need to talk about. I won't let what happened to Julie happen again. Not on my watch.
As myself a citizen, I am always concerned about budgets, as it is a tool to use the country coffer. It also will help us to drive towards the future, or understand those statistic presented, to see how much lies in it. As we all know statistic tell lies. I am now thinking loud about this budget, is it worst or better than all the previous? Or it is just normal day in day out figures we see daily. One thing for sure, on this budget, I do not see anything surprising, or even interesting.
I still have my passport so I can use it as identification, e-mail me the transfer details and the confirmation number include the amount sent..
(I have to get a good picture of this...all of them have been blurry because there is so much movement between the dog and the baby, as you can imagine)
I'll give you a clue: She's a lot skinnier and her jumper fits better!
Vote NO!
From Goodreads: The novel is the first in a series about the West family, proprietors of Westwood Thoroughbred Farm, and their friends and associates in the world of horse racing. Socially awkward George gives everyone at the racetrack a creepy feeling and is avoided by all. But he uses an online portal to create a very different alternate identity to romance a multitude of attractive women including Kate West and her brother’s ex-wife, Ava. When Mike West is forced to fire George, frustration and jealousy combine to make the voices in the jockey agent’s head unbearable. Soon people start turning up dead and the path of destruction leads right to the West family home.
This month Severin releases the seminal entry in the once ubiquitous zombie biker genre, PSYCHOMANIA (1971) a British production in which Hammer's sometime director/writer Don Sharp made sure the cuts matched and the pacing didn't lag. Alas, somewhere along the line the negative of this amazing film was lost, so we'll never get to see this in super duper high... def. On the other hand, who needs it? The story of bikers who commit suicide and return as zombies who look and act exactly like they did when they were alive, PSYCHOMANIA is a film best seen with your glasses off, the image refracted through rows of empty bottles, and one eye covered so you don't see double. I mean that in the best of all possible ways. Apparently this film scored a cult following in spots where it played a lot on late night TV. I can imagine stumbling on this at three AM and getting that super giddy Columbus kinda feeling.
in the day when the keepers of the house tremble, and the strong men are bent, and the grinders cease because they are few, and those who look through the windows are dimmed,
In our little development, for example, come Spring? We will have to most likely have to keep Bennett contained indoors a lot, while Carter is outside. All because of what I said above. And in addition? Because Bennett, when he is outside? He bolts, sort of like, and I hate this analogy but I have none better, but like a dog that is not well trained.
“Why put yourself out to talk to someone you don’t even know? They’ve got a cell phone. Let them call someone if they want conversation.”
I’m sure you’ve heard of Friday night weddings and even weekday weddings, but a middle of the day weekday wedding is unusual – especially if the weekday is not a holiday (4th of July, Labor Day, Memorial Day).
The Director-General ISI Lt-Gen. (R) Ahmed Shuja Pasha appointed in 2008 was a one of the greatest soldier when it came to professional duties towards the Pakistan Army and was instrumental in propelling ISI to the World’s No.1 Intelligence Agency despite having very limited resources as compared to CIA, Mossad, MI6, DGSE, CSIS, FSB and R&AW; but also one of the worst when it comes to being political & biased towards a particular self-proclaimed revolutionary party (as to which we’ll talk later in this article).
Andrews began his career as a dancer, than choreographer and eventually was involved in everything to do with a production, including set-design. This foray piqued his interest and after he decorated his own 1920's duplex, he was hooked on interiors. It is his past as a dancer that influences his primary focus when it comes to designing a space: movement. I think this is a brilliant word for an element of a room. It's that sort of seen but unseen layer that really connects a space. From the path your eye takes while taking in a space, to the physical ability to move, to the life a room takes on, it's all 'movement'. It is Jeff's own philosophy that a room should never really be considered 'finished' or 'complete'; it should be in continual motion, little tweaks here and there when the mood strikes, or subtle updates as time goes on. It should move and live with you.
Thanks for dropping by and Good Luck!!
- Cool and ready to serve.
Date Started: Sunday May 08th, 2011 approx. 11:00 AM
He professed that he served the Lord Jesus Christ. When you and I say such a thing we had better be sincere. The world is watching and determining if we are true to our word. The determining factor is, “Whom do you obey?” In Romans6:16we read,
Indigenous people:
In your deep fur-lined pockets, fossils of Neanderthal
14. Wake up (2:11)
And CURTAIN!
Last week was one of the busiest weeks we had at work in years. Worked 74 hours in 5 days which of course left no time to update much less read anyone else’s blogs. The good news is that Marcus’s daughter was just released this weekend from the hospital after being there for 9 days. This also was really the first time that I got to play with my new 7D which I received a good week ago and I have to say boy am I happy that I decided to upgrade. I will give more of a review when I have used it for more than a week though but the auto focus system on that camera is fast fast fast!!
1 cup (100g) chopped almonds
Grayson was shaking his head before Doyle finished his sentence. “You weren’t around her in private. I’ve been worried that I’d have to commit her to a sanatorium for her own good until her nerves settled. I regret now that I didn’t have a doctor attending her. She’s so delicate and frail. I should have realized the depth of her terror much sooner.”
To preclude misunderstandings between the parties, the subject matter and key words that will have broad impact in the agreement require definition. Most important are the following :
A counselor who knew him told me that he hated the airport. Guys in his recovery program had talked about it and how the heroin and cocaine that was a big part of street life came through Lafleur on light planes flying in from the Martha's Vineyard or further south. Staring down at the wreckage of the phone, he saw something glinting on the ground. A key, with a tag attached. On the tag was a woman’s name, and a plane registration number. Click here to read the story.
Well...many, many pounds later (for both of us), and some health issues for my sweet husband, we decided it was time to do something. For me? Strength and cardio workouts, no carbs, no sugar. For him? No more Hardees for breakfast on the way to work, unless it's the low carb breakfast bowl, and that expensive Starbucks habit is kaput. I make him a salad every morning for his lunch, and he works out when he gets home. It's working like a charm so far, we're losing steadily and I've even found some "cheats" that make me happy! For example:
After making this album, the group accompanied several other artists, including Domenico Modugno. In 1974, they changed their name to Expo 80, and then became known as Cappuccino in 1976. The band members credited on their 1969 album were: Franco Marcangeli on piano and vocals, Wilfrid Copello on drums and percussion, Lino Ranieri on bass, Vincent Barbera on guitar, percussion and voice, with Jackie Gustamacchio and Rosalba DiMarzio on vocals.
Darkness sits there, pleased.
5) Tell us about your writing habits: where you write, when you write, how much you write, etc.
Can zulily ship internationally?
You want to talk tactics? Mikhail Tal, the great attacking player, was quoted as saying, “There are two kinds of sacrifices: correct ones, and mine.”. The point being, maybe his tactics weren’t perfectly sound, but it put his opponent on the ropes. Even if a Silmanesque thinking technique doesn’t result in perfect strategy, it will help you find strong moves (provided you double check your moves for tactical flaws before you play them).
Evidently Rossini had urgent matters to attend to and flew off, but the 'wife' stayed and was soon joined by Junior Magpie, squawking for a feed. Mother did her best, even trawling through the flowers to get to Junior......anything to shut him up.
Who was our criminal matsermind?
Reports of a 6-year-old boy charged with sexual harassment for kissing a classmate; teens suspended from school for using mouthwash after lunch; and a teacher fired for reprimanding an unruly student, only worsened his condition.
The bell rings, door opens, smiles and hugs exchanged and before I can react or tell him the plans hatched in the kid’s room and the disasters in the comfy confines of my kitchen, he is taken, by the TV yelling at the top of his voice, “It’s a Six.”
Overall, it was a great experience. Something fun and unexpected. Met some really nice people and got to see how things like this go behind-the-scenes. Oh, and the first picture of one of my kiddos popped up on the Infantino homepage. So if you just happen to pop over to infantino.com you might see her sweet little face.
A couple weeks ago, I was seriously feeling down. I wasn't where I wanted to be in most aspects of my life - career, friendships, health, family, job, funds in my bank account, personal sanity time allotted - and Benni, my favorite of favorites and the only relationship I'm kicking ass at these days - sat me down for a bit of a pep talk.
It smells of stale cigarette smoke and and that weird plastic Grandmother put on all her sofas. It feels like pain and misery topped with sorrow and hate. These memories that haunt us will never be forgotten. These mistakes may be repeated a couple times to soak up, or done intentionally out of sheer stupidity. Whichever they be, they will form you. And you will form others. It will lead on for minutes, and decades. You will live on through others. The statement, "I never want to be like my parents," is tossed around, but sadly... we all end up like them in some way. Whether we want to or not.
Martha Stewart punch Sprig.
“That’s great, hon! I don’t want you to end up like your grandmother. Don’t get me wrong, I love her, but there was always something a little weird about her, if you ask me. I’m so happy you finally figured out how to control it. How do you do it?”
In the latter case, a number of things have been developing recently and over the course of our history. There are a variety of ways that we honor syncretism within our practices, by incorporating other deities from diverse cultures into our practices, including, for example, our invocation of Wepwawet, Hekate, and Ianus at the beginning of major rituals, and of having influences from and models in Shinto’s misogi practice in the creation of our Inundation ritual. Syncretisms of various sorts are in development with Antinous, and with others in the Antinoan Pantheon (like Polydeukion, etc.), that are intra-pantheonic, inter-pantheonic, and entirely internal. The Serpent Path has been a practice and a theoretical model that is being used to understand and delve more deeply into syncretism in an Antinoan context. And, polyamorotheism has also been something that has emerged as a theological model in a great deal of my own interaction with Antinous, and indeed it has lead to entirely new theologies and theogonies, including that of the Tetrad.
For fabulous tutorials, inspiration and candy you should keep an eye on the Simon Says Stamp Blog too. It's a good idea to keep a check on the All New Just In Pages , there is invariably some new goodies listed and it is a handy way to keep up to date with all things new and crafty !!
I went back outside to begin the hoeing. I stood at the edge of the garden and literally wanted to cry. The thing is huge. And I need to hoe it into rows? You have got to be kidding me, right?
But, out of this grizzly, icky weekend...there were some good things, too:
I'm considering to stop blogging.
As mentioned last time, I had to endure hurricane Irene. While the damage wasn't as bad as it could have been, it was rather tiresome.
Abbot Paul Stoneham welcomed all the pilgrims , who had come from as far as Swansea, and also from Bromyard in Herefordshire and all joined in a rousing series of hymns thanking Mary for her 'Yes' to God's plan which overturned Eve's disobedience in the Garden of Eden. We were graced with the presence of the Lord Archbishop of Cardiff, whose birthday it was and who joined in the hymns with equal fervour to the Welsh, who were in good voice. The processional statue of Our Lady was borne aloft, decked with many different sorts of flowers, roses, carnations lilies many other varieties and was illumined. We walked around the huge garden, and recited the Glorious Mystery of the Rosary. In fact this carrying of the statue and the singing and prayer very much called to mind the Ark of the Covenant, the powerhouse of the ancient Israelites at the beginning of our Plan of Salvation, before whom David danced. Mary was of the House of David, and is often called the 'Tower of David' as one of that line's most glorious creations.
Another one of our members in Switzerland has guards around his house, and they just shot someone last week near his house who was trying to kill him.
Scary stuff.
10. Funk Angel
We see for example that Germans employees will begin their careers in one company and traditionally will remain in the same company in some cases for the rest of their working lifes. Whereas for the British employees it is very normal to frequently change jobs even consider move to the competitor and “poaching and being poached” particularly on the senior level staff is the rule of the game and is considered as very normal.
UNC-Charlotte Data Breaches Expose 350,000 Social Security Numbers and Much More – Confidential data, including bank account and Social Security numbers for some 350,000 University of North Carolina-Charlotte students, staff and faculty, were accidentally exposed — some for almost 15 years — due to a system misconfiguration and incorrect access settings that made electronic data publicly available.
Full disclosure, I love Rogue and Brutal Bitter is among my top five favorite beers, but that has nothing to do with it. The answer to "how do they get away with charging so much?" is simple: the market thinks their beer really is that good. And as good beeronomists we should know not to question market outcomes, our task is to simply try and understand them better.
Your working trot had you working harder then your horse.
Hard Magic is warmer than a Snuggly, funner than Floam, stickier than Mighty Putty, tastier than a puppy, and made it around the Top Gear track in one minute thirty seven seconds! The mass market paperback edition of Hard Magic chops, slices, waxes, buffes, stitches, cleans, steams, and picks up all of your pet hair and dander.
* Living a life with purpose and on purpose
I can't leave the topic of pathos without discussing Star Wars again - specifically, the fact that there were no pathetic characters in I-II-III that I could identify. Even C3PO had lost his pathetic outlook and turned into a kind of one-line fall guy. I can't watch those movies without thinking how differently Jar Jar Binks would have turned out if they'd actually allowed him to be pathetic instead of just goofy. Think about it - banished for being clumsy! If the movie hadn't just dropped that backstory by the wayside and it had actually made Jar Jar a bit more hangdog - a person who tries not to be clumsy but causes trouble inadvertently and suffers terrible guilt as a result - it would have made a big difference for the film, in my opinion. Think about how Dory came across because of her lack of memory. If she hadn't been pathetic, it would have been awful - instead, she was transcendent (in my opinion!).
The first book is The Nobel Peace Prize Lecture. The lecture was delivered by Jimmy Carter on December 10, 2002, at the ceremony in Oslo, Norway, where he received the Nobel Prize for Peace.
“No you’re not. You wouldn’t know anythin’ ’bout it,” Creme spat out in a whisper, turning her head to the side. There she stewed in the silence between them. Served the Draenei right for bringing it up, for trying to connect with her.
In other news I have started on the Happiness Project! This morning I went to my first ever gym class, Zumba and it was amazing! Lots of fun and although the steps can be quite difficult it is amusing trying to keep up and some of it is absolutely hilarious. I've signed up to another Zumba class for next Sunday and I also have Salsa and Dance classes booked during this coming week as well as my gym induction Tuesday! Am also getting straight back on the diet tomorrow which I'm thinking will be good as I haven't felt so healthy since I stopped calorie counting, and am also seeing some houses in the evening so will hopefully find somewhere to live next year... busy busy busy!
Lily spent a few days in the back pasture to graze when the weather was nice, and came back in with a quarter-sized wound on her back leg. Who knows what she was up to out there...So we put her in a stall for a few days to treat the injury and keep her still (one I built in six hours as an emergency solution until Hubby could be home over the weekend), and she seemed fine for a few days. Then I noticed yesterday that she wasn't looking so hot. She was acting sort of listless and a looked bit ribby with a slightly poochy belly (one sign of worms). I figured I'd worm her in the morning (I had to pick up a wormer at the feed store) and call the vet if she was looking no better, just in case the leg was worse than it looked to me.
- White Trash / Trailer Trash (I just figure referring to a person as “trash” is automatically offensive)
I decided to write this e-book despite the fact similar topics can be found all across the internet. I wanted to write it in a relatable way. Without the overwhelming pictures, without the self-motivation and congratulation. I wanted a platform to share absolutely everything I've learned during my journey. And I'm happy to say I think I accomplished it!
This is what my dress looks like! It's a green and black halter made from silk and chiffon. It's really rather nice and holds my GIGANTIC boobs quite well. I wasn't quite sold on it at first but the more I see it the more I really like it.
But another aspect of this public rage business: no matter how protracted (ask the poor Danes at that newspaper) it's window dressing. It’s a distraction from the real thing: stealth jihad. The real thing is The Muslim Brotherhood’s takeover by bureaucracy and intimidation. Bureaucracy in the West, intimidation in the Middle East and North Africa. They never give up, they never forget, and they keep moving toward their totalitarian and most dystopian Ummah.
In honor of Nick, our many miscarriages and for all of those that has lost a pregnancy or child.
Oh, yes ....
I am just popping in after a sort of spring break. The last week I was off work; took a few days of vacation and spent them at home. It was lovely to catch up with friends, we also celebrated the 49th birthday of Marcel, cleaned up the garden (looks great now but the weather is still too cold to call it spring) and relaxed a bit.
Washington cannot exist without conflict. Now that the “Muslim threat” is wearing thin, Washington is stirring up a conflict with China. Washington is sticking its nose into every dispute China has with its neighbors and building up its military presence in the Asian-Pacific. As I wrote in my previous column, a China threat is being created as a long-term threat to take the place of the former Soviet threat.
On Monday, May 17th I'll be hitting in midtown with a new configuration that I'm really looking forward to. Roberto Romeo (of Roberto's Winds) has been producing a Monday Night series at Rosie O'Grady's on 46th Street. He's been bringing in some great bands. I saw Donny McCaslin's trio, Loren Stillman's band, Greg Osby's sextette and a quartet led by drummer Jonathan Blake that featured Mark Turner and Jaleel Shaw.
Watched a newborn take its first breath
Which I guess brings me full circle. Learn to cope with fear, ignore the asshats, don’t become a hater…sounds good, right? Sure it does. Keep cranking out the weird little stories, oddball letters to friends, song parodies, bizarre one-act plays, inappropriately fictionalized school essays, slightly unprofessional work emails, and so on. In fact, you know what, just keep doing what you’re doing, because it’s gonna happen. You’ll be a writer.
As far as effort goes, this cake was really easy. Basically, you whip up a wonderfully citrusy batter and spread it onto the pan. Then you stick a bunch of halved plums onto the batter and pop it all into the oven; allowing the batter to rise (and trust me, it may look like there’s not much batter, but boy does it rise!), and bake into a cake that holds the plums in place. It is as simple as that!
Here are some useful tips:
When did the milk of human kindness curdle into the paperwork of authorizing agencies?
This is the perfect feel good read about accepting yourself the way you are and how the people who matter will accept you too, warts and all. I loved this tale of finding love where you least expect it and would definitely recommend it to anyone who appreciates warm, funny, contemporary romance for teens.
This is the last week to enter recipes for this football contest. I want to thank all of you for entering and especially you who did so on a regular basis. The leader-board clearly shows a few of you with whopping total points and a clear lead over other contestants but of course, it still comes down to the draw-off at the beginning of the year, right in time for the BCS National Championship Game in New Orleans.
-2 small garlic cloves grated
I wasn’t haunted by nightmares, my place at school was secure and my face was flawless. Now, I’m a freak and everything has changed. The worst part is that I can’t remember the night I was sentenced to the shadows. The memory has been stolen from me and I just can’t shake the feeling that someone, something is out there -watching.
We have been working on reading this year in K4 and Letter Sounds in Tot School, so I was thrilled when I got the opportunity to review Reading Eggs.
Wholly Engaged: Experiential Learning – Rebecca Brockman
The apostle had just delivered the message from the Lord to all those on that ill-fated vessel and reported that none of them would die but that they would be cast upon a designated island, that of God’s own choice. Now look at verse 27: “But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down the Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near to some country.”
Here is how to:
Hello all! Long time no see! (Well for me anyway- this has been a very blog-lazy week :))
Any stroller you bring, be prepared to empty it and carry it. Carry the stroller, the kids, and all of the stuff you bring onto the parking lot tram or bus, squeeze it all between the seats and then hop off quickly with it all too. At the end of the day, you get to do this part again! Adding fatigue and all the things you purchased throughout the day.
What is the culture that the human body is expressing in the globalised world? This is what struck me as I was reading about GID. This is beyond the purview of my psychology textbook which deals with gender as a social construct, among other things.
Update: I found a worm tea recipe!
Though I suspect that if you could see inside his soul, you’d find geysers of hot sharp pain slapping up against his smile.
Pheasant says that when an individual, corporate or organization identifies with the campaign by wearing or displaying the logo, they are also making the statement that they will hold themselves accountable to the Ten Commandments.
Jim: "On that we agree Bob! And this season has been particularly bloody! So much deaths and maiming!
He also ignores that the most ferocious enemies of change were not to be found anywhere in the West in the 20th century but rather in the Communist countries (Brahm, 1982). Stalin, Brezhnev and Li Peng were the great enemies of change and defenders of their status quo for their peoples in the 20th century. So Communists are Rightists and Margaret Thatcher is a Leftist according to Altemeyer's naive definitions.
I've said several times now how incredibly enriching a trip to Gutenberg.org can be for those who can cope with on-screen viewing of one sort or another. This was brought home to me in many ways, but one I didn't expect was in having a look at two volumes of a lately released French journal, L'Illustration; one edition from 1843, and one from 1913.
Anyway... 3Bs and a C is a super fun night and a great way for us to reach out to our school in a totally non-threatening way. Does your school do any free family nights? I'd love some more ideas!
Mama Dot's Coconut Cake:
€150.00 - emergency plumber (to unblock the sink because BB was away in Italy sourcing floor tiles)
But it’s the Chinese enigma that too many people are ignoring. Asian shipping shares aren’t doing well at the moment, and most of the indices measuring economic futures are at or near the red-flashing-light point. The equation here is remarkably simple: China exports to the West, West’s ability to consume spirals down the loo, China hits the ground hurting. China stops ordering raw materials, Australia goes into a rapid and deep recession, and the Sydney property bubble bursts. China cuts imports and tries to focus on the home market to take up the slack. Western exports fall further, and depression becomes slump.
“Wahal Maam,” Greg says to Crystalo, “Do much appreciate your kindest offer, but really, such a fine morning, thought maybe we’d just walk it back to HicksTown.”
Mr Ejike assured the
If you have been a follower of my blog for more than 5 minutes you know that I am currently on a weight loss journey. I started at 190 lb and I am now 165 lb at 5'6". I'm feeling good and would like to lose about 10-15 more pounds. I truly believe the key to achieving a healthy body weight is moderation. I still eat chocolate, I still eat bread, I still eat cheese .. but all in moderation.
And the amusing thing is that the study was founded and carried out by "progressives". "Progressivism" was overwhelmingly dominant in pre-war America. And it wasn't even a government study initially. It was started by a private charity funded by the former chairman of Sears Roebuck, a Progressive Jew named Julius Rosenwald. A small excerpt from Wikipedia:
Bake for about 20 minutes. Let muffins cool completely on wire rack.
DESK ONE: Sign in. Woman points to desk next to her.
Lexicon word of the day: epigene.
In fact, both FDR and Bush, Jr. did all that could reasonably have been expected to prevent Pearl Harbor and 9/11.
Following a year of living on the delightful Greenstead estate, along with its sofa strewn alleyways and gardens to the somewhat questionable clientele of One Stop, me and my mates decided to move on to pastures new.
Note: apparently, this used to be called Two Brothers Pale Ale.
"GRAMMAR!" *fist pump*
Then it was only a matter of time until I purchased some cotton, reusuable pads. Lunapads. So much more comfortable than paper pads, let me tell you! However, rather expensive and I was loathe to buy more than the starter pack because, really, I could make some of my own. I mean, I had seen all the cool ones that Soulemama had made. But I didn't for another year or so. Mom eventually make me a whole bunch more when she came with me to New Denver. And now I have a huge stash that I never use all of when I am 'on the rag', so to speak. On the light days of my period, the diva cup is enough. But on the heavier days, there is a bit of leakage and for this, the cloth pads are wonderful. I used a thrifted flannel sheet, as well as some I had saved or Rhiannon's which were like new because she almost never slept in her own bed.... and a thrifted towel for the inside part when I made my own. When one of the pads is dirty, I just pop it into an ice cream bucket that sits on top of my dryer (which is a stacked one, so it is way up high, out of everyone's sight). The bucket has water and oxyclean in it. When my period is over, I rinse out the water and throw them in the wash. They come out perfectly clean with no stains.
I realize that buckwheat is gluten-free, but that this recipe also calls for whole wheat pastry flour (not gluten-free). Just use another gluten-free flour similar to WWPF. I tried baking it only with buckwheat flour and it turned out really really dense, so I wouldn’t recommend it. Also, if you don’t like the taste of soba noodles, you probably won’t like this bread.
You can’t pin me to a predictable verb.
He's only two years old; i can't just NOT feed him.
The weak points of Short Cuts stem from the storyline involving a lounge singer (Annie Ross) and her cellist daughter (Lori Singer). That strand is the only one that Altman created from scratch instead of being drawn from Carver and it stands out as somewhat standard and predictable in comparison.
Fancioulla, green mirror for hope, my base,
Carotid Artery Disease is similar to coronary heart disease the only difference being that in Carotid Artery disease, the blood vessels that supply the brain become blocked leading to a stroke. Peripheral Artery Disease is similar to coronary and carotid as well, only the pelvis and leg arteries become blocked and it becomes extremely painful or even impossible to walk and be mobile. If left untreated, it can lead to the loss of limbs and/or gangrene.
that said
Sometimes, if it's been bad weather for several days in a row - preventing the kids from burning off energy outside (as my oldest is a severe asthmatic) I'll put together fun weather related projects. In fact I have a small plastic bin (about the size of a shoe box) that I keep my fun weather junk in..lol...
I think it was in a Guy Davenport essay that I first read a reference to Henri Frankfort’s Before Philosophy. I bought a dollar copy recently, an old Pelican paperback, at a used bookshop near my office. In the book, Frankfort and his co-authors attempt to reenter the mind of pre-rational man through a study of Egyptian and Mesopotamian metaphysics, politics and ethics. They want to chart the transition from an “I-Thou” relationship between man and nature to an “I-It” relationship – a movement from experience conceived in terms of encounters with living forces to a world where natural phenomena could be understood in terms of impersonal cause and effect. Frankfort doesn’t touch on it, but it occurs to me that the European settling of the Americas – in which my yeoman farmer ancestors were early participants – was, among other things, a conflict of these two perspectives.
Shaun @CoffeE8 (and Sue)
met Ruth through Rachel’s Platform Building Campaign. She writes YA and she’s a chocolate lover, a blogger after my own heart, so all you YA writing, chocolate loving bloggers please go and visit her blog. It’s a must read.
I believe in God and that He created the world.
Hope you all have a lovely day, I'm off to do some H*******K. :o(
-Stuck with my staple detergent that I'm also using for all of Adeline's other clothes--All Free and Clear with Oxy-Clean. I found a great site here that outlines all possible detergents that can be used with cloth diapers and how well they work. I'm not about spending high dollar for special detergent if my normal detergent will work. So far so good.
Bersih 3.0 will undoubtedly open the eyes of BN and Pakatan Rakyat alike, to ‘people power’ and the urgency for meaningful electoral reform – not the anaemic efforts of the PSC.
Make your children behave in the way you think appropriate. Don't trot along to Broadcasting House and demand that new laws are created, that things you don't like are banned.
Preheat the oven to 350°F.
2004 Massachusetts approves same-sex marriage (and San Francisco and Portland try to jump on the band wagon via fiat, but are shot down)
2 sings
Total Time 61:52
Where's the backsplash from and what's the name of the tile?
It’s the kind of game teachers might employ in the classroom following a lesson on a balanced diet. But for me, it was also a reminder of the challenge of making good choices when you’re rushed and there are people behind you and the options are limited as they are in so many school cafeterias.
After just a moment’s silence in which her mother sighed over the conflict in her daily schedule that would not resolve itself, she replied “I told you before Dannie, we just can’t afford a new Purecoat for you. You shouldn’t have gone and ri-“
Window air conditioner, in window
In a preliminary injunction (9 August 2011), the Düsseldorf court of first instance prohibited the sale, import, export, and interim storage of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the whole of the EU except in the Netherlands, on the grounds that it potentially infringes Apple's Community design rights (Community design 000181607 for the iPad product).
Now that your batter is done you just need to wait for it to ferment. I cover the bowl with its lid ( don’t close it airtight) and let it sit till it ferments.
Could we have succeeded
Pour 4 quarts of water into a Dutch oven. Squeeze lemon juice from 1 lemon, halved into the water. Stir in the lemon halves, 1 Tbsp. black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves and 2 tsp. salt. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Remove from heat. Add 2 pounds unpeeled, large raw shrimp. Cover and let stand 5 minutes or until shrimp just turn pink. Stir shrimp into a bowl of ice water. Let stand 10 minutes. Peel and devein shrimp.
June 13 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena
Last experiment: take the handkerchief and the bigger felt.tip pen; lay it for 5 seconds and then lay it again for a brief second fraction. Which one is the biggest? The one made laying the pen on the paper for 5 seconds.
I won't deny that I love fried fish. When I married my husband he introduced me to fish dipped in white cornmeal and fried in vegetable oil instead of coating it in a batter. That was a first for me, and we still fry fish this way once a year or so. Over the years I changed to yellow cornmeal seasoned with ground black pepper, seasoning salt and a little bit of Cajun seasoning. It's still a treat to fry up a few pounds of perch, catfish or tilapia using this method. Most of the time though we go for baked, grilled or sauteed fish in an attempt to eat healthier. Today I'm sharing a few recipes I've tried over the years that have been favorite alternatives to frying.
From the root the sap flows to the artist, flows through him, flows to his eye.
Or when His Mother asked Him to save the wedding party that ran out of wine. He explained to her that He really wasn't supposed to start in with the miracles just yet. But He did do what His Mother asked and changed the water into wine. Really good wine at that.
Happy March!
(Yes, you can buy frankincense and myrhh at Amazon.com, for real. I checked.)
“You have,” Lakosha replied. Brulee blinked, puzzled.
She's a great kid, she really is. She's funny, she's talented, she's sweet, and she is mostly happy.
Illustration: I don’t like to be a needy or arrogant person when I help people out, but I do like to receive a small thank-you if I went out of my way to help someone out. I understand that people forget sometimes, but especially if they had plenty of time they could have thanked you, they really should. Have you ever worked for someone and never even received a thanks? It does not feel good, and God wants our thanks to him.
As many of you probably already know, the celebration of spring is being kicked off by Operation Write Home this Saturday, March 5th, with the Spring Bunny Hop on their Stars and Stamps blog, and I'm sure all the cardmakers are geared up and ready for this marathon of inspiration. I look forward to checking out as many of the blogposts as I can, but am not actually participating myself. However, thought I'd better put out the welcome mat anyway in case some of my blog comments entice one of you to visit me here too. And here's my greeting card of welcome to you in honor of spring's lillies and approaching Easter season. The photo doesn't really show up the green base or the gold embossed cardstock.
So the Min of Health meeting with everybody that was involved today, to get their stories straight. And Cheryl Miller has been advised to stay at home….until the case resolved….Wait, is send they sending Cheryl home? She on suspension? Holiday? No-pay leave? Look, this is the public service….define the leave all yuh asking/telling/demanding Miller take.
Appeals Court Splits Decision in Judge Lewis Case
Example: A player captures the enemy stronghold to win the game, having lost 4AP of troops in the process. The winner gets 24 (Loser's full army value) + 24 (Own army value) - 4 (Own losses) = 44 points. The loser gets 4 (Killed enemy elements) + 24 (Own army value) - 24 (Own losses) = 4 points.
* When reading submissions what would you say are the most common mistakes made by aspiring writers?
(How sweet and lovely are these moments of revealing clarity. It's why focusing a camera is so much fun, to me.
“My manners.”
Earlier today, themirthofdespair nominated me for The Versatile Blogger Award. Thanks so much!! Personally, this experiment with blogging and writing for others’ consumption is new for me, and it’s gratifying to know someone is out there connecting with and/or appreciating what I write.
So: here's what you need.
1 lb. fresh broccoli, chopped into bite-sized florets
both the so-called “dragon family,” and the “harmonious world banking system,” are just the same criminal godfathers that Ben Bernanke and Timothy Geithner have always worked for.
Here's the whole thing.
I've stuck the willow cuttings in the ground and woven them together. Hopefully they'll put out roots and keep growing, thickening up their trunks and putting out more shoots that can be further woven together. Even better, top shoots can be cut off and used for basket making!
Fortunately, the temptation—and the desire to avoid anything serious—is mutual. So the pair comes up with an arrangement: sensual, steamy, no-strings fun. But when things heat up on a cold Alaskan night, the rules of the game may change forever...
part of a large group of people who remedied Altgeld Gardens. You failed to
This time I did use beer — Miller Chill, to be exact, which apparently has a hint of lime to it, which I thought would be nice with the taco theme. In addition, I used one can of tomatoes with green chilli and one can of tomato with garlic. The combination of these changes really made it. Even though I was convinced for the first few hours that it was cooking that the whole kitchen smelt too “beery” for my like, the final product didn’t taste like beer, though I suspect that’s what added the zip that we tasted. The spiced up tomatoes were a welcome addition too. Even my spice-sensitive friend thought it was tasty and has agreed to both cans having the chilli next time.
Cross Stitch
71 Oliver Twist – Charles Dickens
I Wanna Be Sedated by Two Tons of Steel
Cardamom Powder - 1 table spoon
I'll admit its all probably stupidity on my part.. For starters I ordered a 16 inch then changed my mind. I would have been happy with the 16 inch, but thought I should try and change it if I could, so no big deal there, but it did bring it to my attention just how dire their customer service department is, so from that point on I already had a bad taste in my mouth about it all.
with a little paprika.
Maybe it was just an off day (or week), but I’ve been feeling like my recipes/posts have been less than awesome. There was a sense of “going with the flow” experimenting and naïve optimism in the beginning of this blog. Now it seems to have progressed into wanting perfection every time I take something out of the oven.
I knew it was a big ask to go up against a well established Conservative personality who has held the seat since 1955, the year I was born.
I may have broken a cardinal rule when it comes to pruning. Without knowing what type of bush these atrocities were, I pruned them. I speculate I needed to wait until fall to prune them since they already had green buds blooming but I couldn't wait through another summer.
Next up: Major Emotional Selling Weakness No. 4 - Record Collection
By the end of 1981 the band came to an end. Jim had started his own business and stopped playing drums to pursue that and take care of his family. Martin and Greg then formed a top 40 band called Tommy Gunn before going on to play in a short-lived band called Invisible Babylon with Jerome Brish (who insisted on being called Presley Haskel).
Hello, therapist? It’s Jen. I need a little help, please.
After some thoughtful consideration, the answer becomes easily apparent. We are dealing with a race that for the entire history of its existence has not developed or evolved in the same way as most of the world’s other races have. They have no written history prior to this being recorder by white people a few hundred years ago and this fact in itself challenges the exclusivity that South African blacks claim to this country at the exclusion of everybody else, particularly whites.
So now he just hangs around and I am wearing my INSANITY by GizzA daily….why don’t men listen?
The Brides Against Breast Cancer Nationwide Tour of the Gowns stopped at The Renaissance, Staten Island, New York, last week October 21st through October 23rd. Brides Against Breast Cancer is a fundraising division of the Making Memories Breast Cancer Foundation. Making Memories Breast Cancer Foundation's mission is to grant wishes, including making memory events, for metatastic breast cancer patients, while continuing to support, educate and increase resource awareness.
In 2001, there was a huge increase in street muggings most of which were to do with the theft of mobile phones. One Monday morning, just before I was due to take a class at Leeds University, one of my female students turned up in a very bad state. Her clothing was dishevelled and face covered in tears. She also had all the makings of a nasty black eye. I did all I could to cheer her up. When she had stopped sobbing I asked her what had happened.
Microwave Method--Put the whole eggplant in a microwave safe dish and cook it for about 8-10 minutes or till tender.
Jennifer Gordon Um....I am pretty wordy so this is hard for me, but here goes. My work is mixed media collage based, heavily influenced by emotion and a sense of longing. Pieces are shrouded in metaphor and color to create visual poems.(not sure if that makes any sense to anyone but me)
It seems like forever ago but it was only three months ago.
So then we see a dinner scene in which Julia’s thoughts are dominated by that one night of sex with Frank all those years ago and apparently nothing else at all, literally. I guess it must have been pre-etty good…and Larry just makes stupid conversations…that guy is kind of lame actually.
Vidya asked, Hello Sir, How much percent of hike we should ask at the time interview ? Is there any ground rule which we normally have to follow to get best offer ?
Just a reminder of how we rank movies here at Glitter, Bliss, and Perfect Chaos:
Wash fresh almonds. Slice each almond vertically into halves. For a neater appearance, trim their twiggy ends. If you like, you may also take out the kernels and eat them - the best part for pickling is the outer shell.
From the “less is more” series
There are obviously many many areas where I need work. Developing my sight reading is the first one that comes to mind, but the least fun to make happen. Remembering how to spell all the damn chords again would be better and just as useful. But last night I came home, popped open a Corona, and sat down to play along with three songs from the first, “blue”, Weezer album: Buddy Holly, The Sweater Song, and Say It Ain’t So. Spent 45 minutes playing them. Getting the tabs. Looking for the sounds. Changing to my poor little Epi Les Paul. Dropping the tuning down a half-step.
But, amidst all these dangerous things, I have always felt that the forests and the rivers have a different kind of serenity in them. You know that there are dangers, yet you will feel that the place is calming you down. And when the sun sets as a glowing ball of fire, you will search for words to describe the scene.Sometimes one can hear the melodious tunes sung by the fishermen when they return back to their villages and it feels that it is a different world, a different time.
17. Politics
It wasn't that I didn't know where I wanted to work but as to what I wanted to do, that was another thing.
Aon...
But E@L is sitting down in Satrefucks, he needs time to think about this news, needs to write it down to see what it looks like, so he can think about it better and he has an iced green tea latte on the table, next to his laptop.
dyed (often with natural plant dye) and worked on a loom or with needles.
sebaceous glands, maxilla, at this stage:
We went into a French bistro type of restaurant. We ordered Carbonara and Baked Mozzarella with tomato & basil. Both of the were really good. I would love to try making this Baked Mozzarella at home sometimes. It was panko breaded Mozzarella baked and had tomato, basil, red onion and olives on top of it with some balsamic glaze. Yummy!
Prep & Landing 2: Naughty vs Nice and Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special ... ABC ... 9 PM
Yesterday I ordered two books on art; one that includes terms and definitions, etc. The other is a mixed media art book. Just for fun that one is.
In fact, I passed a lot of joggers in Lincoln Park.
Yesterday morning, my sister contacted me with the breaking news: words like "fraud" and "criminal" were being thrown around. A Google search revealed that this wasn't just a single case or two of incompetence. There were a lot of lies told, a lot of potential issues at play. And the blogger herself remained vague, before going into hiding completely.
Sale teint de pépère
3 ears corn, shucked
Now multiply this experience by the thousands of businesses licensed to sell at retail — and by their hundreds of thousands of customers — and you’ll understand the magnitude of what is effectively a state tax that benefits territorial beer-and-wine wholesale monopolies.
Matthew 6:19-21 (NLT)
until half of the races of men shall be gone.
3. Preparatory Committee for the expansion and restructuring of the
- John Zorn: saxophone alto (6), compositions, arrangements, direction
David Bowie – David Jones
As you may know, I have been a Pilates girl for a while. With a history in classical ballet, there was a natural progression to Pilates. Its lack of spiritual backbone made it a comfortable transition for someone who was brought up Roman Catholic: there seemed to be a fear in our community that yoga would pull people away from the Church. Its technical approach and focus on the "core" mirrored that of ballet's "center". Eventually I became a certified instructor in order to deepen my practice.
Today, you're starting to see a juxtaposition of blacks and whites together, doing the things people do ... Now, advertisers are not in a position of pushing social justice. But to the extent that they can put whites and blacks together in situations, I think that's a good thing."
I've had to step away from the blogosphere for a while. I finally had to admit to myself that I spent more time reading blogs than doing pretty much anything else. What had started as enjoyable morning reading while I ate my breakfast before getting to work turned into a multi-hour consuming distraction that left me with work to be done in the evening. That being said, I think it's time to give myself a little blog time, probably only in the evenings or on weekends.
"That's like me writing 'Thomas Jefferson was an adulterer' on the board! It may be true, but..." - Me.
So there you have it. A blog post from this keyboard after weeks of the author fearing it would never happen, hopefully followed by more of a less navel-gazing nature. Watch your step...those shards of glass can hurt.
Here in Cartmel’s tenure, when the Doctor gives up screen time, it’s primarily given to his Companion, Ace, and in focusing on her we’re often learning about the Doctor, too, either directly or indirectly. Even when we’re not, though, we’re learning about her and since she’s on board this crazy TARDIS ride, too (although the TARDIS set is becoming less frequently used), screen time given to her enriches, rather than detracts, from the program.
I went to Africa on a mission trip the summer after my freshman year of college, and after that eye-opener I could no longer accept the cookie-cutter lifestyle of the Sacramento suburb I was living in at the time. It was fake. I needed authentic.
with no more significance
I'm fairly pleased with the final result and will be entering five challenges with it:
I had sent in some *Moo cards over a year ago for a submission call, but the cards were returned to me several months later. I was utterly disappointed, but figured that with as hot as Moos were at that time, the magazine no doubt received hundreds of entries. I sent a dozen or so myself in the hopes of having at least one published.
That's when I decided I would focus on TEEN GIRLS.
Preheat oven to 450.
Such belief is amusing considering that as many as five heads of John the Baptist floated around Europe. Fourteen churches claimed to possess the foreskin of the baby Jesus, and Martin Luther, who sparked the Protestant Reformation because of his belief that the “just shall live by faith,” lampooned the church when he wrote that enough splinters of the cross existed in Europe to build a mighty ship.
Please, Lord, grant me the grace of knowing when to shut my mouth and let my actions speak. Thank You for little blessings who are quick to forgive, and please help me think quickly and speak slowly enough that I might minimize the number of words for which I need to be forgiven. Please infuse all of our lessons with the joy that comes from having You as my supervising teacher.
What is going on?
i got a reply today to a letter i wrote last august - only nine months late. and the reply basically says "since letter is so late, do you still want an answer"! woolas no longer minister so i sent it to him for him to reply to in a personal capacity, i'll post the response when i get it -
Newborns are definitely a LOT of work compared to toddler.
And yet they are not three Gods, but one God.
The latest developments seem really odd. The Public Protector's offices get raided, but Cele knows nutting, and the Hawks deny that they were involved. So who did it?
And if any one will not receive you or listen to your words, shake off the dust from your feet as you leave that house or town. Truly, I say to you, it shall be more tolerable on the day of judgment for the land of Sodom and Gomor'rah than for that town. Mt. 10:14-15
♦ backplate is 1 3/4" in length and 1 1/4" in width
I’m still sort of in shock. The whole thing was a whirlwind. We called our family and close friends and sent out many texts, but then it was time to get ready for dinner. On the way to dinner we stopped by my parents’ house to show them the ring. Dan had asked their permission earlier in the week and they had been waiting all week for him to propose!
The Game of Life
Isn't it soo stinking cute! I love how simple it is. Not all that frosted glass and fluted crap. For some silly reason the electrical box is not centered in that space either. If I do require an electrician to help me out I will get him to center the box as well. I want to do many more things in here. Some cheap and easy others much more pricey. This room really needs a total gut job. So for now I am going to do some more inexpensive fixes. Stay tuned I have another idea up my sleeve to make this room a bit more put together but now I gotta run to hop on the boat for a day of fishing!
And a board of all of my Ravens crap.
Wed 10/1 Raleigh, NC Lincoln Theater
1 games
Optional: Serve it with a creamy gorgonzola sauce. Suggested
I'm sure she liked having a "dress as a rich lady" night, after all that toning it down (!?) on the campaign trail. That looks to be about five figures of diamonds around her neck. Welcome back, Callie!
Leggings: Wintersilks.
The saint must continue in prayer and become more focused on eternal things, things of the kingdom, things of good, to be focused on Christ Jesus. After all this, the saint prays to be satisfied, the saint prays to be full to overflowing with good things…so let it be.
Husband suprised me with this gorgeous Zara bag, loveee!
To shatter our bonds
Complications are
Brazil said Wednesday it has shelved plans to build new nuclear power stations in the coming years in the wake of last year’s Fukushima disaster in Japan.
"100 Things" is a challenge to create 100 objects between May 19, 2012 and the end of August 2012, before I go back to school. Now, these objects might be jewelry, or they could be other artistic objects. The challenge is simply to be creating. I do not have to create something every day, but have to end up with 100 objects at the end of the challenge.
Just think ~ I've been in a famous artist's garden! And I've been in Paris! My friend Mr. Bloom was with me. In fact, the whole thing was actually his idea. But maybe I should begin at the beginning.
Thanks for all the coaching, guys. I am hooked for good now. And I learned a lot in an unexpected sort of way.
(Actually, he's sucking on the anatomical equivilant of his heel, but it seems to serve the same purpose as a human baby sucking its thumb.)
Nor let us act immorally, as some of them did, and twenty-three thousand fell in one day.
the magician. Deepok Chapra is one of the most loving deceptive
Bake for approximately 15 minutes. Cake will deflate as it cools.
We had our Embassy appointment around 9:00 AM. She did so well. We waited for quite a while and she was happy to sit on my lap. She said her first English words to me. I had been telling her in a sing song voice "I love you!" over and over. She suddenly looked up at me and said "I la lu!" Pretty darn cute. Since then she's said it a lot.
And finally check out this neon pink dress I found yesterday shopping! I am completely obsessed with this dress, I just love the neon pink color!
By participating in this challenge, you may also find yourself in the Trendsetting Spotlight that shines on the TSG Blog every Thursday. We will be on the look out to find challenge cards that stand out and show Trendsetting qualities. TSG stamps are not required to participate in the challenges but are appreciated :)
I'm 90% done with Poppy's nursery. I have a few more prints to order from Etsy and a rocking chair to find and paint, finish sewing the mobile and we'll be all set (see, that was my facebook status yesterday..). I was putting things away last week, and came across an old friend, Molly. She's looking a little rough around the edges. I guess anyone would after being stuffed in a box in an attic for 15+ years. I foresee a trip to the doll hospital in her future.
Class-A Advanced: Wilmington Blue Rocks, 10-13 Second in Carolina League North Division trail Lynchburg Hillcats 13-8 by four games
Recommended for those who enjoy fusion sageuks like SungKyungKwan Scandal, beautiful settings, and hilarious secondary characters; bonus for Jung Juri fans.
Inside the store, he had to stop and allow his eyes to adjust to the darkness.
(Like -- aren't you embarrassed to put out something so patently crass and silly, & have your name on it? -- well apparently not...)
Lemon rind from one lemon
The fourth word in Roseanna by Maj Sjowall and Per Wahloo is "corpse."
Sorry about that. Point is, I haven’t been able to find a good replacement for Picnik, so things are a bit rudimentary right now. I realize that Photoshop and PaintShop Pro, etc. are excellent photo editing resources, but the thing about Picnik was you could upload 100 photos to it’s website and edit them online from anywhere. Which meant it was easy to do at work. I will never have Photoshop on my work pc so that’s the difference. Besides, we’re just talking screenshots here and not serious photography. If anyone has any suggestions for some sort of replacement, let me know.
However, it is also true that while the Hernandez had a clear interest in winning publicity with scandalous stories — a tactic that has landed her in
Three things I learnt over the weekend - my hair is in desperate need of a re-style, Paul Rudd has the most gorgeous eyes (and does anyone else think he looks a teensy bit like my 80's favourite Andrew McCarthy?), and I still can't think of a bloody title for this new book of mine! It's seriously giving me a major headache now - more so than the slightly-too-much-red-wine I had to drink on Saturday night, but those Paranormal Activity movies - for all they're a touch silly - really freaked me out a bit! I needed the drink to calm me nerves.
On a warm, sunny day the river will call to me in a bodily way to come into the water, or at least to feel it with my hands or feet. I’m sure this relationship between river and human, river and bird, river and insect, is older and more sacred than I can imagine.
1. Perverted thieves pass laws that prevent us from putting locks on the doors.
My first love was the boy next door. Literally. His name was Kirk, but I called him “Kirkee.” And for the life of me, I can’t remember his last name. He was the youngest son of the family living in the house next to our suburban Dallas cottage. I was 4 and he was 5. He was a drummer. We got caught playing doctor in the bushes and that’s one of my very first memories as a child. I was in competition for his affections with the neighborhood girl, Patty Sue. She was his age and size and I was that annoying little kid that tagged along. I had no chance. My family moved away soon after so we were parted. Star-crossed lovers, or just a crush. But, wherever he ended up, I can say I was his first groupie. Forget about Patty Sue, she didn’t rank.
The stunt itself was a load of balls. The handling of and the spin put on the stunt was a work of art.
But keep your eyes & ears open because there's more music downtown Reykjavik - Sunday night not yet scheduled.
Wow . . . I mean, wow. I wish this were uncommon, but of course it isn't. Somewhere along the way, many parents have just gone crazy. Why? I don't know. Maybe they are flying out to Omaha for a funeral. Maybe they just lost their job, or something difficult happened earlier in the day. Could be because being a parent is hard. Heck, even though I never say these kinds of things I would be lying if I said I never felt them; today is a great example. It could be a thousand things, I guess. And if these were all isolated incidents, if the parent (who is only human, after all) caught themselves, or apologized, or gave a hug or something, then maybe it would be easier for to understand and overlook. But that rarely happens. And after giving it some thought, I think it comes down to expectations and entitlement.
And then I saw this...
651 ***D-X/21/1973. “An Aristotelian Assessment of What Modern Psychiatry Offers Us.” Brent House Ecumenical Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 135-38 (1992). Included in Item D-IX/4(A)/1982, below, Appendix VIII.) See Item D-VIII/6-10/1973, above.
"No, my feet!"
Let’s look back into the Old Testament book of Exodus when the Almighty first declared His name to be Yahweh — I AM. In Exodus chapter 3, Moses is seen on the mountain of God talking to the angel of the Lord, who is speaking from a bush that appears to be burning, but it’s not being consumed. It’s here that God tells Moses that He has chosen him to return to Egypt and command Pharaoh to let the Israelites go free. To which Moses immediately begins his argument with God that he can’t go for various reasons, one of which is Moses doesn’t know God’s name. We pick up in verse 13-14:
“Easier than I expected it to be,” she said wryly.
* 1/2 oz. Blue Curacao
Just recently has been the long awaited transfer of the 7% Pandazilla cascadian dark ale. This trial batch
I don’t see and I don’t understand BUT I will trust My Heavenly Father.
and stroked his belly so smooth and strong,
Still there is one who’s aim is to confuse and bend and break,
Yarn Over hook and draw through 2 loops,
If Trump and his many hangers-on have difficulty understanding this, let me spell it out in direct Scots terms. The message from Alex Salmond and Michael Forbes, a hero of his time, is:
Tina couldn't see the harm. She had wasted enough of her younger days drinking mellow herself, today she would only sip it. And if they had wanted to poison her they had had plenty of opportunity. She sat down in the closest chair, which was several meters away. Mr. Big stood off to the side, between his boss and the woman. Taking her silence for a yes, Whisper poured Tina a glass of the cold psychotropic and held it out to his man.
So I both kind of loved and hated the ending. I loved it because I really thought it ended in a lovely way. I was thoroughly teased and left guessing at what will happen in the next novel. I also loved how it ended kind of the same way it started. (You'd just have to read it to know what I mean.) However, I'm now dying for the next book and I don't even have a clue when it is slated to release. *sigh*
Today, the UK court (Mr. Justice Floyd) rendered its decision in the Qualcomm vs Nokia case. The case in the UK is slightly different than similar fights that take place in Netherlands and Germany in that Qualcomm is suing Nokia in the UK under 2 patents (EP 0,629,324 and EP 0,695,482) both related to power control. European Patent 0,629,324 (“’324”) relates to an apparatus for controlling the way in which the mobile telephone reduces power consumption by monitoring a channel for incoming messages intermittently. The second, European Patent 0,695,482 (“ ’482”) relates to a method and device for the correction and limitation of the transmitted power of a mobile telephone.
I know I APPEAR to be more cold-hearted than most.
The butterfly flew towards PARK HA (Bu Yong’s counterpart – also played by Han Ji Min) – who is selling fruits – and lands on her shoulder. Tae Yong starts to sketch Park Ha’s face in a post card.
Theodore Sturgeon – It
Then I had every intention of getting it to them before New Year's.
Ah, SOF. I won't go into detail, cause I know you guys can't read it, but let's just say, I think this one is going to go somewhere. Like, it has a real good chance of being published (according to my ninja). So, if you see a book called Soul of Fire by Stephanie Sky, it's mine. :) But most likely I will have posted in a HUUUUUUGGGEEEE explosion of happiness if I was sent a letter from a publisher saying yes, so you'll all have fair warning.
I am haunted by this passage because my ranch stares across the Cheyenne River at Corral Draw.
Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child: If anyone ever wanted a prolife vs. prochoice horror movie, it's either this one or Rosemary's Baby. Would you want to keep a baby that might be part Freddy? Or at the same time, would you abort a baby you dream about, and he tells you how much he likes you, even if you dont' like him? It's almost heartbreaking! I get weird vibes off this one, and I can't really remember my first opinion of this one. I think this one may have been in the wrong box and we just watched it anyway.
Igniting Orange Peel Tips (be careful!)
Now I’m not saying it’s been easy. In fact, many times I’ve been tempted to pitch it in the trash-bin and start a fresh one. But, I’m too stubborn to just give up after putting so much blood, sweat, and tears into it over the past few years.
If we spent all this time/money hydrogenating… what are the advantages? The fats become less vulnerable to rancidification with fewer double bonds, and therefore are more stable and can last longer on shelves. They also don’t need to be refrigerated (see Crisco). The trans fatty acids also lay flatter and so are more often solid at room temperature (whether this is an advantage or not is up to you).
I've got a new job system. I have been through many. I've liked all of them for their time and the ages of my kids. Then I get bored and uninspired and don't follow through and I need something new. I read the book "The Entitlement Trap" by Richard and Linda Eyre and was inspired by their family economy. Our family is going to implement a system of earning, saving, and spending money based on many of the ideas they presented in their book.
Advent Calendars are always a fun way for kids to count down the days, and have something to look forward to each day before Christmas. I spotted this Advent Calendar awhile back, and instantly knew I'd be making my own. I realized this weekend though that December 1 is days away, so I had to get it in gear so my Advent Calendar would be ready to go!
For those of us who've been blogging for a while, we've been more than pleasantly surprised that the act is a reward in itself. Our blogs become a virtual studio, an open creative space, and a salon where like minds congregate. There's no impetus to succeed or stand out; in fact, it's a place to get away from all that stuff: Stretch your brain while you exercise your fingers. Manipulate thoughts into words and see if that effort translates into something beyond what you meant.
It isn't just my hunger for coherent narratives in music that drew me to Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of the Worlds. There's some weird shit going on in here, from alien-sounding sitar (?) riffs to rubbery, undulating Moogisms and beyond. It can be rambling and repetitive, sure (see video), but that's the part where you just zone out and enjoy the lazer light show in your head (or onstage, if you're attending the theatrical version -- more on that later).
It makes me ill how callously people talk about ripping their clients off. Over the last 12 months I have seen five different managing directors refer to their own clients as “muppets,” sometimes over internal e-mail. Even after the S.E.C., Fabulous Fab, Abacus, God’s work, Carl Levin, Vampire Squids? No humility? I mean, come on. Integrity? It is eroding. I don’t know of any illegal behavior, but will people push the envelope and pitch lucrative and complicated products to clients even if they are not the simplest investments or the ones most directly aligned with the client’s goals? Absolutely. Every day, in fact.
She gave me a look of puzzlement.
I haven’t read a lot of Irish crime, but I’m enjoying Stuart Neville’s latest novel STOLEN SOULS. I like his style – very pacy and kind of in-your-face. He can paint a character very quickly in few short sentences.
The drug issue is important, but it is not the only issue that the sport is facing in this country. And if we don’t begin to solve some of these other issues, the issue of drugs will become a moot point – because the sport will have become a moot point within the sporting community of this country. Put together the Coaches Registry – our KIDS need it! But also take a look at all the other issues that are on the table – our SPORT needs it! A CEO is put in place to provide leadership to the whole. We need to see some leadership.
The Massachusetts memo portrays Fairfield Greenwich as growing more aware over the course of 2008 of gaps in its knowledge of Madoff’s operations. Executives acknowledged to state regulators and to each other in internal e-mails that they couldn’t answer the increasingly probing questions of some clients. They didn’t know Madoff’s trading strategy, they knew only a handful of Madoff’s employees, and had never been allowed to see the trading floor where Madoff was allegedly buying and selling securities for their customers.
“Airport screeners act as a vital checkpoint for homeland security, and air travelers should believe in the fundamental integrity of security systems at our nation’s airports,” said United States Attorney André Birotte Jr. “The allegations in this case describe a significant breakdown of the screening system through the conduct of individuals who placed greed above the nation’s security needs.”
The look was completed with contemporary furniture supplied by M Square Lifestyle Necessities.
So here is an official declaration of my aim for the week regarding my run:
Children handle being bullied in many different ways. Those who are bullied are subject to peer pressure. Sometimes they end up doing things they really do not want to do in order to “fit in”—hoping that the bullying will stop. Those who are bullied often feel pain, fear or hurt.
This scarf is 9 pattern repeats across and 48 2-row repeats long. I used Perle Cotton in two colours for the fringe, knotting it for the lacy look. The yarn is 100% merino sport weight, in a discontinued brand, but any soft yarn of any weight would work well.
The best part of our anniversary is realizing that because we married, and were sealed in the temple, we have the potential to live together forever. THAT is a tremendous blessing.
That's it. Ask yourself, "Would I be upset if my blog and all I uploaded to it was lost forever?",
Port guiding his Bulldogs to Omaha was a godsend for both the local and national media in 1990, as he gave scribes and TV commentators all the material they wanted and then some. Just a sample:
As a sewer, I was very attracted to the dressmakers form. I learned to sew at age 4. Yes, no kidding, I really did. I used to carry a needle and thread and fabric scraps around in a fabric covered cigar box to sew clothes for my Barbie doll. I sewed my first Maxi Dress in 1968 while in the 4th grade. I sewed all my own clothes until it became cheaper to buy them myself sometime in the late 1980's.
**Bonnie a Shihtzu cross breed, saved by Doggie Rescue in Sydney. Photo: Peter Rae via SMH**
Jordan also knows that the only reason he's even in the college is to play hockey. So he feels that if he doesn't give it 150%, then he lets down someone that had faith in him--enough faith to save him. Using the particle collider is really his only hope to succeed in his quest, so this is a pretty big deal.
The Faustian Host is actually my third novel, but the first to be published. I've spent the past ten years trying to pitch several novels, screenplays, short stories, dirty jokes, etc. with no success. After several failed attempts, I decided to try my hand at a young adult novel - something my kids might want to read.
My most recent knitting project - a little hat for my friend Polly who is a mere days away from popping out kid #2, a girl. Very exciting!
And, so I wonder how many other things are working the way they are supposed to in my life, yet I'm fighting them. And, I wonder if I can wrap my head around the idea enough to live more and stress less.
* I don’t cry easily
I'm am most impressed with the music teachers though. For one they are dedicated people who think of the students first and foremost. The band teacher was professional and likable. I could tell the students really look up to him and take music seriously. The chorus teacher is A-okay in my book too. The student's really support him and give their all. I'll tell you it must be hard to teach a music class while being blind, but Mr. Z does. The teachers and students love him and it shows. After tonight's performance I can see why.
Strong.
There’s deployment, turn-based actions that you would expect of a SRPG. Attacks are executed 1 on 1 style where if you attack an enemy it would be just like a battle between the 2, with the attacker having the preemptive. However, after choosing either a normal attack or a skill you have no control over the ensuing mini-battle. The battle will be one-sided, ie the player is the only one attacking with the opponent doing nothing but taking the hits, if the opponent is unable to fight back. For example melee to range and vice versa etc etc.
You’d possibly visit a quintessentially British store, such as Boots the chemist, Selfridges or Harrods, before having a proper English tea at the Savoy, Fortnum & Mason or the Dorchester.
No dainty rhymes or sentimental love verses for you terrible year,
I've been told these on more than one occasion:
My mom has been talking all week about a new recipe she was going to try out for our dessert for Easter. I didn't pay a whole lot of attention, because as many of you know I have been working out at The Fitness Center really hard and doing Weight Watchers and have lost 40 lbs. I try not to 'think' too much about desserts these days. LOL!
Anyway, there I was staring at it, wondering if it was radioactive when Jennifer hurried back out of her room, picked it up, looking rather embarrassed, switched off its vibrating and hurried back into her room with it and the laptop she’d hurriedly shut down before dashing from the room when I’d come home unexpectedly five minutes before.
1In these deep solitudes and awful cells,
(A)
Gwynne Chow Tuan, Fundraiser
Maybe once enough of these lying bastards are exposed, they’ll finally begin to publicly support the rights of women they patronize in private.
The Highclere Castle, located in Newbury England, has been home to the Carnarvon family since the 17th century. The current castle which was used for Downton Abbey, was designed by Sir Charles Barry in 1842. Barry also designed the Houses of Parliament in Westminster. The Castle is classic Gothic Revival which had its zenith in popularity in the mid-19th century.
6:00pm – 8:00pm – $20
This is a bug I’ve had in my bonnet for some time, and the quote from Pritchett which I came across recently only gave me the impetus to write about it. My friends have been hearing me hold forth on the subject for longer than they would care to remember. What I had on my mind more recently, though, was something similar with regard to poetry. I made the mistake of buying the Oxford Book of English Verse a few years back. It has in it some of the world’s best poetry, of course, but it also has a great deal, perhaps most of it, that is decidedly second-rate. But that was not the thing that struck me when reading through the contents more or less at random. My revelation was not that there was a great deal of mediocre poetry produced and passed off as first first-rate over the centuries, but that the very best poems themselves contain mediocre, and sometimes worse, lines which no English teacher I ever had pointed out as such.
Cheney was on the transplant waiting list for more than 20 months. He suffered his fifth heart attack in 2010…. – WaPo, 3-24-12
The Lord is blessing me with clean hands.
Do you have a garage like mine - by the way ?? I daren't let one of my cats in there, as he a recluse and extremely good at hiding. There is so much stuff,( waiting for " make-overs" or just because " it might come in handy" he once stayed there for months and you couldn't find him .
I (like to) make old clothes comes to life. Not buying new clothes did nonetheless mean I could continue indulging in my love of buying from charity and vintage clothes shops. There’s something really exciting about knowing that a piece of clothing has a story behind it, is cheaper than its original price and has potentially been saved from landfill. The only problem is that most people are turned off buying second hand because of the smell, it may not fit properly or more often than not, hasn’t been displayed in a way that they can relate to.
Cut each cake in half. Place cheese cake layer in the middle of the cake. Once each cake is assembled, pop in the freezer for 10 minutes.
2. I got a haircut.
And like with any film, it had its heartaches and uphill battles. But, what survives is the final product. And I think the final product is a really fun film that’s cleverly shot. It had a pretty successful festival run and was a milestone in my career. Check it out below!
The visit came as the Pentagon released an Afghanistan war progress report that highlights “both long-term and acute challenges” of the conflict, and warns that the Taliban and their al-Qaida allies “still operate with impunity from sanctuaries in Pakistan.”
It is worth spending a little time on this whole concept and experience of “enough.” I am a classic “never enough-er,” according to Jack Lee Rosenburg, founder of Integrative Body Psychotherapy. I am a person who just doesn’t know how much is enough. Correction….I WAS a person like that. That was the way that I functioned in the world.
Step 1: Measure your window. My window was 34” wide so I added an extra two inches on each side and made sure I had a 38” wide piece of fabric. The length of it is up to you and how many folds you want to make. I made my piece 60” long.
I slaved this weekend over creating a digital mock up for my parents' surprise 60th birthday party. So glad everything is designed. With the holidays and everything around the corner there's just no way I'd get around to doing it until after the New Year. I wanted to get designing them out of the way so all I have left to do is print, cut, assemble, and mail. It's such a huge check. Now I can take my time with the rest. I also picked out the red and black cardstock, they each have a metallic tint to them. LOVE! I'm still shopping for damask patterns for the main invite backing and deciding if and where I should add rhinestones.
Great advice!
I myself had the 3am wakeup call many years ago. It suddenly hit me that I was going to die one day and there wasn’t anything I could do about it. Freaked me out if I'm honest. So I made a vow to myself to grab life with both hands, shake it around a little, and then maybe even give it a little affectionate pinch on the cheek.
River Plate
A for Anything Goes….a nice easy one for you all ….
1. Less is more.
I am up against history. Andrew has a sixteen-year lifetime of opinions, choices and decisions made for him, by him or with him. That’s a long time. It makes for a stubborn standstill when combined with hardheaded adolescence. I cannot put a price tag on our choices, but I can acknowledge that I require a bit of understanding for why were are doing what we are doing and why it matters before I swipe the card for another grocery trip. That is what it’s worth to me.
I went to work for a while this morning then came home to work here. I had a craving for McDonalds. Carole followed me right down that muddy path and we both ate it. We’re a bad combination in that way for each other. But today I’ll be glad that she doesn’t and I don’t drink or smoke any more. We haven’t for a long time.
200 gm Hot water
This was a little add in to one of the QVC Tarte bundles. I hadn't used it because, like hair oils, I was nervous about dousing my face with oil. I know that there are oils that can do wonders for dry skin, so I threw caution to wind and gave this a try. LOVE. I've been using this every other night and my skin has never felt so soft. This oil isn't heavy, and absorbs quite quickly. While this is just a mini bottle, it is lasting a very long time and a little bit goes a long way.
A crew member from their under-the-sea-spaceship has encountered something that has rendered them unconscious. The leads of the movie are in trauma mode. They are doctors and scientists. The only people who can save this crew member (it may have been Queen Latifah) from meeting her maker.
Who would have thought we would see the best racing of the season at Kansas? Certainly not I. The STP 400 @ Kansas ended up being a quick, but good race overall. The most action of course was on the restarts. But it was also good to see the leader get ran down in the final laps of the race.
Not a lot to report on the food front for Thursday. We went to Bayonne with some friends to search for a replacement part for our expresso machine. Actually, it was both a positive and negative experience because the agency for our machine turned out to be a repair shop for anything electrical. The positive is to find somewhere that repairs things in this throw-away world and the negative is that we have already thrown away a perfectly good microwave oven and a Miele cleaner because we thought we couldn’t get them repaired.
Anywho, those of you who know me, know that this is driving me BONKERS, but, I kinda sorta feel like I really need to... This town is just a titch too small. :) In a good way.
Iran, as these psychopaths like to point out, is isolated from the world. Well that is not nearly the reality, as it still carries on very active trade with Russia, India, China and Japan, not to mention close relations with a large host of South American leaders, to include the critical Brazilians and Argentinians. In truth Iran is only isolated from the Western financial institutions.
Getting in my car I turned toward home looking forward to some lunch and a safe sanctuary where I couldn’t hurt anyone. Driving down the back road by the dam I turned a corner and came on a sign reading “Road Closed”. Are you kidding me? I could feel my two pounds of shrimp thawing in the trunk. Turning to the right I followed the detour signs through the back hills for about 8 miles and finally came out on the same road about 100 feet on the other side of the location of the original “Road Closed” sign.
After the show, the lovely Emma (thank you!) handed us press passes to the final show of the day of Style Birmingham Live at Birmingham Town Hall which is hosted by the always dapper, George Lamb.
My favorite time reading about John, however, was when he met up with his friends at Mickey D’s. Most of the time, he’s pretty mature. But in this scene, he’s so adorably 19-years-old.
When the dough easily detaches from the sides of the bowl, take it out, dust it with a little flour, shape it into a ball and leave it to rest, well covered, until it doubles in size. In warm weather this will take 1 1/2 to 2 hours, allow a little longer if it’s cold..
2-You paid all your bills on time.
Anyway, then every time the little kids would go away, he'd say, "Byyyyyyyye!" and then I'd see this:
Heat up a nonstick pan, add a little oil. When hot, add in cut shrimps, pan-fry until almost cook. Add in a scoop of the starch mixture. Let it set a bit. Stir-fry to one side, break in an egg, break the yolk, add in chopped scallion, dried chives and white pepper. Stir-fry the egg with the starch mixture. You can let the side slightly crisp up. Serve with Thai's sweet chili sauce. Like 1st and 2nd pictures.
But wait! There are some female characters in the book! Maybe it is one of them? narrator's love interest - who is black, and has short hair? No. His sister - a serious academic writer, just shy of fifty, given to smart suits? No. His elderly mother? No. The strange, reclusive old lady who holds a secret about his father's past? No. The friendly, overweight undertaker who favours elasticated slacks? No.
1 viewed
Syurin, having heard the commotion and Mal’haran’s roar and subsequent miniature earthquake, entered the room. With haste, he took Mal’haran’s hand and began to clean the blood off of it. The servant had entered the room with a bundle of robes that were now on the floor in disarray. He grabbed the nearest robe and tore strips of cloth from it that he used to wrap Mal’haran’s bloody fist.
Data Retrieval Technology v. Sybase, Inc. et al., No. 3-08-cv-05481 (N.D. Ca., Nov. 8, 2010)
The answer hit us just before Christmas - and has been taking shape since then.
8 oz. walnuts, very finely ground
The Hogwarts Gates, from Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, look like something straight out of Hammer Horror, no doubt they would have looked right at home in Radcliffe’s first post-Potter outing, The Woman in Black. Rather than that though it was more a case of The Bloke in the Green Coat when I stood in front of them, I did have my glasses on as well so that must at least count for something!
Those people are full of shit. They would probably also choke on their words if I ever went and found them in their stuffy offices and shoved my Master’s degree in their faces. Alas, that’s neither here nor there, just don’t listen to those people. Back to my theories.
The treatment results in a beer of subtle flavour, and sometimes of deceptive alcoholic strength. The very light mild flavour is popular with the ladies. Lagers are refrigerated, most carefully filtered and can be served ice-cold without any risk of clouding or hazing.
Long live the Queen!
The Aussie Dollar has rallied strongly over the course of the last week. Indeed over the past few weeks we have had the Aussie test and hold important Fibonacci support in the 1.0220/40 region a couple of times and closed the week closing in on 1.05.
She wiggled excitedly on the couch as she sat in front of the beautiful pale pink velvet box. It had come this morning with a note that read; Open at 7:00 p.m. All day she had watched it, willing it to whisper to her of what might be inside. He had seemed angry with her the night before and told her she would be sorry for her greediness, so the present was completely unexpected. She went about her day, doing everything that needed to be done, but always the pink box drew her, pulled at her. At 6:45 she sat trembling in panties that were soaked in the juices of anticipation. Pulling the box onto her lap she looked at the clock again. She could feel him watching the clock with her. Knew he would be smiling right now in his perverse joy at her barely there patience and his confidence in her restraint. Finally the last minute dragged by and she slowly lifted the lid and pushed aside the hot pink tissue paper.
When the “L” frames first came out as a medium sized pistol, the grips were from the smaller “K” frame. "My friend" had bigger hands, like mine and changed the grips out for a “N” frame set (over-sized).
Marilia also has a blog, or should I say more than one?
You know, 'cause I'm made of money.
Mario loves his sports. There have been games such as Mario Golf, Mario Baseball, Mario Basketball and Mario Soccer. I would not be surprised to see Mario Volleyball. Let’s not forget about Mario Tennis either which makes #2 on my list. Mario Tennis is not like regular tennis. Sorry to say but, tennis on television is pretty boring. Two people hit a little, green ball back and forth over a net until someone misses. That is not very exciting at all, but when you add Mario and his gang to the mix, it is a lot of fun. Mario Tennis has backhands and even drop shots. It still stays true to the game of tennis, but for some reason it is a lot more fun than real tennis. It is faster paced and playing doubles with a friend makes it even more exciting. Mario Tennis for the N64 was fun, but Mario Power Tennis for the GameCube is a lot better. In the GameCube version, players have a special shot that adds a whole new element to the game. Take Diddy Kong for instance. When you use his special shot he will automatically go to the ball and hit is back. It is not your normal return though, he puts a crazy banana shaped curve on the ball, making it hard to hit back. This game takes tennis to the next level. I sometimes wish real life tennis was exciting like it is in Mario Tennis.
shot through torpedo veins.
What do you girls do when everything is done & ready?
“Right now, there’s no good evidence stem cells can do the job,” senior author Dr. Victor Dzau, a James B. Duke professor of medicine and chancellor of health affairs at Duke University, told FoxNews.com.
By now, you'll know how much I love all the images from La La Land Crafts. I can't rave enough about the fab deep etching on the stamps, giving a lovely, crisp image, every single time. This is Mod Marci, she's one of the newer releases which may well turn up in store, very shortly! Watch this space, that's all I'm saying...
Stephenie Meyer started her Twilight series from a dream! (The meadow scene in the first book, correct me if I’m wrong)
The characters in this book basically run around seeing who can balance the most apples on their heads. They get chased by angry bears and hungry birds who are all trying to take the apples. It's all very tense - Who will balance the most apples?? Will the bears get the apples with the deadly mop?? Will the birds eat the apples?? - at least until the end of the book when all of the animals conveniently crash into a huge apple cart, there is a huge apple explosion, and everybody (even the birds) ends up with ten apples on the head and a big smile on the face.
The measure targeting funding for Planned Parenthood for non-abortion services was one of several approved by Arizona’s Republican-led Legislature related to contentious reproductive health care issues during a 116-day session that ended Thursday. Brewer is a Republican.
I was excited about this event from the moment I heard the words 'Lost Boys cast'. It was fun seeing Edward Herrmann and other cast members. It also made me think of Corey Haim. I loved him in all of his movies! It's still sad to think about what happened to him...
The Transatlantic Counterjihad movement has represented several NGOs at OSCE roundtables and conferences. At these events it is possible to raise issues of importance, counter misuse of human right laws and conventions, submit papers to the official OSCE archives and forge alliances with other NGOs as well as representatives from the participating states.
Eternity's breath blows past and shakes you
An irritating cross between Die Hard and Saw 2. One New Years' Eve, a disparate gang of bickering bastards meet for a secret party as organised by an unknown source. There are party balloons, nursery rhymes and cake and everything. No booze though, which they should have taken as the first sign to get the fuck outta there. But the piteous fools don't get outta there, and soon find themselves hunted by the party's host - a sinister psychopath wearing sparkly gloves and a metal-looking skull mask.
I’d ask for a show of hands to prove my point, but that would be: a) foolish, since I have no way of seeing you; b) unproductive, because my mind is made up, and once my mind is made up about something, getting me to change it is like trying to get me to ask for directions; and c) disastrous, because my fragile psyche is barely holding on as is, and the last thing I need is further proof of my literary anonymity.
2. Have Team Members Teach Back – Whenever a team member attends a function where learning occurs (e.g. a seminar, workshop, course), have them summarize their learning at your next team meeting. This will reinforce their learning and grow the team at the same time.
“The big stork dropped you off on the front porch!”
It’s easy to imagine that in the future, 3D printing will enable people to be creative and express themselves in entirely new ways. Just as color inkjet printing opened the door for consumers to use photos and images in creative new applications, I could envision people using 3D printing to design unique, personalized items such as jewelry, eyeglasses or other accessories.
“It’s an American solution to an American problem,” Klein said in a phone interview. “Competition and choice have the greatest potential to stimulate innovation.”
Poor but bolshy governess Jane (Mia Wasyacallit, or possibly Wasikowska) flees the dark, brooding Thornfield Hall and its dark, brooding occupant, Mr Rochester (Michael Fassbender). She trudges across dark, brooding and very wet moors until she collapses at the door of a clergyman, St John Rivers (Jamie Bell). (Who is not an actual saint, as evidenced by the fact that he’s alive. The name is pronounced ‘Singin’, as in singin’ your eyebrows, not as in singin’ in the rain.) St John, despite his suitably damp surname, is clearly not dark and brooding enough to be the romantic interest here.
I think that happens to us a lot more than we are aware of.
: Can’t tell – 25.93%
The ensuing year and a half after this first release saw the band (many of whose members were still in high school) continue to mature, ditching the stage make up and honing its sound. The Deadbeats cut two more singles, both of which had the same pairing: "No Second Chance" b/w "Why Did You". The first recording of these songs was another characteristically muddy Richmond Sound Stages production with an extremely small press run (possibly 100). Think of it as a rough draft for what was about to come.
For Consignment Sale I got 6 new pairs of Circo shorts, boys Children's Place Shoes, infant onesies, Ralph Lauren skort, puzzle, 4th of July outfit, and 2 long sleeve shirts for fall sale.
1½oz Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey
All art, whether its music, painting, writing, sculpting - anything created from the soul does one thing. *He hesitates as his eyes drift to the place his mind goes when he writes his music.* It gently embraces emotion, something that in reality cannot be seen, touched, heard - something that none of our senses can grasp. In that embrace the artist molds their work into their expression, their interpretation of that emotion, and when it is complete the emotion is not imprisoned in that work...it’s defined. Others can hear it, see it, read it and feel what the artist felt, and when they do that, they relate that emotion to something in their life. They understand that they are not alone, that every soul faces emotions that can either rip you into, or lift you to the heavens. As an artist I find inspiration by just breathing. I find it on a long drive, flight, I find it when I’m with my friends, I find it when I’m thinking of the girl I can’t seem to live without, I find it when I fight my demons. What I do create, the sound, the lyrics, can never truly express how deep my emotions run, but....it opens the door for others, just enough for them to take what is going on in their life and relate, then find the courage to embraced every emotion, both good and bad. Knowing how your love life turned out, who would you want to pair your brother with?
8. Too Hot
I don’t know if my number of rounds is correct. I did the workout by myself, with nobody to yell to – to keep track. I swear I lost count. I eventually started putting tick marks on the board. I might have done another round…or two. was so out of it. I can’t workout and keep count! I scaled the clean and jerk to 95lbs to give my shoulders a rest. only after not warming up and seeing how 115lbs felt. I think that’s been my main problem resulting in injury…not warming up properly. I really should have skipped the WOD and done my own thing as planned…or I should have just taken the day off period. the 20 minute AMRAP lured me in since I was pressed for time. now my shoulders are killing me, and I managed to injure my knee some time during the workout. the same knee that’s been bothering me. I failed to pack my knee brace in my bag, and I worked out without it. I can’t help but wonder if wearing it would have prevented injury. I definitely prefer working out in the morning, before work, to working out after a long days work!
Benny Goodman Orchestra--Sing, Sing, Sing
I did it!! I did it! Two things on my list for 2011 to try are, tshirt vinyl and glass etching. I'm still scared of etching, so I tackled tshirts first. All I can say is, I am HOOKED!!! This was so much fun. I owe all this excitement to my friends Nicole @ Creative Delights by Nicole and NubianCrafterNC. These ladies are my vinyl Sheroes!!!
A “We’ll be just fine”
We always make sure to have lots of fun today, with a lot of activities, some old, some new! This year I came across this great printable, so I cut out the hearts and strung them on our kitchen shelves!
But wait…Betty Friedan? The author of The Feminine Mystique? Who so blatantly ignored the problems of low-income women and women of color, and even referred to lesbians as “the lavender menace?” Yes. Believe it or not, Betty Friedan was a huge part of the labor feminist movement prior to writing The Feminine Mystique. So it’s only fitting that I should begin my series by explaining the complex history behind the woman considered to be the mother of Second Wave feminism.
Well, I guess that's enough for now... I'll have to get back on the John Deere tractor and mow some more... as that is some of my best thinkin' time... just like plowing and working ground was when I was growing up. Do you carry you gun while doing yard work? Ooops... couldn't help myself.
I said sure why not!
Had real accounting standards been at work, they likely would have prevented the banksters from walking away with fortunes while they built financial instruments of mass destruction.
Day one was probably the toughest. By the time dinner rolled around, I was already "done" with raw veggies. In fact, I wasn't upset in the slightest when someone came over to help me finish my dinner.
I've been a bad blogger. I guess not having changed scenery in a while could be contributing to that. As J and I ended up staying in Paris for les grandes vacances (I had to finish my thesis, he had to work), I've felt very uninspired. Luckily we have 3 upcoming trips: Rome, Dublin, and a château somewhere in France. J got me a smartbox for our anniversary and he chose an "invitation gastronomique au château" because a) I LOVE food and b) I love castles. I basically get to pick any château listed in the catalog and we will spend a weekend (eating) there. Can't wait!
34. Pop a Top -- Jim Ed Brown/Alan Jackson
13. Bloodflowerz - Damaged Promises
of the English language?
I love reallygoodstuff.. but spending $200 on something he can make for under $100 is just not right!! He's making it right now, then we have to paint it. It should be done in the next 24 hours :) Soooo excited!! I'll definitely post pictures when its done! Happy Sunday evening!
And there you have it. I’ll keep my eye out for further treasures, and in the meantime, if any of you happen to come across any of my missing sketchbooks please let me know, or at the very least scan the good stuff and send me a copy.
Our understanding and our attitude toward God can change. But one thing for sure, we cannot change God. If changes are to be made, they must be made in us. God does not change. He cannot get better. He does not need to improve. No such weakness exists in God. His perfection makes Him worthy of our praise.
RAND was set up in 1946 by the United States Army Air Forces as Project RAND, under contract to the Douglas Aircraft Company, and in May 1946 they released the Preliminary Design of an Experimental World-Circling Spaceship. In May 1948, Project RAND was separated from Douglas and became an independent non-profit organization. Initial capital for the split came from the Ford Foundation.
Oh! I accept cabinet donations. LOL The machine works on any surface but is too strong for any plastic table. I noticed the hard way. After just a couple hours of sewing, I have a dented plastic table to prove it.
“Cluck, cluck,” he said. Bantum, however, was busy with his own thoughts at the time, all one of them, and so he missed the brilliant chicken’s scholarly commentary entirely.
I remember a time when I had... time. Time and energy to write blog posts. Why, that must have been, let me see, back in February. And now we're in April. Gosh that seems like a long time ago.
and grokked the energies for real. Such a filling of knowing.
I scarfed down my wings and headed for the door. Wending my way through the tight crowd, I passed a (way too) young man who leaned in and whispered in my ear as I passed.
The information is drawn from Unforgettable French, which uses memory tricks to teach and reinforce major points of French grammar from the basics up to GCSE level, to learners of all ages.
so this is my first christmas/winter in NYC. to be honest, I am a little upset it hasn't snowed at all. except that one time in october...regardless I expected to be ankle high in snow by now. but what do I know, I'm a california girl.
Well, I tried it, as it was free.
Accion America, a small Dallas-based group formed to protest restrictive laws proposed in Farmers Branch and Irving, threatened to file a class-action lawsuit against the county on behalf of vehicle owners.
Can the caffeine
67. If you save one penny and double it every successive day, (day two you have 2 pennies and day three you have 4 pennies, and so on), by the end of 30 days you’ll have $5,368,708! (or £’s or whatever currency).
Kelly was married to Betsy Blair for 15 years (1941–1957) and they had one child, Kerry. Kelly divorced Blair in 1957. In 1960, Kelly married his choreographic assistant Jeanne Coyne, who had divorced Stanley Donen in 1949 after a brief marriage. He remained married to Coyne from 1960 until her death in 1973 and they had two children, Bridget and Tim. He was married to Patricia Ward from 1990 until his death in 1996.
That blasted buffalo, my bike and I.
Well then let me reply you... I care about so many sufferings, which one should I give $10 for? Should it be for pediatric cancer research, for cancer on kids is surely one of the saddest things to happen to anyone? Or for the starving in Somalia? No, I'd rather give $410 to my grandma.
On the military:
Zulily.com states the following:
So let everyone you've literally ever met know that P&P is free for one more day. Help me devour the competition, to lay waste to their villages and to hear the lamentation of their women! Also, I wanna hit #1 in Contemporary Fiction. And in the Free Kindle Store.
There was no room for argument,his tone said don't push me. I'm not stupid. I knew the smart thing to do but I made the mistake of looking at my friend. His eyes met mine and he had this funny look on his face. I decided I couldn't let him actually watch me submit. And no,he doesn't know of our dd relationship. My stubbornness kicked into high gear. I pulled my arm away and told Jack to leave.
I am grateful that I realized how many aspects of health are impacted by food. It has shaped and will continue to shape how I look at food, both in the context of FeelGood and in my everyday life.
I'm working on a b'day gift for my MIL, so can't show it just yet, but hope to be back on here again soon!
"You Give Me Fever" by The McCoys
freighted with tiny print?
It’s easy to understand the confusion, since the words sound alike and in spoken English it sometimes seems natural to drop the ‘d‘ from the verb ‘banded‘ and pronounce it ‘band‘ (or ‘banned‘). People just need to be more careful about it in print.
Seminar title: (Maths + Technology) x Innovative Practice = Inspired Learners.
DEALER: It helps.
The question: WTF??? Has this happened to you? I’ve heard of characters commandeering a story and taking it in unexpected directions, but I have not heard before of an entire story forcing its way out like this. It’s kind of fun, don’t get me wrong — especially because it’s kind of a cool story (since I feel like I’m channeling it from somewhere else, I can say that, right?). But it’s just weird. And I keep thinking that I should get back to my malingering YA novel or get back to work on that other book I’ve had in my head for years. Or the new idea I had recently which I’m also really excited about. (I really wish I could just write all day. Damned job and life responsibilities.)
Let’s say she finds a broken vase in the house, and wants to find out who broke it. She goes to my room, and she DOESN’T ask “Jaja did you break the vase?” She says, “You broke the vase!”
that, she began to get well – she was healed! Not from cancer – because she didn’t
Jeff and Mindy McKay are young, attractive and willing to stop at nothing to have it all - even if it means murdering Mindy's little sister, Jenny, to collect her part of an enormous inheritance. With Jenny out of the way, Jeff and Mindy can begin to enjoy luxury beyond their wildest dreams...
(Lewis tried not dying his hair the other week; I told him it really wasn’t a success.)
7: An Experimental Mutiny Against Excess–This one is blowing up in Christian circles…it’s kind of the new “it” book. Of course I have to jump on board. Also, I’ve heard good things about it. As someone who is always into the idea of living simply, I’m excited to see Jen Hatmaker’s observations. Plus, I’m into the idea of “experiments” with trying to literally live out the commands of Jesus.
*Polonez Parcel quotes are live only for Czech Republic and Ukraine in the shipping calculator. We have to do a manual quote based on the numbers above if you want to ship to other country. That can be done through special request you place on your account. Or you can calculate it yourself from the table above.
“If that’s the case,” Tate spoke up, “we need to get on the radio and call for help.”
Split the eggs in 2 bowls. Mix the egg yolks with the liqueur. Ground the chocolate and mix it with the ground almond. Melt the butter in the microwave and add it to the chocolate-almond mix.
B wants to show the animals a trick
AND PLEASE, GET RID OF THE WORD VERIFICATION!!!!! Instructions on how to do this is on my side bar, click on the link!!!! I need new glasses and until I can get them, that word verification is killing my vision!!
I haven’t been a good blogger this week. It’s Wednesday, and my planned Sunday evening post about planting still isn’t done.
“Then they that gladly received his word were baptised; and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.”
5. Use the right sized pots for your burners. If you use too big of a pot or pan on a small burner, it will take too much energy to heat it up all the way. (Plus, who wants to wait that long?)
“We are based in O’Shea’s Irish Bar on Whitworth Street in the Centre of Manchester. 5 minute walk from Piccadilly Railway Station.”
"The curiosities of ale & beer" by John Bickerdyke, 1886 , pages 336 - 338.
Every month, you will have a chance to participate in weekly challenges, with each weekly sketch you enter, that will give you an entry in the draw to win our monthly prize. So complete 1 sketch you get 1 entry, complete 3 sketches and you get 3 entries!
the night, the one we just couldn’t
No worries, the No Slippy Hair Clippy® store has you covered! We offer a wide range of adorable hair accessories in various shades of white to make your daughter look and feel crisp and cool even on the warmest of days.
The last sentence is, perhaps, the most extraordinary of Brodhead’s entire address, and, indeed, one of the most extraordinary statements I have ever seen a university president make. The president of a major research university, in a formal address to his university’s faculty, expressed regret—deeming it an “insult”—that research from his own university’s faculty (research whose accuracy he did not challenge) was included in an amicus brief for a critical case before the Supreme Court.
SHANGAI
Social Security Disability recently sent me a packet saying that my Permanent Disability has to be re-evaluated. They send me a questionnaire to fill out. In one section it asks me to list the dates of anytime that I have seen a Dr. related to my disability along with what medications they prescribed, what procedures were done, what they said to me, etc.
South of us near my home town got 10 inches of snow....is that crazy or what???
bedroom tv up and running
I got home way before Garrison would wake up. Before I got in I rode the elevator with the neighbor next door. Or one of them. The guy that was arguing. He looked tired Sunken eyes and messed up dark hair. Tall and slouched.
He fell in love, married, had his heart broken, and married twice again. While he bared his soul in his songs, I watched from afar. His name was never in the tabloids.
I'm sorry if you don't know what Go-Go Juice is... and believe me if you don't that's totally ok! I have a guilty pleasure...BAD TV. So I was watching some TLC and there was a program on...and well Go-Go Juice was brought up... oh my oh my! But anyway it was the inspiration for this card :)
5) paint with your finish color and let dry
If you guessed the liberal arts college, you’d be right! Liberal arts colleges require their students to look at the bigger picture of their own academic interests, to see how those individual pieces connect to the larger whole so that they can make educated and informed decisions and influence change. Just as it’s good to learn about other equestrian disciplines so that you can develop a better understanding of your own, the college that you select should encourage you to take the same approach to your schoolwork.
There were also students in attendance, many brought to the festivities by their teachers. Let's hope they got their permission slips signed first! This so-called "solidarity" is bogus because many of the students don't know why they are there or what they are protesting. Being teenagers, they just jumped at the chance to play hooky and hang out with their friends at a rally:
You can't get creative, unless there are constraints.
Even when things “go wrong,” our minds are “hardwired” to figure a way to find the silver lining in every cloud. That can range all the way from denying that a cloud exists, to insisting that it is the best possible cloud that could be encountered. Some scientists are convinced if we didn’t have this predisposition, which they have even tracked to control centers in certain parts of the brain, all of mankind would be in perpetual depression.
I went to dm again and found those lovely nail fashion stickers.
Portions are generous and our host is ever-smiling. The cuisine seems to have nuances of Lebanese and Indian which meld surpisingly well.
Occasionally I meander into a friend that gets this about me. Liz, for example, recently spotted a sandwich on the ground and told me "Ooo, Lori, you'd better take a picture of that." "You're right. I better."
3 say
I couldn't be happier that you're all going to get to read Michelle's books, and I can confirm that she likes a stalker almost as much as I do, so here's her blog and right here is twitter
These kind know no shame. They will assault you with the same emotionless characters time after time, the same tired plot, and equipped with every literary mistake known to man…they will slaughter you. The reader does not feel transported, nor do they laugh or cry along with the ensemble of cast.
She graduated with Honours, and won the medal for the best student in her year. When she told me, I must confess; I wanted to take that medal back to her primary school, and make each of the teachers who’d dismissed that little girl as “stupid” eat it.
It can be argued that we are seeing a similar moral inexactitude in relation to the Iraq War where senior government ministers, including the prime minister, will happily ignore the advice of experienced international lawyers at the Foreign Office in favour of the shifting sands views of the Attorney-General. Lord Bingham, a former Lord Chief Justice, stated the other day that in his view (a view shared by many lawyers) the Iraq War was illegal. Never was it more clear the distinction between Doves and Hawks – but in this case, the Hawks appear to be prepared to ignore the existence of international law because the law is ‘finely balanced’ and, more important, there is no Court to determine the issue. It seems that we are also prepared to compromise our ethico-moral and legal position in relation to torture by being ‘complicit’ in the activities of American military torturers.
highest elected official is the county sheriff. We will restore lawful
Grate the butter on the large holes of a box grater and mix into flour with two butter knifes or pastry cutter.
Even better, anything in the 'For your home' section can be purchased at 15% OFF in time for spoiling Mum by entering 'MUM' at the checkout!
He will also only drink cheap, “cool” beer like Pabst Blue Ribbon. The cheaper the can, the better. It’s hip to drink beer that tastes like stale, warm urine. He may encourage political debate and speak freely about why drugs need to be legalized. Stay away from this guy unless you have an Urban Hip-tionary with you. His drink of choice is PBR beer and he doesn’t do shots. Instead, he will be dropping acid in the bathroom to “broaden” his mind.
I still have a little more to do on the shirt, but I'll post more later
“In a strange way, I had fallen in love with my depression. Dr. Sterling was right about that. I loved it because I thought it was all I had. I thought depression was the part of my character that made me worthwhile. I thought so little of myself, felt that I had such scant offerings to give to the world, that the one thing that justified my existence at all was my agony.”
Today we link up in thought and prayer to send our love and energy outward from us to three of our beloved Prayer Registry children: Ruby J. Bodiford who passed on May 2, 2011, Shaun Ray Davis who passed on May 2, 2011, and Summer Louise Baldock who passed on May 2, 1998.
Maybe I’m harping on about it, but it hardly seems like a fitting opener to a double album from one of the biggest rock bands while at the height of their success – before anyone imagined how bad the Spaghetti Incident? could be, or how long it would take for Chinese Democracy to arrive (surely the Beijing bookies were taking bets on which one would come first – the album or actual democracy).
Show my kids I love them by providing ROUTINE.
Natural sources of vitamin D include:
Friday 17.12.2010 Day 351
Which sudarshana chakra does the story refer to?
So where do we begin? With ourselves, of course. How many of us have daily habits that harm us as individuals, whether it is lack of sleep and exercise or too much food and television? Imagine if we could just stop one of those habits and replace it with new a one that could drive change—and achieve better results? (Like reading instead of watching television or exercising first thing in the morning and going to bed earlier instead of maintaining irregular sleep.)
Besides being here, he is now. Besides being concretely real in our world, he, our answer, is also in our story, our history. Our story is also his-story. The answer is not a timeless truth but a once-for-all catastrophic event, as real as the stories in today’s newspapers.
As Yates and Sir James go downstairs, the butler is admitting the police, who have arrived in response to Sir James Hamlin's request. Sir James introduces the policemen to Colonel Yates, saying he will explain the situation to them; Sir James himself is too distraught.
A few years further into my childhood, an event occurred that fanned my fever into an irreversable inferno. The occasion responsible was my first fishing trip. I was spending time with my maternal grandparents in Victor, Iowa, near Interstate 80. I don’t remember for sure, but either they thought it was time to give me a proper initiation into the angling fraternity, or else I just bugged them to death until they finally gave in–most likely the latter.
~Cheryl Dolby~
M.A.M.S.,M.I.G.O.F.(Germany),
It is said, indeed, that the Turks are, among themselves, faithful and friendly and careful to tell the truth. I believe that, and I think that they probably have more fine virtues in them than that. No man is so bad that there is not something good in him. Now and then a woman of the streets has good qualities that scarcely ten honorable matrons have. So the devil would have a cloak and be a fair angel, an angel of light; therefore he hides behind certain works, that are works of the light. Murderers and robbers are more faithful and friendly to each other than neighbors are, nay, more so than many Christians. For if the devil keeps the three things – lies, murder, and disregard of marriage – as the real foundation of hell, he can easily tolerate, nay, help, that fleshly love and faithfulness shall be built upon it, as precious stones (though they are nothing but hay and straw), though he knows well that nothing of them will remain through the fire. f123 On the other hand, where true faith, true government, true marriage are, he tries earnestly that little love and fidelity may appear and little be shown, so that he can put the foundation to shame and have it despised.
You can either be repulsive or repent
Restrictions: Over 18′s only
"It's time to solve a murder," Great-grandma Everton said to Ella in a faint but distinct voice. Ella wasn't sure what she meant and couldn't imagine who had been murdered or why. For that matter, maybe no one had been murdered. Great-grandma was 105 years old and her mind wasn't always accurate."
Jenene had the bed head upholstered and the pillows made in the diamond fabric which ties all the colours together.
But the coolest thing about the list is how famous people write short essays about those chosen.
It's Election day in many parts of the United States. I got up early this morning and voted in the Missouri Primaries and ballot initiatives.
I overheard a comment last week regarding the number of craft beer events on the calendar generally and the fact that there were two sensational Beer Dinners happening on the same night at two separate venues and another just a few days later. The question was along the lines of the following; “Is this the sign of a Craft Beer explosion taking place?”
Replete with sun-burns & tans, pictures & memories, stories, I AM BACK. To my utter disappointment, I have also come back 1/2 Kilograms heavier. (I expected to come back sleeker, see my previous post http://theescapades.wordpress.com/2012/03/21/the-next-big-one/). And now is the time to sit back and write about my experiences. Here’s the part 1 which is dedicated to Rishikesh.
Day Eleven : 0
It doesn't always show itself in the ways a child can appreciate.....
-Tqwee
Pinterest strikes again!
"add" to this post so that it's not just pictures!
‘You know you’re borderline when your rage can smoke out a whole country’. (Jaen Wirefly)
5 solution
So yeah I cleaned out my desktop and founds some muther effin JEMZ. love these jemz. Take a look. And sorry....I have NO idea where they are from. Don't claim the rights to ANY of them yallz.
This has been a big month. He's got six teeth total now. He cruises everywhere he can reach- fast. He doesn't balance very long while not holding on to anything, but I don't think it's too far off. He eats all sorts of things, and gets very, very insistent when we don't include him in mealtimes. He figured out how to clap, and does so when excited with a big open-mouthed smile that is heart-meltingly cute. He waves at people somewhat inconsistently. His hair's getting long enough around his ears that we're considering cutting it already. He's happy pretty much all of the time.
To complete the picture, I cite two examples of “re-education” taken from Mao’s China:
In the end I settled for a pair of natural-looking brown ones which other bloggers had said were quite comfortable to wear - Geo Angel Brown.
14. Where did most of your money go?
Mamas & Papas California dreaming US
The food was so so only. Not much varieties to choose from. We did enjoy the food especially Gwen. She asks us to bring her to buffet again!
His “Civic Virtue” (1919) caused quite a stir as well. The piece, which depicted an enormous male figure standing over a prostrate female figure, was intended for the fountain in City Hall but ended up in Queens. There were complaints as to how women were portrayed. It appeared the male figure had planted his foot upon the back of the statue of a woman. In response to these critics, MacMonnies said, “These ladies are evidently not acquainted with their own backs, as it is very evidently a rock and not a lady’s back on which the youth has planted a foot.” He added, “I am sure no man would make a mistake like that.” Ouch.
Speaking of her dad, this is the top reason to marry Swimsuit Issues. I know all of you screaming bloody murder about Courtney won’t like this, just like a lot of you don’t like that I think she is the Michael Jordan of Bachelor contestants, but her dad laid out the VERY LOW BAR for what he expects out of marriage. He even delivered the message with Ocean’s Eleven always-bet-on-black swagger. He said something like “marriage is the greatest gamble a man can take and the odds are 50-50 so are you ready to roll the dice, bro”. That is amazing.
Look at his sweet little curls. I hate to cut them off, but I know I would go ballistic the first time someone commented on my "sweet little girl" so I had to do it.
orchestral magnets in the dark
Thanks bunches and don't let the space teddy bears eat you alive.
and that's it. i am behind on my water intake today (and every day lately). i am satisfied. i could probably mindlessly binge on stuff that will go down easily but i am being proactive on that issue and keeping busy tonight by packing for my trip to boston tomorrow, blogging and paying bills.
Baby
“Hi baby time to get up and catch a plane” I smiled and woke up slowly, knowing that soon I would be in the arms of someone I loved so much. I said goodnight to Clayton, and got ready for the long journey ahead of me. My sister Sarah was picking me up along with my mother. I’d never flown before, and this was such a major step for me to take. Flying half way across the world, on my own to meet someone I’d never met before. And what made it worse was that I had to change flights in Copenhagen, I was taking a big risk.
- Plastic or glass, single element, fixed lens.
Henrieta is crowing. Now, see, where we lave we have these limit things and well, my limit is two little tiny roosterlets, one of which I named Princess, because he is. His favourite things are purple and running from bugs. Princess. He is a he. Henrieta is not a she. Thus, we have to choose between two very big long fat cockameme choices. To pull out or to give her up for adoption.
As evening changed to night we sat outside the hotel sipping a few beers and chatting until early morning with Sascha and Carole and to several new arrivals that turned up in the wee small hours. It was a real pleasure to have met them and I am more than sure that it won’t be long before we see them again.
December 2011 Heron’s Nest and 2011 Red Moon Anthology, Carving Darkness.
If all goes well, the visits drop to weekly, then monthly. At the six month mark we drop the antiviral, and I think the antifungal. The antibiotic goes bye-bye in a year, and the doses on the immune suppressants will decrease over time as well.
Ian Barritt – Professor Peach
His soul is with the saints, I trust.
and Sentiment computer generated
I hate it when that happens!
Mark’s brief description of Stuart Leigh – The Stewart Lee Tribute Act is:
I thought I had it all sorted last week, first go, but as I was sitting down and talking to the guy I had this thing “click” inside of me and I just knew that whilst it had been on track that something pushed it off track so it wasn’t meant to be.
How and in what way, an intuitive program, designed by the Creator and after the end of 5 Creations & after learning about human psyche, choose to go against His will by helping Neo? What makes it show sympathy for humans?
-Magnet
Footprints on the sands of time;
Like a celebrity photographer, Toulouse-Lautrec not only recorded this lifestyle but he also became an active part of this Parisian world himself.
We are going to visit one of my favourite local shops, Bridge Road Antiques.
Neighborhood real estate inventory has dropped again and as of April 2011 there’s a 7.2 month supply of homes for sale in the neighborhood. That’s just above balanced real estate market conditions, not really significantly in favor of buyers or sellers.
#Boom!
www.investigativeproject.org is a place to start. It is run by a fellow named Steve Emerson who has lot's of experience in these matters. Two of the books that Steve will tell you to read first are:
I have to admit that when I first learned of the event, I was very glad to have been given the tickets for free. I balked at the price. $20 in advance, $30 at the door (Note- bring cash!! Also note that kids 4 and under are free, kids 5-15 are $7). However, having attended this shindig, that is an amazingly fair price. Had I purchased my tickets in advance (which I totally would to save the $10), I would have more than gotten my money's worth with the amount of food, alcohol, and SWAG that I picked up.
advertise his own powerlessness, so comfortable with his own
06/22 - Auburn, WA White River Amphitheater
The sight of Matthew Stafford wearing a baseball cap on the sidelines was common for much of the past two seasons.
I felt that during the first three movements (Abortive, Caryl Churchill/Schubert; Other People’s Gardens, Kenneth Emson/Chopin; Portrait of a Lady, T.S. Eliot/Prokofiev and Chopin) what was happening for me was that the music was creating emotion by conditioned reflex and the plays were merely illustrating it.
Chop into 1 inch pieces:
Don't forget to click the icon above, which will whisk you away to more book reviews. Think spring!
Joined TheTwoCents: January 2010
This novel is about a young girl, Caroline Meeber, who comes to Chicago to make her way. After a brief stint trying to work for a living, she drifts into becoming first one man’s mistress, then another’s, slowly rising in wealth, if not status, as she does so. When Carrie’s second lover, Hurstwood, commits a crime and is ruined, she eventually leaves him to become a successful actress. The story contrasts her rise with Hurstwood’s fall, and their unexpected trajectories in society.
Therapeutic Ultrasound has long been a means of treating muscular and bone pain. Often times, patients would be scheduled to come in for multiple sessions before pain management becomes effective. This can significantly impact a patients life in that many hours are spent in the hospital, or Doctors office waiting for treatment. A new device is being tested that could allow patients to take the ultrasound device home with them and administer there own treatments saving both time and money.
I have Ree's cookbook (see my post about meeting her here) and knew her recipe for these rolls was in it. And, I had all the ingredients on hand, so I got everything together and got started.
Well, would ya look at that, all the people who think I am an incurable DREAMER are right...and I don't have to feel like I am getting tsk-tsk'ed by the teacher when they say it. Now, the next time someone says, "She's got her head in the clouds again..." I can say, "YOU BET I DO!! Grab your tickets now, you're gonna wanna see THIS!"
1:15: The bow has now sunk so far that water is lapping against the Titanic’s name, and the ship has taken on a distinct list to port. At this time passengers begin to grow alarmed, and the boats begin to leave the ship closer to capacity (though by now 6 of the ship’s 16 lifeboats have already left, including Boat 8 which the Countess of Rothes and her cousin boarded, and Boat 3 carrying Mrs. Charlotte Cardeza and her son).
I don't care.
i have always feared that by doing those things i would get lumped in as just another one of 'those' girls. i saw myself as different, and i want(ed) other people to. but instead, in many cases, i just didn't get seen at all.
The past ten months since my layoff from a job at which I worked for 19 years and which I had come to let define me, have been, by turns, turbulent, thrilling, rocky, steady, cacophonous, and still. In one moment, you can be comfortably close to a familiar shore and in the next, you are flung out to sea, forced to question whether that shore had indeed been one of safety at all, forced to question your own expertise, forced to question who you really are. And then, there comes a moment when you realize that you’re still who you always were, you haven’t lost what you know and what you believe; you’ve just been blown onto a new course. And in whatever ways we decide to handle ourselves finding a new harbor, that’s how we become better navigators than we’ve ever been before. From that moment on, how we conduct ourselves moving towards – and away from – new harbors for the rest of our lives confirms who we really are.
2. Little Billy's Burning
In under twenty-four hours, the outpouring of emotion has already reached Diana-levels; obligatory televised shots of grief-stricken, tear-stained faces. Commentators across every available medium dissecting and unraveling, dismembering and scrutinizing every tiny detail of a life less private, trying (and failing) to simplify a life that bred new meaning to the word complicated.
An old man, around 60, jumps to the front of the line to get a small packet of sauce and begins to walk back to his table, when the girl behind me says, in a voice loud enough for everybody to hear:
Do they really enjoy? Or are they so jaded by superfluity that interest only lasts a moment and then need a new stimulation?
As Anne specifically asks Liv for help, there’s not much Liv can do other than accept. When Anne expands this request that she work with Cam – the man she’s been avoiding due to a foretelling that they will kill each other – Liv is catapulted into a world of syndicate secrets that she’d done her very best to steer clear of all these years.
of course, it was my beloved slate teal.
Tynda
Right now our soul is helping us to realize that the only way we can create the success we dream of in the physical world is by first mastering our inner world.
Ugly Mug photo competition
However, as I’ve been arguing in this blog, things to do with languages are seldom straightforward and, when they happen to be, someone is sure to mess them up. In lay and specialist circles alike, the meaning of the term “mother tongue” ranges from ‘first language’, through ‘best language’, to ‘main language’. We sometimes even find mother tongue equated to “L1”, a term belonging to an intriguing tradition of identifying languages by numbers. I will have quite a few things to say about 1st Ls and other numbered Ls in future, but what these supposed definitions of mother tongue have in common is that they are all undefined themselves. So saying that your mother tongue is, for example, your best language, or vice versa, if you don’t know what a mother tongue or a best language might be, is like explaining that sulphuric acid is H2SO4 and that H2SO4 is sulphuric acid, if you have no idea what sulphuric acid and H2SO4 might be.
In the United States banks typically charge a two to six dollar “transaction fee” when you withdraw from an ATM outside of their network, from a Bank of America machine using a Wellsfargo debit card for example. In your hometown this fee is avoided easily enough—withdraw only from your financial institution’s Starbucks-like ATMs on every corner.
14 Sun And Woman 3:38
Remember to spring forward tonight, except for those of you in Indiana who don’t do Daylight Savings Time. Have a lovely week!
1 feeling
As an English teacher and lover of poetry, I’m thrilled that April is National Poetry Month. Inaugurated in 1996 by the Academy of American Poets, National Poetry Month is a time when libraries, schools, literary organizations, and poets celebrate poetry through a variety of events, workshops, and readings.
There are three theories that have played a significant role in the debate on the Second Amendment. One holds that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to keep and bear arms. Another might be called the “limited individual right” or “civic right” theory, which holds that even though individuals have the right to bear arms, the right applies only in the context of militia service. (Some advocates of this theory compare the right to bear arms with the right to serve on a jury.) The third, the “collective right” theory, posits that “the right of the people to keep and bear arms” refers to the right of state governments to form militias.
On one end of the tank, is a miniature model of the temple. Stop by and see it, just in case you get lost, you would know how to find your way back! There is also a ticket counter (buy camera tickets), donation counters as well as the entry to the Meenakshi shrine.
b. When both the customer and the task are known
Ernest Renan, 19th century French theorist, had another take on nationhood, one which I can cleave to readily:
Paper Cutter (104152)
The moil of darkness burst into a fountain, black gouts shooting ten feet up before curving round and driving down at the women. Rel lunged, hand outstretched, and this close to a Sherim, his Gift became wild power. With Clearsight deactivated, he couldn't see the sheet of reality that scythed from his fingertips into the stream of Axtli, but the flow stopped, almost before Taslin had time to give a raptor-like scream.
Relation to Head of House:
Location Uncertainty: horizontal +/- 13.5 km (8.4 miles); depth fixed by location program
So in short, there was a lot of beer and fun to be had. I will definitely try to get tickets to this next year!
This journey has given me tremendous perspective. Not just about my life, but about the lives of others.
I’m also going to avoid history here, even biblical history. There are plenty of true believers who will claim that this is an accurate representation of the scourging and crucifixion of Christ, but this simply doesn’t hold. There’s nothing in any of the gospels, for instance, claiming that Christ frequently and repeatedly saw Satan as he underwent his various trials. Even the carrying of the cross differs dramatically from the traditional Stations of the Cross. We’re going to let this go for the remainder, though. There’s simply too much to try to pick out, and it’s an argument I don’t want to have. (And yes, Gibson got the Stations wrong. Here, Christ falls twice before meeting his mother, when traditionally, this happens after the first fall. Simon of Cyrene helps before the second fall as well in the Stations. The Stations of the Cross include three falls, while Gibson’s version of Christ falls constantly. And then there’s the whole nails-through-the-hand thing. And the fact that the actor playing Christ is about as Arabic as I am.)
“Just a short ride, okay?” Riley bit her lip as her anxiety heightened.
Finally, I am sorry for all my minority brothers and sisters. If only we had been warned in 1994 that the rainbow nation would turn into the quagmire of hate and failure it has become. We could all have made our escape then, and watched the implosion from afar.
I think I have characteristics of each House.
Callum Dune William
Before I begin, I’d just like to state for the record that pajama pants are an article of clothing that should only be worn in the home. Fifty percent of the population near my neck of the woods seems to believe otherwise, however.
My total out of pocket at Old Navy was $0.88! Yep. I gave them 88 cents at the store. Score! Even with the $10 I paid for the Groupon, it is still a rockin deal! On sale the shorts themselves would have been over $11 by themselves, so its like I got everything else for free. Anyway, it was a happy day. :)
Wish me luck! I don't even know what to tell her to do with it this time except to get some of this length off. I'm not sure if I will post a picture, because I hate to be in pictures, but we'll see ;)
This month I'm participating in the Blog Chain over at ChristianWriters.com There's a great group of Christian authors participating in the blog chain and you can read their posts in the little widget to the left there with the cute blue quill pen.
As the store sets up its famous Holiday window displays, and people from all around the world come to shop with us, I plan to get in the spirit as best I can so I can make at least a little money this Christmas, and maybe they'll even keep me on. In the mean time, I'll try to wow 'em with my vast knowledge of the rich history of this store.
When it comes to fast-food, the French are voting with their hip-pockets. Dominos Pizza sells more than 12 million pizzas in France every year. France is the second biggest market for take away pizza after the US.
In a large mixing bowl, whisk together flour, salt and yeast. Add water and mix until a shaggy mixture forms. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and set aside for 12 - 18 hours (I did 16 hours). Overnight works great. Heat oven to 450 degrees. When the oven has reached 450 degrees place a cast iron pot with a lid in the oven and heat the pot for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, pour dough onto a heavily floured surface and shape into a ball. Cover with plastic wrap and let set while the pot is heating. Remove hot pot from the oven and drop in the dough. Cover and return to oven for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes remove the lid and bake an additional 15
Gregory: yes but under Obama’s rule
i'll show you pictures of the dance, if i get any good ones!
Someone mentioned something about one of my books recently with the feeling that maybe I'd like to go back and "do" something.
I am very excited to be a part of this group and team, and I look forward to reporting our successes back to you each month.
I literally dream of the days when I (finally) move out, can paint my room whatever colors I want (because after changing my paint colors a million times, my parents told me I'm done), decorate however I want, organize however I want - all while being able to have a normal square or rectangle shaped room instead of an L (I'm telling you, it's the little things).
The knuckles on my right hand ground against the asphalt as I slid across the road. My knee also took a good hit. Were it not for my helmet, my face would have been a mess as well. Due to the knee injury, I was forced to drag my leg when I walked for several months.
‘Gupta’s request for courtroom testimony from Cohn is a direct shot across the Goldman President’s bows. During that same busy year of 2008, Gupta’s former associate Raj Rajaratnamhas had the odd very long lunch with both Cohn and Loeb….during which they discussed major bank takeovers, the TARP programme, and several other fripperies of the day. The Feds have never bottomed out the question of Government Securities purchases at the time TARP was passed….and how Raj Rajaratnamhas got to know enough to buy a whole chunk of bank stocks at rock-bottom prices…’
When we reached the stage floor (the 5th, where the outside platform was) we finally saw the grinding area …
Pretty simple stuff, right? I'm so happy to be feeling energetic and perky, I'm certainly not hungry, and my clothes are fitting me so much better lately.
April 19 - Elisabeth Sladen, actress (Sarah Jane Smith on "Doctor Who"), 63
And then one of my team reminded me that I had been playing the renovation game all year, so it really was only fair that I show the end results.
Cole wants to minimize the real fears of the Gulf states about Iran's ambitions and its pursuit of nuclear weapons to achieve them. Of course, he's right that the "street" in the Arab world supports Iran for its virulent stands against Israel. But the people do not rule in any of the Gulf states. They are far from positions of political responsibility, which might actually make them to identify with the interests of their states in the global arena or to articulate realist political stances.
Hope you are having a marvelous weekend. My DH is on vacation until Tuesday and we are working on our bathroom remodeling job. Have you ever had to paint a room 2x cause the color you thought you liked was horrible on the walls? Don't ask! Just a little setback, but a bit of an expensive lesson. Who ever thought that a robin's egg blue could look florescent?
NATURAL BEEKEEPING WORKSHOP FOR BEGINNERS
Washi comes in a plethora of colours, is often very brightly coloured or
You can also find more information on paternity testing, DNA testing and prenatal DNA testing on www.ddc-pilipinas.com. DNA Diagnostics Centre Philippines (DDC) offers a specialized, professional and dependable service for our range of DNA testing services, our portfolio
(Cue rousing, motivational, and heroic strings. Cue our hero riding a pure white steed off into the sunset, mullet blowing freshly in the wind, off to seek new adventure, to right wrongs, and to challenge injustice wherever it may be found…)
and that Princess would be mine. My princess (second daughter) not to be confused with my angel (first daughter) and not forgetting adorable son, turned twenty one this week. I had all the thoughts and emotions that any mother has - how could she be twenty one - where did the years go - it was only yesterday that she started school and now she is about to graduate from university - and most shockingly of all, how did I become such a grown up.
Thanks for stopping by! Big hugs!
Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this book free from the publisher through the BookSneeze®.com. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's guidelines.
One minute you have money, the next you’re completely locked out of your wealth and livelihood. They force YOU to prove to them that you aren’t guilty, but they take away any means you had to defend yourself.
Into the seasonless world where you shall laugh, but not all of your laughter, and weep, but not all of your tears...
I hope you’re all well. I’m not sure what I’m going to do now, but I’ll write again soon.
I got her a little Pizza Hutt pizza and told her it was gluten free.
To be noted in the new PA 2011, “the police before exercising the power to arrest are to take necessary measures to ensure voluntary compliance by the organiser or participant”.
fast forward July 5, 2009.
This is like a puzzle where I know the pieces can all fit together so we can all make it through this. But it's a Rubic's cube not at jigsaw and those always take more patience, understanding and cunning to solve.
if you have any advice or input, please comment!!!
It just captures what summer is like in New England.
I also thought it would be a great idea to paint the adjoining rooms in a matching color to simplify the flow in between rooms.
* root device and root filesystem configuration:
Thing number 2.
Two years ago I wore a white sweatshirt, put on some bunny ears and tail and put one of those plastic dusters around my neck and went as a dust bunny. Last Halloween, I just wasn’t feeling it, so I just got a huge cardboard quarter and put in on my back and went as a Quarterback
Williamsport, Pennsylvania – March 7, 2001: 14-year-old Elizabeth Bush was taking the antidepressant Prozac when she shot at fellow students, wounding one.
What can you say? Legendary Japanese icon. Japan’s oldest thrasher? Creator of the Japanese Heavy Metal anthem? Gezolstands about five foot five. Standing amongst large Thai lads in denim he looked very, very small.
I know that I own a pram, plus a couple of buggies/strollers, but I have to say that I really do prefer babywearing. There’s something so wonderful about wrapping your baby up against you in a sling and carrying them. I used to carry Monkey all the time when he was smaller, but now that he’s turning into quite a hefty little chappy, it’s getting a tad more difficult.
these showy favorites make the
