These choices in response to my own privilege are not an expression of guilt, but rather a joyful choice that has allowed me to break the isolation, disconnection and fear that are an integral part of living with privilege. It has allowed me to live my highest ideals.
Denise: Life is too short!
Orval can challenge the craft beer neophyte, but guarantees to remain etched in your memory as one of the most unique experiences one can have with brew.
Fenugreek seeds: ¼ teaspoon
I actually escaped to my new craft room this weekend and had a little play with some of the new products - Tim's new paper stacks are amazing - you know what I mean, far too nice to cut into to, but I forced myself - it's just a bit of paper right ? I love the rabbit from Tim's Spring Sprung set and added some of the papers from the Vintage Shabby stack and of course some Ideo-ology metal bits.............the clock was cut from the Lost & Found stack and rock candied !
Irvin gets a horrible bad rap from his past and he is not that man no more.
93:4 Quadruple soul, i.e., Brahma, Jiva, Mind, and Consciousness. The four names under which the Supreme Being is adored by the faithful are Vasudeva, Sankarsana, Pradyumna, and Aniruddha.
So… point of the story so far? We sat on the floor and ate off the coffee table for the next 7 months. This does not work well when you have a giant dog that likes to get real close to you when you eat and droooool EVERYWHERE. Gross.
BBC Top Gear co-presenter Richard Hammond said he thought he was going to die after he lost control of the Vampire jet powered car, at 288mph, when the car flipped over while he was filming a feature for the show, on an RAF airfield near York, last September.
My wall was covered in them, particularly the ultra-common number 18. It felt like the rarity of each sticker came in waves. One month, number 20 would be all over your wall, and number 24 would be gold. The next, number 5 would be hated for being everywhere and number 29 would be hated for being nowhere. It was dynamic, and at 10c a pop, maddeningly addictive. Never did we stop to realise that something had gone fundamentally wrong – the stickers had overtaken the gum.
I wonder sometimes if the church forgets how simple that is. We are his workmanship, saved by grace, and we preach the written word and live the testimony of the living word. We live by grace, we love, we share, we build, we pray for peace and if need be we die for others. If the world doesn’t find Christ in us, it surely will not find him because his name is etched into a 2,000-year-old piece of limestone that may or may not have belonged to his relative. It would not find him in the Shroud of Turin.
Hey, the very best Christmas wishes for all of you, my dear friends! ♥
What further adds to this atmosphere of hopelessness is the implication that all philosophies and thought systems, be they religion or revolutionary politics or science, are incapable of bringing the world under control. In fact, García Márquez’s fictional universe is governed by the randomness of chance, if it is governed by anything at all. Arguably the most significant events in the novel are total accidents, from the very founding of Macondo in the middle of a swamp to the mysterious death of José Arcadio. The arcane lore of Melquiades’ gypsies and Pilar Ternera’s tarot cards seem to explain the idiosyncracies of the world better than Father Nicanor’s bogus religious doctrines or José Arcadio Buendía’s scientific boondoggles (themselves a pastiche of First World Enlightenment values of progress and civilisation). Indeed, José Arcadio Buendía ultimately loses his faith in science and reason to find himself “completely disoriented” by the “fearful solitude” of the world.
and many more……..
“No, he ran a frustrated hand through his hair, after he opened his eyes he kept making this moaning sound, and wouldn’t respond to me, that’s when I checked his vitals. I’m telling you Jared he didn’t have a pulse, he just laid their flopping around like a fish. I was so scared I ran out and called you. First that Lindquist guy and now Gary. I know you don’t believe me, but I’m telling you something is going on here.” The only thing that Reilly could see was that his friend had suddenly boarded the train to Bellevue, and he was at a lose on how to deal with it. He didn’t want to feed into his delusions, but he certainly couldn’t have him giving a statement about Zombies. That would destroy his career faster then you could say, Night of the Living Dead. He only had a few minutes before the meat wagon showed up and the place was crawling with people.
3. Top Cat
liability company. Searchlight Educational Trust, a registered limited liability company, is also registered as a charity with
A Fruitful Harvest
And, of course, we have a winner of the $20 Gift Certificate from our last challenge chosen using Random.org . . .
Current Weight: 271 lbs
WHEN: Saturday, October 31
One interesting aside...see the guy on the far left in the first pic with the standard evocative of the mid-sixties snazz-looking suit 'n tie, the modified Moe Howard Beatle hair and the large birth control glasses? That's none other than Fred Pineau, a name that should ring bells if you were a fan and follower of the Boston fanzine scene throughout the seventies. Music-wize he was a member (along with John Horvorka) of Joe Viglione's typically Velvets-minded Astral Projections before ending up with garage band Aerosmith rockers Bonjour Aviators before becoming an Atlantic, and not only that he was a contributor to Viglione's much needed/missed fanzine VARULVEN. Smart credentials for a seventies icon of BLOG TO COMM proportions, and I gotta admit something that does add that special dimension to the music, considering that sometimes what goes on behind the stage is just as important as what's happening in front of a load of wild, screaming teenagers (or aging hipsters like ourselves pretending that this is what their image of what wild, screaming teenagers was supposed to be!)
So last week I purchased 30 days worth of Isagenix to try and get my eating on track. I had the option of ordering 11 days worth, but went all the way. What could I have been thinking?
Here, irony took over to an extent, given that I had halves of two Thornbridge beers - now, I know its my fault, but I didn't make a note of the new Thornbridge offering because I knew I could find out what it was (it was dark and called something with three words in!) on their website. Except I can't - it won't load (perhaps flooded with enquiries about the Bath).
S&P
I sometimes think that the hearts and voices of my sisters are like the sea. They break the surface on a calm day, leaving gentle ripples like those of a diving duck or the wake of a distant passing ship. And when heavy wind brings the sea to shore with the steady throb of crashing breakers, they gladly shoulder the salt-sting and offer their own shelter and peace from the storm. Each brings her own special brand of solace and joy.
At last – I have eventually finished my bee crisis publication! Here is an image of the cover, I will upload all the finished spread very shortly but for now I wanted to introduce my next project!
religious freedom. Franklin's father was
The only Boston Cream Pie I've ever seen was my mom's donuts. LOL!
As the electric night rains wet power
Of all the plants on our property the ones that make me the happiest, that fascinate me the most, are the ones that arrive unbidden on the wind. Volunteers, they are called. From the moment you step through the gate there are dozens of wonderful, beautiful cultivated plants that have come from friends’ gardens, a trade, a cutting, a thinning here and there that yield now massive stands of color and texture. Each morning when I walk the dogs down to the creek we follow different routes that lead to new discoveries of the volunteer sort. Sure the wind brings common flowers and plants, vines and bushes, but these that I speak of with excitement are a different sort of wild. Down by the creek is the fantastical Mayapple.
It felt great to see the play out there and all the components together. It’s thrilling, but you still second guess and see things that you may want to tweak down the road. What a crazy business this is! I can’t wait to see how the rest of the audiences respond.
Anyway I digress. In today’s society you hear about people, groups and businesses apologizing for things they have said. Last time I checked the Frist Amendment to the Constitution gave every citizen the freedom to express and freedom of speech in the United States. Why should anyone have to apologize for offending another person, group, culture or country? If that entity that is offended wants an apology, they should apologize to themselves for being weak-minded. These are the people who want to be catered to their whole lives, they are the ones that think someone owes them something, the ones that depend on others hard work and tax dollars to live. But yet those that believe that words do not kill have to apologize for saying someones ass is too big (Michelle Obama), that Lowes shouldn’t pull their ads from a Muslim show because its racist, or that boys from Northern california shouldn’t wear shirts with American flags on them during Cinco de Mayo because it offends the Mexicans. You know what I say, “Fuck all of you who are offended by these actions. We should not have to bow down to any one person, any one group or culture and any other country. Fuck all of you are too weak to let words go in one ear and out the other.”
When envisioning an artistic collection made of unique sculptures, I always reach deep inside my soul. I feel a very strong connection with nature.Trees, birds, animals, flowers are my sanctuary. I then convey these inspirations and feelings to Jose during our one meeting, usually held in Paris, in this instance, over dinner at the fabulous restaurant Lilly-Wang. The sketching begins in a Picasso fashion. As I express my vision and intentions for the collection, Jose starts sketching. Birds, trees, everything that my mind tries to express is brought to life via Jose's hand and pen.
I want more than to look at your face
Didn't seem to stop them from gobbling it up though!
With quiet resignation, I once again closed my eyes and listened to the gentle sounds of nature and asked that the powers that be please grant me my wish of a fulfilling life that was pain free.
"Where are the car keys?" he asked in frustration.
Scot Meacham Wood - Strength? That would have to be my imagination. I have a weird gift for walking into a new space . . . and seeing the entire, completed project in my mind. Sometimes it’s just about finding those pieces and completing the puzzle. I’m also frighteningly organized - and with the endless supply of tiny pieces of paper, fabric samples, and spec sheets that accompany the design business, it’s a true asset. As far as weaknesses go, there’s a bad habit for procrastination that I have to fight against almost regularly. I can usually win that battle with a hyper-focused ‘to-do-list’ each morning. Answering these interview questions was actually on my ‘to-do-list’ this morning.
Too bad, I was pretty ignorance back then and missed up the chances of attending most of their panels to hear wonderful stories about their works. I do however luckily attended Eiko Tanika’s panel and managed to listen to interesting anecdotes about Studio 4°C and animation studio in general. That one panel that is so educational and interesting, it pretty much became the freshest and biggest event I remember for AFA08. I can still remember the things Eiko Tanika said even if it’s 2 years ago when I know nothing about anime and that should sum up exactly how much of an impression it left me with . To be frank, even May’N's concert doesn’t leave such a vivid mark in my mind.
My work as a homeopath influences my writing enormously. The privilege of getting very close to the kids I work with means I have access to their inner landscape and that combined with my ability to write means I’m able to express the world of a child with a degree of authenticity.
Moonstone
Jens, it doesn't amaze me at all. As you wrote Alison Bard Burnett and Wolfgang Hampel are born humorists. I heard many more Alison Bard Burnett interviews by Wolfgang Hampel will be published in the future. Come on, please. Do it! This couple is so funny. I can listen to them a million times without getting tired. Pure Bard and Hampel magic.
6x9 pen and ink on watercolor paper
Sarah’s death takes only two verse from Chapter 23; the remainder is dedicated to an unusually detailed accounting of a bargain and oral contract struck between Abraham and Ephron the Hittite. Getting back to our historical roots, this passage is a popular one for people trying to date the Torah, since it details a very specific sort of contract with some unusual-seeming invocations, but here again we end up struck by the staticity of Near East social customs, in that the various exhortations to “Hear me!” preceding an element of the contract are in fact standard parts of Mesopotamian oral-contract practice in several cultures spanning at least a millennium. If we ignore the peculiar verbiage, what we have is mostly a negotiation characterized by excessive politeness: buth the Hittites and Ephron himself are anxious to maintain good relations with Abraham, but the haggling is all upwards: despite Ephron’s offering of the cave as a gift, Abraham insists on paying for it. This might be indicative of a social custom (note: there have been, and still are, many cultures where it is polite to offer a desired item as a gift, and polite to refuse the gift; that might be what we’re seeing here), or a good-faith offer which Abraham refuses, presumably, because of his fierce independence (which we saw previously in 15:23, where Abraham didn’t want to enrich himself from the spoils of war). Incidentally, this little exchange means, historically and in modernity, Jews have asserted their right to ownership of the cave of Machpelah in Hebron on rather different grounds than that to the rest of Israel: it’s theirs because they bought it. Since it’s also a Muslim holy site, this is, unsurprisingly, a hotly debated contention.
into her eyes they spread..
6. Teaching is my calling and I’m so blessed to have it as a career.
You also teach. What do you enjoy about this part of your work?
How many times has she broken out in little beads of perspiration at the very thought!
Oh how the horror of what if, and did I, plays over and over in my mind. That night I lay awake staring at the ceiling telling myself, self, the story is sent so there is no use worrying, you can’t take it back now. Then magically in a few days you block out the thought that you even sent out a submission, because the reality of it is you will probably be waiting for quite a few weeks before your manuscript will even have a pair of eyes look at it.
A bunch of Legend Festival quests. I’m going to describe each quests in a second, but beforehand I want to tell you what the whole point of it is.
More stuff about the GHQ, some stuff about Gai having medical treatment (what he has to get done, why it’s effective, and why Inori has to be there are never actually explained. Good going, writers), Inori thinks she’s in love with Shu (I have no idea why either) but of course she doesn’t have the personality to know, whatever.
I love you guys, you are all heroes in my eyes...all of you!
“unchanged to previous positions” – if decided, then philosophical
NUTS cowers. "But who knows what's out there? We could get in big trouble!"
According to the industry group Wi-Fi Alliance, only use hot-spots that provide security technology known as W-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2), which offers more security than the earlier systems WPA and Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP). Look for this info on the terms of service page before you decide to transmit any sensitive data that hackers may seek. The ultimate security precaution is to refrain from doing any online banking or credit card transactions on public Wi-Fi.
I found a company online that has super low prices and great quality, Interknobs. I was going to pay more than double for smaller pulls at Lowes before I found them. They have tons of options and name brands to choose from. We chose the 7 inch stainless steel pulls from Liberty.
How's everyone's week coming along?
Information Management Technician
Says an industry source, “It is ridiculous to even suggest that PC will get a price higher than that of Charan’s. Charan is getting 10 crore in Andhra Pradesh and has been signed on for 12 crore now for his Bollywood debut. Whoever is responsible for these stories should do some serious re-thinking.”
Have we really reached such a point? Have those of European origin, a race who have done more good for the people of this Earth than all the others combined, now chosen to make our exit? For make no mistake that is what it means, the end may take decades, possibly centuries, but from this point forward there will be no going back. No prior race in history has volunteered for its extinction, are we to be the first?
-The Classic Diva
And so, in the last two days, as I have thought and rethought the God given right to lie concept, I have had to accept it as true. God gave us all free will and what we do with that will is our choice. To me, lying is wrong. To the sociopath, lying is all part of a day’s work. I have to accept that the sociopath does have a God given right to lie, and in that there is a certain freedom from needing to try to continue to change him. This is between him and God. Period, full stop. How I react to it, and what I teach my son about it is between me and God. That he is without integrity is none of my business anymore, unless it begins to affect me or my son. This also, I guess, makes it his God give right to be miserable, angry, and vengeful, and that is none of my business, either. That’s between him and God, too.
Zishaan ”ZuZu” Shafi
Her biggest mistake here, though, was giving me Asshole’s phone number. I got ahold of him and started laying into him and making threats I probably should not have made. Somehow or other, though, he managed to get enough doubt into my head during what little conversation there was. He didn’t know why I was so pissed off about a rape. His response to my rage didn’t quite fit. It perplexed me enough that I confronted Nutjob about this. After a few minutes, she confessed – she cheated on me with Asshole.
No less than life, with grace, health, beauty, honour;
I'm off now - lots of things to do.
The Client List is so strange because it never wants to talk about the filthy things that happen on the show. At times it’s like you’re watching an hour long double entendre – the parlour Riley works at is called The Rub, in her first interview her new boss (Loretta Divine) says “It’s tough to get a job and it’s tough to hold onto it”, when Riley meets one of her co-workers she shakes her hand and says “that’s quite a grip!” to which her co-worker says “that’s why I make the big bucks”, her clients always tell her that they have some soreness in their groin that needs a good rub to make better, there is a lot of talk about ‘extras’ and Riley says ‘that’s not what I call a happy ending’ but that’s as close as the show comes to talking about what the show is about.
Lemon shower gel back when I was a child. I distinctly remember being said child, and reading the back of the bottle, which spoke about the company’s founder (have no idea who this was as there doesn’t seem to be any reference to it online anymore) Who had run away as a teenager and set up the company. I just loved the idea of a renegade shower gel aficionado running round the country for the causes of cleanliness. I’m pretty sure it wasn’t that exciting, but as a child I was sold on the career path of runner-awayer and shower gel creator!
My vacation in St. Thomas was so excellent that I will have to break it into several blogs. St. Thomas is not known for its' diving, I realize that. I feel as if that reputation is undeserved. I saw many healthy corals, and thousands of juvenile fish. I love that macro stuff, and there was much of it. I saw several fish that I had not seen before,including a Redlipped Blenny and a Juvenile Dusky Damselfish. The Damselfish couldn't have been more that an inch long, but it was a little orange and indigo gem. I am starting a painting of him today, hope to have it available on my web shop soon.
Heart flickering rapidly
I want to be more disciplined and I’m always looking to have better time management to be able to write. I can’t be forced to write which why I don’t join the annual NaNo event. I just can’t write with someone constantly looking over my shoulder wondering how many words I’ve put down. I would like to have a set time each day to write, but my schedule is so full I have to wait for a few hours free at work.
I had a great time, and I’d recommend this style of food to anyone. It’s a bit confusing for Americans, but the flavors are rich and only slightly “alien.” I wasn’t sure what I was going to get with food from Africa, but yum!
Said social-development dept spokeswoman Ncumisa Fandesi: “She was someone who had gone to that community and identified a need and wanted to assist the children and the youth of that community.”
Strong communication skills – Clearly convey information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups. (i.e.: Organizes communication; adjusts to audience; ensures understanding; comprehends communication from others.)
*SIDE-TRACK! Everyone who is reading this, think back to when you first started playing Minecraft. Think about how you felt when you found diamond for the first time. Also, is there anyone out there who thought they found diamond for the first time, only to discover that it was really lapis lazuli? Were there any creeper problems? Finally, what is the largest quantity of diamonds that you have ever lost? If you feel so inclined, you should comment below with your fun stories. We appreciate feedback.*
yes! they were! they walked and ran in the exact direction of our truck, where we sat motionless except for the click of a camera.
It was 17 degrees on our first date and Joe took me to the town where he lived which was 40 minutes away from my home town. His car ended up with a flat tire and I ended up sitting in George's Gas Station watching The Carol Brunnet Show with George , who I never met before , while Joe and one of his cousons who came to his aid, fixed the flat tire!
Fuck him, I thought. I needed some bacon to clear away my hangover first. And a cigar. And a moody drive around the outer Mablethorpe area in my Lagonda.
When entering your photographs we ask that:
While I watched my youngest venture out beyond the sandbar, my DH headed south to an area that has turned up some pretty pieces in past summers (DH swears that heading south on the island- no matter what part of the island we are on, offers the best opps for sea glassing)My DH came strolling back with 4 pieces of sea glass, and since our sons were just getting out of the water, we ventured north to check out the shell beds in the surf.
difficult task to manage, especially for young women. Every
Mummy talked me through it, like in Speed where Jeff Daniels talks Keanu though disarming the bomb under the speeding bus.
his followers, becoming free of grid-locked freeways,
While in hospital with her first child they would not let her use reusable nappies for “spurious hygiene reasons”. Although Ms Howarth does not think maternity units should promote reusable nappies for commercial reasons she would like to see them give mothers more information about the different nappies available and allow parents to use reusable nappies if they wish while they are in hospital after the birth. She added: “It may even spark interest in some parents if they see others using them and could help dispel any myths.”
My sister Alexis is in town from Ohio. She is attending EFY this week. Alexis and her friend Brittany spent a majority of the weekend with us then we dropped them off.
What I want to declare to both sides is the true meaning of grace. Grace is not David’s sandwiches, grace is David’s victory. Grace is David volunteering to fight for his doubting and disdainful brothers. Grace is David delivering the killer-blow for troops who would otherwise be slaughtered. Grace is David himself, the anointed champion, doing everything to win the day. To put it another way – “grace alone” is just another way of saying “Christ alone”.
For my 6 day on the Tom Venuto Burn the Fat, Feed the Muscle challenge I decided not to wake up that early for the training as it is a Saturday, so only did my weights around lunch time with my dad. Did however eat my Oats for breakfast.
today i think of you because we got some bad news. social security will end when i'm 73!
Perhaps the most successful track on this CD is Ohimè ch‘io cado (Track 2), which contains some of the most evocative baroque techniques, performed with real panache by Galli – each verse gaining another layer of intensity.
Since I wanted to keep writing most of the time when I wasn’t on the computer, I used a pen and paper to work on first drafts. I haven’t done this much since I was about… 17ish?
The spectacle of a despotic cleric with antiquated ideas issuing a death warrant for a writer living in another country, and then sending death squads to carry out the edict, changed something in Christopher. It made him understand that a new danger had been unleashed upon the earth, that a new totalizing ideology had stepped into the down-at-heel shoes of Soviet Communism. And when the brute hostility of British and American conservatives (Podhoretz and Krauthammer, Hugh Trevor-Roper and Paul Johnson) joined forces with the appeasement politics of sections of the Western left, and both sides began to offer sympathetic analyses of the assault, his outrage grew. In the eyes of the Right, I was a cultural “traitor” and, in Christopher’s words, an “uppity wog,” and in the opinion of the Left, the People could never be wrong, and the cause of the Oppressed People, a category into which the Islamist opponents of my novel fell, was doubly justified. Voices as diverse as the Pope, the Cardinal of New York, the British Chief Rabbi, and John Berger and Germaine Greer “understood the insult” and failed to be outraged; and Christopher went to war.
Happy Mothers' Day!!!
The author Janice Hardy is a member of the Georgia Writer's Association and is active in several workshops and critique groups. Her fiction has appeared in Dimensions (A local lifestyle magazine), Predictions (a local genre magazine) and Air Currents (The In-flight magazine for Continental Connection). She’s also an instructor with Writer’s Online Workshops—teaching Essentials of Science Fiction and Fantasy Writing and Fundamentals of Fiction. Besides being a writer, she also has seventeen years of experience as an editor. Currently, she’s the editor of The Bahama Out Islands Destination Guide, and works closely with editors and authors on a variety of travel and lifestyle publications.
Long and steady and good and ready.
If you start with a pale orange shade - something almost peachy, and matte - the effect is much subtler than the bright "Tangerine Tango" shade. I also find that strong liner keeps things looking clean and well, I wing my liner every day, because I like the shape it gives my eyes.
I'd like to build a good nest egg. As good as a single person can build on their own.
Being a cat owner, I am not a fan of carpet. Especially when one of those cats has a slight hairball-digestion problem and has to a tenancy to throw up hairballs at least once a week. So when I caught eye of the pale beige berber carpet on the stairs and upstairs hallway, I knew it had to go.
I sure I’m not the only Reading fan who, even at that stage of the season, would’ve settled for second – so Southampton’s fudge-up at Middlesbrough the following weekend was really just a bonus (albeit a ridiculously, ridiculously huge one). And if they hadn’t subsequently gone up, I might even have felt a bit guilty. For about 20 seconds.
Got up with alarm at 5:55, but would’ve been woken up for the drag of the mass bells calling the drones to worship. 6am the clatter of gongs. I would only go there to tell them to stop that racket. You may be monks living cloistered lives, but you don’t have the right to force the remainder of us to conform. Oh, this is a good god fearing nation, I forget.
A comparison between dropbox and Google drive will be made soon.
*weighs 26 pounds
I'll be back on Monday, so I'll see you then and show you all the wonderful things I bought!
:: we giggled like school girls... it was a nude beach
Because it doesn't smell like him or look like him.
From January the import tax in the UK will increase from 17.5% to 20% (read about it here). On top of this, the company who make my wigs for me say that if I continue to pay with paypal they will have to charge me $2 more per wig: sounds like a little but with the import tax as well if means I'm getting into the relm of this costing me more than it's worth to run! I'm looking at bank transfers at the moment but even then I have to deal with both Paypal and my Banks crappy rate of exchange from dollars to pounds, and then to won. I will do my best to find the cheapest option.
Ann: Since the stroke, Claire’s personality has altered. She she’s always been a family girl, very loving, but she was very quick-tempered, and she was always a right worrier. But since the stroke she’s been quite laid-back, she doesn’t worry like she used to and will laugh at anything,
In terms of performance, the band was spot-on, rocking through old staples like The Mixed Tape and Dark Blue and nailing newer faves like Amy, I and My Racing Thoughts. Andrew’s vocals were, as always, amazing, his belting on Annie Use Your Telescope and The Resolution particularly memorable. Moments of banter about the local chain California Sandwiches and the paradox of their Italian sandwich slogan and not being located in California kept the proceedings light and fun; the backstory of b-side Last Straw and slagging of George W. Bush earned a roar of laughter. For me personally, the set was as close to perfect as I could have imagined for this tour (my only improvement would have been to swap Annie for Caves, a song I adore and long to hear live).
You need to decorate pretty much everything info together with the application to help you get agreement swiftly. Your credit score is not a ingredient that can influence the whole process of agreement. So, even those that have low credit score can also be permitted.
15ml Pomegranate juice
It's a Miroocool Christine Harris & Ann James (Little Hare)
The movie seems to be throttling forward at breakneck speeds, including some kind of elaborate plot to eventually get the main character, Derek, into prison. It’s awkwardly paced, edited in a peculiar way and random narration and slow-motion shots cause Starkwell to become increasingly uncomfortable.
#occupyhockey
Thank God they leave so I can be alone
And two policemen throw some handcuffs onto me wrists, and then throw me smiling face into the back of a police-van.
And then right before bedtime, Kiddo had a mini melt down. The idea of a little green man magically getting into our home while we slept, peeing green in the toilet, changing the color of our milk, and possibly even being trapped in our green bucket was just all too much. Couldn't blame her..kinda sounds like a bad college roommate! So in a last minute effort to keep Kiddo's sanity, but still have fun, I left our pot of gold on the doorstep and left a note asking the leprechaun to please refrain from coming in.
I’ve been lied all my life. Then I started to lie to myself. More, better, faster, stronger. I’m not good enough – I need to better myself. Better, bigger, anything but this. Not accepting who I am leads me to a constant external race. A never-ending one, if I’m not conscious enough to see it.
After the deposition
Richard Bone - Joy Of Radiation
David O. Russell (Flirting With Disaster)
Places is another great way to start. Grab a picture off the internet or magazine that is of a real castle or an imaginative space station and start your story. Name the place, create the rules, throw in your characters, and you have a recipe to start a great story.
However I quickly realized that contracts (something which does not exist in the U.S.) can make or break you in France. Meaning that if you dont have a permanent contract you are not taken seriously. So even though I had an income it wasnt being looked at when we started searching for an apt. So I realized I had to get a permanent contract (C.D.I.) and get one fast. I looked for about one year before finally finding one. I sometimes laugh and say I can give a course on how to go on interviews since I have done so many.
#2: A drunken man --- don't like the look nor the smell.
5) Flickr comment responses - go to the “comments you’ve made” page on flickr … There is a feed button on that page. Subscribe to it. Now you can ask questions, talk smack, leave comments — whatever. The point is, if someone talks back, you’ll see it in your reader. There’s really no point in going directly to flickr! This also lets you see an interesting picture several times over your life — each time someone new comments on it. In a way, you are subscribing to an individual photo by commenting on it. And you can always make it stop by deleting your comment. Nifty.
Deputy Roberts instructed Jones to stop and turn off the vehicle. Jones stopped but did not turn off the ignition. Deputy Roberts reached into the driver’s side window to turn it off and Jones accelerated rapidly with Deputy Roberts hanging onto the side of the vehicle half in and half out of the car.
Then, the next message came thru....
you're never sure which path is right.
‘….the eurozone nevertheless made an important political statement. It will not allow outsiders to stand in the way when it needs to act.’
* Image - Whiff of Joy - 'Uru and Bird'
Write as much as you possibly can.
(Contents: atheism, religious discrimination, ideological zealotry and oppression. Other contents: economic theories of negotiation, CEO:worker income discrepancies and unemployment rates. Fun contents: Latin phrases and Irreponsible Use of Emphatic Capitalisation.)
Be thankful, and be forgiving.
don’t steal, don’t cheat, and if you do,
The most important thing to remember is that anyone who has ever taken the time to correct someone elses pronunciation, grammar or spelling is going to be the first person run through with a sword or pierced with the arrow of a crossbow hunter, so for the love of God, STOP DOING IT! I have seen some of the worlds smartest people make these mistakes yet they LOVE to point out when others have done so.
- Stir in crushed pineapple, pineapple juice and pineapple extract.
When you find yourself feeling “in lack”, grab it, remember it, and keep it with you. And don’t forget, teach your children how to do this too.
Like I used to
3) Copy and paste the award on your blog.
"But no!" say the children, weeping faster,
5:00 PM LOVAS
Ugh. So pretty, the classic lines of this chair are immediately softened with this little navy and white buffalo check slip cover. I love the exposed ties-- I would LOVE a little chair like this in my bedroom!
her beauty sublime, her love once mine.
give me your might and now
All of which raises the question of why, here in America, you have to “press one” to conduct a conversation in English, Islamic foot baths have been installed in the Kansas City airport, why ‘Islamic immersion’ classes have been inflicted on children in a California school district, there was a demand an Arabic public school in New York and a mosque within sight of Ground Zero, and why government documents are often printed in foreign languages.
The reporter also asked me what brought me to the Respect Life Mass that day. I thought of the first time we came to the annual Mass at the cathedral in Denver. Archbishop (now Cardinal) Stafford was there. After the Mass we had a chance to shake hands with His Excellency and in my naivety and boldness of youth, I told him of my difficulty in finding a truly pro-life ob-gyn. (I was expecting my sixth baby at the time). He gave me a look of serious concern, but could offer no solutions.
But more than I hate mice, but less than spiders...
In 1999, David Copeland, the so-called London nail bomber, carried out a campaign against black, Asian and gay communities. His home-made devices each included up to 1,500 4in nails. In his final attack Copeland killed three people, including a pregnant woman, after nail bombing a Soho pub. He got a life sentence for murder.
Here is a picture of the chaos that was my work bench this morning, some people think that my workshop is always spotlessly tidy and neat and clean. This is just a segment of the madness that was in there this morning.
I hope of course everyone will be at the Artspace opening tonight, as I will be. But if you happen to be in the city, I would recommend going to Show & Tell to check this out.
What now, you ask? I’ve successfully iced the ankles and picked the children up from school. Tonight I’m meeting with Kristen to discuss “In The Pines” and holy guac do I need some discussion on this one. I’m gonna kick it with my legs up the wall and then plan dinner – I’m thinking black bean tacos – yum!
Is there anything that you do while you are stitching that is kind of weird or unusual? A quirky habit maybe? Or anything that you do that makes you think, Hey…I wonder if anyone else does this?
We are also resurrecting our "TOP 3" again which will be chosen by the previous weeks Challenge Hostess and last week your hostess was Emma. After much deliberation (and in no particular order), Emma has chosen the following entries as her Top 3:
My dad sighed before saying, "At least it will be quiet."
Other stories will continue to follow at a rate of about one every other week or so, and there’ still time for you to be a part of something special. Read about Gwen’s story and how you can get involved: RyanMacklin.com: Fighting for Gwen.
How do you celebrate the day? Any traditions?
"what is wrong with maddy?" she asked, all teary-eyed.
28. Is that disrespectful?
This is a very specific type of writing and in doing regular blogs on a particular subject you keep a good focus on it while allowing freedom to look at other areas. This can be great, especially if you’re struggling to fit writing around a busy schedule.
Anyhoo, a few quick highlights of my week in Chicago…
The center was filled with "Forbidden Rice" (black rice) that was pressure cooked for 25 minutes on the second ring (15 psi) with a 1" piece of kombu. After cooking, it was combined with a mixture of 1/4 cup rice vinegar that was heated to dissolve 1 tbs. of sugar and a pinch of smoked salt.
New Jersey used to have many Jewish Delis. But with the changing of the times and tastes in food by our local diners, there are very few left, especially ones that still make things from scratch and really care about their business. One such place is Hobby’s Delicatessen, in Newark, the only surviving Jewish Deli in the city.
Keep her in your prayers... these are bothering her a little bit and she hasn't been quite as smiley lately. My poor girl :(
Here are the details…
The University of Ottawa Art History Club is an academic club that organizes activities such as movie nights, gallery trips, and lectures for students at the University of Ottawa.We are striving to create an inclusive community of art lovers on campus to spark a dialogue and form connections. Any student with an interest in art is welcome to join the club.
This post is for my eldest son, who is an officer in the Army, serving in Afghanistan. He left last week and will be away for six months.
Half eaten scone dropped, I grabbed what was left on the dish, my camera and headed out to the balcony. Style, style, style, snap, snap, snap and.... snap! Twenty minutes and I was done; fastest post ever. Must have been something in those Moscow Mules ;) Gobbled two more, chased them with a coffee, into the shower and out the door with minutes to spare. Best thing was, as we were about to walk into church, my youngest whispered in my ear, "Mummy, can we have the pepper scones again, next time you forget the bread? *grin*
Alantica Dream is the third book in the Schism Universe series. When I originally requested to read and review this book, I was unaware that there were other books written before this one. Normally, I would have immediately bought the first two and read them first before tackling this novel. But after reading several of Mr. Alders’ books, I’ve learned from experience that he tells a story so well, that a lot of his previous books in a series can be read as a stand-alone novel, and I was right. I had no trouble understanding the hatred the Schism clan has for shifters, and I was able to follow the storyline without feeling lost or confused. I will say that after I finished reading this book, I quickly bought the first two books and read them immediately afterward. Every book in this series is fantastic so I recommend reading all of them, and each one of them could also be read as a stand-alone book in the series.
And this is not How Publishing Really Works for everybody. But it was for me, and if Libby’s first book hadn’t been received well by a certain section of the reading public, then there would never have been any more, so all the honing of the craft over the previous twenty-odd years was necessary. It always is. Good luck!
When talking with teachers and school administrators about acceleration, anecdotes will only get a parent so far (meaning, of course, not far at all), and objective data are required. Such data includes things like IQ and achievement tests (which the school may provide. Or not.).
Instead, we have to push open the door, look at what is really going on with the process of how inequality is produced, and then do some figuring of whether there could be other ways to produce, service and distribute things so that the value of what we do is not taken away by a tiny minority. If there are, the problem then is how do we get from here to there.
13. Neglecting Scales
Berlin in 1928: In this real life story, young actor and musician Harry Frommermann publishes an advertisement in a newspaper and soon has formed a group out of singers Robert Biberti, Erich Collin, Ari Leschnikoff and Roman Cyckowski as well as pianist Erwin Bootz. The Comedian Harmonists eventually achieve huge popularity, success and wealth in Germany, Europe and the United States. The group’s trademark are not only brilliant singing performances – their talent to imitate music instruments gives the impression of listening to a whole orchestra. At first blithely unaware – reality hits as the Nazis gain power – three of the group’s members are Jewish. Very entertaining, very moving and brilliantly acted.
“I am afraid of their violent attitude,” said a visibly upset Lim.
"You're serious . . you really want to do something about this? Something er, not quite above board"
You can read the reviews there, and if after reading the reviews the reviewers have not convinced you to buy the book, I am going to demand that all the money I paid to those sons of bitches be returned.
But most British people are not against halal because of taste, obviously. They are against halal slaughter because it is cruel and barbaric. And it is cruel and barbaric precisely because it is ritualistic. The cruelty and barbarism go alongside the ritualism.
At the end of each “age”, players tot up their military strength cards and compare them to the players on either side of where they are sitting. If their military strength is greater than their neighbour, they gain a point bonus that increases with each “age”. If it is weaker, they take a score penalty. This remains the same — -1 — in each stage of the game.
Problem
Trappist IPA (10%abv) is Staurt's first brew of the series. It seems like I've cleverly chosen it for that reason, but it was just a coincidence - I wanted to drink something strong, full-bodied and slightly oxymoronic, and this fitted the bill pretty much perfectly. The big, sweet maltiness has a classic Trappist character - it reminds me of Chimay Blue - but then also has a big wallop of bitter hops arriving late in the day. The fruity malt trundles along nicely, but then the hops show up after the swallow, giving the beer a big, spicy, chewy character. It's unique and unusual, which sounds like a contemptible cheery-beery-ism, polite shorthand for poorly thought-out and barely drinkable, but as I finished it, I wished I had another bottle.
9) - Brooklyn Nightmares, See "NoLandGrab"
Forced, like a Hessian, from they native home,
So what's the trim color in our
Oh, and remember how I told you about that smug feeling I used to feel? Oh my, how that smug feeling has been slapped right outta me.
Passengers were advised to leave more time for their journeys.
The further up north you drive, the flatter the land becomes and the greener it seems. We drove close to the Dutch border, as my grand-parents live less than an hour from it. It is also here that I passed signs to a water-castle and indications pointing out that the prairies used to be duff. Gloomy moorlands that turned into wonderful green grass over the course of centuries. I can imagine pictures from my old history book in which people were bent over sticks and picked duff to make a living.
2010 Numbers
3. You see a gorgeous girl at a party. You go up to her and get her telephone number. The next day, you call and say: 'Hi, I'm very rich.'Marry me.' - That's Telemarketing
When contacted, the local police authorities said that despite being aware of the situation there was little they could do since no complaint had been registered. Chairperson of State Commission for Protection of Child Rights Nina P Nayak told Tehelka that the commission will investigate the matter and take further action.
Lilly: "Lets go Christmas shopping mom". "Honey, we have to wait til Daddy gets his check next week". "Not to get prestents mom!" "What are we going to get then Lilly?" "KEYS!"
some SERIOUS stash-usage here: even the die-cut and fussy-cut bits (as leslie would say, "parts is parts") were already in their current form, i just gathered them all from various scrap-based locations and assembled--woohoo. i think the youngest thing on this card is the luscious green background paper, i know i grabbed that last summer when my not-very-local-lss (sob!) was closing; the oldest are the velvet word stickers which i'm pretty sure i bought to make a valentine/birthday card for miss riley elizabeth when she was a toddler... so at the very least they are six/seven years old! (for the record, i still like them... and as you can see, i still use them from time to time!)
In fact, what has been called a “baby bust” in the United States is now over, according to a January report from Demographic Intelligence, published by W. Bradford Wilcox, associate professor of Sociology at University of Virginia, Charlottesville.
SO, is it up to me to provide an alternative for you my blog readers, or is it up to you if you want to remain updated on my blog posts? I've seen Blog Lovin' being used lately, but personally I don't want to start another thing - I like my Google Reader and want to stick with it the way I have been.
The paper I received came with one sheet of waterslide decal paper (distinguished by a blue watermark on the back) which you print your image onto and one sheet of the magic coating paper (distinguished by attached translucent protective paper).
For the past few days I had been sinking into the longest and deepest writing slump of my life. At the start of October, I had decided to do NaNo. It would have been my first NaNo and I was tremendously excited. I decided to plan a rough outline of the MG novel I would be re-writing as well as outlining books 2 and 3.
That’s all for today – written during a holiday with only a break to have lunch at mum’s, I’ll have to find a day of the week to study all the blogs, LOL! And now I’m behind with April’s writing, so I better go back to work! Have a great week!
I’m headed outside tomorrow for my nine-miler, even if it’s snowing.
The purpose of a one-sentence summary is to tell people
Love Bites
He nodded. "They said they were trying to take Talerssi from the Gift-Givers, but they either wouldn't or couldn't explain what it was."
If worse comes to worst that no matter how many times you wrack up your brain, still, nothing comes out or it is not really your cup of tea to innovate; you can just at least make sure that the routine work that you have finished was presented in its 100% quality state. What do I mean by this? Make sure that the data you encode on your tracker, database, application, system, tool, or program (however it is called in your respective industries) is complete, accurate, and correct. Proofread everything, even grammar and spelling. Review their corresponding presentations and formatting and ensure that if they are not the best form that they could be in/on, then improve them, reformat them, repackage them. Moreover, check your departments’ processes; methods and procedures; and statements. If there is any provision, clause, or whatnot that is not detailed, questionable, has loopholes, or hardly clear enough, then take the initiative to revise it. Make sure you save it as another copy though so you can show it to your boss first to get approval.
"We have to learn from the experiences of other countries. We have to learn how they have dealt with their challenges."
Postcard Caption:
Windsor, near Port Gibson, was the largest antebellum mansion ever built in Mississippi. Built in 1860, it survived the Civil War, but was destroyed by fire in 1890. Twenty-three columns are all that remain, and these Ruins of Windsor have been featured in numerous movies.
The problem is... it's all kind of chaotic in here!
New celebs at the festival included Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Alexander Sarsgaard, Penn Badgley (who looks AWFUL!), Zoe Kravitz, Nikki Reed and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley.
Kid#4 I don’t know how you guys can eat.
And where and when I shall myself die.
My fiance had also went out for some drinks with his friends and that man but he ended up leaving early but the other stayed.
As the web has gotten more and more dynamic, I have been using JavaScript to update content on a page without constantly sending postbacks and rendering HTML server-side. In many instances in the past, I have rendered the initial HTML server-side, and then later updated it via JavaScript. The problem with this model, is that you end up with two different sets of code rendering the same HTML. If you need to make a change, you need to update both your server-side and client-side templates.
No, I don't need them
2) Cream butter and sugar at (B) till pale and fluffy (butter and sugar must be well-creamed at this stage, takes about 10 to 15 minutes, depending on mixer).
As a general rule of thumb, lyrics about God should not be confusable with lyrics about one’s boyfriend, girlfriend, crush, whatever. That is not appropriate for a song about the the sovereign Creator of the universe who is unfathomably holy and righteous. Now, their might be some exceptions of good songs about God that some still find too ambiguous. Inserting sound doctrine in our songs would fix this, I believe.
It was tipping it down with rain on Wednesday morning. Well, tipping it sideways — the rain didn’t always manage “down”, what with the wind. I honestly thought I’d be doing two hours of weeding in the rain on my own, but another parishioner turned up (in full waterproofs) and together we got quite a bit more weeding done. It was too wet to risk taking any pictures, but the garden is fairly well protected from the wind so it wasn’t as uncomfortable as I’d feared.
Top right to left bottom:
Ledia Carroll & Mason Carroll, daughter & son from San Francisco
On a separate note but on the same theme
I made this card for a friend at church and the inspiration for the card came from scripture -- chapter one of Psalms speaks of a righteous man who is "like a tree firmly planted by streams of water. Which yields its fruit in its season, And its leaf does not wither; and in whatever he does, he prospers." Fathers need both the righteousness of the Lord and the wisdom of the Lord as they raise their families to love and follow God.
This continues with the main characters from Mr Khoury's previous two "Templar" novels (Last Templar & Templar Salvation) namely Tess Chaykin and Sean Reilly. This time something/one from Reilly's FBI agent past comes back to haunt them. Reilly gets a call from an old flame in desperate trouble. The body count grows rapidly as chaos ensues as an evil drug baron believed to be long dead by the authorities tries to get his hands on a potent drug formula derived from an ancient South American Indian recipe.
1 1/2 cups King Arthur Flour cake flour
so here’s some random thoughts:
his lips, hands and tongue
In the meantime, it’s got me thinking dystopically, or post-apocalyptically. Maybe it’s because we live in one of the places most vulnerable to hurricanes in the nation — and watched what happened to New Orleans. Maybe it’s The Walking Dead not to mention The Road and all the books written by the many fine writers who will be joining us this weekend. But I sometimes think about what I would do after the apocalypse. This is, of course, assuming I survive the apocalypse but hey, if I don’t then it’s not really my problem.
“What he said was like saying those behind the bombings are members of our party. Even if he has some security reports that suggest that, he should have a way of bringing such to the attention of the President and the leadership of the party.
or as I've always called it 'too damn good syndrome'. You know, that feeling that everything in your life is going so well, that any moment now it's bound to crash down around you? Sometimes -- okay always -- it's some irrational fear that something awful has happened any time someone you love is late getting home, or just an overall panic that somewhere, something is going wrong in a way that will cascade into your life?
6. Put a sign on my door saying “Dear Friends and Family, Mom and baby need extra rest right now. Please come back in 7 days but phone first. All donations of casserole dinners would be most welcome. Thank you for caring about this family.”
Anybody have cork? Do you love it? Let me know.
The lowest age of consent in the world is 12---yes, 12 years old and it is The VATICAN STATE----yes, look it up
sword, and the Christian’s charter.
“I would say, as a policy matter, sitting here in front of you today, we’ve not considered it,” Lieber said. “It’s the first time it’s been asked.”
But first, lets get started with June's challenge.
I’m currently watching 6 ongoing Kdramas and 1 ongoing Twdrama – and I’m lovin’ it!
Which brings me to my subject.
"It all seemed to be very systematic - groups were arriving in cars and getting involved in the violence.
There is change in the air around here as Junebug transitions into not taking an afternoon nap anymore and Monkeyboy keeps trying to get out of his morning nap. ﻿One of these days I won't have kids taking naps at all, which is a jolting thought! (You mean they're not going to be babies for forever?!?!) I've been scheduling my life around naptime for almost seven years now!
Of course, I eventually learnt that this was not How Publishing Really Works. Or even writing. I scribbled away as a young person, mainly pony stories, in brown covered Woolworth’s exercise books, narrow-feint (lines close together, in case you didn’t know). Then I grew up, realised that writing was not what I could do as a living and embarked on a varied, if not variegated, career, encompassing modelling, acting, DJ-ing, being a cabin crew member with BA and, after marriage, a personnel consultant (Brook Street Bureau) and lowly minion at The Observer.
I had a boyfriend in high school... he liked me, but I never stopped to ask myself if I liked him back. I think I liked the idea of having a boyfriend, and feeling like I was all grown up. I liked that I felt important to someone, but did I love him? I said those words thinking I knew what love was. I was young and I like the idea of what love was.
Skin: -Glam Affair- Eva- Light – Red Line
No not the least bit, the meeting was not really that important (to me) although the other party may not agree with me. I’ve started to realise that I can’t always be that incandescently focussed person that some people feel I should be. My eureka moment recently is that maybe my life is better focussed on what I want to do, and I should be honest with others and not just commit myself to things to make other people happy.
Months later Zach returns to discover Dinah is pregnant and her Aunt Clara believes he is the father. This is where the saga really takes off.
But that's what makes grace so beautiful. Grace comes and sits at the other end of the proverbial teeter-totter and helps us to find balance again. Grace gives us the strength to speak the truth (rather than hide it), while also giving us the wisdom to know how to share the truth lovingly (rather than bluntly or arrogantly).
After working with people from many different countries with minimal English for some years I have come to realise that in fact 'less is more' and perhaps it is even possible to get closer to your feelings if your vocabulary is very limited.
That splashes in small wooden dishes;
With my confidence now at an all-time high I spot an all-singing, all-dancing Hare Krishna quartet coming down Grafton Street and decide to join them. There’s no way I would have done this in my civvies and it is somewhat liberating.
Please excuse me for a moment, and make yourself comfortable on this divan, while Alan Rickman recites Shakespeare's Twelfth Night, Act I, Scene V, one of my particular favorites.
So if you are not one of my friends who read this blog, let me tell you a little bit about myself: I am heavily into non profits here in the city. I love working for them and supporting them, raising funds for them and putting their profile out there. In the past I have had TONS of fun putting together "Speed date for a cause" events, putting singles together to meet, greet, hopefully kick it off with a beat, and then throwing an after party for coupled friends to attend featuring performers, auctions, and raffles for all attending. It's been pretty successful in the past, with couples and prize-winners growing out of a fundraiser for a local NGO, and I'd love to replicate the experience with Key2theCity.
01 Introduction 7:57
Now, I like and admire Cédric as well as the achievement that his blog represents, and I wouldn’t stand by when I see someone I like and admire wish or call for censorship in a country full of ill-advised censorship and ukazes. Especially in a country where the Minister of Communication has just cut off the FM signal of Radio France Internationale (RFI) for its alleged negative reporting on the government of the Congo. In 2007, the Commission of Censorship banned the album Kotazo released by Papy Mbavu and its accompanying choreography on the same misplaced obscenity grounds. At that time I denounced the unintentional collusion of some journalists with those itching for censorship in the Congo in a post titled Kotazo censored: Taliban temptation and media complicity.
I can finally share my Big News, since now all the pieces have fallen into place. I do apologize for being a blatant tease but the pay off is worth it. This is the big one folks, everything I have been working for on paper, books, workshops, and sweat and tears:
In this context, I liked the article by Sue Reid in the Daily Mail, citing Barun Mitra, director of a New Delhi-based political think-tank, the Liberty Institute. "I am really surprised that your aid officials endeavour so hard to continue their presence in India. Is it really to help Indians, or is it to justify their own existence?" he asks.
there is a part of me that wanted to avoid all the unspeakable parts of being a woman, meaning, i had to reject my femininity.
“I’m not here to do an exposé on your life, Sal. I’m here about my own troubles. I need to tell a cop about a man who was murdered. But if you aren’t interested…”
As with many teams, the nose grabbed most attention when the car was launched. But rather than the shock from the awkward looking 2012 noses, there was curiosity over the letter box slots in the nose. There was one more visible slot on the upper section of nose and one less visible one below it.
Yes i think you've seen me before
5) Equipment - TL3 stuff, you may use Low Tech and its Companion books
It's no surprise that the home of, prolific Danish furniture designer, Børge Mogensen, has garnered so much attention, here, once again, lies a monument to the fact that great design is timeless.
This process was also difficult, but with the help of a great immobelien (real estate agent) our perseverance soon paid off. We've been in our new apartment now for three weeks. We are just around the corner from being settled and it feels so good.
With oak and ash and thorn.”
Start Smoking: As a former smoker, I can’t think of anything sexier then wheezing, strained breathing, carcinogenic chemicals, yellow teeth and bad breath. May I bum a cigarette? I have the sudden urge to look really, really sexy myself.
I won’t pretend to be an economist. I appreciate your efforts in high school Mr. Graper but numbers bore me. I know that there is a stock market to invest in and that there are other ways to invest money and get more back.
You know what? A good rattling of the old body and brain is always a good thing, right? The program today parlays nicely with what we did yesterday although if you did not heed our warning about mid line stability? Today is going to be hell and will expose a lot of weaknesses you need to address soon.
And the October 31 collapse of MF Global Holdings is prompting some critics to say Wall Street hasn't learned any lessons from the financial crisis. The futures brokerage house filed for bankruptcy after investors and traders became fearful that MF Global had taken on too much exposure to European sovereign debt in a bid to juice revenues.
The International Monetary Fund’s Christine Lagarde has again delivered a mixed message about the global economic recovery and warned “the eurozone is the epicentre of potential risk”.
Canterbury Whitebine
Slash loaves with a sharp knife and place in an oven that has been preheated to 200 degrees and dropped to 190 degrees when placing loaves in. Place a pan of water on the bottom rack of your oven.
That movie is magic for me every.single.time
Lair of the Minotaur
I hope to able to share more here and try to utilize this as a journal.....and just in case I cannot record youtube vids of my projects because you all know Iam a busy mother of 2 little ones =).. I have so many ideas and lots to share! Im extremely ecstatic, now that I have a blog I can be able to leave you ladies comments on your blog and participate in blog hops and blog candy giveaways.. so HOORAY!
7:43 a.m. — Atlanta
Here is the ‘squiggle’ that I drew yesterday:
This leaves aside, of course, any concerns about whether or not it is still OK for us to grab our neighbours and use them as slaves, or to go around killing anyone who works on the Sabbath.
You remember the English serfs, right? Serfs worked for extremely wealthy landowners for no pay at all. When all the wealth goes to a very few extremely wealthy people, that’s called an extractive economy.
It a quiet town and I am loving the food after the scary cow boat food, there is loads of chinese and juanes typical food from the jungle, what I am struggling with is the fact that the only coffee I can get is nescafe.
I fell asleep! Curse this body and its need for rest, it shall be the death of me!
Do you see where I'm going with this already? Good.
5. Divide pork mixture and 1 1/2 cups of the cheese among tortillas, placing meat and cheese near the edge of each tortilla. Roll up tortillas. Place filled tortillas, seam sides down, in the prepared baking dish (place tortillas close together); top with the remaining enchilada-green chile pepper mixture. Cover with foil; bake for 25 minutes. Sprinkle with the remaining 1/2 cup cheese. Bake, uncovered, about 5 minutes more or until heated through and cheese is softened and starts to brown slightly.
Living in Southern California has its perks, seemingly constant sun, good weather, unbelievable beaches, gorgeous mountains, and fabulous cities. Down here I feel like anything is possible and I want to do everything. After spending 4 years in Northern California I have finally returned and I am ready to take advantage of everything Southern California has to offer. I want to hang out at the beaches, play in the amusement parks, hike in the mountains and party in the city.
Myspace.com/jeromevbrooke
My teachers probably remember me as… small, bookish, and obsessed with rabbits
Next up for me is trying to complete my 1975 Topps Set. I am working on securing a reasonably priced Brett RC on eBay right now. I need 35 cards - check out my want list if you think you can help. Outside of the Brett, I do need some HOF (but none of the super costly ones) and quite a few team cards and checklists. Hoping to knock this one in the next couple of months.
REAL
“It could be Truck’s,” answered Hank.
—-. Experience & Education. New York: Touchstone Books, 1938, 1997.
And yet, Tuesday evening found me lakeside with three dear friends, savoring a picnic in the park. The water glistened in the sun, children played together, dogs barked, a baby cried and all was right with the world.
In the video below you will see how long the set up takes for the NFL to get everything they need for the draft. As well as Robert Griffin the III around NYC going through promotion visits and talking about his draft situation.
Now onto this week's challenge. A fun one we hope. This week our theme is
This gives me the opportunity to roll out one of my favorite old saws that will likely lead to my untimely death, when Ms. Angel-Mo plants a hammer in my head after having heard it for the 1,843rd time:
I decided it was high time to start experimenting and see what I could come up with. Have you ever had an idea but were too afraid to try it? Worried that it might not work out? Well, I am here to tell you, DON'T BE AFRAID! I do this all the time. And to be honest, I fail a lot! I very rarely have a plan and I just let the organic process of creating happen. And the process is so much fun! And how awesome when one of your ideas actually works out into a gorgeous creation that you will forever be proud of! Follow me during my process!
The fresh one. Fruity and juicy with enough acidity and funk to balance things out. Darker than previous years as some of the raspberries were actually blackberries.
I think about exercise when I should be concentrating on school/work._____
David: My favorite parts of the 'music seen' around here are: the people I get to play music with; the seco pearl; KUNM free-form & my recording studio up in Questa: the BARN.
She nodded, mouth suddenly gone dry. This was it, she was going to ride this horse if it killed her. And she had a sinking feeling it probably would.
about a single thing.
Sure, I may be the only person in the world who may have this particular viewpoint, but you get where I am heading, right? The FP submitted YWMC. Yes. The one that went for 30+ chapters and never hit a single plot point because I was busy chasing girly silly stuff. Now that I have a direction in which I want the story to move, the sequence of events are coming together much more elegantly, elaborately, and quickly. (Oh, I pray I do not jinx myself.) Sure, I am still pinpointing a title and attempting to perfect Nix’s hairstyle, but those are minor things that shouldn’t stop me from pushing forward.
taguirre@oneidanation.org
I have asked Charlene some questions that I think will provide insight into her as an author and as a spiritual leader and are questions we all ask as we walk through this life. She has graciously agreed to answer these questions which will be the content for this blog. I hope you enjoy Charlene’s inspiration and I recommend her book as well. There are many free gifts from Spiritual luminaries of all walks of life that are yours when you purchase your copy of the book. There is more on that at the conclusion of the interview.
614. – Junk Food Tasty Tuesday @ Teresa’s Next Door –
The below are the (almost) names of members of the field for Kentucky Oaks 138. If a horse isn’t listed, that simply means only one name was submitted and that name was granted.
7. Stormy Monday Blues
No touching, loving denied
In a large soup pot on medium heat, saute the leeks in a teaspoon or two of olive oil until they are soft and translucent. (The leeks could be skipped if you want) Add the garlic, curry powder, cumin and cayenne and saute for 1 or 2 minutes until aromatic. Add roasted veggies and stir. Add 6 cups (48 ounces) of chicken or veggie broth and bring to a simmer.
I am SO inspired lately, by an idea presented by Jim Carrey when he was on Inside the Actors Studio (I know, it’s a random reference…but this has REALLY stuck with me), when he was asked about how he creates his characters. He said that he finds that we all have one Central Belief about ourSelves that is Wrong. It’s a belief like “I’m not good enough,” or “I don’t deserve love”. And he creates characters by asking what their Belief about themSelves is, because as we become ourSelves, we are reacting to this Belief, and trying to negate it, absolve it, make it not-True anymore. We create lives out of wanting to prove ourSelves wrong about this core belief. ”I don’t deserve Love, but I am in a relationship, see? I did it!,” that sort of thing…not consciously, of course, but you see what’s emerging here, right?
The second, to reduce the drug free zones from 2,000 feet to 1,000 feet, had the consent of most D.A.’s and many Sheriffs. In urban areas, 2,000 feet covers the whole town! Again this change would cost the taxpayers nothing.
And while John Hawkes, who plays the character Teardrop with amazing presence, is not from the south, he was born and raised in rural Minnesota and started his career in theater in Austin, Texas.
Mom thought that was funny.
And as we say up in the North,
There are some nice performances, especially from James Woods, but for a controversial rape / revenge drama check out the recent remake of I Spit On Your Grave (see review elsewhere here).
Gregory: he’s still a terrible candidate
Nothing can be lost of this world but to lose your soul. Your home is not your home. It’s a temporary dwelling. All that is permanent remains in heaven. Why labor and struggle just to have a big house and a fancy car? All the riches are in Jesus Christ. What you have lost in life cannot be compared to what is in heaven. As a believer, know that it is God who must be first and second to no one or thing. Know it is well with God, no matter what you are going through.
I hit “continue” and uploaded our double date – Craigslist ad. Within about 30 minutes, my computer practically exploded with responses. I mean we received hundreds. Some were d*ck-pics and they were deleted after a glance and a snide comment for not following orders. Then I slowly worked my way through their faces. If I liked one, I’d shoot it off to Rayanne and she would give her yeah or neigh. We had such a blast doing this, I can’t even tell you. We went back and forth with the photos for days. Eventually, we got to the part where Rayanne needed to call a few of the guys on the phone.
Was a beautiful day
as my wife who slept restlessly
So, it’s May! I don’t know if that one deserves a ‘yoohoo!’ but I am too bummed to do that. In other news, let us talk about the subject of this entry, April 2012. I think that this month is basically about a boring summer. This would be the month when I slept at 2 am and woke up at twelve. Another characteristic would be that how I hate my hometown.
Well, I don't know what else to say about it. I live with it, it sucks, and yeah, I'm bitter.
Grosvenor does provide what they describe as marketing packages, but author should be aware that this is confined to the printing of posters and postcards and a unique domain name and website. The website package is priced at £299 for just two years hosting space.
9. Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
Warriors are never sorry
R.E. "Tuck" Duncan, a Statehouse lobbyist working with organizations seeking passage of the bill, said the objective was to establish into statute the opportunity for liquor stores to host tastings in a manner reflecting events well known to wine-country enthusiasts. A Senate hearing on the bill is likely in a couple of weeks. The measure hasn't sparked an outpouring of criticism, he said.
“Would you care for a drink, Miss Thorn?”
3-4 pounds potatoes (skins left on), washed and sliced 1/4 to 1/2 inch
I am hoping to attend the Edgeryders Unconference in Strasbourg in June to find other people who see things in a similar way so hopefully I can start building a future, and create projects that aren’t so male dominated, particularly in London. I don’t necessarily want to get involved in a feminism dominated environment but I certainly want to be involved in a project where everyone has a voice and one that isn’t focused on collapse, but one that is more nurturing, one that focuses on a more positive outlook – the world as we see it now might be on the brink of collapse, but for me to continue, I need to focus past that and on to a future that works for all; from the smallest voice to the shoutiest. We have an opportunity to create a better world, not work our way through the ashes of the old.
Myricom DBL 2.0 software has benchmarked application-to-application UDP latency of under 3.5 microseconds and transparent sockets TCP latency of 4.0 microseconds. For HFT applications, DBL enables unmatched networking performance for UDP multicast and TCP order execution, all over industry-standard 10-Gigabit Ethernet.
One of the things I'm thinking as I write this post is Gosh, it's been a long time since I actually sat down and wrote a post. I had managed to schedule all of my A-Z Challenge science posts by April 1, so my blogging time was consumed almost entirely with replying to your wonderful comments here and commenting on other blogs--i.e. running around the blogosphere trying to keep up with all the Challenge madness.
The official BBC website have released the official video of the very first Series Seven trailer. The trailer premiered on the cinematic big screen the weekend just gone, during the official Doctor Who Convention in the Millennium Centre, Cardiff.
Tell me what you are thinking right now. (He put a hand on my head.) What's going on in there?
The first target of this law was a small town that had public owned beach on Lake Michigan that a developer wanted for a golf course. The overseer was appointed, and among the first actons was to sell part of the towns beach park to the golf course and housing edition developer. The park was donated to the town many years ago, with the proviso that the land be free to all citizens thereafter. This did not apparently matter to the overseer, or the golf course and housing edition developer.
with crooked mouths and broken staves
Fans filled sets of bleachers surrounding each of the eight fields at Fabens park, some of which had people surrounding the outfield fences as well. The size of the crowd forced Croucher to expand parking in to a second parking lot.
Remove from skillet and cut into square or triangular pieces. Serve with extra sauce on the side.
Then in the jar I layer diced angel food cake, sliced strawberries, and the whipped mixture. You can make as much or as little as you like of this sweet treat.
Sam leads a pretty normal life. He may not have the most exciting job in the world, but he’s doing all right—until a fast food prank brings him to the attention of Douglas, a creepy guy with an intense violent streak.
LONG LIVE GILT!
First, we're going to bury the Alleluia. MCM and I made a sign almost exactly like the one this link leads you to, and we hung it over the fireplace. Tomorrow (Mardi Gras or Shrove Tuesday) we'll "bury" it somewhere in the house and pull it out again on Easter morning.
POWERED BY: Top 7 (yes seven) times were set by cars powered by either Renault or Ferrari.
Cover surface with plastic wrap and set aside to let cool.
someone who made stupid mistakes
Overview:
Os Mutantes- Dia 36
4. Do you have any tricks to share that help you reach your fruits and veggies goal for the day? I start every morning with a Green Monster Smoothie, which gives a serving of fruit and two servings of veggies. Lunch is a salad filled with TONS of veggies. And I make sure to have some sort of veggie for dinner, too. If I’m craving something sweet after dinner, I try to make sure I have grapes or watermelon or berries on hand for a healthy dessert.
Ed G. Spivey smiled, his last thought,
is there any deeper loneliness or pain than knowing that your best just ISN’T good enough?
It’s no wonder that song is achingly beautiful.
Once the administration fee is paid applicants are invited to submit a text of no more than 500 words in Spanish or English outlining their proposal for LUZ: light reactions. Applicants should also submit up to three images contextualising their work to date. These images must be 300dpi and a maximum dimension of 1000 pixels on the longest side. Please do not send individual e-mails exceeding 1mb. Several e-mails will suffice.
So, without further adoo (never tried to spell that one before, adew??? no wait....adeu!??) Anyways.
So, Lily Collins’ Seventeen cover. I don’t know if she’s wearing even more neon in her spread because I didn’t feel the need to actually open the magazine. I’ll do some follow-up if I have the stomach for it. Back to the thin line between chicness and tackiness. Neon bag? I approve. Neon everything? Not cute. The magazine looks even trashier in person. It literally made me want to barf. Also, I disapprove of the collar-necklace-and-bib-necklace’s-love-child thing. But to the point, Seventeen‘s attempt at neon was a fail. Jenna Lyons, however, is a different story entirely. Not just because I love J. Crew and Proenza’s bags are perfection, but because the whole outfit is perfection. Neon is intense, and neon on neon isn’t the way to go. The way to pull off neon is to let it be the statement piece of the outfit. When the neon is competing for attention with everything else you’re wearing, that’s when it goes wrong.
Negative: Coldness, aloofness, lack of emotion, unfriendliness.
I've tried meditation, and all that happens I end up internally shouting at the little voice in my head to SHUT THE FUCK UP. Which is ironic, since its the little voice that is telling itself to shut the fuck up.
the scent of dust,
While Hartman recorded infrequently over a four decade career (especially in comparison to his peers), Songs From the Heart (1955), I Just Dropped By to Say Hello and John Coltrane & Johnny Hartman (both 1963) easily rank alongside the greatest jazz albums ever, vocals or no vocals. Esquire magazine even chose his collaboration with Coltrane as the greatest album ever made, and while rock fans would argue that point, the masterpiece is certainly one of the most exquisitely beautiful ever recorded. Although a select group of loyal fans and (especially) jazz musicians loved these albums, by the late-1960s Hartman was working primarily in Japan and Australia (where he starred in his own TV specials). By the late-’70s Hartman was working back in the States, where he earned a Grammy nomination in 1980. Then, just as his career was taking off again, he developed cancer and died in 1983. In the mid-’90s, longtime fan Clint Eastwood included a handful of Hartman tracks in his darkly romantic adaptation of The Bridges of Madison County. The film introduced Hartman to a whole new generation of listeners, and the resulting soundtrack CD, as well as two re-issued Hartman albums, quickly sold more than any of his work had during his lifetime.
Anyway, at the end of last week and this weekend we've had Stevie's parents staying with us. At this point I should mention that in actual fact I am far more tolerant of his parents than he himself is. I sometimes get the impression that he could quite happily wave them back on the plane an hour and half after their arrival. Much as I'd love to outline where my tolerance breaks down, I will resist, because you just never know who's reading. And it's not that I have written down all the hundreds of little funny anecdotes I have, more because they are super defensive and wouldn't appreciate the little tales I tell about their son.
It's a little weird, actually. We've been working on this manuscript for a year and a half now, and this will be the first time someone in the actual publishing industry will see it. We're half excited, and half terrified.
But sometimes we forget that our children may need something slightly different.
hope you had a great weekend!
Due to the growth of the hobby in the past ten years or so, a lot of manufacturers have jumped into this particular fray to snag the cash of the enthusiastic collector. Sad to say, not all of them are willing to return quality on the dollar. This can manifest in numerous ways, from the hideous to the funny, to the outright dangerous (if you are a practicing martial artist, for instance). This blog is inspired by those glitches in the system. :)
I read the Poulos pieces. I found them both extremely difficult to understand. When I say that, I don’t mean it a ha ha funny way, I mean I actually found most portions the essays undecipherable. That his writing is pompous and pretentious is obvious, but that it is just plain unreadable is inexcusable. I mean, when I was reading them I kept asking myself stuff like “Am I missing something here?” “Do I need to work on my reading comprehension skills?” “Am I secretly stupid?” “Have I forgotten how to read?” Because–I swear–that mess just came off as something I imagine William F. Buckley writing after huffing some spray paint. It was almost poetry in its own weird, bad way.
Natalie Fischer is the new agent on the block at the BRADFORD LITERARY AGENCY in San Diego, who specialize in Romance –historical, romantic suspense, paranormal, category, contemporary, erotic– urban fantasy, women’s fiction, mystery, thrillers, and young adult. Non fiction topics include business, relationships, biography/ memoir, self-help, parenting, narrative humor. They work long and hard with their chosen writers. It is a partnership for life.
Kim was an interesting character, broody and intriguing, with seemingly little patience at the start. The initial meeting between the two, and the growing attraction lent itself to some great scenes, and was definitely one of the more enjoyable aspects of the book. Layered over the history between them and the souls that live within them, and Gibsen definitely wove their relationship in a good way.
would make me cave in a split second.*
A couple of weeks ago Pumpkin made his 2nd First Communion, you can read about that here. He wanted to go through the ceremony with his friends. He looks pretty happy here, and I am sure it was because he got to celebrate with friends and Dad was the Deacon(the one making bunny ears)
O'Hanlon's Brewing Co. Ltd. Thomas Hardy's Ale (2003-2008)
This is for the obvious reason that there usually is nothing more to report; a UFO is here one minute, gone the next. And in many cases, if not the majority, trained observers such as police and military witnesses are reluctant to be publicly identified.
Forget all that. This one's easier than you realize. Simply invite a slew of friends & family over. Pour copious amounts of alcohol down their throats until they can't even remember their own name, let alone, if the turkey was edible. At least, this is my plan.
Made for gentle shampoo fans; ideal for all hair types
Duration: 60 mins
The large size was just what my dining space needed. And it's so great to have an additional light source above the table. I was surprised at how much it brightened the space - even with just the one bulb.
Eichmannism is especially dangerous because it is so utterly banal. Some of the nicest people turn out to be mini-Eichmanns. When Eichmann was in the dock in Jerusalem, he actually said that some of his best friends were Jews. And the horror of it is that he was probably telling the truth, for there is nothing personal about Eichmannism. It is the language of regulations, and includes such logical sentences as, “If we do it for one, we have to do it for all.” Can you imagine some wretched Jew pleading to have his children spared from the gas chamber? What could be more fair, more neutral, than for some administrator to reply, “If we do it for one, we have to do it for all.”
Someday down the road I will get my sleep back.
Now this is a good basic cookbook. It is perfect for beginners but also for seasoned cooks who like to keep a reference book on food on the shelf. What I like about this book is that it explains how to select, store, and prepare everything from herbs to meat. There are recipes included throughout, but this book is more about the food itself and the community which produces it. Stories about the producers and the people involved in bringing the food to the Bi-Rite Market also make the book seem very familiar. This is an amazing book, and I think it is a book everyone should keep on their bookshelf. It will quickly become your most used cookbook, I bet.
Not to ward off a certain warmth in the heart that this can't help but bring about, for it is, after all, a bear cub rampaging quietly in a produce section. But to let there be something here worth dwelling with, that is: yes, but that reaction of OMG cute! means also that there is something too proximate, too aligned to a shadow falling over these years, a shadow that is a counterfactual and asks merely,
We are still able to include her in family gatherings,
My Islam is the way
"Ok, Um Erica, can I speak with someone else."
(Moving down seven spots) 10.) Gargoyles (Season 2, Vol. 2 and Season 3) – In 1994, the syndicated block of Disney animated shows known as “The Disney Afternoon” debuted a little known show entitled Gargoyles. It has gone on to be one of the biggest Disney cartoon shows ever produced with a fan base to rival most other fantasy/ sci fi shows. Disney released a few episodes on VHS back in the 90′s and then started releasing the full show in 2005, stopping at the first half of the second season. The second half of season two and The Goliath Chronicles, known by some simply as season three, have yet to be released despite the great demand for this show.
The second thing I read about was that I needed to get a really great shop banner that emphasizes my style and the type of items I will carry. So I picked Jess Polotas at Artistic Marketing to handle that for me. She made me a really cool banner that I could just stare at for hours! We talked back and forth sharing ideas and within 24 hours I had my banner!
Now I'm sick. I started getting a sore throat on Tuesday, but I went running anyway. Wednesday I had an important appointment and had to go, but I was feeling OK. Thursday, I had bronchitis and today, I've got a raging cold.
For the fourth or fifth time, I served as a graduation marshal, this time at the summer 2010 commencement ceremonies at Texas A&M University. The marshal's charge is to line up graduates-to-be (College of Engineering masters' graduates, in my case) in alphabetical order in a staging area prior to their marching out to the arena floor.
“North Carolina should be lowering barriers to public broadband initiatives rather than establishing new ones,” their letter says, arguing that the state would be cutting off potential federal stimulus grants.
The point is that every so often I get a craving for that book. That specific book. And heaven help me if I can’t find it, because I will tear the place apart until I do. They’re like my comfort food for the brain. They’re like popcorn. Only made out of paper. And you don’t eat them. Okay, so it was a bad metaphor.
When I have the perspective of time and experience, will it matter if I persevere at the dishes?
I don't show my writing to an idiot. I show it to someone with common sense, but not as interested in the subject as I am. This is often my PA., but could be anyone who happens to be around.
Rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars
Coat the mangoes with oil.
"We would also point out that protecting IP and advancing public health are not at odds with each other, and by examining the prospect of eliminating IP rights and branding in this way the U.K. government is sending both a troubling signal to those concerned with IP erosion globally and presenting a false choice. The rule of law and legal certainty are not just very important for the business community. They are vital to ensuring innovation is encouraged and rewarded and meaningful jobs are created. Furthermore, illicit activity in the tobacco sector that robs the government of revenue, undermines public health objectives, impairs legitimate business and enriches organized crime ought to be a major concern in considering this public consultation. It is our hope that through this consultation and subsequent somber reflection the U.K. government will put this exercise aside.
do you ever stand
Several research studies suggest it is because the act of writing, forming letters with a pen rather than a keyboard, influences academic development and performance.
The cookie turned out to be one of the most tender and delicious pineapple tart I have eaten. My dad couldn't stop eating them and at one point, was stuffing 2 cookies at one time into his mouth! Kind of funny to see the old man behaving like a kid.
2. Donate items to sell in the rummage sale. Rummage sale items can be dropped off Monday through Thursday, April 9th-12th (3pm-5pm) behind the High School in the Band Trailer, or on Friday, April 13th (3 pm – 8pm) in the SMS Cafeteria.
Hmmmm, still not my favorite look - - - BUT I saved my "pennies" for purchasing some new old antiques instead.
Me: Yeah. I guess. I just don't want you to think I'm criticizing you.
This is when you need to put in a line break.
let all my senses merge in one
Talking about batman- "This thing is called a slimer. It'll cut your head off and might give you a bleed."
Shit to Reform and all who adore it. I'm allowed to say that ... because it won't make a bit of difference.
I know a lot of people who read this blog are DIYers and if you need to update your porch these are gorgeous (take a second to look at the page because there is a picture of them being used! This artist also boasts free shipping (which is awesome!) and can cut as many of these as you need. If you're updating your home or want to add some interest to your porch these are definitely the way to go. This artist has more styles too!
Well my Sunday is coming to a close just as yours is beginning. Have a great week!!!
Where an old man sits in the warm sun
Even “non nonsense” and “robust” tactics as per below somehow failed to work
Today’s Calories: 70
Prediction? Fulham will want to atone for the thrashing Everton gave them only a few days ago so will their second visit to Merseyside in a week be more productive? I think not and take us to win 2-0.
Detective Warrant Officer Jean-Pierre van Zyl-Roux, in an affidavit, said the men were part of a group involved in dealing in specially protected game, particularly white rhino, in KwaZulu-Natal.
This is a drink Koosie, cut open, like a book...these were leftovers from a Sr. party us parents threw, just for them, which was so much fun, a great last time together as a class. If your Sr. doesn't have a party like that planned, you should head one up!
I found a couple bamboo baskets on sale from Target a couple weeks ago which fit perfectly into the bottom shelves. I put all of our random candles in the one on the left, and all of Benelli's toys in the right. He knows that's where they are because sometimes he'll sit in front of the basket and lightly paw at it, letting us know he wants to play. Also from Target, (and on sale) is the white leather bin on the floor to the left of the stand. We have all of the controllers and accessories for the game systems in there. Finally, I bought some blue glass vases from Hobby Lobby, (during their 50% off glassware sales), and moved the speakers behind the TV for a cleaner look.
Protected by the
In conclusion: Beware. These would tempt even the Dalai Lama.
She stripped off her soaked dress and his heart came to a stuttering halt. His vision focused on the smooth ivory back, the gentle curve of the side of her breast and heat plunged through his veins. A fire roared to life inside his body unlike any he’d ever experienced before.
I'm going to be arbitrary and say that the Konrath/Eisler piece marks the point at which self-publishing went mainstream (at least, as mainstream as publishing business models ever get). Maybe it went mainstream earlier, but certainly not any later - anything I've heard of is mainstream, because I have my ear to the ground on exactly nothing. If nothing else, Barry Eisler admitting that he passed up a half-million-dollar advance to self-publish was a huge event, without any precedent that I'm aware of.
1. Heejun Han
In case you thought the war with Hamas had quietened down in the south over the last few months you would be sadly mistaken. The latest in the worsening news is that white phosphorus has been found in the missiles shot from Gaza towards Israel’s southern communities. Yes, this is the same white phosphorus that Israel was libellously accused of shooting at civilians during Cast Lead 2 years ago.
Here’s my Facebook status from this morning:
Stamps: Mark's Finest Papers A Heinrich Co - Spring Flowers
What to know before you go
Who will work on the oil spill or prosecute the car bomber from Times Square?
At this stage we do have a loose release date of 3rd May 2013 for the US and the UK, but no word yet for Australia.
Getting brushed
I’m working on creating an XSLT that exports to CSV, so I can start to get a lot of my books into goodreads and librarything. I also have a lot of ISBN’s, subjects, imprints, and series information to enter, before I can really start to migrate to a new format.
It would be pretty upsetting, I imagine.
Scriptural Sundays - I will be posting a bible verse for the week here.
The owner of Qbrick, Yamamoto-san, always pays careful attention to his food menu. For this event, he worked up an Octoberfest Plate, which included two types of sausages, roast chicken, ham, a large pretzel, German potatoes, mashed potatoes, and sauerkraut. Filling indeed, if a touch pricey at ¥2,200.
Assistant Superintendent
From: Jeff
Munoz FM, Campbell JR, Atmar RL, et al. Influenza A virus outbreak in a neonatal intensive care unit. Pediatr Infect Dis J 1999; 18: 811-815.
Maintain your organization’s corporate minute books or other organizational records up to date, including preparation of shareholder and director resolutions required during the applicable period(s), and complete, where necessary, required shareholder or other ownership interest documentation;
Simulacrum Selection
It is your presence, your scent in my room, the smell of your perfume in my teddy bear, that look you give me when you're horny, that voice you make to talk to me in my ear, your laugh whn I tickle you. The only thing that is wrong with me is that I miss you ok. Anything else, I just feel miserable when you're not around.
I know now where they have been
This particular gift is very specific to my school but I made one with a teacher quote just for you! I got all creative and did my own little rhyme for my personal one. At our school, our ISS teacher has a cooler full of ice and she puts pop (soda for anyone who's not sure what pop is) in it each day. The money goes to our Relay for Life donation. It seems so simple, but we are always scrounging around for 2 quarters to buy an ice cold pop. For today's gift, I included 4 quarters and some candy. I sprung for the good stuff ~CHOCOLATE! Hey, it's the end of the year...we have to get there on something...it may as well be caffeine and chocolate!
But it didn’t take long to make it into the room and it was brilliant. (I have to say that is the first concert I have been too and I hope to go tom many more). There were support acts from Youngman, Wretch 32 and DJ Alvin Risk. And I enjoyed every minute and being with friends made it all the better. We went to McDonalds for a late night eating, got back to the house and went to bed.
Product placement advertising is effective because the viewers of these television shows enjoy identifying with the people in them, and being able to own or do the same things these people are doing makes the viewer feel more connected to them. I wonder how many viewers looked up Livingsocial after this episode of the Kardashians.
was available,
On that airplane a few weeks ago, I recognized this pain and joy as both my reality and my inheritance as a follower of Jesus. I was in the midst of another prolonged encounter with God (He told me I’m very undistracted on airplanes, so that’s why it keeps happening that way), and I found myself unsure of whether I wanted to go much deeper. It was the pain that made me want to run, of course, because to be honest, to date I still have been more frequently acquainted with pain than with its return. That is promised to change, but I haven’t lived long enough yet.
Bring to a slow boil, then reduce heat and simmer for at least an hour. When the sauce is thickened and flavorful, spoon into pasta and stir. This pasta and sauce mixture can be spooned into waiting containers to make TV Dinners for another rainy night. I put steamed asparagus or broccoli on the other side of my divided containers and popped everything into the freezer (after allowing to cool).
Lost My Power
To begin the steaming process, make sure the water is rapidly boiling so it produces high heat and full steam before adding fish on the steamer basket. This ensures constant heat right through the cooking time. See to it your water is kept below the steaming rack and not in contact with food. Steam a small fish for 5-8 minutes, and 8-10 minutes for a bigger fish. Use your best judgment. For bigger fish, you might need to watch the level of water and add more as needed.
Creating energy this way would be like magicking water into existence by taking some water, freezing it, then melting the ice, and experting to find more water than you started with. It’s not going to get you very far. You don’t get something for nothing.
Every decision in my life has lead me to this shiny metal holding cell and now I’m not too sure I made the right choice. In minutes my first match would begin and suddenly my stomach drops and my joints turn soft.
ICI was vulnerable to foreign interest for two reasons: the lack of Government interest in its possible future and the shareholders’ greed for cashing in — to the exclusion of other considerations. So no one gave much thought to what might happen next.
Wappat: How long did the Six-Day War between Egypt and Israel last?
So quick post from me today and over at Here Come The Boys our new challenge is HOBBIES.....and remember to keep it male themed too!
At 6 minutes:
1 cup sugar ( I only used 1/2 cup sugar)
In his recent analysis of the post-bin Laden landscape, Seth Jones from the US conservative think tank Rand Corporation, describes al-Qa’ida’s expansion through South Asia, North Africa and the Middle East as a “mergers and acquisitions” strategy.
I'd drink that.
It wasn’t until after Abby’s death, when Kassi was searching — begging, really — for answers, did she find out those things are symptoms of kids playing the game. In fact, this year had been smoother than the year before, when peer pressure and anger issues were raised with Abby, who at one point even told her mother she wanted to move to West Virginia with her dad.
Challenged, but retained, by the Catawba County School Board in Newton, North Carolina. A parent requested the book be pulled from the school libraries because it allegedly undermines religious beliefs.
A little over an hour later all eight of us finalists stand in front of the audience and Tim Mcloughlin is just about to announce the winning essay and as I'm standing there I'm thinking how too bad America couldn't vote I mean after all America would love me wouldn't they? I mean if the audience or America had a chance to vote I'd certainly win wouldn't I?
still on the cob
7. Unauthorized Drone Wars: Unprovoked wars without authorization, accountability, or independent oversight only seem to be escalating; and with little resistance. The US Congress no longer votes to “declare war”. They simply give the Commander in Chief broad “authorization” to use force against specific nations. However, even that is not broad enough in the rapid pursuit of empire. Now, joystick warriors directed by the CIA and Pentagon have targeted at least three countries with “unauthorized” military strikes; Pakistan, Yemen, and Somalia. Even worse, they waged a full-scale war for regime change and resource plundering in Libya without any authority inside the United States. Under the NATO flag, which is 75% funded by the U.S., they flew over 9200 strike sorties in Libya to illegally topple Gaddafi. Drunk with success, the bloodthirsty empire marches on to their next preemptive targets, Syria and Iran. Quick morality check: unprovoked killing and stealing as a first resort is still wrong, right?
When I get that 1/2 billion dollars, I’ll seek out deserving people (kind of like Secret Millionaire) and share it when they least expect it. My criteria would be high. Anyone who asked for the money would be instantly denied. In that group, I’d find another struggling writer like myself and help them fulfill their dream.
you always looked classy, in your fur-collared velvet coat. your black patent purse and matching heels shone in the sun. you always had the right jewelry to match.
As far as the French goes, I do not speak French. That took quite a bit of research. I talked to French speaking people (in France) for some of the words to make sure the right conjugation of a word was used. French words have a LOT of conjugations! Obviously, some of the words we all know, but I decided to list even the common ones in a glossary and use an endnote (footnote in paperback) the first time a word is used. I also knew that some people would love this addition and some would find it odd. I felt it gave a unique flavor to the book and also knew the bohemians were considered odd, so the “oddness” fit. So far, more people have said it was a nice addition than that it was jarring, so that is cool.
It took me only five minutes to realize why the chaps were finding it hard to work on the comparison microscope supplied by the Germans. The contraption was fitted with the wrong lenses for examining fired bullets and cartridge cases, and the magnification was way too high. Luckily, most of the casework involved Soviet ammunition in the AK-47 calibre, which usually required a higher magnification during examination. I proceeded to instruct the men on how to locate the fine neck-marks on the spent cartridge cases. The high magnification was still inappropriate, but despite this drawback we did manage to take some excellent photographic evidence of cartridge case and bullet identification. Mr Chimphepo, the Ballistic Unit commander, and Mr Sibanda, a crime photographer and document examiner, became close friends and pen-pals for many years.
Books? Not recently. My eyesight is failing and I have great difficulty reading nowadays. That’s a shame….I love reading. The last book I read in full apart from winger’s ‘She Stood There Laughing’ was Primo Levi’s ‘If This Is A Man’. A harrowing tale of one man’s survival in Auschwitz. Shortly after reading it, I visited Auschwitz. The horror of his story gave my visit more meaning. I’ve just written a novel. Whether it gets published or not is debatable. We’ll see.
I am actually jinxed when it comes to soups. I am not crazy about soups and I seldom get them right when I make from scratch. Whenever we crave soup, we go for the canned ones, jazz it up with leek and such and enjoy it hot. I must also add that I am not a fan of the clear soups and prefer the creamy ones (cream of mushroom, chicken and celery topping the list) any day.
Russ Courtnall
Illamasqua nail varnishes are definitely not cheap, costing US$14 at Sephora and £13.50 on the Illamasqua website. However, I find them well-worth the price, as ease of application and unique-ness of shades definitely trumps low-price in my book =)
I have lost a few very important people in my life,
by Imogen Evans, Hazel Thornton, Iain Chalmers and Paul Glasziou
A common error we find today is short term thinking, delayed gratification is certainly not in vogue. Eternity is not at the forefront of my or most people’s minds and we seem to forget this life is a dress rehearsal!
To die
But for all these crazy cartoons and videogames, I don’t really know too much about Japan, it’s culture, and the mecca city they call Tokyo. So here are 5 things I’ve learned on my first day out and about on the streets of this great place!
I don't have the foam board photo frame tutorial today. But I have two boxes to share. My dear regular blog readers knew I made those flowers even the teeny tiny ones. I crochet so many flowers that I think I could do it with my eyes close. :)
As this day creeps back in to my calendar year I realize how fresh this wound still is. I think of you often. I remember our memories and still wish you were here. I remember when I made the call and heard the news, my fears confirmed, I fell to the ground and the tears didnt fail to follow. I couldn’t believe it was happening, I couldn’t believe that you chose this for us. A year has passed since that day and I still have not been able to come to terms with the events that have passed. I find myself thinking back through all the years, to the day I first met you to all the memories in between. Our late nights partying in purple haze, our early morning saturdays quadding down at strawberry, the summer days at mohawk (how you lived so close you could answer your phone), my sixteenth birthday with all the girls at your place, the cold winter night you showed up at our door drunk as fuck, knowing Sarah and I would take care of you. I remember, vaguely, the night I broke my shoulder, parked in the middle of that farmer’s field, you were chasing a porcupine, I had never laughed so hard. There was never a dull moment with you, never a moment not lived in the present.
Our little guy is officially two years old! It's amazing to see him grow and change and interact and talk with us. He learned to answer, "How old are you?" with a proud "Twoooooo!" He had an Elmo/Sesame Street party since those are some of his favorite pals right now. We hosted the party at home and had lots of family and friends and little kids over.
That's it! Hope you guys have a great day!
Bruno called it a gleaming blend of sophistication, wit and elegance. Carrie Ann told her it was excellent work. Len said in hold it was correct and formal and out of hold it was fun and free.
Average Daily Intake Before:
God isn’t condemning you, He sent you His Son, the Holy Spirit, His promises, His Word, the name of Jesus and much more to give you a victorious life. The word save in Greek means: (Sozo) heal, preserve, save (self), do well, be (make) whole.
Q: As a big fan of Diana Gabaldon’s (quite sexy and wildly popular) Outlander series, I wholeheartedly agree! Next question: In researching sci-fi and fantasy, I discovered a number of rules, such as “each magical ability must come at a cost.” Each genre has such properties and peculiarities: what can you tell us about the romance genre?
天使与地狱同在
Bake thin blinchiki on a preheated skillet brushed with clarified butter.
Fateful by Cheri Schmidt is one heck of a paranormal romance read. Fateful is the tale of star crossed lovers, Danielle and Ethan. Danielle is an American mortal new on the London scene. Her family has entrusted her into her Aunt and Uncle's care while she attends a local college to study art. Ethan is the brave and mysterious vampire who saves Danielle from a much darker version of what he is.
Winning is not as important to have won
Design is about focus. It is about concept, pre-planning and strategy more than it is about pretty images.
To qualify for our random drawing, you can do any or all of the following:
Taxpayers paid for cameras.
Britain currently has about 3,500 wind turbines, but there are plans to increase this to 10,000 onshore machines and 4,300 offshore by 2020.
1/4 tsp.salt
I am REALLY trying to not let my irritability and frustration leak onto others. I don’t want to take it out on hubby because obviously he’s done nothing wrong. But then sometimes it’s hard to always re-direct it right away.
Available in e-book format – 551 KB
According to libertarian campaigners, The Manifesto Group, CRB checks – all 32 million of them to date – are no guarantee of safety. On the contrary, mass vetting leads to an abdication of personal responsibility and an assumption that child safety is the sole preserve of the state.
Fit for worship is the East
I love how you have been getting "Sun Kissed."
I just discovered Natasha Guderman, a photographer living in Paris. She likes to photograph women – naked – in their homes. On the Creative Review website she said:
I also got some awesome fabric today. No, I didn't buy this. I did buy some but I will post about that tomorrow. Someone, I won't say who, thought of me while they were on a recent trip. She brought me 4 pieces of Robert Kaufman fabric that is just to die for!!! Excuse the wrinkles!
This constant indulgence in activities reduces the importance and time spent in reflecting on the spirit behind the actions. Very often when one (for that matter even a child) wants to understand the spirit behind a religious practice it is dismissed as waste of time or as sacrilegious. The unintended consequence of this is that a person remains stuck in the web of practice.
My new place is working out nicely. I feel at home even before I walk in the door. When I do, I have a nice amount of space, a fire place and a huge backyard. My cat is loving the fact that he has stairs to run up and down. Hell, I even have a jet tub to relax in.
Anyone have any suggestions??? Z was afraid of the bath about about 10 months and a new toy did the trick. Not so sure that will work in this case. Z was also not as afraid as Lil'C is. Any advice would be most welcome!!
By the time authorities were called, the girl needed to be rushed to the hospital.
On the seventh day of Christmas
SM’s new upcoming new rising star group EXO, after posting a dance video teaser of the new member “Lay” has attracted a lot of attention from the Chinese fans. Turns out “Lay” was actually “Zhang Yi Xing”, the same Zhang Yi Xing who participated in the 2005 “Star Academy” in China and had also won second place. Some reporters had went to interview Yi Xing’s secondary school teacher and had been told a story about his development in becoming a trainee and how he had to train for at least 10 hours a day and had only one meal per day to maintain his body shape and had to go to the gym for at least 3 hours a day.
Tho’ my life was in a rut
IPAs are among the hardest beers to get into. They're much like some intense S&M sex action – only a select few people can even get into them. And even those that do, a lot can go wrong – a little too off the wrong way, and someone can get injured. This IPA is just good enough not kill the entire half rack, but nowhere near good enough to actually make me buy it on its own. Like a massage with a happy ending... don't want the handjob by itself, but it's good enough to make the massage OK enough.
So anyway, we move right along to Pendleton University, where most of the film takes place. There, we meet our main characters: First, there's Natalie, a ridiculously sexy redhead; Sasha, played by Tara Reid, and spends most of the film at the campus radio station; Brenda, Natalie's incredibly hot friend; Paul, a journalism major who puts reporting before anything else in his life; Parker, a sarcastic frat boy; and Damon, who has a reputation on campus for being a ladies' man.
The pictures below show Steve dissolving the sugar in his drink. The first picture is time-stamped 7.55pm and the last one 10.15pm. Steve’s sugar still hadn’t completely dissolved as this piece went to air.
Thursday: Although the day directly before Friday I didn’t pay much attention to the fact that I hadn’t devised a genius plan for the weekend. Instead, I was focusing on a doctors appointment - I hate the doctors. Actually ’hate’ is a very strong word. Doctors are people I don’t know, who touch me, get real close and know all my personal details. I get awfully uncomfortable seeing them outside of the medical centre, it’s like seeing two cows perform ‘the mating ritual’ – uncommonly awkward, but you can’t help but stare. It is just a common myth that animals do not have sex for pleasure, or alternatively that humans, pigs (and perhaps dolphins and one or two species of primate) are the only species which do. Science cannot conclusively say at present what animals do and do not find pleasurable. Interesting fact.
The constant thread running through my novels was hope. I wanted my readers to know that no matter how bad things get, a new day will come. Life will get better even as it is altered from what we might wish it to be.
Oppressor of the Catholic woman
Expats have weathered the Eurozone crisis and even though the UK is in the bottom half of the Expat Economics league table (23rd), it performs well against its EU counterparts on these criteria, ranking behind only Switzerland (5th) and Belgium (21st).
One moment
Criterion put this out on DVD in the ‘First Films of Samuel Fuller’ set, and it’s not available separately. This is part of the Eclipse line, and hasn’t had the careful restoration commonly associated with Criterion releases. However, it still looks good enough and I didn’t find the damage marks present to be particularly distracting. All in all, I Shot Jesse James is an interesting, if minor film.
* The fritters are crisp outside and chewy inside.
30-something: God, I’m fat. I had egg whites for breakfast, a salad for lunch, but damn it I’m going to have a decent dinner tonight!
Carrie Etter presents
I USED A HEART SHAPED MUFFIN TIN FOR THE BIGGER ONES AND A CHOCOLATE MOULD FOR THE BITES.....)
The result of these two movements was that black women had no space within either movement; they were not white, and thus alienated by feminist movement, and they were not male, and thus undermined by the civil rights movement. Similarly, lesbians were marginalized by the gay rights movement, which focused on men, and the feminist movement, which openly rejected them when the 1960s feminist titan Betty Friedan dubbed them the “lavender menace” (OutHistory). Lesbians and black women were both trapped between movements that would not accept them as members. Feminists and civil rights activists were marginalizing members of their own community while simultaneously fighting their own comparable states.
four cameras. We also have some clothes, though not many of the clothes we wore in Florida are appropriate for life in Ohio. Henri carries the Chest to his room, and we lug all of the equipment into the basement, where he’ll set it up so no visitors will see it. Once everything is inside, he starts placing the cameras and turning on the monitors.
-Allow chocolate to set. Store turtles in an airtight container at cool room temperature.
First, I bought some clearance brown and blue vine-y fabric from JoAnn's on Friday, I bought 3 yards, knowing I was going to create a front and only one side, because the second side butts up to the washer and I didn't feel it necessary to cover it. Oh, and I bought all the fabric they had :)
When higher rate taxpayers donate money to charity, some of the tax can be reclaimed. Effectively they could pay no tax at all, if they choose to give away their income to charities.
1/2 cup almond meal/flour*
Chris: 3.3
I’m with the government because I fear crisis. I know damn well that it will be the poor who will suffer most if the crisis happens.
Seaworld
have resurfaced in an ultra-modern hi-tech context --lasers,
Sate Bulus ( Turtle Satay )
Happy Friday everyone...time for a new challenge at The Outlawz Copic/Promarker group. Our theme this week is Anything Goes...and of course we have a new calendar page file ready for you to download, so hope you'll come and join us :)
A: thank my nominator and provide a link to their blog.
For the embellish this card I made a flower with a Whiff of Joy die and the same papers from Basic Grey. The brad in the centre is from my stash. Red seem binding isn't too cute??
Last Friday evening saw the opening of the Spring Fling Taster exhibition at Gracefield Arts Centre, this is the tenth year of Spring Fling. There was a party on Friday night for the opening with chocolate cake and balloons too. It was really well attended, the place was packed, I'd been a bit wary of going, my usual flapping over going to places with lots of folk that I don't really know but it was a great night, I really enjoyed it, talking to lots of lovely people and seeing lots of lovely work too. Some spectacular work it has to be said.
There are ways of compressing this information to make it much smaller, and the processes for compressing it are complicated. The computer, iPad, or whatever has to take the compressed picture information and restore it to full picture information - there's an extra step there that is not there with plain text.
Anyway, the remainder of our time together was going to be spent
Cutest cupcake contest geared more towards artistry and technique
Thanks for the inspiration Peter! You can purchase Bite by Bite: 100 Stylish Little Plates You Can Make for Any Party HERE.
It reminds us that love changes the world, one soul at a time.
With an empty clean glass.
September 21, 2010
I agreed to be part of a reading called Love, Loss and What I Wore, which is a collection of scenes and monologues about women and their clothes. It sounds fluffy--and it kind of is--but there is some truth to the idea of that we are what we wear (as well as what we eat).
C. Country Classic Scarlet (or Kona Rich Red)
I normally have a big BBQ bash at our house with family and friends to Celebrate America's Birthday but this year it's a bit different as I have not been feeling well of a while now. So it will be a quite day here. But I am so thankful for all of the people that have given their lives to make this a free country to do as we please! I have used the cutest little Teddy Bo image for my card. I have colored my image with my copic markers and inked the edges with my distressed inks.
But I'm having so much fun, and I'm learning.
I think the author was very sympathetic to Jackie and definitely respectful of her at all times. At the same time though, she doesn't leave out Jackie's faults. Her background might have made her spoiled, and she might have spent a lot on dresses. But that also shaped the way that she stood up to those in power, and quite often, got her way. I loved reading about her days working as an editor at Viking with her assistant/partner in crime, Rebecca Singleton. They were a no-nonsense team dealing with a lot of nonsense from fans and media concerned with Jackie's celebrity.
Today I rejoice as I Remember how incredibly blessed I AM! Thanks be to God, The Source, The Alpha and The Omega!
... EDL para-military clothing on sale on their website. The moment they get involved in politics the fact they have sold and worn these means they can all be arrested under the Public Order Act 1936.
ONE: My male parental unit is going to pick me up from Sunnyside Up tomorrow, and return me to the bosom of my family. Yes. Perhaps, perhaps, just maybe, I might actually get some writing done.
4.- Japanese Subways are PUNCTUAL. I mean to the minute punctual. As in the lady at the booth told us the subway would arrive at 6:43 and would take exactly an hour to get to our next destination, and that’s exactly what happened. For a mecca city like Tokyo, and with the craziest subway maps we’ve ever seen, it’s completely amazing how they manage to run things like clockwork. I live in Ottawa, and we EXPECT the buses to be at least 5 minutes late or early. After seeing this, I fear I’ll be even angrier when I’m waiting in the rain for a 12 minute late bus lol
I then decided to use a shadow box
In between gasps of laughter and squeals, I glanced over to see the brave and wonderful Sophie holding a blanket over top of the X-pen that my dogs were in, trying to shelter them from the hail while getting pelted herself. And two very soggy and very un-impressed Shelties glaring out at me from under the blanket canopy.
(1)Combine the pork, ginger, garlic, green onion, soy sauce, cornstarch,
Megan Sapp Nelson and Michael Fosmire
EDITOR: Mideast?
Boil size: 26.00 ltrs
So, I have really, really, really knotty hair (even my hairdresser said I have unusually knotty hair). So while browsing through Asos I came upon the Tangle Teezer. Now I had heard about it before but never really believed what it could do. But after reading some reviews and watching some videos, I decided: huh, imma buy! That’s how I came to have a tangle teezer, in PINK!
Publisher: Will you be doing your launch in London?
Marina Sitrin is with us, postdoctoral fellow at Center for Globalization and Social Change at the City University of New York, author of Horizontalism: Voices of Popular Power in Argentina. And she’s also researching and preparing in—participating in global mass movements, from Spain to Egypt to Greece. Most recently she co-authored the forthcoming Occupying Language, part of the Occupied Media Pamphlet Series published by Zuccotti Park Press.
The boy and I both felt that this was veryyyyyy value for money at $52++ per pax given the fresh and wide variety of seafood available, mains are done quite well, desserts slightly weaker but crepes bring up the bar quite a bit and so do the fruit tarts.
I must now give credit where it’s due. This system to randomize the activation roll was not created by me but by Mr. Timbo75 from Tim’s Wargaming Stuff and left in a comment on a post from the month of May 2010. It’s quite elegant and simple. You take 3 different colored dice and give them a priority rank. For example, I use green, blue and red and consider them in that order. Now you take a 3 sided die, which is usually a d6 with two 1s, two 2s and two 3s or you can simply use a regular d6 considering the following: 1-2, one, 3-4, two, 5-6, three. Roll them all together and the first thing to do is look at the fake d3. This die will tell you the amount of actions the figure is going for. Now check the rest of the dice to see which ones beat the Quality rating of the figure. Be mindful of the priority you gave them. An example will show this clearer.
Another problem is that the wrong questions or the wrong people get asked, or there may be unrecognized assumptions operating in the design and questions. For instance, Coca-Cola conducted millions of dollars worth of taste tests on New Coke, but didn’t ask whether awareness of the brand changed the drinker’s taste perceptions.
So, in no apparent order, here are the thoughts that are consuming my thought processes for the last few days:
Pacifiers--I don't think I need to explain this one. :)
I'm back after an extended Christmas break that lasted through New Year's Day. I hope everyone had a joyous Christmas season & a great New Year's! Our family traveled across the great state of Texas visiting & enjoying time with extended family. It was also good to spend time reflecting on the true meaning of Christmas - not the self-indulgent consumerism of America - but on the Self-Giving One who gave Himself that we might have Life, and Life more abundantly! May I follow His example and give of myself to make life better for those in my little corner of this earth!
Something else new I’m going to try is a running group. It starts this Saturday so I will blog about that later.
I have removed all 765 posts and please dont worry that I might infect you---I have disinfected my keyboard and I am wearing rubber gloves to type
Just that nerds be proud of who they are. It’s easier now than ever. Being a nerd/geek has become much more socially acceptable so why deny your inner nerd? Let your geek flag fly!
Leaking ceilings, recession, frozen wages, inflation in food, fuel etc.
I don’t know how the other children usually behave at home, but I was FLOORED when I saw Little S pack up her tray of learning materials and walk over to the bookshelf to place it in it’s allotted slot. I wasn’t surprised that she was cleaning up (as she often helps to tidy at home too), but the slot required a bit of precision in order to get the tray to slide in… Little S tried a few times without success — at home this would lead to a total meltdown & waterworks — however, she kept her cool and worked at it until it slid neatly into place.
As Drayton Hall develops site interpretation in the future, site producers can continue to build on their efforts to make
The reasons men enjoy their grays:
Chris Eagles: Came to light with Manchester United after being snapped up from Watford before Eagles made his name with Burnley where he worked with Coyle.
Hamish Dewe / 4 signed works / 72-75
I asked Erendida what bartending meant to her, and this is her answer...(Honestly I love this answer as it embodies everything I feel a bartender should be)........
Founding father, mover, shaker, lover & dueling politico, Alexander Hamilton’s vision for America helped it to become the world’s venue for opportunity and success.
Daggers to set pulses racing but none like that first morning when the body was set to become a vessel. Nothing like the sodden sheets the sodden arms, legs, head, hair, chest and back.
So, going forward, you will probably see a lot more posts from me about cooking. Fast meals, simple meals, healthy meals, my favorite meals, weekend meals, etc. And as I cook things for Ross and I, I'll try to remember to take pictures and share them with you on here. I know I am always looking for new, yummy recipes and helpful hints, so hopefully I can share some of my cooking wisdom with y'all!
Next in line was the Lindemans Gueuze from Belgium off the tap, light bodied but complex with a slightly intense sourness. This was followed by the Boon Kriek, a 100% spontaneously fermented ale with up to 300 grams of cherries per litre. The resulting beer is a bright pink/red with a subtle tartness and lots of fizz that carries the cherry flavour nicely.
8/13/11:30am – Fermentation has started, about a 1 ½ inches of Krauesen. Temp is around 70˚, replaced ice bottles. I think I'll let the temp ramp up a little from here.
Hey everybody.....This week has been crazy busy. I have had time to only pull up my computer at school, come home, eat dinner work on school stuff, go to bed and then do it again the next day. I have currently pulled 2 saturday work days at school so that I can get stuff ready and going. It is crazy. I know this first year I am practically going to live at the school.
3 Bone 7:30
The suit was filed at the California Superior Court in San Francisco. The judge’s order was not immediately available for viewing on Wednesday.
Heard a sermon from a creaky pul pit with no one in the nave
I imagine the hubris of the local ‘wicked-haad’ populace might be hard to stomach, but it will be enlightening to say the least.
But in the meantime, I’d like to take a moment and talk about guys. There are some guy issues out there that I’ve stumbled upon, and sadly, they’re not being discussed in any major capacity.
Right from the start, completely ignoring your argument, and with a one-mindedness rarely found these days, they spout some seriously high-quality gibberish.
Jonás Gutiérrez was the most-fouled player in the top flight but hapless Liverpool claimed some unwanted records this term
NOTE: In preparation for the A-Z Challenge I will be taking next week off from blogging. I will return on April 1st when I will be posting six days a week.
While the sludge, a mix of household and industrial waste, has been used as a crop fertilizer for years, recent regulatory changes have made it easier for farmers to use.
2 He who walks blamelessly, and does what is right, and speaks truth from his heart;
We hope your week is off to a great start and everyone had a wonderful weekend! We're back for a new week of fresh, new and amazing inspiration from our monthly sponsor and design team!!
Jackpot prize in SuperUltraMegaGrandForever Lotto 6/75 draw hits 5 billion pesos
A lot of arguments defending glutamates start with the fact that they are naturally occurring and exist in a large quantity in the human body. This is true but something happens when glutamates break down from over processing. They become "free" glutamates and don't bind to each other any more. This is where the problem comes in, our bodies are not able to process them once "free", much like free radicals.
By his own ever-optimistic projections, we’ll be out of this rough patch of economy by then, anyway. (Riiiight?) So the stimulus aspect is missing, once again.
Net completion: 264/1500
large spiders in our room and a house burning down about a hundred feet away, it
Rolling Stone described her nine original compositions in “Phoebe Snow” as “light jazz torch songs” but freer in form and attitude. (Two other songs on the album were her versions of others’ material).
(Otherwise you may smear it with a top colour)
Dress: Grey knee-length pleated front dress from ZARA
So, long story short: The yarn information in the book is correct, but if you are using Cotton Fine you should knit with it doubled throughout, and that will become the official errata on the Interweave web site. If you bought Cotton Fleece based on my mistaken "correction", it will also work, but you should knit with it using only a single strand. By an unbelievable stroke of luck, nobody needs to return or exchange any yarn.
On a brighter note, I got new pillows for the bedroom makeover! I ordered fabric from Tonic Living, planning to make a couple of pillows myself. Then I realized how sharp they would look with navy piping. That is out of my realm of sewing expertise so I brought them to Pins and Needles, a local sewing shop. They did a great job and for what it cost, I'm unsure if I will ever bother to make my own pillows again!
weighed upon a pre-bought stone,
Fleecing unsuspecting clientele
First: Actually, the BB Cream has a minimum rage of colors, at most 2 or 3, and they are quite light. If you have a mediterranean or tanned skin, it's better for you to avoid it because your skin might appears gray and unnatural.
“Yay!” She said gleefully jumping up and down clapping her hands. “You won’t regret it!”
A person can be detained on any of three grounds: likelihood of serious harm to others; likelihood of serious harm to self; or most commonly, grave disability. Grave disability is defined as a condition in which a person, as a result of a mental disorder (a) is in danger of serious physical harm resulting from a failure to provide for his or her essential human needs of health or safety, or (b) manifests severe deterioration in routine functioning evidenced by repeated and escalating loss of cognitive or volitional control over his or her actions and is not receiving such care as is essential for his or her health or safety.
Putrajaya’s move to set up a PSC came after the Najib administration grappled with widespread condemnation for its strong arm tactics against Bersih and its supporters at the July rally, forcing the government to consider the group’s demands in a move to contain a potential voter backlash.
Even after the Civil War ended slavery, cotton was the major agricultural concern in the south. In 1869, Thomas Ray and William Roberts set up a mill for ginning and carding cotton on Beaverdam Creek downstream from Ray’s Mill. From that point on the creek came to be known as both Beaverdam Creek and Card Creek. The cotton mill was situated on land purchased from the estate of William Washington Knight, deceased brother-in-law of T. M. Ray. (W.W. Knight died of disease during the Civil War; see The Poetry of Mary Elizabeth Carroll.) The mill site included 30 acres on lot #452 and the right to impound water on lot #451, just east of #452. “This operation was apparently taking advantage of a small pond and dam already put in place by John Knight whose property it adjoined…” The dam site was on Beaverdam Creek about 20 yards just east of present day Pauline Street in Ray City, GA..
Joe Maloney Analog Master
They don’t normally have ill-shaped ears, or make a spectacle of themselves by only putting in their false teeth to eat.
"Islam isn't in America to be equal to any other faith, but to become dominant. The Koran should be the highest authority in America, and Islam the only accepted religion on Earth."
20. Harsh Times Interlude
Another example of this historical tie is when Bishop Jean-Paul-Hilaire-Michel Courvezy sought for the assistance of the Arzobispado de Manila (and Queen Marie-Amélie Thérèse of France) to raise funds to help them relocate their church – the oldest Catholic church in the island. An interesting story is how it got its name. When the French Priest, Saint Laurent-Marie-Joseph Imbert (probably the first to celebrate mass here) surrendered to the Korean authorities in the midst of a Christian persecution in that land, he offered these words to his fellow missionaries: “the good shepherd lays down his life for his sheep”. The church authorities inspired by his sacrifice then named their church after his courageous words. One of the legacies of this French mission, being the oldest, is that up to this day, there exist a small French speaking Catholic community around it. There’s about 250 families that still speaks and understand French. How they’ve kept this language is something we all can learn from. Traditions must be honored and accepted as it directly links the present to the past. What’s happening to us Filipinos is that we view the existence of numerous language as a problem, when it is in reality an asset.
½ Vyšnių Sulčių (Cherry Juice)
Last year at about this time, I sat in front of my computer at my local-international-chain-coffee shop trying to get a few words down on the page before I went to my terrible country-wide-chain job. I like to sit with my back to walls and within easy view of both the doors and the tills. There is only one plug in the coffee shop that caters to this particular predilection of mine. It sits me within whispering distance of the punters. Nice British word there--punters.
The program has caused quite a stir in the publishing industry, for good reason (as you'll see).
The next morning, there is chaos.
Close your eyes and visualize someone you love. It may be a baby, a child, a spouse, a pet or a friend. As you take a few relaxing breaths continue to visualize this individual doing something that gives them great joy. Notice how you feel as you visualize this scenario and notice where you feel sensations in your body. Many of the sensations we feel associated with those we love are felt in the area of the heart chakra.
I’m guessing not. It has had a lot of episodes air and hasn’t really gained much traction. It is hard to see how a second season will turn it around. Given a choice of cancelling this, Parks and Rec, or Community it is clear which has to go.
Putting aside the United Nations’ never-ending effort to exert authority over all the nations and all the peoples of the world, global warming was about an audacious scheme to monetize carbon dioxide; to sell “carbon credits” and, by doing so, enrich those who were behind the scheme.
Unless it is exactly the same pattern and design (except for the door - the one I made for the workshop is for left-handed like me ;-)), the result is completely different.
Like so many told and twice-told and thrice-told tales, versions get so diluted and re-imagined we don't even get a sense of who is the main headliner of the piece. Kinda like the King James version of the Bible.
Pac-Man Apple 3Pac-Man Apple 3
May 9 Lexington, Kentucky - Al's Bar w/ Idiot Glee
Belly fats linked to more migraines Gender and the way the fat is distributed affect the risk of migraine. For people 20 - 55 with larger waistlines, migraines become an issue. More women than men with excess abdominal fat experienced more migraines.
I love and adore babies. They smell, the squishyness, holding them, their sweet breath. They really are lovely.
Me: Hey, Baby.
So that any frequency jump
Emmanuel Afuakwah, 37, New York, N.Y.
Humorous, imaginative and truly original, these novel sets forth new ways of thinking about often overlooked social changes that can truly revolutionize the way we live.
It was that brief time in the early morning when the pond and woods behind us are still shrouded in night’s shadows. The sun hasn’t yet come up and the view is mostly dark silhouettes that blend together against the steel-gray mirrored surface of the pond. It’s the time of day when nothing is quite what it seems.
Roadette Song
On Saturday, SNN will join Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas, civil rights leader and MSNBC political commentator Rev. Al Sharpton, journalist Warren Olney, labor leader Maria Elena Durazo and actor Hill Harper at the 20th Anniversary Empowerment Congress Summit at the University of Southern California’s Bovard Auditorium. At this year’s summit, SNN will launch “Equality for Our Kids: Stand Up, Speak Out and Take Action,” SNN’s yearlong initiative to normalize the distribution of services provided to children with autism spectrum disorders.
So thanks again, and I hope you enjoy the tunes — but remember:
Also a big thank you to everyone that participated and who helped coordinate the project for Malta. Well done.
Every Monday I’m going to ask you for a dollar. Well, two actually, now – one African adoption and one Haitian adoption. I’m going to tell you who it’s going to and what it’s being used for. We’re mostly funding adoption for the people, by the people. We’re just going to rain down a crazy blessing on a family, organization, orphanage, or project and we’re going to do it every week. We’re going to get huge. And the world will be changed for lots of people because of your generosity. That sounds exciting, doesn’t it?! Let’s do it.
The Sox and the Yanks wore replica uniforms to match the ones the teams wore 100 years ago. And when the game was over the score was 6-2.
Widespread bronchiectasis with some evidence of central bronchiectasis, considerable mucous plugging and bronchial wall thickening. These appearances are more consistent with ABPA than typical post-viral bronchiectasis.
In November and early December we had the privilege of hosting visitors from two of our countries; Laos and Myanmar. Our Laos visitors were Branch President Khamphee and his wife, Boualay. We had met them in July when we visited their country. President Khamphee is also the driver for our two missionary couples, so we had many hours together as we visited English classes, wheelchair and prosthesis factories, and ceremonies for a school clean water project. (See our August blog). The main purpose of their visit was to attend the Hong Kong Temple to receive their special endowment ordinances and to be sealed together as husband and wife eternally. This was a long anticipated journey. They have been church members since 2004 and this was their first visit to Hong Kong. The following letter was sent back to our couple missionaries in Laos, Elder and Sister Riser and Elder and Sister Fountaine. They in turn forwarded it to several couples who had served in Laos during the past five years. To our surprise, one of these couples was Cecil Clark and his wife, our dear friends from Stanford and Provo times. It is a small world.
After hearing more about it (and how awesome Rea is; she's definitely one of my inspirations!, I'm guessing you want THE CHEAT SHEET and you are in luck! Rea is offering up a copy!
I decided to let things cool down and go after Mr. Tout le Monde Bloggeur Critique to test this hot new table which virtually anyone has heard about by now such as their gastronomic press firestorm been.
of the weeds, and it will rise over
I'm a big fan of braising meats with beer (or wine). I like it because it adds an enormous amount of flavor for a small amount of money. Since the roast cooks for hours and ultimately creates its own broth, there seems no real need to add more of the same in the form of the braising liquid, therefore beer makes an inexpensive, highly flavorful ingredient. In this particular recipe, use a regular old run of the mill beer, and try to avoid dark or even amber lagers because they tend to have a feisty flavor that overwhelms the mushrooms (but taste amazing in something like Beer Braised Pot Roast).
They found 11 out of 12 trolley mattresses were stained and two had a 'foul odour'.
So take away the “in your face discomfort” figure of suicides, it’s misleading to say the least, and criminally irresponsible to draw any conclusions from it – other than people at Foxconn are no more and no less likely to commit suicide than anyone else in China.
Me...in my new $5 shirt from Target. I don't like myself in pink, because I am always pink and it just looks...too pinky. Mirielle took this for me, and said that I look better in person. I sure hope so! I just thought I would put this up...so that no one thinks I am shrinking away after losing those 50something pounds.
That is all! By the way, excellent diaper cake Tiff Monster!
Very quick and easy in between packing school newsletters - those are all posted now though, phew!
There may not be a strong coherence to this post, but I've had a lot on my mind this week and as a father of a daughter who is a junior in high school and looking at career choices to help her make her way in this world as she will be enrolled full-time in college during her senior year of high school. I'm just considering the country we live in, where it's headed, and what my daughter's life may be like in the future as she doesn't expect to be given life, liberty, and happiness, but instead exercises her unalienable rights of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness...
this is one of my all time favorite shoujo mangas ever! the art is absolutely gorgeous and the story is adorable.
Tapper: Michele you won the Iowa straw poll and
It still needs to be tweeked and then tweeked some more.
He's former Gannett NBC affiliate WKYC/3 Cleveland anchor Tim White, who we thought was happy living in Wyoming after leaving 13th and Lakeside.
The Man of Shadows, by Angel Zapata
Thanks for all your wonderful entries following Dawny's fabulous sketch last week :-) We will be back soon with a winner of the $50 Voucher to the Simon Says Stamp Store :-)
The side opening door also went on beautifully and I was feeling really confident about my door fitting skills......................................... until trouble struck............................
May 2, Satterfield was arrested late last night, without incident ,at a hotel ,2 miles, from new orleans.
They only had one hit single, which reached #1 in Australia but only made it to #29 here in America. It's quite the catchy little tune, give it a listen:
* The textures (canvas, felt)
After college, entering into the “real working world”, I found the same habits of getting out of bed a few minutes early were helpful, enabling me to show up on time, have a fresh mind, and more than anything, a head start on the day.
After raising many pointed questions about whether the commandments pass legal muster, the judge referred the case to mediation – with a suggestion:
The banana is cooked and drizzled with some sauce so its a little sweet but goes well w the crepe. We didnt opt for choc sauce on top! We tried it w the ice cream from another part of the buffet but it didnt go well tgt! The ice cream was lemongrass & ginger, quite nice on its own though! Not v strong lemongrass/ginger flavour but subtle hints of 'em. Quite refreshing! This crepe looks so diff from the durian one 'cos the chef kinda left it on the pan for too long but we like this better! Its sooo crispy at the sides! V loud crunch when you bite into it(:
The weekend newspaper reported that the teacher had claimed he had been raped by inmates while in the van after a court appearance on March 9. He was released on bail of R1 000 on March 14.
Neither of us were expecting to fall in love online, but yet here we are telling you our story. This is the story of our first meeting.
moonlight in bed
L.A. Confidential
"Nothing", he said.
A tradition so firmly entrenched continues well into adulthood typified in the following image of the Dowager Countess overlooking Downton Abbey with tea firmly by her side. (Downton Abbey is a PBS series not to be missed. Besides viewing it on TV, I own the DVD's and have watched them at least three times. I'm such a "Brit-ophile.")
I wouldn't recommend this park for children under age 3. The play structure is just too big. They do have two baby swings and we made good use of one. Also, there were two big kid swings and a bouncy horse on a spring.
Gwyn Evans: The Lunatic, the Lover and the Poet charts the rise and fall of this remarkable writer. Head over to the Bear Alley Books website where you'll find details of our special pre-order offer available ahead of publication on Friday, 13 April.
“We were unaware of any notice on the intention to declare the land as communal reserve,” he added.
We can’t believe that Easter is here already. The estate has been busy with families coming to explore and play outside in this glorious sunshine. No snow here (yet!).
Doug Kelly: We see the CMR as a natural next step in media tracking and as a useful tool to demonstrate to agency partners and advertising clients that our audience is expanding across a number of platforms, as are the opportunities to get their brand in front of those readers. We also wanted to be the first to launch a CMR to reinforce our position as an innovator in the industry.
Arancini di Riso (Deep-Fried Risotto Balls)
More pictures from the first Fred Fest. Proof of on-campus drinking and proof of solid mustaches. Tonight, I officially begin celebrating Fred Fest 2012.
-Joseph had a vision that he would be a great leader and that many would bow down to him (birth). Joseph’s brothers sold him to some merchants and he became a slave. Later he was falsely condemned to spend his years in prison (death). God allowed Joseph to interpret the dreams of the butler and baker and later the king, whereupon, he was made a ruler in the land (fulfillment).
I was going to share a story of one of my favorite Christmas memories with him, but my PR friend talked me out of it. Let's just say the events contained therein weren't exactly "legal."
Then he says, why can’t you touch me more? I try to tell him that I have felt so much hurt, so much pain, that I just don’t want to anymore.
To the foreign food and foreign rituals.
I didn't mind. After Wonder Boy's birth, where as I was pushing him out about a hundred medical students rushed into my room to witness the event, I'm a lot less inhibited about doctors, even baby ones, seeing my bits and pieces. I found it kind of amusing.
I submitted a couple of things this week but I seem to have hit a bit of a - well a rather big actually - wall as far as acceptances go. I haven't had one for ages. Just as well I didn't take that dream I had a few weeks ago seriously and hand my notice in after telling the boss I was giving it all up to be a writer.
I'll be back tomorrow to share more photos with you.
I like "Hatschi Waldera", a song about having a cold (hatschi!=atchoo!)
Remove from the oven and leave to completely cool on a wire rack.
The unicorn caught up with Mati as he was returning to the world, and is delighted to bring you this exclusive interview:
It’s been slow going so far, and even though I whine about it sometimes, I actually like taking projects like this at a snail’s pace. It helps me to figure how out I want things along the way.
When we disciple someone in the way of the Great Commission we take that person from salvation’s occurrence, to public profession, and then into an intimate teaching relationship, so as to teach them all that Jesus commanded us. This will require changing of schedules, denial of personal wants, and sharing your home/food/family as you become the living demonstration of Jesus’ teaching. Though this is a daunting task, we are reassured with Jesus’ final words, “and behold, I am with you always to the end of the age.” (Matthew 28:20b)
Every bullycide story breaks my heart because I believe it could’ve been prevented. Bullycide is a failure of the adults surrounding the bullied child…and the bully. Oftentimes it is an unintentional failure. Many adults simply don’t know how to help. They fear they will do or say the wrong thing—make the situation worse. Or the help they do provide is ineffective and fails to make the necessary impact.
but no more, this town has had enough this has gone too far.
Now I'm just lookin' for a girl to meet
And it is definitely a disadvantage.
It is good to hide God's word in your heart. For so many reasons, it's good.
I've reworked my base recipe (yet again) and think I have found just the right balance between lather and skin conditioning qualities, finally. Of course, if you ask me again in a month, I'll probably have redone it again...lol. Too much coconut, palm kernal, palm (the latter two, I dont use anyway), and the stripping goes up...too little, the lather fizzles. Too high a superfat, soft soap - too low, not conditioning enough. It's enough to drive a soapmaker to drink. :) For now, I'm very happy with my latest results and the ideas are banging around in my brain so much that I can't stop working on things. Some work, some don't. My trash can has seen many a prototype. Trust.
For example the first president of the Banana Republic of North America comes to mind when Jefferson states:
So, in that event of almost falling out of a moving car, I was not even physically injured at all (thank you, Johnny Elam). By the way, no, we were not wearing seatbelts.
I had a really productive day today. I got a lot accomplished at work, including completing a proposal that is due Friday, and finishing a report that I've been pushing aside for weeks.
1. Radiation is coming out of the body over time, resulting with less radiation being left in the body. This is likely since there is a localized detoxing effect associated with the feet (of a person who is more acidic than the water) receiving negative ions from the ionic foot bath water.
DRAM / Flash RAM Memory - defendants include Elpida Memory Inc., and Hynix Semiconductor. To view the complaint, click here.
But anyway... check out the link above for a few laughs from a great writer.
Any questions?
Generations. Lakes are more or less at pool levels, which doe’s not mean we will see long periods of zero generations, SWP will still operate water release given power demand, either way expect to see erratic generation schedules, which mean you will need to keep in touch with dam recordings and online information so far as predicted generation, all be its not a guarantee that it is accurate.
My goal for the rest of February is to have better intentions, to actually follow through on those intentions, and keep myself busy doing the things that will leave me feeling refreshed instead of well, busy. And who knows, maybe I'll even take a few minutes off for the first time.
way through disillusions of mortal confusion and fear.
We’ll let you shake & bake thru the office,
I mean...I only have a small patio. But she deserves a little something, yeah?
There would be an actual, near legal version of shanghaiing called crimping where the sailors, still taken at will, would be forced to sign an agreement, paid for their services but not allowed to leave. They would embark on often long voyages, and by the time they got back, "his anger is likely to have died out."
This story is just a paraphrase. I do not remember all the details of the story, nor my professor’s exact words.
SS: The experience on the road and what touring is about and the music industry.
Those who still possess a trace of the noble soul are left feeling confined and torn by the popular—selfless—sentiment they have been taught to oblige, and the inner desire for personal—selfish—advancement they cannot ignore. Thus, these few remaining individuals lash out against their entrapment, for lack of any other resort, only to be made to feel guilt-ridden for their cry of desperation. The noble man is a lonely man, unable to connect with the world he is living in, and unable to express why this is so, he drifts into a continuous state of nausea:
On a day like today the temperature is perfect for walking in the lightest clothes, wet or dry and I hold my hat in my hand to feel the breeze blow through my damp hair. Glorious is the word that springs to mind, an absolutely glorious day to be alive and at the beach, at this beach, before the Adelaide summer gets too hot but far away from the still cold waters of Tasmania.
At the heart of this true story is Damien Oliver, a young jockey who loses his only brother in a tragic racing accident, hauntingly reflecting of the way their father died 27 years earlier. After suffering through a series of discouraging defeats, Damien teams with Irish trainer Dermot Weld, and triumphs at the 2002 Melbourne Cup in one of the most thrilling finales in sporting history. Available March – Outdoor screenings from May (TBC)
when night was ending
In this photo, he’s holding down one of his favorite positions on the kitchen window sill that looks out into our front yard. It’s a defensive posture from which we have trouble getting him down. He hunkers behind a ceramic cat mobile that he can tangle himself into should one of us stop by and feel the need to pick him up for some much-hated hugging.
1 chopped tomato or 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved
It’s sites like those that understand the value of letting art speak for itself. Yes, there are some bad bad really bad books. But same goes for the Publishers, it my be well edit, but that that just makes it well edit crap. Walk into any book store and you’ll see there’s hundreds of books that have been their since that store opened back in 2001.
So, what does this word really mean? Remember the Bible NEVER contradicts itself. If there seems to be an inconsistency, then our understanding is inadequate. The word translated as “contentment” in our English language , as USED in TODAY”S vernacular, doesn’t fully capture the meaning of what was intended by the writers in the Hebrew and Greek language. There’s more to this than our word content captures….
TDA has now become an official member of NFL!
Yesterday, I experienced abuse from one group and friendship from two others while taking photos. It doesn't take a mind reader which company I prefer!
Time to stop living small.
Now to find some quick fixes for other areas as well. I’m not so naive that I think there will be a quick fix for everything but there must be some way to make it less of a chore to make myself do the things I already know I should be doing. There’s a mighty wide chasm between knowing and doing at the moment. I’m working on making the chasm narrower and shallowed. Eventually (I hope) it will disappear and I’ll enjoy the lifestyle changes and it will be as easy as walking on flat ground. No safety gear required.
I had one crotchet magazine and I made my brother a pillow cover of what look like an owl, but it was actually a badger, we had never seen a badger so we thought that the word "tejón" (badger in Spanish) was owl in some other hispanic country, we were 13 and 1, it was our joke, every time we saw the pillow we laughed and laughed, he was the brother I got along the best with, I have 9!! but he was like my best friend, he died, and I didn't keep the pillow case, too sad! :(
The plot of Jack and Jill, such as it is, is this: Jack (Adam Sandler) is an advertising exec based in Los Angeles, where he lives with his wife, Erin (Katie Holmes), and their two children. Jill (also Sandler) is his twin sister, who lives in the Bronx, and whose clinginess irritates Jack to an intense degree. When a visit for Thanksgiving turns into an extended, open-ended vacation that threatens to last until New Year's, Jack becomes increasingly desperate to get rid of Jill, though the rest of his family adores her.
Next up, we have THE BAD.
I’m no snob when it comes to the products that I use, and I have both drugstore and higher end brands in my beauty arsenal. In fact, I love it when I come across an inexpensive product that does the trick—and my latest find is a real steal at only $3!
They took advantage of our membership and made a day of it at the zoo.
Sunday. Coffee, sandwiches and love. Get some.
The greatness of God not admired.
By Te’Kia Miller
And since I don't have any pictures to go with this post, let me just add another gripe - I don't like this new blogger thing either.
But this post is not about whether I should be buying the turkey to begin with.
Before or after the other events, attendees are invited to view “DJ Screw and the Rise of Houston Hip Hop” (sponsored by the UH Libraries). This exhibition tells the story of DJ Screw and the Screwed Up Click through original artifacts, as well as documenting earlier pioneers and more recent artists who helped to shape Houston’s sound. It runs from March 19th – Sept. 21st at M.D. Anderson Library at UH and will be open to the public during library hours at no charge.
7. For individual pieces, start with hot oven and finish in medium hot
Yield: 40 dumplings
Hulk Hogan has the other teams in his office. He eliminates Eric and ODB, because he knows what Eric did with those other titles on their honeymoon, and that is sick.
The fact that the Pistols still enjoy a mythical aura, with numerous repackagings and releases despite the band's two-year, one-LP duration, speaks to the inexplicable charm of the punk rockers. The world's unlikeliest boy band, the Pistols started as guitarist Steve Jones' effort before McLaren stuck his grimy fingers into everything and ginned up notoriety with a parade of staged stunts that revealed the avaricious, capitalistic impulse underneath this supposed movement of musical and sociopolitical revolution even as the kids' vicious tension with McLaren demonstrated the ongoing struggle with that influence, one that proved victorious in the nihilistic dissolution of the group at their moment of glory.
The Remix Process: Reflecting and Translating
The green team awkwardly sat back down, knowing that they had been beat, but that certainly didn't shut the red team up. Everyone on team red continued screaming like a bunch of monkeys hyped up on crack and red bull until the show started.
Well, it turns out that my mommy friends DO know what they're talking about. After getting five gushing reviews about the place and how much their toddlers loved it, I decided maybe it wouldn't hurt if we checked it out before the summer ended. My husband took a half day on Friday, and so we went during the week, when most children have already started back to school, and got to share the amusement park with only a few dozen people; it was great!
In a bowl, mix together the butter and goat cheese until smooth.
“Vivienne Westwood”….she replied, smiling wistfully into her Sultana and Apple porridge.
I just need to finish the invites, print them, and send them out (blaaaaaaah).
I received this book complimentary from the publisher Thomas Nelson through the BookSneeze Program in exchange for an honest review. All opinions expressed are my own.
The twilight swallows the thicket,
“I don’t know.” Jenro just shakes his head.
It still blows me away that there are blind and sight impaired lace knitters out there. If you are one of those brave and fearless knitters, I bow my deepest, most humble bow to you.
God sends them a strong delusion, so that they may believe what is false… 2 Th 2:11
Winner of the Spellbinding Award 2009 (Cumbria Schools Library Service).
One thing I love to do is sit down and have a good, long discussion about immigration.
My walls and doors have a hard time staying clean, specially if I'm not quick enough to catch the kids and get them to wash their hands. I have been looking for a nice product that would get the grime off but be gentle on my walls and paint, I found that in Baby Harmony's All-Purpose Cleaner! Its gentle formula got the dirt and grime right off and left my walls and doors super clean! I also love to wipe the counter tops off with the All-Purpose cleaner, specially before I prep my food for dinner, I know its clean and chemical free!
Oooops - forgot the photo!
Also, please don’t abruptly stop in front of me forcing me to swerve in all different directions to avoid hitting other people. Worse is when I end up stepping in the big pile of mud, ruining my shoes just because you didn’t release that there are other pedestrians in this world. You can tie your shoelace or check your text message one foot to the right of where you stopped.
123 3. Book Review: Hugh Thomas, John Strachey (New York, 1973). Chicago Sun-Times/ Showcase, January 6, 1974, p. 14 (abridged).
Since children between the ages of 12–36 months are apt to put objects in their mouths, they are more likely than older children to take in lead. Pregnant women who come into contact with lead can pass it along to their fetuses.
The art of the nail design has made a huge comeback in the last two-three years and I couldn't be more excited about this latest one. If you are not familiar with my "Nails Did" feature, I love nail bling!
Felinfoel Brewery Company, Ltd. Thames Welsh ESB
My friend Erika had given me some papers and the one felt exactly as the coral piece I had. I put ordinary printer paper in the punch at the same time as the finer paper and that did help somewhat, but there is a little nick right at the top of the punch.
$6...
2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. and
﻿I just partied with:
The only real flaws in my set are found on the Jack Clark card which has a nice horizontal crease and a crimped bottom edge.
Pearl Paradise have begun to carry chocolates; theirs are enhanced Tahitians, and tip of the oyster to Jeremy Shepherd for fully disclosing that. Here's an 18-inch, 9.4-10.5mm Tahitian chocolate necklace; notice the more consistent colour and round shape. Your choice of four gold clasps. Price, $2,995. Nice necklace for the woman who wants a big cocoa splash. (And a May Mother's Day special gives you 10% off regular-priced items till May 14.)
Stay positive. Now sounds easy enough, but if you let the "ickies" of the world and those around you drag you down in a heart beat. You have to make sure your environment is set so you can remain joyful and not be drained. (note to self if the "ickies" have invaded your home this is hard to do, so help them find joy too!!!!! In whatever way possible.)
Warning: Children should be taught to never pour hot liquids into paper cups.
And the tough love carer refused to let the hitcher hitch home now.
~Karen
“We would never bill the victim of a burglary for fingerprinting and photographing the crime scene, or for the cost of gathering other evidence,” said Alaska’s then-governor, Tony Knowles. “Nor should we bill rape victims just because the crime scene happens to be their bodies.”
4. Your life might depend on it.
Gaz Coombes – lead vocals, guitar
It would be suicidal for the Labour party, both in terms of political and economical credibility, to follow Owen Jones’ calls.
. . . we asked Rulkowski why it’s not suitable.
Arrange spinach on salad plates and top with 4-5 scallops (remove toothpicks before serving), serve immediately.
“The NINDS trial was critical because it meant there was now an acute treatment that could be given and that in order to give it we had to get people to hospital urgently,” says Tony Rudd, Consultant Stroke Physician at St Thomas’ Hospital, London. “This provided a rationale for setting up acute stroke units capable of responding quickly.”
If you have any questions about Alphabe-Thursday or problems doing your link just post it in a comment or send me an e-mail. I'll do my best to help you as quickly as I can.
Behold: TRAVELLERS MECCA; Flight 001! I ran into this place when I was searching the area surrounding my very trendy and awesome hotel, Public.
We ordered pulled pork sandwiches with cole slaw and tempura sweet potatoes with Tennessee sauce, as well as smoked brisket and chicken with collard greens. This has got to be the best BBQ I've ever tasted. It has set the standard for Atlanta, and I hope everyone else rises to meet this challenge. In the meantime, I will go back to Heirloom if I am in the mood for BBQ. Exquisite food, and a lovely atmosphere.
Afghans I spoke to (yes, the ones that use the Facebook, mostly) weren’t terribly impressed with his visit, and sure, it probably wasn’t directed that them: ostensibly we’re here to help the nation of Afghanistan, and when the leader of the United States only spares the place a few hours of his time, it makes it pretty clear to Afghans (and us) how important it really is.
4. While the lamb simmers, melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the sorghum or all-purpose flour and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Gradually whisk in the milk. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking often, until the sauce thickens and no longer tastes of flour, about 5 minutes. Off the heat, whisk in the Parmesan and nutmeg and season with salt and pepper to taste; cover and set aside.
Until they think warm days will never cease,
what I love about your laughing face is your smile,
We mostly needed to figure out how our business was going to function before making anything for our presentation.
“If this cake is a gift, that I means I do not get to eat it. Not happy. Not happy at all”
The mechanical bobcat has been pounding
A US archaeologist had started researching the people’s DNA, but died before he could complete his work.
The example I like to use is the following as it is the community I live in: Alameda, where I live, is not overall uniformly a great district. Within the last six years, some schools did not meet the State of Ca or Federal requirements for improvement and are being pre-emptively changed – Chipman Middle School is one of them. At the same time this is/was happening, a large contingent of Section 8 housing was razed and reconstructed into something ‘new’ and new, new homes were put in what would be Chipman territory. The new new homes got a new new school called Ruby Bridges. Interestingly, as the ambiance of poverty shifted, so to did the test scores…..not anything really noteable – in fact, no one that I know of has mentioned it as anything more than a Michelle Rhees (over hyped score improver in DC) anomoly (there is no data so to speak, just a perceived feeling things have changed a bit in Alameda).
Kent Snyder, CEO
support and treat them, and pay for the damage they do. Did a giant germ
talons outstretched, grabbing life
Not a lot of scoring here with only +1 to the Spurs and +1 to the Thunder (Sonics). Always fun to see Shawn Kemp, even if it is the later, fatter version. Kemp and Baker were both involved in the three way trade that sent Kemp to the Cavs.
My wife turns her phone on, and instantly gets a message saying that she has a missed call from Brown (my sisters fiancé, first name; Felix), which usually only means one thing, he and my sister are inviting themselves over for dinner.
The smallest country in the world.
It's been an unusually mild Winter in general. Ice never did form on Keweenaw Bay to the point where anyone was able to get out there ice fishing, and I noticed the last time we went to town that some guys already have their boats in the water. I also spotted a white pelican at the head of the bay. White pelicans do not winter this far north, so I guess that's another sign the usual weather patterns are truly out of whack this year.
As April, comes peaking around the corner, adults are concerned about taxes, teens about how to pay their first semester in college next year , and kids are making plans for lemonade stands and summer income…here are some fun and informative ideas to keep smart about money by gaining knowledge to share with your family.
But the best way of creating them is to get more people using your product or service.
Please behave tomorrow.
Salamander Energy plc , Active Exploration Blocks, by Country, 2002-2010 14
Although Pesaka Astana and related companies had entered into a consent judgment in favour of the bondholders back in 2008, KAF and Mayban Trustees had chosen to go to trial.
Trust is a commodity that Brinn has been unable to afford. Can the kindness and gentle touch of a stranger break through the wall she has built around her heart? After half a lifetime of living in isolation and fear, Brinn must decide if leaving the safety of her remote cabin is worth the hope—and danger—that may await her.
After close to 300 pages reading you will ask yourself what about Aarti? Her part is never described from her point, her character lies in the grey zone, but doesn’t most girls in today’s working world face similar situation?
‘While European Central Bank President Mario Draghi hailed the accord struck at all-night talks in Brussels, investors urged him to expand his crisis-fighting arsenal to ensure debt- addled nations can pay their bills. Italian and Spanish bonds fell even as the ECB was said to be buying them in the market.
Here are some startling facts:
Teplitz: "have a special reputation for old gunshot wounds"
Britain has many fantastic things, good music, great history and good tea to name but a few, but one thing that we struggle with is good Mexican restaurants. This maybe because we are so many thousand miles away, but to be honest I've had amazing mexican food in other counties that are just as far away as we are, so why can't we get it right? The Mexican restaurants that we have tend to be chain affairs and extremely bad quality. They tend to dress themselves up as "Tex Mex" but to be honest, they are neither.
In this way we can perceive a direct relationship between earnings and dwellings prices. A person with average yearly earnings of €31,000 cannot comfortably afford to pay more than about €124,000 for their first home.
I spotted Hannah of Another City... on Lookbook (I don't have an account myself, but enjoy perusing it for inspiration) and was pleased to find that she had a blog, which I promptly followed. Hannah has legs up to her armpits, but what I'm most envious of is her style. Most often seen in Doc Martens or those gorgeous French Connection boots (right-hand photo), she oozes effortless cool, whether clad in laid-back leggings or pretty dresses.
something about being in your mid-30s
Off topic. Having trouble with my comments form. I’m not getting email notifications for some of them and one I did get a notification for didn’t show up on my blog. I believe it has something to do with the .au that is now on the end of our blog address for people blogging in Australia. Also new followers aren’t showing up even though my number has increased. Very frustrating and I wish blogger would hurry up and fix this problem. I’m in the process of changing my comment form so bare with me if things go a little wonky from time to time.
An other way to make the header match better is remove the borders from the header. You must change the border width from 1px to 0px.
Story Wheel-
The greeters would smile at me and shake my hand every time I walked through the door. They would tell me they were glad I was there. But I didn’t believe them. You hypocrites I would think to myself. You don’t care about me.
Barack Obama issued a reminder to the American LGBT populace this last week as to why they should vote for him in the Presidential race later this year. Often criticised as a let-down on gay rights (as on so many other issues) his campaign have knocked together a graphic to remind everyone what he has done.
The front desk man mumbled something as bent down under the waist-high front desk. He pulled up a bowed and bent cardboard box and dropped it with a thud. Dzinski pawed through the forgotten scarves, umbrellas, and single gloves. He found an unwound dime store pocket-watch, a pair of baby shoes and eyeglass frames missing both lenses on the bottom of the box.
“Did you notice he has a suction cup??” I’m sort of laughing at this.
We moms drive from show to show during this busy month, with cars full of dresses, sock glue, make up, sound systems, water, snacks,as performances are added throughout the day.
Who flaps too hard
- 1 tsp baking soda
The Spring Festival at Mt. Laurel will be on Saturday, April 14 from 10:00 - 3:00 and Angie told me today that they hope to have the pharmacy open by then but even if it is not officially open, the doors will be open and gift shop items will be available and they will also have a booth outside at the festival.
Removable/washable seat
Where is he going? I don’t know. I would love to say that I don’t care, that I refuse to feel guilty over this, but- well, he keeps mentioning his damned car. Now, Sis says it could be a gambit to make me feel worse, relent and sneak him back in. Becuase could I really let him live in his car?
The person I saw it happen to this week... not even one of my favorite people.
but it is still the world's best known
FG: Est:1.015 Observed:
And I like films that respect a person’s belief—it was such a breath of fresh air to have Keith David’s space traveler in Pitch Black be a devout Muslim, and that the film treated his devotion with respect.
We drove in silence pretty much the rest of the way home. My father was talked out. Me afraid to say anything.
They say the straight trousers drafted using this technique known for a particularly good fit. Well I will just have to find out for myself, don't I?
Evidently not. When I speak to my friends, some of them share the same habit. And according to several articles there's a growing trend for middle-age women to hit the wine bottle in the evening, not falling down drunk, but a glass or two at the end of the day. Every day. That's me. Who would have thought about the 35+ units it adds up to.
I post, you decide! Poor Obama, more and more revelations are coming out about his past and how he conned his way into the White House. The latest are internal emails showing that John McCain was informed about voter fraud committed in Pennsylvania and Ohio during the last election. McCain chose not to reveal this....as any good liberal would. The emails also shows that the Obama campaign paid Jesse Jackson a 'six-figure' amount to buy his silence on what Obama intended to do about Israel - stop them in their tracks. It also shows how Obama received millions in donations from the Russians. No wonder he was so eager to please his masters when he was caught during the open mic scandal. It's all starting to make sense - and to show Obama as the treasonous dog he is. Many have believed for a long time that Obama was born in Kenya and now his released birth certificate has been outed as a forgery to which his own lawyer has admitted to.....and then these allegations. No one was prepared to vet Obama apart from 'extreme Right Wing' bloggers, because to vet him would be tantamount to being racist. There's that political correctness working once again. And now America sits with this impostor as their POTUS. The question is: Are they going to be able to get him out of the office he's been groomed to invade and destroy the country from? Hmmm.......
“The white terra-cotta-clad C-Town supermarket on the north side of 9th Street between Fifth and Sixth avenues was, from 1914 to 1967, the RKO Prospect Theatre, which at first presented both vaudeville and films, then later only films. In 1922 comedian Ted Healy invited two fledgling Brooklyn-born performers, Moe and Shemp Howard, to join him onstage for some ad-libbed humor. The act continued at the Prospect under the name Ted Healy and His Stooges.”
Yesterday marked the 95th anniversary of the beginning of the Battle of the Somme. One of the bloodiest military operations ever recorded, the Battle of the Somme lasted from 1 July 1916 to 18 November 1916. More than 1 million soldiers were killed. It has become synonymous with slaughter.
I decided to take a nap, bad idea. I woke up feeling a a zombie and I coudnt sleep at night. Was that my conscience???
The V of Indian vegetables is dedicated to the medley of vegetables. In Indian cuisines, much importance is given to the creative pairing and combinations of vegetables. While singly prepared vegetables have their own taste and simplicity, mixed veggies have their own uses. The combination can result in a dish that is more colorful, especially useful for brightening up certain veggies that don't have very bright hues. It can result in a dish that is more flavorful, with the tastes and textures of the components playing off each other. Certainly, the pairing of certain foods can result in a more nutritious dish. The combination can also be used to "stretch" a more expensive or rare vegetable. Personally, I love having recipes for mixed vegetable dishes in my repertoire for one simple reason: it allows me to use up all the bits and bobs of vegetables before I go food shopping again, and results in less waste of valuable food.
He’s the God Who does.
And this is just the stuff that I stumbled across working on Christmas presents, mind you.
No rushing in without being prepared..
The distance seems too far to jump.
Two new covers for The Lantern - one for the paperback edition in the US, and one for the Dutch translation - both of which will be available in a matter of weeks. It's always fascinating for authors to see the covers chosen by publishers. Occasionally distressing too, though thankfully that's absolutely not the case with either of these! What is interesting here are the different aspects of the novel the publishers have chosen to emphasize, reflecting not only the book but the current feel and fashion of each home market.
Well it's the last day of 2011!!! how are you spending new years eve?
Yet such a condition does not simply operate to keep society in place, it operates to prevent and it operates even within nationalism, even within patriotism and it negates almost all defence, sets commonsense in a race with lunacy and creates a faction within the patriotic movement that aids unknowingly or otherwise the agenda. Hate motivates, it galvanises and what if one could create it, use it, use it as a weapon to smash apart reason and greatly rush us towards the new age, the coming storm, the war of bewilderment, what if in the thinking, those that wish us gone have taken our loyalty towards each other, our love of nation, our sense of self, of people, our pride in defender and hero and uses it for a nefarious purpose as has happened before.
Another top ex-cabinet minister Daim Zainudin is more shadowy but no less influential. Although he speaks softly, oppositionists should not forget that the elites and Umno vested interests carry a big stick.
was coming up and my mother had allowed me to have heels for my Easter outfit. If they were an inch, I'd be surprised but to me they looked just like the high heels my mother wore. I think I still had the stitches when I crammed my aching toes into those shoes but I was
Sometimes I get involved in reading or retouching and I let the TV drone in the background, thinking that any minute I'm going to stop working, find something good to watch, and get my brain turned off (nothing dulls the brain like TV, right?) so I can get sleepy. But before I know it, whatever show I was not watching has turned into an infomercial. By the time Jane Seymour has extolled the virtues of "Natural Advantage" a dozen times, it's definitely time to stop, which is what I'm going to do the second I finish this post.
Semi Dual by
Eight weeks pregnant with my first child, I was euphoric. But it still had to be a secret…for now.
Well over at Lily of the Valley it is Challenge 111 called "Missing you" and bethought myself of this little cute square by Lily of the Valley, of a bunny who is hunting anxiously at a Christmas mail box trying to see if his missed friend has sent him some mail (oops, maybe it is bird feeder - we dont have them over here and always thought it was letter box, till now). It will do as have very limited range in Lili of valley.
When I got ready to take these photos for you (the ones of the Afters, taken just now), I discovered that at some point, one of the cats got to the photography screen, the folding screen we got at the UU Church Garage Sale years ago. It had one tear in it, which I carefully mended with white glue, and all was well. Sometime here in the last few months, though, someone got to it where it was stored behind the door against the wall. I'm guessing Clarice:
Prerequisites: adult reading skills
In the end of the day we shot studio photos and voice-over's.. each in our own languages. Fellow blogger annette was with us as the norwegian girl, bit sadly fell sick on the day of filming! she was fitted in to the clip later though.. I hope she feels better now..
Zest of 6 lemons, 6 limes and 6 oranges
Here are a few holiday treats you might want to make for your friends and family this holiday season. I can't believe the holidays are here already!
Some of the farms continuing to use conventional (non-biotech) seed traditionally use extensive, low-intensity production methods (including organic) in which limited (below average) use of pesticides is a feature (see, for example, the Texas cotton example above). The usage pattern of this subset of growers is therefore likely to understate usage for the majority of farmers if all crops were conventional.
11 Song for the Children
I’m plying my silk, however. I’m using it for a modular knitted vest, that has been in my project bag for ages.. I’ll post pics of that some other time, so stay tuned for more!
The belief that the world as it ought to be is, really exists, is a belief of the unproductive who do not desire to create a world as it ought to be. They posit it as already available, they seek ways and means of reaching it. "Will to truth"--as the impotence of the will to create.
2. There's nothing technically wrong with the editing in the opening suspense sequence...and yet, strangely, the filmmaking still feels like pure amateur hour. There are barely any shots in which the predators and their prey occupy the same frame; for all I know, Prior could have shot the mercenaries and the chubby guy in two entirely different parts of this forest. Heck, even I've done that! Years ago, back when I was living in central New Jersey, I picked up a video camera one time and tried to make my own slasher flick, discovering quickly that, on a budget of zero dollars, all I needed to do to suggest someone getting killed was just juxtapose a shot of a sharp object with the pained expression on a victim's face. (And because I was under the influence of the Friday the 13th films at the time, I destroyed a fair amount of strawberries to simulate blood splattering.) It's the Kuleshov effect at its finest! It would be miraculous if it turned out the auteur behind this film and Killer Workout (1987) knew who Lev Kuleshov was; alas, when you see mercenaries shooting at the chubby victim and, in the next shot, hear no gunfire as the victim falls to the ground in pain, you realize that perhaps there are limits to Prior's grasp of continuity after all.
Some of the recommendations, from a total of seventy in all, go way beyond the confines of policing. Indeed, some represent a serious threat to civil liberties and free speech in the United Kingdom.
“Beseeching” is a passionate appeal. “Brethren” are other believers. “Presenting” is a daily process. Christians are supposed to be “living” sacrifices. We are supposed to be “holy.”
to protect and preserve
Can't wait to hook up with them tomorrow and start learning from them!
Weather Warden Book 4
He's a distinctive writer, not always easy to pinpoint in time. These stories take place now but feel sometimes older, without losing their modern or postmodern sensibilities. I look forward to his first novel, told in a more street-wise, polyglot, hardboiled argot forty years on in his imagined Cork-Limerick-Galway urban concoction, "City of Bohane." (I reviewed this on New York Journal of Books when "City" appeared March 6, 2012 in America-- the review above to Amazon US 9-7-11)
Excuse/Issue Resolution Three:
Overall, I was pretty pleased with my recent experience at Rue 21! I also received a Rue cash coupon worth $15 off a $40 purchase or $30 off a $75 purchase for my next visit!
REMEBER: WRITE ON ALL ITEMS " AUSSIE TROOPS PROPERTY "
I have everything ready to go. Fabrics chosen, cut, sorted and colours figured out. I had a hard time finding the right border fabric, but I think what I ended up with will work well. The shops in my area don't sell Kansas Troubles very often and I had to go with a very similarly toned Buggy Barn instead. You'll see it when I get the top assembled.
1. Pressure (remix) prod by GERMZ
This match always promised to be fantastic, even before WrestleMania, but was finally realised last night at Extreme Rules. This one did a great match of putting on a pure wrestling match while largely ignoring all of the stuff surrounding their feud. They teased AJ involvement, and talked about the ’18 seconds’ victory a little, but for the most part, they let this be what it was: a match to finally determine the winner of the feud. 2-out-of-3 falls always produces interesting, old skool storytelling, and this was no different. I was expecting a very quick first fall for Sheamus, but what we got was better; a long, technically sound first fall, building to the first decision. Bryan was wrestling Sheamus down, working in his arm in anticipation for the YES Lock while keeping some really tough, strong grapples and strikes, while Sheamus was out-powering Bryan when on top, and adapting to Bryan’s style, like when he pulled out a very apt Cloverleaf following from a cool chain wrestling progression. The first fall finish came with Bryan smelling blood after Sheamus ran in to the ringpost and took an ungly spill to the floor with his arm caught in the turnbuckle. After Bryan worked his arm around the ringpost some more, he rolled him in to the ring, and started stiff kicking him to the arm, and in classic 2-out-of-2 falls match style, he played the long game, taking the DQ fall for Sheamus for the benefit of severely weakening his main target in Sheamus’s arm. The dividends came quickly as Bryan locked in the YES Lock. At this point, I even believed Sheamus might tap; but having Sheamus as the fightin’ babyface, it was probably best to have him refuse to tap, only to not be able to continue in the fall, and the second one therefore being given to AmDrag. Here, we had a fall for each without either man looking weak, and telling a great story about a wily heel and a brave face in a war. By this point, the match was becoming an epic saga. With Sheamus unresponsive, Bryan started leading the crowd in YES chants, getting the crowd really hot, and leading to dueling YES/NO chants. Sheamus struggled to get up, but showing both the effect Bryan had on him, and his own resilience, he hit a basic, desperation Brogue Kick which led to a good near fall which allowed Bryan to show his resilience. At this point, it became a blow for blow war as Bryan got a good near fall with a sickening stiff kick to Sheamus’s ear, which was requited with stiff forearms and other blows. Bryan tried to keep on top of him, but missed his turnbuckle dropkick and flying headbutt. With Sheamus back on top he managed to build to his finish; an Irish Curse backbreaker leading to the final, decisive Brogue Kick – sold with amazing backflip from Bryan – for an impressive win in which Bryan also looked great. Both men gave their all, and the crowd were really into it. A great way to finish this feud and quite probably a Match of the Year candidate. For Sheamus, it looks like Alberto Del Rio will be in his future, which should lead to some good matches. As for Bryan, he needs a high profile feud to move on to now he’s so over. I support my idea about him being given Randy Orton, and I think that against a face so over as Randy, Bryan’s heat will be condensed in to more pure heel heat.
Tiling kitchen very slowly progressing due to bloody old building = wonky walls
I’m sharing the documents I created as part of my practicum and the Collection Development course I took, with a few annotations about what you’ll find in each:
In all of my 38.5 weeks of glory... ready to pop... I literally could not have gone another day. I was creakin' around this house as if I was 89 years old. Hips... back... legs... ouch, ouch, and ouch. Has anyone ever told you that the 2nd is SO much harder on your body than the 1st? Well, it is. Geez, I could've used a warning.
"Its spiritual weather Greenie, the Gods are calling".
You can see by the above examples that their numbers for computation their problem are not handed to them on a silver platter. The student is taught to find the formula on his own before a solution can be realized thereby bringing forth the reasoning of which I spoke of earlier. The preface to the book has this to say:
Apologies if you know about this already, but the first of Dr Nicola Searle's new series of posts on economics for the intellectual property community has just been posted on the IPKat as "Katonomics 14: largely neglected -- design rights". You can read it in full here.
Madam Chief Minister Banerjee,
Judy M. first found and awarded Howard L. with his quilt. Mr. L., born in 1918, served on the USS Helena at Pearl Harbor and seven more Pacific battles. Last year he was honored to act as the Grand Marshall for Springfield, Oregon's 4th of July events.
Writing about only the good stuff makes for a lighthearted read, although not an entirely honest one. But if I write about how hard things are right now then it becomes a drag and who wants to read that?
The best thing is having the opportunity to explore interesting ideas. The worst thing is usually my next deadline. I write pretty slowly, and sometimes it’s hard to keep up!
2 ribs celery, diced
ARISE Foundation is gearing up for a week long life skills training workshops, in Washington DC on June 18-22, 2012. The training will take place from 8:30 to 4:30 each day. Those working with at-risk populations, in a variety of settings, should take part in the Master Life Skills training in order to become ARISE Certified Master Life Skills Trainers.
YES, ORGANIC FOOD IS WORTH IT! LOOK AT IT AS AN INVESTMENT IN YOUR VITALITY.
Let’s talk Money. Moolah. The Big Cheese. Again, we’re not a non-profit organization, but we’re not exactly a for-profit organization either. We charge a small cover charge for entry to the Festival, and this money goes to the bands. No money collected will be given to the venue or anyone involved with the production of Infringement Brooklyn. We are volunteers. We do this out of our love of art, our desire to share it, and to infringe upon those who would infringe upon us. We are looking for volunteers. Email us if you’re interested.
The thing is when a starter is cleared,your main course isn't going to appear immediately anyway.So any request for a break generally signifies a longer wait then the kitchen wants you to have, i.e they will have put your main course on to cook to coincide with starters being finished,factoring in a short break. Any request for a longer *rest* and all may not be as jolly as usual in the kitchen.
Many of you seemed interested that we were dropper feeding baby 'possums. It's not the first time. When my girls were oh say about eight and ten the dogs killed a 'possum and Marcy saved one then too.
A Note on Eating Gluten-Free
Entry #64
So kind readers, all of the above made me realize I have been faced with this situation before. When I was in the 11th Grade, my BFF and I started a house cleaning service. We were, The Partners In Grime. We had been in business for about 6 months, working after school and doing really well.
The story is about a very pregnant Vidya Bagchi looking for her very missing husband Arnab Bagchi in Kolkatta. Arnab who has left Vidya at London for a 2 week assignment in Kolkotta goes missing, missing and how. There is no trace of the man anywhere, but the very trusting wife believes that he is in trouble and searches for him earnestly. Has Arnab cheated and impregnated Vidya and left her? Does he even exist? Will Vidya be able to find her husband? Watch the movie to experience it all along with Bidya oops Vidya.
Seven hours into labor, Bri starts pushing. Can we talk about this for a minute? I've been in labor twice -- both times for 12 hours before I ended up with a c-section. Even at 12 hours of active labor I was still about halfway to being dialated enough to push. Seven hours seems perfect! Maybe there really is something to be said about birthin' them babies when you're younger?
Blog founder curator Taylor Jones stumbled onto the idea while browsing through an old family album. He found a picture of his younger brother, and saw that his brother was also in the room, giving him a weird sense of nostalgia. Jones got his camera, took the old photo, lined it up with the original location, snapped the picture, uploaded it, and within a few months his blog had gone viral.
Idlewild Books
The world really isn’t that ugly a place, if you really look at the power, and context of every situation. There is something positive to be taken from everything. In the case of this great Twain novel, a journey can be seen. A journey of how far, our society has come. From a time when prejudices, and much worse occurred to a time now where everyone has so many opportunities.
Today's A-to-Z monster is inspired by (or is that "is an interpretation of"?) the Japanese creature the "itten momen." Like the "L" day's lithopede, the whipwhirl is a bit of a nuisance. I'm feeling like I need to create a "Conjure Whipwhirls" spell to go along with this creature.
A lot has been written and said about you. A lot of it has been unflattering. People, older people, have said your generation is predominately lazy, lacks work ethic and cares more about immediate gratification than achieving long-term goals. They say that you’re a market mercenary and will switch jobs when the wind blows in a different direction. There are entire management seminars completely dedicated to teaching people how to manage you. Do you believe that? Sure, you never knew what a VHS tape was, the Cold War was something you read about in history class, and the Internet always existed. But, who cares? Let me share a little secret: they said the same thing about Generation X almost 20 years ago. You see, it’s fun to bash the younger kids on the block. You wouldn’t expect older workers to say you’re better than them, do you?
What about for you? Are you wasting your dollars on a high caloric diet of literary junk? Do you feel there is an influx of badly crafted work hitting the self-publishing world? Should there be a better way of regulating it now that the so-called gatekeepers (agents) of the industry no longer work as filters? Feel free to point out any grammatical errors in this article!
It was understood initially; when Rahul Dravid and Rahane started in a cautious way, playing risk free cricket scoring at a nice rate. But, when Dravid was dismissed, they needed 53 runs from 37 balls with nine wickets in hand, which should not have been a difficult task. Rahane should have taken the attack to the opposition. Rahane showed his inexperience by scoring in the same rate and inject confidence on the Delhi players, as the required rate was on an increase. Hope, he has learnt his lesson to finish the game at the earliest.
- 1 desert spoon of butter
Kate arrived next, for her first visit to the playground - aaah, I see that Sarn gave Kate a go on her pogo stick to welcome her! I do love to see you all playing nicely :) To see Kate's lovely collage work, go here. I love both cards, as I said to Kate, if I attempted it the result would just look as if two dogs had been fighting over some scraps of paper! Hope we see you again Kate - really super collages.
Jimmy warned her that this choice was risky because of the narrowness of the melody. It’s true that it did not allow her to show her range, but man, did she ever bring explosive energy and power to it!!! Once again, my country girl does it….. she has gotten me on board, and I’m there for the long haul!!! I love to watch her and listen to her and experience her. Good job.
The building at 80 DeKalb, bounded on the south by Fulton Street, is a former Barton's candy factory, which closed in 1981 and, according to a 6/9/85 article in the New York Times, was in converted to office space. Forest City Ratner bought the property four years later, in mid-1989, branding it as 10 MetroTech, the building in the far southeast of the sprawling complex.
I found this post to be very relevant personally, as when I received it a couple of nights ago I was in the middle of writing in my unschooling book about how we present unschooling, and how I feel we often sell it short, in not recognizing how much of a truly radical impact it could have... I feel that Jeff really illustrates some interesting and important points here, and I hope you like this post as much as I do!
I hope you will learn the lesson of the snake. My Father faced down the snake, not because of his courage, his bravery, or his power. He faced the snake because he knew that no matter how terrible the snake looked, the snake was already dead. The same is true of that serpent the devil. You see the real battle occurred several thousand years ago, and the victory has already been won for you. God sent his one and only Son in the person of Jesus Christ into the world to save mankind from sin, and to save man from Satan’s sinister plans.
Online reading is a whole different ball game. We skim, our eyes flick over the screen, we get the idea and move on tout de suite. We don’t spend any time looking in the columns to the left or the right of what we’re reading. Occasionally something with catch our eye, something nice and shiny, and it has maybe three or four seconds to hold our attention before we’re off. But what about ebook reading? Do we read ebooks as if they were web pages or pages in a real book? Skim, skim, whoosh, whoosh.
Ain’t dat a load of crap? Sometimes I forget that I’ve embraced a shit-free diet even though I’m far from perfect at sticking to it. I’ll be the first to admit that we in the Christianized West have gone to great effort to separate intellect from emotion, to the detriment of both. Mens sana in corpore sano. That’s the ticket. Our contemporary popular stereotype of segregating people into nerds and. jocks, one OR the other, makes me very sad. Integration of our various selves into our single self is the key. The ability to fully love starts with self-love and, for me, that’s a difficult thing. I’ve been working on it for a while now; I’m getting there.
In the above image, you see Bruegel before his painting. It appears as a still scene but as you watch horses lift their feet, or swish their tails. In the distance people move or are doing something. And then we will merge into the painting and see and hear what was going on.
There has not been any kind of countrywide, sustained 'weather' disaster which could have caused this dramatic collapse of South African agriculture.
Russia also bears a deep animus toward Ukrainian President Victor Yushchenko, for trying to bring his country into NATO. Yushchenko, whose approval rating is in single digits, has been seen, ever since the U.S.-backed Orange Revolution of 2004 that brought him to power, as America's man in Kiev.
No bed names no sex games just clone names and clone games
Notes from Underground is our second anthology. Created by allowing writers to fill up 10 pages with whatever they wanted, the anthology is an amazing, diverse, and unique read.
CH: This demands a lot of things! You know it, because you are a teacher as well, that currently the available tango pedagogy is much more decoded than ten years ago and so it is easier to learn. Today you do a volcada and a colgada and it is the same because they are there, commercially speaking, in the same package. Then, between doing a sandwichito or a volcada, people do a volcada, because it's more eye-catching. In tango people are self-centered; there is much individuality. They are not going to make a sandwichito to enjoy that moment, but whatever shows them more and better. In the musical field Astor Piazzolla broke with everything but you listen to it and it is tango. And today in the dance many think that they are Piazzolla and they aren't. I see men and women that only worry about how they are seen from the outside. It is a pretty complicated situation because it has to do with a very porteño personality and identity.
A recent White Paper released by the National Population and Talent Division under the Prime Minister’s Office recommends Singapore takes in 20,000 to 25,000 new citizens each year.
The picture do not show the colors correct so I will have to take them again tomorrow.
Traditional parents look at weltanschauung unschoolers and only see crazy levels of indulgence, a constant flow of socially unnormal behaviors! Oh, dear God! Yes. That's right. I'm that dad. I truly understand that from a traditional perspective it's crazy because traditional American child-rearing is all about control. I'm not. The phrase "my kids" is not the conceptual equivalent of "my bicycle."
Yesterday (before a crazy storm came through here) I was in my yard
Iced White Chocolate Fondant with Warm Blueberry and Thyme Soup
rice, 2 bowls and some measuring cups and spoons
"Yes, you did. I heard you."
Sequel?: No, but there are other Cyn Balog books that are equally as good! Check out: Sleepless and Starstruck (both of which will be reviewed by me in the future)
On my list of musts:
Items needed: An old pallet, a staple gun, some plastic backing* (we used empty soil bags), a nail, a hammer, dirt, and either seeds or plant starts. *You can use waxed cardboard if plastic is not your thing, though it can be harder to come by. Sometimes your local grocer may have extra waxed cardboard from produce deliveries. I don’t recommend plain cardboard because it will rot out quickly after being watered and you could lose your plants.
I love how God works, I started writing this post in 1 frame of mind & ending it in another. In a good way! :) One thing that keeps jumping out at me is something Kristi actually said to me. I asked her if she ever gets nervous about her husband traveling so much. And her response was "Not really because the reality is he is safer over there in God's will than he would be here out of God's will." I want to be in God's will. My God does not call me to be fearful...
At some point blue skies prevail.
When you factor in the cost of roughly $26 for the lipstick-sized canister (which holds about 21 shots), I have a hard time thinking that people are going to jump on this fad when they can just go ahead and get drunk the old fashioned way a whole lot cheaper.
These seamen who sought to reach land another way were disobeying Paul and in so doing, they were disobeying God. If they did not believe Paul, they did not believe God. This fact has not changed.
I created it so it could be printed and placed in 8.5 x 11 sheet protectors in a binder;
So I like to buy my bras at Victoria's Secret. I know, they are expensive. But honestly, they make the girls look good. You know what I'm sayin'? And I need the girls to look good. Because they are sad and depressed and not looking anyone in the eye these days. So my friend Victoria helps them keep their, um, spirits . . . up. Or something like that.
986 **D-X/4/1987. “Wishful Thinking and the Apocalypse.” Lake Shore Unitarian Universalist Society, Winnetka, Illinois. See Item D-IV/24(B)/1998 and s D-II/4/1999, below. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), pp. 579-88.)
Having been rather obsessed with pink lately, and always on the lookout for cute summer dresses, I found Elizabeth Hurley's outfit at Valentino quite divine:
5. Isaiah 53 in the Book of Acts
C. A Denial Of Dispensational Distinctives, Which Are:
The US War Between The States had been over for seven years, during which an industrial boom of unprecedented scale had occurred. Railroads had criss-crossed the land, finally from sea to shining sea. A New York City to San Francisco trip that had once taken 60 days or more, via Clipper ship around Cape Horn, now took a week. More than fifty thousand miles of railroad track had been laid, opening up huge areas of North America to the flood of immigrants arriving from Europe.
I was feeling especially blah that day. (I know. It's getting old, right?) Usually I keep my mouth shut when I feel this way because I tend to regret the things that come out of it. But, Jerry asked. So, I told him I was still struggling with figuring out what to do with myself now that he doesn't really need me around during the day. I told him it was kind of depressing to be alone while he's sleeping and that I'm tired of making so many plans that don't include him.
Neruda foundation: www.neruda.cl
I made this the other in my crock pot and words can’t describe how it tasted. I am all about spices, and more. I like the Asian flair to the dish especially with chicken with broccoli. I only buy boneless breasts and thaw out big pieces for the dish. Usually I do alot of pan cooking or stir fry which I love the most. I love the teriyaki taste and I found a recipe that if you throw in soy sauce and brown sugar together, the result is amazing. My recipe with my crockpot isfollows: When I cook, I can save the leftovers for few days.
Gross domestic product rose at an annualized rate of 2.2% in the first quarter, down from the previous quarter of 3% and below the market consensus forecast of 2.5%.
Wow. Come on now. In all honesty, it's usually the best teachers who are giving the lowest grades, because they are raising expectations. What exactly are grades good for? If the bad teachers are giving good grades, and the good teachers are giving bad grades (Clark's words), then do we know anything about a student by his grades, besides what kind of teacher he has? Also, Clark just admitted that there are some "bad teachers," but doesn't mention this inconvenient fact in the part where he tells us to trust all teachers.
In a large bowl, combine the strawberries with the sugar and stir gently to combine. Cover and set aside to let the strawberries release their juices. I usually put mine in the fridge to chill.
Rampant corruption in low-income countries also jeopardises the global fight against poverty and threatens to derail the UN Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), according to the report.
In the name of the Father and of the + Son and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.
Exizt
Click on the picture for a bigger view. It’s seriously huge. Also, no my notebook doesn’t come with awesome parchment colored pages. While they are starting to yellow slightly, it was mostly my levels adjustment to make the writing more visible that gave it that aged tint. Wish my notebook was parchment colored though…that’d be cool…
8And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.
But it didn't stop there. If the story was as neat and tidy as that, David could call Cassandra a liar, dump her, and them move on with his life.
God speed the moment when our spiritual immune system is strengthened to the point where it won't tolerate for one second the lies we tell ourselves and the soul's innocence is our life's work.
Lucky for me, I have never let my 30 seconds in the presence of Willie Mays taint any memory I have of him. Really, that's because I have no memory of him. He is still the myth. He is still larger than life. He is still forever young. Say Hey!
In 2005, the current PM, then in Opposition announced that her party, the UNC was not in support of the CCJ and her reason was that there was no ethnic parity. I know it might escape the members of this government….but Indo-Caribbeans do not make up 40 or even 50% of the Caribbean’s population. The Indian population lucky if it makes up 20% of the Caribbean demographic…yet here in Trinidad every day we have to grapple with an Indo-population that seems to forget that there are many other ethnic groups that exist here. As recently as last year when questioned on making the switch to the CCJ the PM said there was no need to, her government was not in any rush to dump the Privy Council, and every one knew it was because they were afraid of losing investors, as happened to Guyana when they made a similar move.
Wizards of Wonders 4500307
Foreign currency exchange, or Forex trading, lets you make money based on the value of money from other countries. Forex trading can be a good at home job to make additional income and could lead to a second career. You need to learn different strategies and practice them before you begin forex trading.
Born in the unfathomable depths of Space, out of the homogeneous Element called the World-Soul, every nucleus of Cosmic matter, suddenly launched into being, begins life under the most hostile circumstances. Through a series of countless ages, it has to conquer for itself a place in the infinitudes. It circles round and round between denser and already fixed bodies, moving by jerks, and pulling towards some given point or centre that attracts it, trying to avoid, like a ship drawn into a channel dotted with reefs and sunken rocks, other bodies that draw and repel it in turn; many perish, their mass disintegrating through stronger masses, and, when born within a system, chiefly within the insatiable stomachs of various Suns. (See Comm. to Stanza IV). Those which move slower and are propelled into an elliptic course are doomed to annihilation sooner or later. Others moving in parabolic curves generally escape destruction, owing to their velocity.
P/T = 24 hours per week?
As so much of the imagery, articles and general mood of my blog is Halloween oriented, it would seem to follow that I like Halloween very much. Why is that this should be so? What is it about Halloween that makes me love it so much?
Summation post:
Race With the Devil is so 70s it made my nose bleed. (This isn’t actually true. The only time I have ever spontaneously bled due to over stimulation is when I thought I saw Alan Moore whilst in a beer garden in Northampton, I had also just hit myself in the face with my mobile phone so these two factors may not even be related. For the record we never did get any clarification as to whether it was in fact Mr. Moore, I like to think it was). While Race With the Devil is undeniably a raucous romp round the back roads of 70s horror, I like to think of it more as a morality tale warning us of what would have really happened to Scooby Doo’s gang when they go meddling into the affairs of evil doers in masks.
The weekend is upon us and I am actually having a day off. We are headed to Ikea to hopefully find some furniture for the kids' room. I might get a few things to organize my scrapbook room. At this point, I need to purge more than I need to organize. I am not good at either of these two things! sigh... Happy weekend to you all!
I have been snacking to much.
The body rotates about its long axis with every arm stroke so that the shoulder of the recovering arm is higher than the shoulder of the pushing/pulling arm. This makes the recovery much easier and reduces the need to turn the head to breathe. As one shoulder is out of the water, it reduces drag, and as it falls it aids the arm catching the water; as the other shoulder rises it aids the arm at end of the push to leave the water.
As soon as we arrived in Pasadena CA, I felt the lovely California heat to its max (at least for the Spring). I was wearing long, black, comfy pants and a black shirt. We started walking around a very commercial strip and I decided to go into a shop and get a sun dress because, why not?
"Mr Faku’s statements go against the very basis of what the ANC has so valiantly fought for by incitement of imminent violence against The Herald and all who work for it, including members and supporters of the ANC."
In his article ‘Mandatory Persecution of Children and Families’ (2) He explains:
The bruschetta however, missed the mark. Instead of manageable two-bite crostini, these were huge slices of grilled bread and heaped with toppings of tomato, cannellini beans and roasted peppers with goat cheese.
Have you ever been playing your XBox or your PS3 and thought to yourself, “Self…this is just too much work. Hitting all of these buttons exerts far too much energy. I wish that there was a way I could just sit on my couch, stare at my screen, and control this game with my mind”? Well, good news. Now you can!
But, the grand, ultimate, completely over-the-top example of me being a Crazy Dog Lady was this week, when I stupidly dropped a 10-lb weight I was lifting on my toe, causing excruciating pain, much blood and a broken bone. (I thought of posting a photo, but I’ll spare you by asking you to imagine an overgrown, exceptionally ripe, slightly damaged red grape—that’s what my toe looks like!)
The nomer ‘coloured’ also includes the one minority in South Africa which has the only ‘first-nation’ rights -- namely the Khoi San peoples. All the other peoples in SA arrived tens of thousands of years after the Khoi-San peoples populated the entire region.
pass. Buttoned up
I hope you have a great -- and creative -- day!
“Or do you have another wish you need granted?”
I do have to say that I love sad ghost stories too. I think I just love ghost stories, period. If you like ghost stories, is there a kind that you prefer? Victorian? Modern? Angry ghosts, vengeful ghosts, sad ghosts? How about haunted things?
Although those ancient perpetrators are long dead and gone, the ANC government still holds regular ceremonies to call those spirits from the dead. Time and time again they’ve called up those same ghosts of the past… It is the same mischievous spirit that was so inherent among the original Nguni people, who migrated from the North and who initiated the slaughter of the indigenous Khoi and San by the multitudes. It was the same spirit that drove the black Caesar, Shaka Zulu, and his henchmen to brutally massacre 1000’s, including their own kind; the same spirit which, by the hands of a cowardly and murderous Mzilikazi, plundered, raped, and slaughtered the Sotho and other clans by the dozens, leaving the old Transvaal scattered with fearful inhabitants and haunted by lions, who had grown bold and fat from feeding on human corpses.
I hope you’re enjoying the new look. With today being Sunday, we’re hard at work writing some updates for the site. We’ve decided to add a new section, High Fidelity, to sexy gypsy.
Here is another beautiful vintage postcard from my collection of Duluth Minnesota and Lake Superior. Today is Friendship Friday and you can view other contributors at http://thebestheartsarecrunchy.blogspot.com/2010/10/great-pumpkin-postcard-friendship.html
They promised her a tiny spell to fix her ridiculous inhibitions, but instead mischievously delivered a full-blown, sanity-squashing lust spell. The temporary curse apparently has no boundaries either…since the first man who walks through her door is the same man who broke her heart ten years ago. Despite Michelle’s vociferous resistance, Sebastian becomes the only man who can appease her unending
them in exchange for their homes
For us, we believe that when you are married your bodies belong to each other. G.I. Joe believes this wholeheartedly. Call us old fashion if you like, I really don't care. But it just makes sense. We made vows and we're sticking to them. That means he's going to be looking at me for a wicked long time. If he doesn't want me to tattoo a peace sign in the middle of my stomach, I understand.
- Val
However I wonder where Google Offers will fall into the equation and if they will eventually gain enough traction to compete with the other two substantial forces. Google seems to be in their infancy and I am interested to see if they will gain substantial momentum along the way.
*We went to Branson, I took my camera, but left my card at home. No pictures. But we will be back Labor Day Weekend.
First is the worst: My local arcade shut down. What really blows is I was there on the day before it closed without realizing it, and really didn't get to play much. There is one more arcade left for me to go to for my magic foot dancing games, but it is a bit further away and much more money. At my local arcade, I was given a code so I could play free games on my In The Groove Machine for a dollar; that is, 1 dollar credit had to go in in order to use the code, but as long as there was at least one credit remaining in it, I could play for free. This really fit my budget considering I have so little money.
The second novel is in progress, entitled Altar of the False Gods and in which the Second Amendment plays the role of protector against Big Business and Big Government and Wall Street as small and independent businesses develop a strategy and tactics to not only ensure their survival, but to continue growing and profiting by taking market share away from the heretofore untouchable colossal giants of business.
Working the grave yard shift at a factory I would get off of work at 8:00 AM. I could have joined my co-workers and meet at the local bar for a shot and a beer. Instead I would go home and walk down to the creek to sit a while.
With the reality of the present.
There is also an interview he did with someone caring for someone with Motor Neurone disease
Money Remaining: $283,102
Friends and enemies I find it's contagerous
“Well, for one, can you prove this Valderas character was harassing her?”
We were heading to Danba, a central town whose satellite villages perch on mountains, where the Dadu crisscrosses 131 other streams and rivers, apparently draining an area of 3,000 square miles. It was an ever-higher drive. Below Danba, we stopped to skim stones in the Dadu; above, to wash in hot springs (geothermal development is likely here). Dam building was everywhere. The car crawled on rutted dirt tracks past roadblocks, mountains of gravel, workers’ prefab housing, giant dust clouds. Because of the long string of dams and power stations, in some places, articles say, the loss of vegetation qualifies as “desertification.” They’ve covered cliffs above the river with a sort of cement (I think) to hold back mud and landslides. A scientific report dryly notes the area’s “partially-destroyed appearance.”
Shortly after, Mogale's beaten body was found by two other patrol officers.
I matted it on a PP doily to add to the 'girlie' charm. I also added a pink spotty button (these spotty PP buttons are my absolute favourite) and the cute little felt banner was the perfect finishing touch.
Gear up for in coming BOD dates of banking sector which will energize traders.
as these beautiful women arrayed for the night
I assume an -s- has gone missing. Is perhaps on a quest in the service of Ann.
Like silver flashes fishes swim
I'm in between quarters at school (next quarter starts Monday - BAKING! - so expect a bunch of baked goods in the near future) and catching up on some spring cleaning, so I haven't done much cooking - especially since life is crazy busy! I know the title of this post may deter some of you, I mean, hell... shouldn't we all know how to boil water? Believe it or not, I've actually seen a lot of people that do this incorrectly! Take my lovely other half, for instance. I find him putting the pasta in the pot, covering it with water, and THEN putting it on the stove. I can even admit that I'm guilty of this every now and then. A lot of people think that it's faster to do it that way, but honestly - it just wastes more time!
I often tell myself I read for entertainment and escapism, to alleviate boredom, supply companionship and enjoy language. All those things are true. But I think the main reason I read (and always did) is to discover the magic formula for living. I still haven't found it, I know that much. It's what some people call an instruction manual, a kind of Hitchhiker's Guide to Life, but it's far more than that. Or it would be, should it exist. It would assure me of my place in things. Not too big a place - crushed by responsibility - but not too small, either. The bed and the bowl of porridge that are 'just right'.
what he is, he is
It is not just product brands that have suffered this treatment. Some popular High Street retail outlets have been ravaged too, their mannequins stripped, shelves cleared and carrier bags purloined as a handy means of making off with stolen property. Only e-tailers were spared, discounting the apocryphal tale of the young lad who smashed his computer screen in a hopeless attempt to raid an eBay vendor.
There was quick changing by Yuji Yasuda
We love Sonata’s bodysuit so much we thought we would take a few pictures of our own to show you how they arrive from Lithuania….the ‘Aria’ bodysuit.All items from Sonata can take up to two weeks to arrive so please order early, but many orders are received well before this time.
If you think you can stop there, you are nuts. You are just beginning to begin to understand the horoscope. Keep that in mind. But this first step does give you the first overall vision of the positivity or negativity of the house.
Ingrid Pitt, who in survived Nazi concentration camps and dodged East German secret police in her youth, and who went onto become an acclaimed actress appearing in films as diverse as "Where Eagles Dare" and "The House That Dripped Blood", has died. She was 73 years old.
A bell rang, loud and close by. The room seemed to tremble with the peals; vibrations through the floor made her feet itch. The alarm bell, hanging by the entrance to the Warding Hall. A Wilder was attacking the town. Pevan took another look at Van Raighan. His anxiety had vanished under a mask of calm, his narrow eyes resting gently on hers.
But the Glue Glider Pro is far more versatile than just this one cartridge - and this is another thing I love about it! Check out this list of the different types of cartridges available for it - and they all fit in this same holder!
15-If you were any particular geometric shape what would it be?
The delivery will take Etihad Cargo’s fleet to six aircraft. The airline already operates a Boeing B777F, two Airbus A330-200F, one Airbus A300-600F, and one McDonnell Douglas MD-11F.
and it would fit nicely in a corner or
There were a few quick thuds that unnaturally match my pulse, before Principal Sal came into view. His reddened eyes became large then focused.
"Yes, mama! Open the candy!" he insisted.
i started with white background, tattered angels "butterfly" glimmer screen and pink bubblegum glimmer mist. i stitched the zig zag frame with pink tread.
Almunia was drafted back into the squad when the 2010/11 season kicked off. His best performance was probably in that away victory against Blackburn. He lost his place when WBA visited the Emirates. This made AW the Alchemist give Flyin Fabbi another chance to grab the bull by its horns. Flyin Fabbi grabbed this bulls by its horns and of course….balls.
Finally, I was down to one mouse.
Whatever the truth of these claims, this is a good place to point out that, perhaps as a result of Masterman's innovation, the art galleries at the Imperial War Museum are an unexpectedly good place for lovers of 20th-century British art to visit.
I think it is fabulous, strange, and I love it.
The set also felt light for me, which is probably good… I was never bored or scratching my head during a song selection. They played most the hits from all their records and they played my favourite song “Set Fire to the Third Bar” off Eyes Open. I hit record (a little late) for this song.
I used DK/Sport weight yarn and 4mm needles to knit the smallest size and got this cutie
Mind you, these were unsolicited comments. I do tell people that I am getting divorced but I do not tell people my husband’s name or anything about him. I guess his “personality” is speaking volumes. No need for me to slam him in any way, he’s showing his colors all on his own.
Tonight, in this mixed-blood household, I'm not sure who is off skiing, or drinking and partying. But I do know that I don't want much fuss. Other years when my kids were younger I used to party hard, way hard. I would tuck in their warm bodies then drive off into the night to a party in an alpine village, hot dancing in a snow-drifted hut, a sweet boy and a drunken sled ride through empty streets; then driving away at dawn under the heave of the mountain.
Also up this week is the Quest for Something to Wear to the wedding I have coming up on Friday.
OKEY DOKEY….
I had to laugh when WillyG commented that I chose the purple to spin first! How could he tell? But that is what I did. There was only one roll of it, and it was on top, so that is what I grabbed first.
