Nothing new lately from ORTM, which is still broadcasting music videos. But Africable TV has recently come back on air, playing (guess what?) music videos!
I have been told by many people that I am a pessimist. I tend to think of myself as more of a cynic and a realist with a bent toward angry and ranting than a pessimist. I usually try to stop and think of a way out of or of "the bright side" rather than to wallow in misery or stay in a state of "doom and gloom". But why split hairs - call me whatever you want because today I am having to work really hard at not drowning myself in drink or screaming at the top of my lungs.
13.I Know What I Like 7:04
I don't know why I'm telling you all this.
He sits on the edge of the hammock, reaching under it to grab his roll of medical tape. After unwrapping the dirty bandages from his chest and lower body, he slowly starts to bind them up again. The old ones are stained near totally red with his blood, and a fresh stain starts to spread the moment he finishes wrapping the new ones around his chest, shoulders and waist. It doesn’t hurt. The medical tape administers anesthetic any time he rewraps. It’s an odd feeling. The technology is old and, at present, not something he cares to dwell on the origin of.
This is my horse for the Kentucky Derby.
Muslims around the world were supposed to love us, after that Cairo speech. And radical racist thugs like the Nation of Islam and Black Panthers were supposed to love their country, now that a black man was in office. Farrakhan even called them the "Chosen One".
Then I read translations of the Vedas by some Indian authors (Pandey etc), and got an impression that the Vedic rshis were like children asking for cows and health and victory in battle.
While sampling and shopping the market, patrons will be graced by the music of Sam and Rob Southworth from 9 to 11, and then tunes from Clinton LaPointe from 11 to 1.
This Perfect Day by Ira Levin
After interviewing leftists, liberal listeners frequently ask me why I don’t invite the best liberals on to my show.
I forgot to ask her if he came with a horse.
"The great military philosophers all agree that there is a moral component to conflict. De Jomini, Sun Tzu, Clausewitz, Lao Tzu, even Mao all agree that you must be morally right to win the fight. They go on to explain that you must also be tactically and strategically right as well. But if you lack a true moral component to why you are fighting then you run into legitimacy issues, and the bad guys start racking up points for their side.
BEGIN TRANSCRIPT
2 potatoes, skinned and cut into slices
I came up with some strawberries and a couple of eggs that I could use. The pantry had the rest of the stock for a cake. Hmm, I could bake a strawberry cake too, I thought and decided to try it.
Pakatan’s hypocrisy
Most teams now use a metal structure to provide strength inside the roll hoop; this allows teams to undercut the roll hoop for better airflow to the rear wing. Even though last year two teams followed Mercedes 2009 blade type roll hoop, for Caterham at least, this isn’t expected to return this year. Leaving the question if Force India will retain this design?
There were no fallers, although Malko de Beaumont from Alan Brown’s yard was pulled up with a serious injury. What was noticeable however were the number of unseated riders. In all but 2 races of the seven there was at least one rider who could not stay with their ride – either a poor reflection of jockeyship or perhaps the wind was stronger than originally thought! I do not pretend to be the best rider in the world, but then I do not make my living from it – and neither do I receive £140 per race to do it. National Hunt jockeys have a high degree of risk but to be unseated with so much regularity does the connections no favours and is a great disappointment when it has cost many thousands of pounds to get the horse ready to race – only to go pilot-less for a majority of the contest.
But who is angel and who is demon and will the demons succeed in murdering Allison?
Are you giving a new relationship room to grow and expand as it needs, or are you placing rigid boundaries around it that are suffocating it?
I’ve read some rotten reviews, and though I agree the director should probably stick with animated fish, the real problem with the movie isn’t the movie. Mars is as good an afternoon escape destination as any. The trouble is leaving it.
Here is another site that talks about etiquette in general. I think this site may be better, as they are referring directly to Star Wars: The Old Republic.
Title of Story
hÄnglar motif. Ballerina girl.
Taking a sneak peek
their marriage is surely blessed.
Became hooked last month. Since then, I’ve been leaping and twirling all around my apartment, wishing I were as crazy good of a dancer as Abby Lee’s girls (Chloe is my favorite). Rewatching every episode as we speak until the new season in June.
I'll leave Jack to give the blow-by-blow (except to add my admiration for the drop-dead beauty and friendliness of the Unibroue serving women and their cute as hell lace-up vests) and move on to overall impressions. There were some absolutely outstanding beers at the Mondial, Canadian, French, and the usual American suspects (the "Petit Pub" had a wide assortment of non-represented beers, including some Sly Fox that Jack was quite exercised about). I had my first Unibroue Eau Benite in way too long, and it was exquisite, as were pretty much every beer I had from Dieu du Ciel, (where Jack and I would retire for a long, very enjoyable session that evening), Ferme Brasserie Schoune (where we were led by Tony Forder to meet the brewer and Tom Peters, who was already arranging for them to do a beer dinner at Monk's), and Benelux-Brasserie.
If you haven't heard, we're having a fun time at Your Cozy Home Party each week from Monday at 8pm to Thursday 10pm EST. We'd love to have you join in with us next week! If you have any questions about the party guidelines or what topics to add, take a second to read your party invitation.
what's your favorite shoot?
really say anything about sons so we didn’t push anything. They have
Maddy's the one girl in Angel City who doesn't breathlessly follow the Angels on TV and gossip blogs. When she meets Jackson, she doesn't recognize him. But Jackson is instantly captivated by her, and against all odds the two fall in love.
The Prospect Park killings sparked an outcry from local residents, many of whom knew individual geese by name, and relished them as a rare and vital link to nature. That outcry, which has now grown into a full roar of dissent, has since exposed reports of 1,700 Canada geese killed in NYC by the Wildlife Services of USDA over the past year, with plans to wipe out roughly two-thirds of the goose population in New York State. Rally attendees, including the elected officials, are vowing to see the killings stopped.
They reached the lake and disappeared beneath its waters without a trace, leaving only the plough marks made by the oxen.
Ravioli Challenge:
a moment later he was back. "i talked to jesus for a little bit. i'm back now."
It was these two camps who fought it out during WWII, with the Communists (The Allies) winning.
Body: But I want some! Last time I promise!
All you’ve got to do is reach out and find it. Sounds easy, right? Maybe not. It takes a lot of courage to make that first stroke. One might even argue that writing those first letters, typing that first word is an act of supreme arrogance. Once you break the “Silence” of the page, there’s no going back; even if you erase or delete everything you’ve written, nothing will be the same.
A shy awkward boy should be trained
ETA: Sorry for so many photos. Trying to upload the best one but none of them look near as good once uploaded as they do in my photo editing software. This is a new problem. Yikes!
Look at that adorable bicycle parked out front (on Grove Street) and imagine all the other thoughtful, fun and darling (but not precious or self-conscious) details inside. (I won’t list them, you must go and discover them for yourself).
3/4 tsp ground ginger
One year, whilst digging around behind the shower doors, what did I find but a complete set of ‘uppers”. Did someone seriously fail to notice that their dental appliance had sprung forth from their mouth and clattered onto the concrete floor? And if they had noticed, why did they not fetch them at once and return them to their rightful place? Why the heck would leave your teeth in the shower doors…by some miracle did they abruptly grow a whole new set of teeth and the uppers were no longer a necessity? Did some would be consumer decide to test the quality of the metal on the door frame by biting it, only to be snatched up and eaten in retaliation by the shower door, which in turn regurgitated the indigestible teeth?
Instead, it is Tara, the apparently helpless, brutalised victim, who slowly gathers strength and makes an independent life for herself in the Indian capital, Delhi, watching out not just for herself but for other women in trouble. The storyline reveals not just Yashpal’s feminism – once she has a modicum of power and agency, Tara repeatedly resists any attempts to return her back to a normative world of female deference and duty – but also his emphasis on the individual’s right to dissent from the collective.
It starts this Wednesday (tomorrow) and I'm both excited and nervous about it. When I have thought about Lent in the past, the one thing that has always stood out to me is what people give up. I never understood why people would give something up.
for riding on our rivers
b) cooking my own food
Maintaining health and wellness and preventing disease are major priorities for integrative medicine.
The glorious reason why the wife and I did not sleep well on our inaugural noche is because one of our neighbors (I was never sure which one because sound waves echo and bounce around like pachinko balls with all the brick and concrete that make up the houses around here) was holding a dance party / rave / sound system demonstration that lasted until (I kid thee not) 6:00am.
height: 30.7 in (22nd percentile)
Joey puts his hat on and picks up his dog and his bat. Maybe he smells a game. I get the ball and the mitt to keep him happy. No point telling him these boys don’t play. Reckon the last time they got any exercise they were running from the cops.
And those who went through those dark and difficult times may soon be looking back to that period as “the good old days.”
Big giant thanks to Karen and Amy!!
We live for you and you alone.
Cast: Marliese Assmann (Apollonia), Eva Maria Bayerwaltes (Pauline), Helga Bender (Martina), Gabriele Blum (Lotti), Roland Bongard, Gertrud Bredel (Katharina), Marita Breuer (Maria), Willi Burger (Mathias), Juliane Damm, Doris Gistke, Peter Harting (Hermann), Otto Henn (Glockzieh), Ingo Hoffmann, Jörg Hube (Otto Wohlleben), Michael Kausch (Ernst), Karin Kienzler (Pauline), Frank Kleid, Werner Klockner, Mathias Kniesbeck (Anton), Hans Koppenhöfer, Manfred Kühn (Wirt), Stefan Kuhn, Günther Külzer, Gudrun Landgrebe (Klärchen), Arno Lang (Robert Kröber), Zarah Leander (Zarah Leander), Michael Lesch (Paul Simon), Johannes Lobewein (Wiegand), Johannes Metzdorf (Pieritz), Reinhard Mosmann, Josef Peil, Otto Prochnow, Karin Rasenack (Lucie), Markus Reiter, Jörg Richter (Hermann), Gerd Rigauer (Obergefreiter Gschrey), Rolf Roth, Dieter Schaad (Paul), Hans-Jürgen Schatz (Wilfried), Gertrud Scherer, Eva Maria Schneider (Marie-Goot), Alexander Scholz (Hänschen), Elfriede Scholz, Kurt Wagner (Karl Glasisch), Sabine Wagner (Martha), Wolfram Wagner (Maethes-Pat), Margarethe Walter, Rüdiger Weigang (Eduard), Manfred Zimmermann
Light, without it we as photographers would no be able to photograph the world around us. Yes, photography is very subjective form of art, but in a way that is good it allows us to interpret the would around us as we see it. To record the journey of life, lived at it’s fullest.
My publisher at Styxx is absolutely lovely, and full of news of her new kittens. (Photos of said kittens left me wondering how difficult it might be to get a Swedish cat into the USA.) The coffee in stockholm amazing, and I can't even talk about the cakes, soooo good.
The British Doctor and the American concert pianist hit it off pretty good, both stay a couple of extra days, and since it's 1952, you can only assume they would, as T-Rex would sing years later, "go all the way!" They even go to a local pub, where she gets to show off her vast array of "musical skills", but then suddenly she leaves his life just as fast as she entered it, because it seems she's already engaged to be married! Okay, so it's not really that exciting yet, but...
This took a while to form. I was playing with Tangie's Seaside Art Dolls and I created this particular doll. As soon as I saw her, I knew where I was going with this particular word 'kismet'.
The Paul Revolution is not over. His swarming minions shall disrupt many campaigns for election-cycles to come! (Maybe Newsmax will hire me!)
These are the light and shade of satisfying our sexual desire. To get what biology drives us towards, we must navigate the female defenses and/or know when the drawbridge is down.
A son-in-law, Mark Quinn, tells the following story about his mother:
"I can say 'bakery' and 'creamed cheese.'"
64 The Lovely Bones – Alice Sebold
One sentiment gauge for the industrial metal is indicating a truly extreme bullish condition. The Bloomberg Copper Sentiment indicator is a weekly survey of Bloomberg terminal users on whether they believe that the price of copper will fall or rise. Right now, the 4 week moving average of this sentiment indicator is as high as we’ve seen it for the past 5 years.
Currently 61% of all adults and 25% of Australian children are overweight or obese. If current trends continue it is estimated that by 2020, close to 70% of all Australian adults will be overweight or obese! While the effects of a society that is 70% overweight (think sickness, taxpayer cost, hospital burden, premature death), are astronomical, this is far more than just obesity. Depression, Cardiovascular disease, diabetes, anxiety, high cholesterol, asthma, injuries (back, neck, hip, knee, ankle), cancer, arthritis, chronic inflammation, heartburn, kidney stones, gout and high blood pressure are all chronic health complaints associated with inactivity, poor nutrition and excess weight. – Obesity Prevention Australia
The beef tartare is barely recognisable at first, hidden beneath a glossy red blanket of beetroot jelly. We find a pillow of tartare beneath the jelly - pre-mixed but seasoned well. I find the beetroot tends to overwhelm this dish with its earthiness but the grains of puffed wild rice give a pleasant textural contrast.
When my time was up I was offered a cheese scone and a cup of tea and most importantly a chance to sit down. Whilst eating I gazed outside the window onto the courtyard below. On the wall next to me I noticed a chart entitled "Window to the Stars" which listed a number of famous people who had been spotted outside the window; names as diverse as Lawrence Llewellyn Bowen and The Queen! I was told later that only people who weren't members of the Society were counted so if you spotted David Attenborough or John Craven they wouldn't be included.
2 individually
6:30 pm – 8:30 pm Banquet, President’s Address and MEA 2011 Awards Ceremony.
7.Yoga encompasses the totality of the being in mind, body, and spirit. I work in mental health, and depending on the diagnosis, I will suggest the patient incorporates yoga into their treatment plan. What are some poses that you would suggest to help people in their daily lives to bring their focus on those three facets and to also decrease symptoms that are common to depression and anxiety disorders?
I hope and pray that as i learn to lead like Jesus i learn to lead myself, and help my team carry our cause further then i ever could on my own.
It is good to be back.
So back to the drowning/soaring thing. When I’m honest with myself and honest with my art — and if you aren’t going to be honest in your art, why bother doing it — it comes from a deep-rooted fear of failure. But fear of failure is the worst, because it goes against art itself.
and an entire church congregation that does not.'
JOHANNESBURG -- The Independent Complaints Directorate's shock recommendation that police chief Jackie Selebi be prosecuted for intimidation was met with a wall of silence yesterday as officials from all sectors clammed up.
All of these factors have played a role, but there is no definitive evidence on their relative significance.
350 4. “P“Prudence and the Constitution: On the Year 2000 Presidential Election Controversy.” Ethan Fishman, ed., Tempered Strength: Studies in the Nature and Scope of Prudential Leadership (Lanham, Maryland: Lexington Books, 2002), pp. 181-218. (Sources: Items D-XI/21/2000, D-I/27/2001, D-IV/5/2002, E-X/20/2000, below.) See Item C-2002(5), below.
I have dedicated this sunset to Patrick… It reminds me of Psalm 23.
If the movie had this effect on me it must be devastating for parents. I can’t imagine what it feels like for a mother, or for anyone for that matter, to watch a psychopath in the making – all those signs, no matter what anyone does or says. It seems that it cannot be stopped. Kevin’s eyes –throughout all the different ages – creeped me out. A human being without feelings, someone who is capable of being so mean. During those two hours I caught myself holding my breath dozens of times; all that noise, all that red – it makes you uncomfortable, suffocated. You feel the mother’s desperation and fear, the father being such an idiot makes you angry. The minute I saw the little girl with a patch over her eye I knew her brother had had something to do with it – the more you see of him the more evil you expect. As the film goes one, in a non-linear way, Eva’s feelings – of course her name would have to be Eva – became my feelings, all the guilt she carries with her. The brief dialogue and the hug in the final scene felt like a punch in the stomach. I don’t like to play the gender card but in this case I strongly believe that being directed by a woman made this movie what it is – looking forward to seeing more of Lynne Ramsay’s work; to me, she deserved the nomination more than Alexander Payne or Woody Allen this year.
My choices are to carry on, or receive chemo-therapy aimed at getting the lung lesion...but, because the chemo leaves me drained of any energy I might have, it diminishes the quality of life.
Similarly, on August 14th, 1945, V-J Day (Victory in Japan) was declared in United States. This conflict saw the first—and mercifully the only use of atomic weapons in warfare.
The funny part is that Hubby’s sister has a princess ring too, only when we were talking about it at Christmas time a few years back, Hubby jumped into the conversation with a very important question: Hubby: So, you just go to the the jewelery store and tell them you want to buy a princess ring, and then they just know what a princess ring is? Me (rolling eyes): Yes, Hubby, that is EXACTLY how you do it.
For now, I’ll keep reading.
I’m stealing this from my old blog since I feel this allows you to understand me better, especially in terms of writing.
First, in many parts of the world, earning a living outside the home and caring for children aren’t mutually exclusive activities. And I’m not referring to the widespread scenario that dictates women should bring in the crops or sell the wares they make and then come home to the second shift–cooking, washing, and tending babies until they fall asleep. Rather, I’m referring to the many, many women I’ve observed in Africa, Nepal and India heading to “work” with a baby, maybe more than one, strapped to their back. Toddlers and older children are also often in the picture, trailing along behind their mother and carrying their own load into the fields or marketplace.
Don’t use a repaired tail pitch arm!
The following isn’t a “read” but it is definitely a MUST watch and a MUST listen. The good folks at HistoryMaker’s have put together another very powerful video on the need for missions. Lecrae uses a quote at the end of the video taken from the first page of John Piper’s book on missions, which says, “Missions exists because worship doesn’t.” Great video. Enjoy…
Grandma would have appreciated the tribute it was simple; loving and warm.
This idea still holds true today. We must strive to grow both mentally and physically to maintain a healthy life. Remember that personal growth can come in many forms, from trying a new dish at a restaurant, to stepping out of your comfort zone, to trying new activities like social dancing. Remember that being a perpetual student means self-discovery, wisdom, understanding, intelligence and prudence all of which relate to one’s ultimate knowledge. With so much to learn and experience, can we really afford to sit on the sidelines?
Thank you to Amanda of Amanda's Cooking , founder of Secret Recipe Club, for all of your hard work coordinating, expanding ,and supporting everyone in the Secret Recipe Club. You do an amazing job!
The Sunday Papers
This is Dolores on the slide in Carroll Park in 1941 as a 19 month old. In the background is President Street, off Smith Street. Notice the wooden slide.
I'm trying hard to find time in a day to work on some projects. I made the decision some time last year to focus on small projects in 2012. Even time to work on small projects has been elusive.
In summary then the best routine seems to be readiness and preparedness for the challenge to face you although if you have a routine for gods sake don’t change it now you never know it may be the reason for your results or luck.
Here are just some of the horrors that happen behind the mic! Which blunder is your fav?
Ah. Soon, soon.
pg 18: “Run,” came the whispered order. “Run, NOW!” Warren started to turn but his eyes fell on the sewing room at the far end of the hallway. A large area to the left of the door bulged outward, sending plaster and wallpaper snapping off in small chips to fall on the Persian rug down the center of the hallway. The bulge moved a foot, stopped. It looked like a chest, inhaling and exhaling as it moved. It came again, this time surging three feet before it stopped. Warren backed away, pushing Jessica as he went.
it also makes me want to ensure that, thanks to actually hiring editors, i significantly lessen the opportunity for anybody to ever think this about my work.
more spotty buttons...
So in short. Go read the book. Skip the movie unless you can see it for free, and then fast forward to the end, cause it’s the best part.
To be honest, I'm not much on fashion, but I still thought that was a fun touch.
Admittedly, my brewing schedule is way behind the planned brew-a-month pace. However, we do what we can, right? The latest foray was originally going to be a straight-up, American Pale Ale. Nothing over the top, just crisp and drinkable and most likely a session beer.
To my one heart guitar
- Offer to split the bill, but if he accepts my offer then he’s not a keeper.
Yours truly, onomeister, had decided this was a year not to be missed; and was I right!! With my trusty DSLR tn hand, and dressed as Super Mario, I was able to snap up some incredible photos!
Experience Passion.
To make it even more plain, do we expect folks to respect and/or like art when they have little or no previous contact with it? Do we expect it to matter to them as adults if it doesn’t already? Will they be prepared to understand it when it bumps into them in strange and even familiar places? Is the situation of ‘tryers’ something like a blind first date where your ‘date’ ends up being someone’s pet goldfish?
Now, none of the above states whether it is for girls, or boys, or both. But as you'll see, I think we can guess who gets used up by sex according to the authors. Surprise! Its the girls!:
What was once broken
And then it happened.
In "Bonding With Morry," what I mean by "this"is fiction based on thoughtful, intelligent analysis of technology that doesn't yet exist but probably will soon. In this case, robots, used (among other purposes) as devices to enable aging and increasingly feeble people to maintain an independent existence on their own.
Clinique Long Last Glosswear SPF 15 in Air Kiss
And may your song always be sung
Here is a nutritious snack for those allergic to dairy products. It is also egg free made with rolled oat, mashed banana and vegetable oil..
What is making you happy today?
Next up on Dave's list is to try to repair the dinghy. Unfortunately, what dinghy repair glue we have is toast. And we're still trying to locate the patch material onboard. We may have to wait for our shipment from NZ for dinghy repairs. But we have been loaned a dinghy for the duration, so it is not critical.
811310 Commercial & industrial machinery & equipment (except automotive & electronic) repair & maintenance
If you want to be a part of this circle, comment or email me...and I will take it from there to create our little family...and together we will create our own bliss.
“I did everything you asked. We have become beggars and still we are suffering,” Kanhar screamed. “If you are not able to save us, go away and send us someone who can!”
The North/South divide.
Growing up, I remember being one of the most optimistic people around me. I saw the good in everyone, argued for the positive side of any situation and believed good things happen to good people. In short, I thought life was fair. Maybe a bit naively, I believed if you worked hard, you would achieve your goals. Not to say I grew up worry free but I lived comfortably for most of my life. Despite immigrating to two countries and learning a new language in each, I always fit in at school and was content with my family and school life. I had the opportunity travel to many places before the age of 18 and never went without. The most traumatic thing I ever had to deal with was losing my childhood dog. In all, I had a pretty great childhood.
Actually, this literary task is too daunting without dividing this up by room. Let me make this easier for the both of us:
... eagle, majestic and proud ... deer with moist eyes ... hound tenacious, nervous ... enigmatic gray-eyed feline.
There were years when there were sooooooo many little kids with sooooooo many needs and demands that I could have SWORN they would NEVER grow up. And yet here we are. How and when did this happen?
All the times you left me fight the wind alone and stood to watch me fall
I had seen some of these images before, but without proper credit to Frances. Now they're all appropriately catalogued, thanks to years of efforts on the part of the book's author Sam Watters. They are freely online at the Library of Congress, which holds FBJ's archive, but it is much nicer to have them along with the informed discussion of the American Garden Beautiful that the book provides.
If I've left anyone out or there are errors, please drop me a line and I'll fix it right up.
Getting out of Detroit airport was a BLAST! Down the escalator to the 1st floor for baggage. Up the elevator to the 4th floor for parking/shuttles. Down a different elevator back to the 1st floor to the actual shuttles. Sign saying go to the left for Dollar car rental shuttle. That’s me! 15 minutes later…realized the sign should point to the right. Shuttle now boarded and an amazing driver who took all my luggage I was now seated nicely like a proper young lady in the back. Or I was laying down with my arms thrown off the sides and my feet on the seats in front of me. The driver and I then had a nice conversation.
It was some 20 years ago or so now. I was dating a boy in high school. He wasn't the town jock. He wasn't the smartest kid in class. He wasn't the most popular. He wasn't the biggest nerd or really much of the -est of anything. He was just an average teenage boy. We made out one night and, in 1988, that meant we were going out because those were the rules back then. A girl could make out with a guy as long as they started dating after that. If they didn't, she was a desperate slut. Weird rules but that's what they were. So I dated him.
Back to strong, savvy, hip-thrusting Latinas: Shakira’s new songs totally suck. My god. I was in my friend’s car last night listening to Power 96 and I thought, “If this had been her first song ever she’d still be a nameless bougie princess in Baranquilla,” and it made me think about her early Indy-via-Sony-Records period.
I was a bit wary of this but she said plastic was fine so I remembered a project in Craft Stamper I'd saved in my 'to do' list from the January 2011 issue and its an altered box by Hels Sheridan.
I hear this so often … and each time i hear it there is yet another type of “Two different types of people.” I hereby am flipped out.
No music anywhere
As Hubs likes to tell me, "You don't need to figure it all out tonight. Put it down tonight".
doing anything
"Think Jensen Ackles or Jared Padelecki, with a really, really, really dark tan - (yes, my hubby knows I've got a thing for the Supernatural hunks!) - well, maybe more gray and black than tan, but you get the idea."
rituals, de(relax)toxing
Here is the link to the book on Amazon.ca.
thorough. Pain
then swept him in a spinning dance.
we visited often.
The snowplow came back this afternoon and buried everything again. I didn't realize I would have to do quite this much shoveling, but I'll certainly get back in shape this way.
The night before, at 9PM, you could win one of these. To enter, tell us what's in your brew. Leave that with your contact information: a working blog or email address. Winners will be contacted by the artists once names have been drawn. If the spirits send your notification to the haunted sp*m folder or you can't be reached, another winner will be chosen. While the artists of EHAG are magical, they're not necessarily psychic.
May 5th: Upland Tapping Party
I had seen his work over the years but I recently watched a portrait of him on Greek state TV. (That is what state channels should be for: art, culture, anything that makes citizens better people).
It was a happy, communal hour, and as such provides for a very nice moment in my imaginary Unschooling Highlights film.
I'm not even saying that 40 is old (so don't hurt me, you people already older than that). It's just that there are so many things I thought I would have done by then. Made my first million, for example.
Is there a reason the seat numbers on the plane go 17, 19, 23, 15, 21, 18, 23?
Never carbonated aside from that however I can have it.
On the sofa.
The use of computers for anything except schoolwork is a privilege. The use of cell phones for anything except for emergencies and communication with parents is also a privilege. These privileges will be lost if they are used for unsafe or hurtful purposes. You expect your children to stay in charge of what they say and do, to tell you about problems, and to get your agreement in advance about any changes.
Be warned, some are quite shocking!
Oftentimes, when we are anxious to win attention, our hearer thinks, “Ah! now I am going to be told my duty. It is the man calling for that which is due to God, and I am sure I have nothing wherewith to pay. I will not be at home.” No, this book does not come to make a demand upon you, but to bring you something. We are not going to talk about law, and duty, and punishment, but about love, and goodness, and forgiveness, and mercy, and eternal life. Do not, therefore, act as if you were not at home: do not turn a deaf ear, or a careless heart. I am asking nothing of you in the name of God or man. It is not my intent to make any requirement at your hands; but I come in God’s name, to bring you a free gift, which it shall be to your present and eternal joy to receive. Open the door, and let my pleadings enter. “Come now, and let us reason together.” The Lord himself invites you to a conference concerning your immediate and endless happiness, and He would not have done this if He did not mean well toward you. Do not refuse the Lord Jesus who knocks at your door; for He knocks with a hand which was nailed to the tree for such as you are. Since His only and sole object is your good, incline your ear and come to Him. Hearken diligently, and let the good word sink into your soul. It may be that the hour is come in which you shall enter upon that new life which is the beginning of heaven. Faith cometh by hearing, and reading is a sort of hearing: faith may come to you while you are reading this book. Why not? O blessed Spirit of all grace, make it so!
What advice would you give to people wanting to pursue a career in directing?
Number of discs: 1
Male questioner: “Riddley Walker is depressing and disturbing and the end is ambiguous. Do you find it optimistic or pessimistic? How do you classify it in terms of a story?”
He tried me several days, with a gap of hours, sending SMS messages when they were not answered, trying from different mobiles but I was arrogant to react and avoided every call.
In my adolescence, I lived in Cuernavaca, Mexico for four months and, at 25, lived in Paris for 10 months. In Mexico, men hissed at me on the street and in buses, two words: juerita and fuerita: little blondie and little foreigner. My very appearance marked me as foreign with my waist-length blond hair and pale skin.
I created my own background using the sentiments that come
that I am hoping you love...
When one is going to go to a political rally, there are a few things one should remember.
In 1952 the Bobby Hackett band - from Lou Terrasi's - participated in the seven month 'Dr. Jazz' series of WMGM radio broadcasts hosted by DJ Aime Gauvin(The Doctor). These recordings have been released on 2 CD's by Storyville - Dr. Jazz, Vol. 2, No.1 and No.2 - STCD6042, STCD6050. At this time, the Hackett group only played two nights a week at Terrasi's, backing Billy Butterfield or Pee Wee Erwin the other nights.
Whole Wheat Pasta
Saturday night was the real deal. It was 10 a.m. and I was on my way to a kegs ‘n’ eggs. This is just as it sounds, people eating eggs and drinking beer from a keg. This is where I did my first ever keg stand. I lasted 22 seconds and from what I’m told, that is pretty damn good. After that it was back to funnel village and perhaps this was my downfall. After that I made my way to a party on Temple Street and for whatever reason, I was wearing a plastic bear mask and shouting, “gimme them butts,” to anyone who was willing to listen. People loved it. It will never be clear why I was shouting that but I know I’ll always remember it. After that the night turned into another blur. I know I made a trip downtown for some more drunk eats, but after that I can’t recall.
The girl breaks loose
After reading a few articles on the topic of “alertness boosting” I learned there are three easy things I can do.
Derick's cousin, who has N (see previous post), told us today that she's pregnant again. Nice. 17 weeks. At least this time she's getting prenatal care.
And that is frightening – terrifying – and right it should be.
The generosity in welcoming the group of students into his workspace speaks to Martinez Celaya’s desire to involve his practice in activities outside the strict confines of the art world. From 1994 until 2003 he taught at Claremont College in Pamona, California, and by acting as a mentor for less established artists he extends the activity of teaching to the non-academic setting of his studio.
The mind is like a bad neighborhood – you don’t want to go in there alone.
Perhaps it’s just because, with the disappearance of the Christmas Project, there’s a new and discernible gap in the list of things to occupy our minds. And perhaps the subsequent result is allowing each tiny, put-it-off-til-after-the-decorations-are-packed-away concern to gradually become a disproportionately bigger anxiety, turning the inevitable introspection of the new calendar year into a whole new excuse to analyse and reanalyse and, aw what the heck, go back and analyse some more. And so, for someone for whom self-examination is less hobby than habit, it can turn January – and its accompanying obsession with resolution-making – into the kind of contemplative catastrophe that’ll drive you sobbing into the self-help section.
Why is it that when you start trying for a baby sex becomes different? I noticed this the first night of sex when we started trying. It felt like a mission. It wasn’t just sex, it was sex with the possibility of feeling failure afterwards. It almost feels like that once you start trying for a baby all the passion and lustful sex thoughts are taken out of the equation and the only thing you can think about is, is this gonna make a baby. And maybe these feelings are just me. But I also think there is a way to fix this. I think I really just need to get out of my head, stop worrying, and just enjoy my husband.
Paul: I have support from Democrats,
Pipsqueak grinned. “It’s what we do.”
Later at his room he told me that Kashmir was the last place, which he would have guessed to be my native region. “For the first time I have seen a Kashmiri in New York,” the teacher told me. Lucky me.
"There's a pee storm raging in the upper penis...."
After filing the injunction application, the City released letters purporting to show that the three required permits were obtained on July 28, July 30 and August 5. However, they filed a report that migratory birds were still nesting on the site on August 21, thus showing that the protestors had actually saved the City from breaking the federal Migratory Birds Convention Act.
I am a grammatical hack. I love run on sentences. I think the ellipsis is an awesome super hero of punctuation. I know what a serial comma is but I think of Dexter now when I read about it. "Serial Comma Arrested in Bloody Diagram Killings." But this has been driving me batty.
Jordan got his snowboard but now is waiting for snow so he can use it. Poor kid can you belive we are missing snow(well I'm not). Brendan got his remote control boat. Sage got barbies galore. And Emmett got his Thomas James and Percy. Chris and I got an Ipad and it was nice since our lap top decided to crash the day before Christmas.
Set completion=376/1500 (25.07%)
For those of you who wants to make this, you can use a basic cheesecake recipe, add some mango pulp/puree as well as passion fruit to the batter. Adjust the amount depending on your taste. Ah.. one more item I can cross off my list now, onto the next item... :)
He definitely had the cocky "I'm cute" attitude, which is kind of hard NOT to have at age seven, but some kids try to lose it and replace it with some atrocious punk rockstar attitude, which always makes me shudder. I never would have thought that a breakdancer could pull off this cute attitude, but then again, I've never seen a seven year old breakdancer. Jalen does it beautifully.
The log-percentage scale adds clarity to the presentation of data.
If you’re just in monitoring mode, of course, you won’t start engaging; you’ll just be listening to what people say about you. You may be tempted to engage, but we recommend that you wait until you’ve listened for a while, and until you’ve got a plan for how to approach both the supporters and the detractors. Get your social computing strategy together first before engaging. It’s too risky to do otherwise.
(3 hard eukaristos)
Now, get up, preheat the oven and start baking this timeless spring dessert!
Ric’s Rating: 45%
I prefer cigarettes. and roses, an velvet. and eyes, yours i saw, as the comfort of softness
Eyes Like Leaves is high fantasy, combining Celtic and Nordic mythology, as mages in the "Green Isles" attempt to defend their land against Viking invaders and the dark presence supporting them. The book has an odd publication history. Charles de Lint wrote it in approximately 1980, before his novels began to sell. Eyes Like Leaves eventually sold to Ace Books, but de Lint and Ace decided not to publish it, focusing instead on his urban fantasies in a contemporary setting. This proved a successful strategy for de Lint's career, but resulted in Eyes Like Leaves falling by the wayside. Subterranean finally published a limited edition hardcover of the novel in 2009, which I never saw, so I decided to allow Tachyon's 2012 trade paperback edition into the Battle of the Books.
I, too, read Chaim Potok's The Chosen as a junior high student and connected in an equally unlikely way with the tale of two post-war Jews, one the son of a Zionist, the other the son of an Hasidic rabbi. The book was all about the big theological questions as applied to life and at that point, when I was trying to clarify my own religious values in and above what I had been taught, this was a thought-provoking addition to my inquiries, if also hugely - hugely - outside of my personal experience. The issue I have with Melson's including this book, however, as "one of only a handful of young adult novels that seriously addresses the religious life of teenagers" is that it was written in 1967 -- ! Much like her post title pulls from a novel published in 1970, this novel comes from a looong over era in YA lit.
To say Athee is strong-willed would be an understatement. She is driven, determined, and accustomed to getting what she wants. A pilot of exceptional quality, she also possesses mental abilities that rival Byron’s skills. Even worse, Athee is determined to figure out what makes the solitary and reclusive Cassan tick.
Which is as true as is the claim that
We first met exactly 10 years ago at a festival Chris was organising in England. We met up again the following spring and started working on songs together and just carried on from there. We did our first live gigs in summer 2002.
To the guy that says "Newcastle doesn't want the EDL".
Director: Vittorio Cottafavi
Emily has previously gained funding at Liverpool Theatre School. She started at Stage works in September 2009 on the full-time performing arts course.
It is time consuming, and efforts can be fruitless, but with patience, a few good thunderstorms and these tips you should be able to capture some lightning on camera.
Police said they believe there are several groups of suspects responsible for the burglaries, and ask residents to report any suspicious activity they observe. The majority of the residential burglaries occur during the daytime hours between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
I’ve had a few minor injuries of late (sprained knee, sprained elbow, and sprained fingers), but all of them are starting to feel a lot better; plus I got some braces for my knee and elbow, and tape for my fingers so I’m not worried about these injuries being a factor on Saturday.
Jeff Koon's Bunny Sculpture. Okay, the picture looks like WTF? Who would sculpt a bunny balloon? I did see this sculpture in person and it is amazing. It is constructed of polished steel and you can see your reflection distorted in astonishing angles. I took a group of high school students to the Baltimore Museum of Art when it was exhibited there. They were absolutely captivated!
“Then,” the interpreter adds, rather unnecessarily in my view, “they’re going to eat us.”
Then something quite dramatic happened and my musical taste changed almost overnight. I’ll never forget it. I was in what was Our Price records shop at Gatwick South Terminal. The year was 1987 and the girl in the shop, dressed entirely in black and with spiky purple hair put a cassette tape on while she was behind the counter. Suddenly this big, loud booming drum machine started playing and a thumping baseline kicked in. I was like “Oh wow! What is this?” The song I was hearing and first introduced me to a whole new darker side of music was The Sisters Of Mercy. The song was Dominion. The intro to that song blew me away and I craved more of the same. I bought the album there and then. This was the start of my gothic revolution, a darker side of me that is still very evident to this day.
Women’s History Month
Things will work out the way they are intended. I know that. It's the unknown that is troubling me today. It's the unknown that keeps me afraid of getting my heart broken. But it's also the unknown that keeps me fighting.
World's apart G and me.
Well, it's been 3 months since I last blogged. Work has been very busy as I've changed my job and I don't know what I'm doing, lol. Home is always busy and I found I wasn't doing much me crafting, so I decided to have a wee break from blogging.
Dells over all quality with this thing is dismal to put it at best. My crappy little HP that I got in 2007 runs better than this and doesn't chip away plastic every time I put it down on my desk. It's ridiculous. I'm more upset at the fact that my Desktop that I built in 2005 is still running at decent capacity with only one upgrade (The hard-drive because I messed with the original big time), yet this piece of shit that we spent good money along with the amount of time researching where to actually get this dam thing. I have the biggest regrets picking Dell, and seriously wish I could just return this stupid thing, get the full price back and build myself an awesome power house of a desktop instead. Regardless, it's going to be a while before I can even fix this. So until then I'll be stuck with this pumpkin screen until I can magically come up with the money to buy my new one. Shit sucks.
Some years ago, when Mendy Lou looked into the Michael material, the Messages from Michael stuff, I mean, not anything to do with the archangel, her feeling was that Michael was this sort of entity. Not that he was unreal, but that he was a kind of secondary creation, not an original creation of God or nature. That the collective human mind caused him to exist and to speak to us. I find much of the Michael teachings to be bizarre and at odds with what nearly every other source has to say, so I prefer to think that he is not a true authority and is somehow a lower degree of “real.” But what do I know. He does have a lot of followers, and many aspects of his messages seem useful and practical.
That’s your prompt: whatever game you’re playing, create a boss for that game. Tell us everything you can about the boss (we want to be ready when we fight him!).
Up the lane at the side of our house and just past the kitchen window was a gate into an enclosed yard. It was enclosed for a very good purpose. In the yard was the entrance to the three Police cells. They were right across the concrete yard opposite our back door. To the right of our back door was a wall with a gateway into the yard of the police constable’s house next door. From their yard was a small enclosed yard with high walls for exercising prisoners not that there were many. I wasn’t allowed to see them. It has been said that a daughter of the builder a few doors up the street once climbed across roofs to look into the yard but I doubt whether she saw a prisoner. One prisoner of ill repute by the name of Pilbeam who my father had arrested for breaking into a shop, Denny’s, in the High Street. Another prisoner was a German from a wartime Dornier bomber which had crashed at Starston. The pilot went down with his plane and initially was buried at buried at Starston church until after the war when his remains went to Germany. It was expected of the constable’s wife or my mother to provide meals for the prisoners.
Amanda:"His teeth are all over the place!"
* “This Love” – Video
The holiday times are upon us once more, and that means it's time to crank up the old family traditions. You know, those things that you don't really want to do, but you do them anyway because you'd feel guilty if you didn't do them? Right. Those things. The holidays are steeped in them.
Other people I know talk about their children ALL THE TIME. Yes, they're the pride and joy and sometimes heartache of their parents' lives, but ALL THE TIME...? C'mon, does nothing else define you as a person besides motherhood?
Some of you might recall my very long commute to the university. I drive a total of one hundred and eighty miles each day.
My fastest lap of Spa was still one minute of pole in 2010 and I’ve proved I’m no racecar driver, but the simulator provide enough of an experience to get some feel for real F1 car.
It was my fault, I should have noticed that something was wrong when several days ago she told me she got an offer from Bernstein. Bernstein was a new fashionable and trendy indie filmmaker popular among those hipster kids who thought they knew all about art just because they were attending art school classes wearing torn trousers bought for a higher price than good Levi’s jeans. I don’t even know why the style was still called indie, as it was almost as much popular as East 17 in early nineties.
What's so impactful about this experience for me is that there is no heaviness there. There is no sorrow. I am not weighted by what I'm seeing, hearing, and feeling from others. I am empowered by it. I am motivated. I am inspired to action.
I’m gonna get myself a better way
I will review these two items in detail, but it might be a while. For the base coat, I want to wait till the peeling parts are gone to test and compare it with other base coats I have tried before. For the Oenobiol supplement, I want to at least wait till I’m done (I still have about 66 days left). Maybe even longer, if I want to see how long the effects last!
See how there are light wave shapes alternated with dark wave shapes? I've decided to connect with my inner Angela Walters (yeah, right!!) and quilt the light ones with a feathery type motif and the dark ones with a flowery design. I quilted my first light one, and then unpicked most of it (I forgot to take photos) because I didn't think ahead at all, and it looked awful. The next go was slightly better - not perfect, but I'm pretty happy with it considering I've never done feathers before. It's a bit hard to see the stitching cos I'm using Aurifil 50wt cream thread and it's disappearing into the quilt beautifully. I'm hoping it will mostly be the texture rather than visible quilting.
Track 1 – 9 – each subpage will be dedicated to a specific song and with a picture and/or video, summary of the song and song lyrics. Internal links will be used in the summary of the song to reference another song and the external links will be used to direct a viewer to hear or read about a song that was sampled.
Well what about them?
The article points out that whilst knitting in the round is nothing new, the transition from doing so on double pointed needles to circular needles is a relatively new development. Reviewing evidence from US patents, the first flexible cable with fixed needles at each end appears to have been patented by Frank Sessions in 1917. Thereafter followed various developments in the construction of cables and affixing the tips to the cables.
20 Gretchen Van W Santa Monica, CA 14:21.4 44:36.26
5.) I want to go to Australia before I die!
However, in the last decade and a half the riches under the ground, particularly coal, iron, and aluminum, have drawn the attention of global capital and the region is now buzzing with mining companies, security forces to clear the way for them, and international NGOs. Multinationals such as Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton, South Korea’s POSCO, the Indian-owned Essar, and many more are all there seeking their share of the spoils.
Anyway, this is a pretty short post but I’ll slowly get back into the swing of typing for longer amounts of time. There isn’t much else to say in this space – at least, there isn’t much else that I can think of at the moment seeing as I just got home and I’m pretty tired and lemonade-flavored Kool-Aid isn’t the best energy drink in the world. I hope I can actually be, you know, INTERESTING for once, not to mention consistent (and participate in blogging fidelity). So I guess that’s all.
Off the plot I’ve joined Hugh FW’s Fish Fight campaign – what a crazy policy we have were good fish get thrown back into the sea dead because the fishermen are not allowed to land them. Surely there’s a more common sense approach?
The situation in Birmingham is the same in immigrant areas all over the country. In Edmonton north London on Thursday 25th of August a police van was petrol bombed for no reason. (5)
By the time I came back inside, my child had ripped the curtains down off the wall and was screaming about how I don't care about him and he knows I would rather spend all of my time with my boyfriend and he kicked me when I tried to get close to him and he turned the lights on and off and on and off and refused to talk to me.. and I thought "well, when you are yelling and kicking me, you are right, I don't want to spend time with you... but I didn't stay it. I tried to pull out all of my therapeutic parenting tips but he just kept escalating-- because my boyfriend helped take out the garbage.
1.) At Brodhead’s request, Trask replied to faculty assertions that the lacrosse players had an excessive amount of problems. The executive vice president said that, based on inquiries into the matter he had conducted the previous summer, he had not seen anything in the lacrosse team’s university discipline records that didn’t seem to have been dealt with appropriately or that required further intervention on the administration’s part. (He reportedly prefaced his remarks by saying that he reached this conclusion “as much as I would have liked to have found something,” suggesting that Trask was not a figure who would sugarcoat data in the lacrosse players’ favor.) Since the players tended to do things in a group, he explained, if one was found with an open container, several others would be cited for the same offense.
suspect of being present in the country illegally. Racial profiling of
Another large twister, possibly an EF-4 tornado, reportedly destroyed about 90% of the town Hackleburg, in Alabama’s Marion County.
you must receive Him for who he truly is
In addition each year Peter Roberts commissions local artists and sculptors to add works of art to the setting - many of these are for sale.
Here is an example where I used the technique. This image was taken on a very sunny day. I found an area of soft light and set my shutter speed to 1/250th, my speedlight was in manual and set to 1/4 power, and I started the aperture at around f6.3. I checked the display screen on the back of my camera and adjusted the aperture as necessary. A point of note, and you will see this in the linked tutorial, when taking your picture ALWAYS hold the camer as you would be taking a portrait in its vertical position.
Muddle chopped lime in glass (I'm guessing that squeezing lime into the glass will suffice for those without 'muddlers'!), pour vodka, cranberry juice and lime juice into glass. Top with crushed ice and orange zest.
As always you may find my soap at my website or Etsy shop
This Pritzker Prize-winning architect, born in Newark, New Jersey, landed "the commission of the century" designing the Getty Center in Los Angeles. His distinct style of uncompromising minimalism enhances the cityscape from Atlanta to Barcelona to Rome. His maternal grandfather Joseph Kaltenbacher, cofounder of Seton Leather in Newark,
If Gliese 581g has a rocky composition similar to Earth's, its diameter would be about 1.2 to 1.4 times that of the Earth, the researchers said. The surface gravity would be about the same or slightly higher than Earth's, so that a person could easily walk upright on the planet, Mr Vogt said.
Today's challenge at Fab'n'Funky challenges is celebrating maleness and we are being sponsored by the fab Crimson cloud
Finnikin was only a child during the five days of the unspeakable, when the royal family of Lumatere were brutally murdered, and an imposter seized the throne. Now a curse binds all who remain inside Lumatere’s walls, and those who escaped roam the surrounding lands as exiles, persecuted and despairing, dying by the thousands in fever camps. In a narrative crackling with the tension of an imminent storm, Finnikin, now on the cusp of manhood, is compelled to join forces with an arrogant and enigmatic young novice named Evanjalin, who claims that her dark dreams will lead the exiles to a surviving royal child and a way to pierce the cursed barrier and regain the land of Lumatere. But Evanjalin’s unpredictable behavior suggests that she is not what she seems — and the startling truth will test Finnikin’s faith not only in her, but in all he knows to be true about himself and his destiny.
So where are we today? Well, New Zealand has restored knighthoods, Australia has surrendered the idea of holding another referendum for another generation and Canada is officially re-emphasising its monarchy for the first time since the 1950s. And while Her Majesty has been scandalously reduced to a subsovereign of a massive unelected bureaucracy and a presidential-style super-republic, thanks to the Treaty of Lisbon, the debate in Britain has finally turned Shakespearian: to be or not to be, that is now mercifully the question.
So last night I came across Radiolab:
“I haven’t ever,” April begins again, “had such nice clothes and things. And I for sure haven’t ever been so clean.”
The SAIRR said if the police were truly shocked, then it suggested that "the police’s senior management is out of touch with the reality of life on the ground for people in areas such as Gugulethu who have been left to run the gauntlet of violent crime on a horrific scale".
Writing this blog has been a wonderful, creative experience for me. I’ve met amazing people, people who have bona fide writing talent, and who’ve been generous in sharing their passions. Every single person who has left their heartprint here at Ain’t Life Strange in the form of comments has done so with either humour, caring, curiosity, or sometimes all three! One thing for sure is that your comments, dear Reader, have always been positive and genuine. And to you, dear Reader, who flew in under the radar, I appreciate your visits and felt your support, even if you shied away from leaving your heartprint for all the blogworld to see.
be on good terms with all persons.
Paper: Eggplant, White 110# CS for Base, Whisper White, DSP,
But there are also occasions when things go horribly wrong. This is a post on the potential for misunderstanding, not just in art, but as the very real consequence of being human. This is a post about the fundamental difference between expression and communication, and how we sometimes confuse the two. And its a real question for me as a potter: Just what am I trying to express, and what exactly is being understood by the public? Is it ever a straightforward simple transaction of meaning and intent?
I recently met up with my friend Eric at Perch Pub. Part of the reason I wanted to go to Perch was because I'd finally get to try Cafe Royale from Williamsburg Alewerks. The other part being that their half price happy hour is a really good deal. When we got there around 5:30, the bar was pretty busy but after our first drink two seats opened up in front of us. Pretty convenient. The rest of the place wasn't too crowded, though, so if you're looking for a table instead of chilling at the bar, it's a good choice for happy hour.
‘I’m upset and feel really down. Why me? I don’t know why they chose me.’
Last Christmas, his uncle was raving about the fruity flavor of a certain expensive wine, the name of which I do not recall. Sean and I refused to try a sip despite the accolade but Ryan insisted he wanted to try it. His uncle let him. Ryan took a big gulp expecting something delicious since the grown ups were praising it so. His face turned bright red, his mouth puckered up and he spit the wine out into his sister’s bowl of pasta with a look of utter disgust and horror at the foul-tasting drink. Then he started to cry. He had never tasted anything so distasteful in his life!
E. Lockhart’s Blog Includes a great video of E. reading from Real Live Boyfriends + pictures and other fun links and stuff.
and there are only the memories of the stories they lived
The USA is morphing into an Authoritarian Police State or Fascist Dictatorship at warp speed. The news cycle in recent weeks has been clogged with stories about the expanding use of surveillance drones in the skies of the USA. Here's but one example of many such:
Sean woke up from nap and Maddy and daycare baby (10 months) were still asleep. I went to check on them and Sean asks me "Are the kids still asleep?"
I wonder how everyone is going to feel in a year when many new nurses never work in nursing because they couldn't get jobs...then they'll be shrieking about a shortage all over again.
Zoe has been working hard to wean off of the oxygen canula, but just couldn't kick it completely. Until last night, she had been flirting with 50-30 cc's of O2 and anytime we tried to knock it down to 20, her sats would drop. When I fell asleep last night, she was set at 50 cc's. When I got up with her at 3am, I checked her oxygen my jaw dropped when I saw that her oxygen was completely turned off. On top of that, her O2 sats were in the low 80's! I was amazed! It was like she just all of a sudden decided to fly solo and did just that.
Newt Exhibit C: Wife #3, still healthy and Tiffany’s diamond-wearing, and do not tell me he’s not panting after other women because he’s, like, grown a conscience. Getouttahere! He’s 68 years old. He’s kept on a tight rein by Callista, who is as Machiavellian as he. He’s pretending to be a man who retains it is his trousers.
We reconnected this summer when she came to our Gochiso Food Is Art dinner event, and have been getting together to talk food and drink ever since. I’ve even seen her on the job (she’s a freelance restaurant consultant), but I hadn’t sat down with her to talk about her background until just the other day.
With that happy thought, I'll leave you with some flower photography from today. I stopped being lazy for a minute and got out my nifty fifty lens for the occasion.
Or had he discovered depth’s altitude.
Satay
The Fireside
Your mobile phones these firms help practically each of the popular new music models like MP3, MPEG4, 3gp and so on. Bb maps will be the a different attribute which is unique within the BlackBerry handsets. This particular element means that you can understand the electronic maps connected with several areas. GPS support is actually obtainable of these gadgets in order to identify different areas and the landmarks in the territory. Many on the LG mobile phones likewise have GPS facility.
And I will NEVER forget my son coming out of the room with tears of joy streaming down his face
In fact, the only other thing I will do for now is post my review I had for StrictlySplatter.com's Movie Meatloaf compilation. Other than that, I think now is a good time to take a break, just kick back and see what is going on around me.
So, is it a useful book to read? Yes, and no. For me, it was heartbreaking to read how she struggled for many years with depression, wild manic episodes and multiple suicide threats and attempts. But it was also reassuring in that as bad as it had been for her, now that she had a diagnosis and a treatment plan, life could go on in a more or less normal fashion. Originally written in 1992, the chapters on the illness itself were interesting, but now, in 2011, I found much of the information to be outdated, and I found myself skimming those chapters.
But there is a new element this time. People in Albuquerque have reported, based on information from their relatives still in Mexico, that the members of the New Mexico Senate have been threatened by the Mexican cartels and told not to allow the repeal bill to pass. I haven't seen a confirmation of this yet, but it's certainly plausible  particularly in view of the confirmed cartel activity here. Whether this specific element of information is confirmed or not, there are clearly connections among New Mexico driver's licenses, Mexican drug cartels, and their activities in New Mexico  and elsewhere around the United States.
All your comments, here in the following post that you put up, are just part and particle of your (Joan) mindset and has absolutely NO reality as to what is actually going on in MY LIFE. Joan you are just grasping at straws, doing only what you are capable of doing, falsely believing that everyone thinks and acts as yourself, because that is how you are MADE. But, you see, I am NOT YOU and therefore I DON’T THINK nor ACT like you. It really doesn’t matter what YOU think and how and what kind of EVIDENCE you want to present to the world….it HAS already been posted on our blogs..so what are you trying to prove? If we wanted to hide what we did we wouldn’t have put it on our blog…Fool.
Lord, You know my heart
Today, I learned something. I learned that my 3 year old (as of tomorrow, anyway) is braver than me. Like, waaaaaay braver. I broke down yesterday (pregnant and hormonal + your baby being in the hospital for an unplanned surgery on his birthday = emotional mess). I didn't want to. I tried to control it, but I couldn't. I sobbed into my hands that covered my face so Nate wouldn't see me. But he knew. He wheeled his little chair up to me and said, "Mommy, you sneezed?" Broke my heart. I realized something then-that I need to be stronger for him. If he can handle it all so well, why can't I? I can't even handle getting a cavity filled. Seriously. I can't imagine what kind of wreck I would be if Nate didn't handle hospitals and doctors and nurses so well. I think him being so brave actually has helped me get through these times more easily. And for that I am very lucky.
I think of the house on the hill as my personal paradise and was perfectly happy without electric and water to the house as Dod is parked right down the hill. With Francisco's help we are adding water and electric service to the house.
They later told police they agreed ahead of time: leave no witnesses.
Article 26
Also in the pipeline for this unit are some bomb squigs and a boy with a Tankhamma. I simply can not say no to a weapon so undeniably brutal. I've gone with a slightly different approach though, as the simple "Rokkit on a Stick" seemed a bit too disposable. I went with an actual hammer design, that uses the rokkit as an impact charge to bring the hurt.
I ended up with a grade F for my French GCSE and the whole episode has left me with a total distrust of grubby, waif-like, sexy gallic women. Audrey Tatou? Phwoor but non! She would date you, make mad passionate love to you but then go on to mentally screwing you up for her own perverse amusement. Embittered? Moi? Non, je ne regrette rien.
Mutterers speak of the disgrace of the look she is donning
Arsenal struck back through Walcott shortly before the break with our best attack of the half. Twenty minutes into the second half, as Arsenal began to look comfortable, QPR grabbed a goal from nowhere – an unfortunate slip by Vermaelen let in Mackie down the right who squared for Diakité to score.
I was 13, a big boy.
When I wake the rain’s falling
1 TL Salz
If I receive one more message of sympathy from a well wisher, I might well give in to temptation and dismantle a certain French super-mini and reassemble it into a robot that will do much more than shift its hips in a funky dance. This one will mete out destruction on a grand scale; which, when you think it about it, is pretty much what it has already done in the Hamstead Heath region of North London this week.
This idea can seem a little farfetch (I'm not even sure if I have the idea explained correctly), feel free to do your best to disprove it as it seems more likely to disprove than prove (Hey, Jim I attached this here rope to my waist, I'mma hop on through the 6th dimension. If I'm yankin' on the rope it means pull me out cause this reality if infested with dinosaurs.) But it certainly a distinct way of viewing everything.
It's the same story every time I'm in a Fuller's pub: I have whatever's on draught, but there's always a selection of those beautifully-shaped Fuller's bottles staring at me from the fridge. I've (almost) never resorted to buying one, however, partly because bottled beer is poor value in the pub and partly because I've heard they're not very good. Yes, Jack Frost, I mean you.
with our treasure:
Curators start out by showing how they like, but then the year ends and they are in a situation. If a dealer shows 10-12 artists they like in a year and it is all a disaster, they can just close the gallery. Or if they are successful, they can show the artists again.
And also, the winning site will be the topic of the special video documentary that will be posted on Leejaedi’s Official YouTube entitled “____________ IS THE BEST BIG BANG FANSITE 2009″ by the end of January.**
We now have "global" CMOs in New York deciding what advertising will run in Argentina. We have global creative directors in London "adapting" campaigns for Korea.
"Why don't you leave him alone!" Annie shouted, walking over next to me.
Styling - Danielle Nachmani
‘he stays where he is, paralyzed, Or rather, inert. Lacking courage in his floating world.’
The warning came as the two Middle East leaders met in Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh to discuss the stalled peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians.
For that flavour of exoticism, History that comes alive and a chance to admire some of the most beautiful faces of all kinds of people in the world – Jordan , a magic carpet ride through time is a MUST-SEE!
You should have seen the look on his face when I told him I could make a family lasagna using only 500grams of mince! That’s because I bulk it up with heaps of veggies!!
Publisher: Bloomsbury USA
2 tablespoons of brown sugar
Here started the preparation of slab top, a 66″ of walnut slab planed to be miter joined to the legs, which is a real challenge for me as to how shall I come up with a structurally sound joint.
Instead, it focuses on the money that Goldman made - "unfairly," - from the housing market collapse:
- In a small bowl, whisk together egg yolk and cream; set egg wash aside. Divide the bluberry/lemon filling equally among the pastry squares, placing it in the center. Brush the edges with egg wash. Fold dough diagonally over filling to form a triangle, and press to seal. If desired, crimp the edges using the floured tines of a fork. Place filled turnovers on a baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and freeze until firm, 20 to 30 minutes.
We went to dinner at one of his favorite restaurants, La Paulista, and then had chocolate cake and ice cream.
Soap ( Normal &Travel Size)
Again, I highly recommend reading this article, especially since most of the people who we seek advice from about graduate school tend to err on the positive side of things. In terms of the article, that graduate students are a source of cheap labor becomes apparent in the first semesters of graduate school. I must have taught smallish sections of undergraduates for 10 semesters during my graduate years (e.g., grading exams, serving as a liason between students and professors). Graduate students do this work to cover tuition costs and for a small stipend. I could have used a little extra money during graduate school.
I know that people not sending a card may be hurtful as well, but how hard is it to write a note? I understand that people don't know what to say but.... I get that, but it doesn't make it any easier. Celebrating the holidays is tricky when you have another little person (my son) to participate with. We still put up a tree and listen to music, decorate and buy presents...but this is done without the merriment that should be going on in our home. Having another child does not give you the option to just check out.
The tree was stamped by inking up the 'leaves' with Crushed Olive (TH) and the trunk with Memento Rich Cocoa.
Every night Conor wakes from a nightmare he can't bear to finish. A monster in the shape of Yew tree holds no terrors for him worse than the fears he is living with day to day. His mother's treatment (understood to be chemotherapy) is not working, his dad lives in America with his new wife and baby, his grandmother is someone he just can't get on with. At the back of everything is the horror of what Conor can't let himself think about.
Here is what you need to do to be in the drawing for these SIX prizes: Hop to each blog listed below, leaving a comment for each designer Return here to this post and let us know you completed the hop and left comments for each designer, or make note of any you could not comment on In this same comment, answer the question on the ODBD Blog
Turnips
44. ?
And frankly, I don't blame him. That would be quite disturbing to wake up on cold hardwood in a confined space in the dark... and not even in the room you are used to. Bless his wee heart.
I’m so ashamed. I just went to McDonald’s. I haven’t been in probably about four years—my last recollection was stopping at one with Aim as we were driving home, hung-over, from some Babson reunion. I think I just got fries—I can’t even remember the last time I had anything else there.
Sir Ralph the Rover tore his hair,
The rules were simple. A person would have to chose one of those topics and answer the questions or perform the action that the group came up with.
d) 16
Here are a few scriptures that show us howintimacy allows us to connect with the
Now a replacement of scents to fill those afternoons of rain and grey.
Ten years ago one of my dearest friends was murdered with brutal circumstances.
I think she might have a knack for this color thing!
But then one day, their blissful existence of driving holidays in the USA and Beverly Hills 90210 came to an abrupt end. Tearfully on the stairs after realising something was going on with her, she confessed to me that yes, her and flatmate had been an item since university, but now flatmate had pursued and caught a friend of theirs and it was all over. Yes, she admitted, she was gay.
- can quarterly recline seat
So, have some fun, but be quick, the shop will be bare in no time.**
“So, we have found that working with them, when we try to get out our material through organisations, say, such as The Guardian, or the New York Times, or the BBC, that these organisations self-censor in a tremendously frequent manner and in a way which is against their stated values. It is not just against our values.”
Not only so, but my friends evidently embody such traits as: song; earth-digger; grace; pure; pure; pure; Christian; Christian; honey/dark/we were never quite sure; reborn; powerful leader; little king; princess; reaper; commander of armies. …there are, you may deduce, a number of Katherines.
A dress that zips up the back will bring a husband and wife together.
Me: Um, feminists can like cooking.
entered emergency just behind me said she was miscarrying. Poor woman.
Tell your friends to visit Nader.Org and sign up for E-Alerts.
After the bombshell, DNA testing was ordered by a court. Mr Lloyd Jones said : 'He’s clearly been through a great deal including dealing with a very serious false allegation made by this defendant to the police.'
Cougars seem to be attracted to children, possibly because their high-pitched voices, small size, and erratic movements make it difficult for cougars to identify them as human and not as prey.
Christians must come to the conclusion that government is more like depravity management than it is the direct arbiter of God’s divine justice. Governmental attempts at justice will reflect our inherent personal desire to see rights and wrongs acknowledged and will hopefully display the importance God places on human responsibility to uphold moral principles and the rule of law. But at best, it can only restrain sin. It cannot stop it and it cannot cure it. We are broken and desperately need fixing. As J. Budziszewski puts it in his book, The Revenge of Conscience, “Not only are we broken, but we can’t repair ourselves.” Government and its laws do not offer any hope of a remedy for the problem. That’s where Jesus comes in. He says a lot about sin, but by his mercy and his grace and with his death, he conquers it. He does address the reality of our brokenness and He is the only one capable of correcting our deformities. That is a task too great for any government to accomplish.
What do you think? Vote and let me know if you think a few of my shoes should come out of hiding!
same set of Stickerz from EAD called 'Believe in Make Believe'
Like your Father’s up above;
A GREAT passion of mine has always been the martial arts and traditions of Europe, from Greek ‘all in fighting’ (called Pankration), to the sword fighting of the Renaissance and the Age of Enlightenment. In fact, thinking back to my childhood, like most kids I had a phase of sword fighting with my brother and friends that started early. But, unlike most kids, I never really stopped; I’ve just got more sophisticated. Once I would swing wildly with a plastic lightsaber, now I practice and research the arts of sabre, rapier and medieval warsword. So when considering what to write for a blog dedicated to 18th century living, it didn’t take any time or reflection to realise that for me it had to be about the martial traditions of that period.
Her father, George Anthony, meanwhile, showed no visible reaction from his seat in the back of the courtroom.
still holding the last light.
Margaret Anne Doody is the English influential voice who vigorously claimed Jane Austen could not be the author (Nineteenth Century Fiction 38:2 (Sept 1983):220-04. Perhaps because it irritates her. Like other more radical readers (those who want to find the transgressive & romantic Jane), Doody prefers the Italian plot (Clementina della Poretta, her brother Jeronimo) and this Italian matter is omitted altogether. This is a paradox as Doody just loves Austen’s Juvenilia.
By Michelle Jones
“Any argument by the ANC that this song is merely a preservation of struggle literature rings hollow in the face of farming families who have lost wives, mothers and grandmothers,” he added.
blog reviews:1
The new hyperscale HP business unit is intended to pool resources in a federated environment to reduce space requirements, handle management complexities and ultimately use less energy. The unit includesConverged Infrastructure as is its foundation, along the technology program and energy management architecture HP Data Center Smart Grid, as well as the recently announced HP Ecopad, facilities to maximize data center density.
I miss those days when I was more involved with collaborative projects. That group was the best. They made me try harder. I went through a lot of self exploration on those pages. It was frustrating because for some odd reason I thought I had to make art in the style of the artist who I was working on. Once I gained a little more self confidence in my own style and realized that they want MY art and not a reproductions of their own, something clicked with me that still remains an important lesson.
So much onfo to take in and so much to do in the coming months, it's all so very exciting :D
To be a child of God is the greatest blessing we can know.
House of Five Leaves has its warm and humorous moments and each of the characters are actually intriguing despite the fact that the series reveals very little about them. Still, what we do learn about Ume, Matsu and Otake make them all the more likeable in the long run. It’s also great to see that the series managed to capture the visual presence that Natsume Ono brought to her manga. Her art is rather crude at times but that’s what makes it different and different can be a very good thing.
Saturday's long run was the fastest pace I have ever run 18miles. Thanks to Angie for keeping me going the last 1-1.5 miles when I was ready to stop. My legs were actually ok, but I was tired. I NEED to start getting more sleep! Who do I talk to about adding more hours to the day?! We had an overall average of 10:07mm for the whole run which is giving me hope that maybe, just maybe I will be able to make my time goal for the marathon!
Ian McEwan’s Atonement
It also made me wonder how I would answer that question. If someone asked me, “Who are your people?” my answer wouldn’t connect the dots the way it did in this small southern town. My people come from all over. They believe in different things, they lead different lives. I don’t even get to see some of my people in person.
We are all susceptible to this joy-killing familiarity with the world. Tolkien describes it as a man locking his beautiful possessions into a cupboard. A man who hoards in this way still possesses his treasures, but he can no longer enjoy them (Tolkien, “On Fairy Stories”). In similar fashion, the more familiar we become with the people and things in this world, the more we tend to grow numb to the depths of meaning they possess. Unless we intentionally fight against this process, we will mentally lock up the wonders that we daily encounter; therefore, we will no longer delight in their beauty.
What’s wrong with this ad? It’s kind of like those “Highlights” for kids what’s wrong with this picture search! Unfortunately this is a pretty standard singles women seeking women ad. I like to scroll through these once in a while just as a social experiment and entertainment. Occasionally there may be a good heartfelt post but seeing as this is a free site you never know what you are going to read. Enjoy this sample and let me know what you think is wrong with this post. I have a number of comments of my own but I want to see what you like or what bothers you about it and I will also share my comments.
While he is forceful with the owners and staff of the failing restaurants, he is rarely demeaning to them, and never foul mouthed. He's much more entertaining, his show more realistic -- except for the cliche of made-up pressure concerning deadlines -- and you don't feel as if you need a shower when you're finished watching an episode.
Crush the garlic and mix with the lemons zest, salt and pepper and a tabls. of olive oil.
You see long before blogging was the thing to do, I had a website that covered all the things I was involved in. It had poetry, astrology, paintings, digital images, things I made, writing about my thoughts on things, and even music! So, to get a readership and to be able to post a link to my site on other places, web directories etc. I had to choose a category. Hmmm, what category would it be under?!
Ten months ago this special man introduced himself to me. At the time he was training to become a Fireman. He used to write me about what training they were doing and I used to love hearing about it as I could tell from his messages that he had a real passion for what he was doing and proud of what he was about to become – a Fireman.
That's right. 8- 16 oz conainers and 2- 24 oz containers. (Only 1 container of light sour cream). If we ate Mexican food every night, this might make sense; we don't. K eats sour cream with Tostitos. I bake a certain chocolate cake with sour cream. One chicken recipe I make once a month uses sour cream.
Artemisia tridentata var. tridentata (Basin Big Sagebrush)
House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Peter King, R-New York, submitted 50 questions to Sullivan, while House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa and Rep. Elijah Cummings, the panel’s ranking Democrat, have 10 questions they want answered, including a precise time line of exactly what happened in Cartagena.
Riley also received rave review from both of his preschool teachers. They had a portfolio of his work to show me what he has been working on this fall. I'm impressed! I knew that he was making big progress lately with his numbers and letters but I didn't understand just how much. They had two separate worksheets to evaluate where he was with number and letter recognition. The numbers and letters were scattered over their individual page in no order and Riley was asked to identify each number or letter. He was only able to identify the number 1, but he identified 8 letters plus 3 others that were a close mistake such a Y for V. Apparently my expectations have been too low! We talk about the letters in his name a lot but I didn't realize he was picking up so many other letters at school. Time for mom and dad to raise the bar again. He has a little friend Howwi that he likes to play with and gives hugs to. The kids love him and keep an eye out for him but don't baby him. He loves school and guess what.....I love his school too!
Let's be clear on some elements. I know that Mr Tolkien is dead. However, for the sake of this poll, please feel free to include series that can't be written if you want, it's just for fun. Also, I know the The Wheel of Time is not finished yet. Even though it's hard to tell right now if the ending will block all possibility of a follow-up let's assume that it doesn't. Moreover, some people speculated that a trilogy about the fight for Mat and Tuon for the throne of the Seanchan would be interesting. Sanderson said that if it sees the light of day eventually it would be from his own hands. I think that the chances are slim... Maybe we will see Harry Potter as an adult before that...
The poison ivy saga continues. Lorelei and William are covered in it. I now have patches all over my body, doubtless from clingy Lorelei’s little hands since there is no way the actual ivy touched me in most of these spots!
Not burning my lap - priceless or approximately $10 (compared to $25 - $30)
It was clear from the start, it was Marshall’s day. He hauled in a deflected, go-ahead 47-yard TD pass from Andy Dalton, while on his back, to give the AFC a 38-35 lead late in the third quarter. It was Marshall’s third TD catch of the game, tying Jimmy Smith’s Pro Bowl record set in 2004.
Pukey and Smelly hid their surprise and acted as if it was the only logic that made sense.
Update: Again: luck. My stomach is squishy, but size-wise it's almost back to where it was before, and the stretch marks barely show.
Anti-Aging Serum & Anti-Aging Oil - I put these on before bed. They have a nice herbal scent. A little goes a loooooong way too, so your 15ml bottle will last a long time.
DDDB pointed out that "the PACB still has not received a full accounting of the true public cost of the project or a realistic projection of the project’s new net revenue for the city and state," as well as details about enforceability of the affordable housing agreement.
Finally I introduced Quinn the Questioning Porcupine. I couldn't find an animal that began with "Q" so I went with a porcupine since it has Quills. They couldn't wait to meet the last friend! The anticipation was killing them! We did the same thing as we did with the first 3 friends: introductions, passing around... Quinn is there to help us ask who, what, where, when, why questions while reading and finding the answers.
Becoming a hollywood producer...
The female officer then approached my vehicle and we had brief conversation about the merits of the vehicle I was driving. Clearly from her demeanor and words I drew the conclusion that the FHP did not view this as a serious situation and this was confirmed by Trooper Howard a few minutes later who gave me a warning instead of a citation for the traffic stop. He cited my superior driving record as the authority.
Having welcomed his prodigal son home, the father now takes an unkinder cut from his firstborn, which is worse than the younger son’s because it’s given in public. The family would have been expected to greet the guests from the village; for the firstborn to refuse is for him to publicly disown the family.
Thank you for viewing my project today. I hope I have inspired you to try this cartridge and make your own bouquet for fall...
These are some of the petunias that my kids bought me for Mother's Day. The other green plants that are growing in there with them are zinnia sprouts that I am growing from seeds. I cannot wait to watch them bloom! I anticipate that it will happen in the next couple of weeks, so I'll be sure to get pictures of them.
Embraced By God
As disgruntled voters, we can hold out in hope that once all the s**t stirring, frog jumping and trimming of fat is done; the real lean muscle (can I call it the phat?) are the ones left over to continue for the next GE.
Melissa Ahern (7-730)
DAVIDSON INSTITUTE. This organization's eNews-Update for March is out, with information about the Intel Science Talent Search, the Khan Academy, NSGT scholarships for gifted students, and more. Find the newsletter.
5. It's Been Too Long
There’s history: my father
-Homemade
"Hey K!!! You've been awfully quiet the whole week," Carlo texted me.
As a cost-cutting measure, Duffer was filmed silent, with dialogue added later during post-production. Despins, who was familiar with this approach having read about the Italian cinema's customary practise of dubbing all sound later, embraced the challenge. The dubbed dialogue was improvised from the cast's memory of the scene being shot, without even a guide recording or written notes: “There was nothing written down. If Bill and Kit were together in a shot, then you knew basically the philosophy of what they were saying; they'd be talking about what they were doing: ‘Duffer, I'm going to give you some apricots to eat,’ or whatever. So when it came to me laying down the sound they would say something just a bit like that.”
A transfer into a suitable vessel would instantly raise this beer's appeal to it's rightful level.
MF: Juan Mata (Chelsea) – Were it not for Demba Ba, this guy would probably have been the signing of the off-season. In an up-and-down season for the West Londoners, Mata has been the most consistent high-level performer for Chelsea this season.
The second rating has to do with your experience/evidence of the gift. Rate your experience with or evidence of the gift.
Please keep the prayers coming..he is not out of the woods.
The wily wench has been testing me for the last couple of days, though. She stays quiet until I come to the computer. She makes me sit here sometimes, pushing. She carries me to the brink of my time limitations, then she spews.
‘Whatever brain-money you get on my account from Murray, pray remit me. I will never consent to pay away what I earn. That is mine, and what I get by my brains I shall spend on my b***cks ...’
8. Do you want to play spin the bottle? Come on! +
Courtesans, both ladies and gentlemen were eager to improve the quality of their works, reading and writing Tanka contests were held. It became evident, there was a need to create a body of esteemed works to which one could refer (and seek inspiration) hence the emperors decreed a collection of anthologies commence around 700 AD
Yes, I was quite surprised, too; but stranger things have happened to me.
There are many more favorite old shots – but these were the ones I stumbled upon early. Hope you enjoyed!
It's in league with the mirror
Lia's Guide To Winning The Lottery is the new novel from Keren David, about a 16 yr old who wins 8 million pounds with her very first lottery ticket! It's a bit of a change from your previous stories, When I Was Joe and Almost True, which deal with knife crime and witness protection so what sparked the idea for this book?
This race is usually cold and rainy, so we were surprised to be blessed with perfect weather. 60's and partly sunny, with a nice breeze coming over the Ohio River.
Loveliest of trees, the cherry now
A baby who is born rich must do good in his life, so he can prove that he deserves the fortune he had received.
Tickets were $35 – $140, and they sold out in one day! I got the $80 price range so I could at least see their faces (lol).
The problem with ‘pizza night’ being on Fridays is that I work until late & so the baton is passed to my wife for the evening. And although making pizza is relatively easy, it does take a bit of forward thinking. For starters the dough needs to left to rise for an hour before being manipulated into the required shape then topped. Not hard just time consuming.
Hugs! Happy Ranting;)
As an internet user, I’m concerned about my freedom to access everything I want whenever I want. Trust me, Chinese network is way more locked down than any Sopist or Actist countries. But this is for other reasons which I won’t mention here. Bottom-line is, I don’t support the control and general lock-down of the only way humans have to really share something together, no matter color race or country. But humans tend to exaggerate everything, to overreact to any situation. I don’t understand how a tourist who take a picture of his girlfriend in front of a monument could be sued because he failed to notice the commercial poster for Whats-the-Name brand sitting in the back, which is so copyrighted and protected that this poor tourist will be banned from accessing certain website or use his internet or might even risk jail time, and his family will never be able to watch his holiday pictures. You think it’s exaggerated and this is not what SOPA/ACTA is all about? Well, I might be mistaken, but if you read through the lines, this is what it is. A total and permanent state of war where everyone will be able to attack or limit another’s freedom simply on a conundrum of accusation. Well, not everyone. Only those with money. Yeah, I know, I’m talking about money again. But in the end, this is all humans care about. If we were to respect each others for the simple sake of respecting and loving each others and thinking further than national debt and the price of a cinema ticket, we wouldn’t need SOPA/ACTA. But, as I told you before, I’m a fool. I’m a dreamer.
Carrie was born in Michigan and Henry was born in Canada. The Beamer farm is still up and running in Ontario near the New York border! Henry immigrated between 1860 and 1870 and became involved in the iron business in Michigan along with his brothers.
After thinking about this for a while, I came up with these suggestions to help beat the stress of feeling like you just can't do everything and make everyone happy.
a renunciation promise that verges on madness?
but with all of these distractions it’s so easy to get caught up in what other people are doing. it’s so easy to start listening to the noise. and when you are listening to the noise, it’s so hard to hear the whisper. his whisper.
Or at least a list of those who I disallow from becoming recipients, no matter how hard they beg and plead. Where were they when I needed help with that down payment?
It turns out that Teddy is actually a patient at the asylum, who the doctors and the entire staff of the asylum are manipulating in an elaborate roleplay for him to accept reality. Teddy, traumatized by World War II when he helped liberate a concentration camp in Dachau, also happened to be married to a mentally unstable woman, Dolores (played by Michelle Williams), who snapped and drowned their three children one day. He actually was a federal marshal, but is still pretending to be one in an attempt to find his wife's murderer. But Teddy is the one who killed Dolores right after discovering what she did.
Hi Readers — Our definition of a good parent these days seems to be one who sees every incident as upsetting — possibly even devastating — to his/her child, and is eager to tell the press about it. Latest case in point? This story, from the Chicago Sun-Times, about a 6-year-old who told his mom he got “locked in jail” on a field trip. The mom sounds livid.
is an expose by a black preacher of the obamas. He says Michelle was forced to give up her license
On the other hand, at least Blair Walsh nailed his opening field goal attempt, which is more than you can say for his Gamecock counterpart.
In order to provide a large quantity of high quality mobile phones to different consumer groups at reasonable price, TECNO Telecom has invested a lot in deeply understanding the consumer behaviors as well as user habits in Nigeria. With its six series of handsets, TECNO is able to cover the market with all levels of spending capability. As a result of this, within just three years its products have become a household name in Nigeria, Gabriel Nwabueze, the marketing manager, told National Standard.
After a long day on rotations, I want to come home to something that doesn't repulse me. Yes...my master makes me ickie inside. I feel like I need to attach a key to a hubcap to perfect the ambiance I have going on there.
for harry potter, in 3D.
9/13/2008 - Music Millennium - 4:30 PM
And for anyone writing fantasy for kids, I would like to recommend:
He stepped out into crisp November air. The ground crunched beneath his feet as tired leaves crumbled beneath his strides as he made his way to the train station, guided by the eerie glow of worn out street lamps. He rubbed his hands together, cursing himself for forgetting his gloves the morning when he set off.
The helmet and the helmet-feather
A: In my head. Journals and I just don't work.
We left the stoop that night feeling very depressed, but still held out some hope that Freddy was full of shit.
Assemble the earrings. Attach the charms to the jump rings to make a chain. Attach the ear wires to the top charm.
We’ll be talking about one of my favorite places: the Japan pavilion in Epcot’s World Showcase – and let’s start by going back a few weeks when some walls actually came down…
1977--The Clash
Adult Language
I do have much to be thankful for, I know that. And I have much to grieve - the life of my daughter and all the plans I had for that.
So I hit GW and found a cream cable knit sweater that would be perfect. I'd won a bunch of styrofoam back in July from the DIY club contest. If you've never entered, you SHOULD. Amazing, amazing prizes! Anyhoo...
Mini fashion shows with no audience
4. Are you afraid death? Why or why not? Nope. I am afraid of dying in great pain or alone but being dead will probably be no different than what it was like for me before I had consciousness so I don’t see what’s to be afraid of.
Thus both are compatible, but used under different situations and conditions. Both As-Sadi and Ibn Zaid have stated:
I found a paper that had several different colors of dots on it, and some of them matched perfectly with the flowers I had! Love it when things just work out like this! I backed the whole layout in a bright yellow paper, and before I adhered the yellow to the paper I cut a circle out of the center to use for the sentiment. I tend to do this a lot . . . cut or punch a shape out of the center of the backing paper . . . once you put the dot paper on top you don't see all of the images I cut out of the background piece!
Oh, and PS, Men? If you are going to rag on your woman for doing this? (And to be clear, I do NOT refer to 20 tons of top soil in the driveway.) Perhaps you need to re-evaluate your priorities…ESPECIALLY if you have been together more than a year or two. Does she care for your children? Does she help pay the bills? Hell, does she PAY the bills, balance the checkbook, cook the meals, work a forty or more hour week in or out of the home? Does she make sure your socks are clean, that you make it to your doctor’s appointments? And you love her for all that she does for you, yes? Then if your woman is going to be healthier and happier for doing an elective surgery to make her more comfortable? Just be glad THAT is what is happening and not some more DEADLY alternative that requires a complete and total removal of her breasts, ok? Just sayin’.
something to be whacked at
“If I must be condemned so that Celestium can survive the coming darkness, so be it.”
This year we thought we would try to step it up a little bit.
I also don't know why I'm being a real Misery Bear in pictures these days. It's just so hard to get used to the self-timer again, and to run around my neighborhood looking like a loon in heels. But the light disappears early now (it was gone by four thirty today!) so I've got to buck up and figure it all out again!
So simple, so quick, so nutritious & so delicious!
That’s It! Creative Services is proud to announce our FREE LOGO contest! We will design a professional logo for the small business of your choice at no charge. Certainly you know a small business that deserves to win a FREE LOGO right?
“Uh, yeah, the eagle landed, alright.”
I'm just a quiet, Philly girl transplanted in suburb-a-rural Pennsylvania. I chuckle (okay, snort actually) that this week's festivities included a networking social, a women's ministry leadership meeting, and a Rotary Club dinner. And did I mention I'm on the cover of Chester County's Women's Journal? Who says God doesn't have a sense of humor!
Please leave me some Crafty Love
1 small pie pumpkin (about 2 pounds)
2. Having thoroughly prepared the floor and allowed it to completely dry, you are now ready for stage 2 PROTECTION.
Why is it that most of the great artists--writers, painters, mucisians--lived pretty destitute lives while the mediocre thrived? Am I right in that, or am I misinformed? I don't want to ramble on. I just want to know what other people think. I love to read the blogs of the optimists. It actually makes me feel better to read them. But why am I not able to become an optimist? It just isn't me. I've tried. I've read The Power of Positive Thinking. I've read many books on self-improvement, from Depak Chopra to Wayne Dyer. I've studied Hinduism, which seems to be the source of positive thinking, and some of its off-shoots, some of the positive-thinking religions. Nothing works. I am what I am. I keep seeing the negative side.
Sony & Cher I got you babe US
While we were visiting my brother, I got a phone call from Chatty Patty. She asked me if I wanted to go to the dollar store with her. Besides the fact that I was in another fucking state, the answer would have still been no. I have learned my lesson about going out in public with that psycho, and it amazes me each time she asks me, because ever since the shoe incident, the answer has consistently been NO every single time.
The news comes as a relief for fans of the Wildcats, who — despite the occasional head scratching turnovers by Rodriguez — grew to become excited about the potential of the Puerto Rico native.
Anyway, here's how my workdesk looked today.
Best place to find Black Train is on one of the two Buffalo Bop CD's, Rockabilly Rock or Choo Choo Bop.
A Bright Empire Novel #1
Technique - bookmark
Old Waterstone's is as dead as a doornail.
For week 2, I wrote my notes using crayon (because I'm 6 years old, apparently). UNFORTUNATELY, they were Rose Art, and everyone knows that Rose Art crayons are the WORST (not even sure how they got into my house, to be honest). But I hope you can look past the crappy choice of crayon brand and enjoy the lists anyway!
Agent Phil Coulson: Here’s the deal guys. Most people expected that Joss would kill Coulson in this movie. He likes to kill people, he likes what development it gives other characters, he especially likes if they are fan favorites because of how it personally touches the audience. He actually didn’t make the executive decision to kill Coulson, that was from someone else, but he decided to write it in a way that made this character integral to what happens later on. He is the inspirational point for the Avengers to start acting like they should be. He is also a man who believed in these people. He was their fan. They were his heroes. He cared about them, he had faith that they could save everyone, and he went out in a serious badass way. He touched everyone’s lives a little. There’s controversy because the fans were all saying “he’s totally going to die” to Joss in all the interviews. Eventually Joss swore that he didn’t die. Now fans feel lied to. Yeah, he lied to you guys. He lied because he couldn’t exactly go YES YOU ARE RIGHT. COULSON IS GOING TO DIE. That scene needed to work, and even if he didn’t answer the question, ignoring it basically implied that they were all true. It would have taken away from the moment, so if he had to lie in order to get us to be heartbroken in that scene, I’m going to accept it. Because he serves the story and that is what the story needed.
“EIGHT POINT SEVEN FIVE YEARS, ADEQUATE TO REACH AN INHABITED SECTOR.”
That was slightly below the average analyst expectation of $3.58 billion.
WE’LL CHEER YO OUT TO VICTORY
Jessica also mentions that the PFDC store is now open in Pakistan, where the designers can rent space and those who sell, stay. So the fashion show is also about business now. The PFDC store is a one stop shop for those who are shopping for weddings, events, gift exchanges or whatever. A chance to pick the style they like best from a range so vast you literally need breaks in between (I say that because I have visited the store myself and my arms were pretty tired after the first few rails and I had to sit for a while before carrying on with my dress search). Also, this is perfect for all the mothers who spend too much petrol on shaadi shoppings going to every designer in every nook. Let’s hope the store keeps offering us the best of bests forever.
09-15 Wantagh, NY – Nikon at Jones Beach Theater #
Some of you may not have been acquainted with the yellow, hairy member of our family. No, not the husband. Our yellow Labrador, Simba.
I have taken a test:
Mr Karim said he saw the videos and heard some teachings, calling them "half way to jihad". He claimed the imam wanted Muslims from other sects killed.
Infinite Jones is an outstanding recording from two outstanding musicians, John Lee and Gerry Brown. They have totally absorbed the various vocabularies of every musical idiom of the day and added their own fiercely creative energies to that knowledge. This album will prove that beyond doubt.
But because life is beautiful, and because life is hard, you do what James and I are doing in that precious, "imperfect" picture: You smile through it. You keep trying. You hold your head up. You keep smiling.
I'd like to thank Ed and Linda for dreaming up the Sunday Stills blog,and weekly challenge- it has helped me tremendously in my photography.
To borrow Grantland Network’s Andy Greenwald and Chris Ryan’s idea of nostalgia in reference to the 2pac holograms and our desires for 90s rap, nostalgia eating is to eat that which we “already know.” By “already know,” Greenwald and Ryan describe our desire for the familiar. For us late twenties and thirty-somethings, we only want to hear the “old stuff,” Greenwald and Ryan argue, because of our ability to participate in the show and what it does for us as consumers than the actual artist, hologram or not. One of the few places in Ann Arbor that doesn’t have a yelp review above 3 stars, a pretty amazing feat for a college town where taste cultures revolve around the tastebuds of 18-22 year olds after a long night of drinking, Happys Pizza has the same affect for me.
Take a spin through these contributions Paul has taken over the years as formally listed by the Federal Elections Commission here.
John P Brown
A HUGE THANK YOU to all who donated online, purchased items at the auction, and a special thanks to our Aussie celebrity attendees for the personal contributions they made on The First Wire’s behalf. We are so happy for your willingness to open your hearts, wallets, and minds to the needs of the world. We really are one community and we are so happy you think so as well. The First Wire’s message of telling everyone’s story is truly building a unique and vibrant community of readers and game-changers. Thank you.
No doubt Tory statements that they intend to abolish collective bargaining in the NHS and education will also win her admiration. The National Front may well invite him to address some of their rallies.
Then, mostly by chance, I came upon Patricia A. Leslie’s novel, The Ballad of Young Tam Lin, which, despite its prohibitive (to me) 460 pages, has a beautifully designed cover, and an interesting blurb on the back suggesting mysterious doings between our mortal world and Summerland. So I began reading with no background in the myth, mystique, and lore of faeries and elves.
Put these and 1.5 tablespoons of the Earl Grey tea into a small pot and add about 1 cup of water. Bring to simmer and turn off heat, add some milk and let steep until cool. You’ll only be using a 1/2 cup of this so you can drink the rest at this point–I say this because hopefully you like this kind of tea (otherwise not sure why you are making these cupcakes….).
And the band have just announced today that they will also make stops in D.C., Pittsburgh and Columbus. Please see below for latest confirmed itinerary.
* Coping with Chloe deals imaginatively yet sensitively with themes of grief, loss, and depression. How much did the qualifications mentioned above help, and influence, the book?
‘This is fruitless.’
3 1/2 cups chicken or vegetable broth
She also had Mom have me walk across the floor. The vet was very encouraged by my walk. She said it wasn’t looking like I was so much walking on my haunches anymore but was really trying to use my legs. Mom told her that I’ve been trying to jump much more, and actively getting off the ground from time to time. I’ve jumped up into the tube in my cat perch, and have tried jumping up on the couch and onto the bed. Almost made it onto the couch last night! And, this is what I did just about an hour ago:
Thanks for stopping by & have a great weekend, friends!
To get a move, to Milan he’ll go
It looks to me like all we have is what we've been working with so far: dissemination of information about the hostility of the Amendment and it's proponents towards the citizens of North Carolina, the right to vote the bastards out of office for trying to push their agenda of hate discrimination, and the chance to pursue justice through the federal courts.
"The only thing necessary for evil to prevail is for good men to do nothing."
The effect of this on even fairly apolitical children like myself was enormous. I remember being told precisely one Irish folk tale during my entire schooling - that of Finn MacCool and the Giantʼs Causeway - and a couple of fairly innocuous folk songs managed to sneak their way into music lessons, but really that was about it. Any attempt beyond that to connect us with the folklore and traditions of Ireland would have been seen, in my home town at least, as tantamount to encouraging us to don balaclavas and bomb innocent people out of house and home.
duh...
Melbourne Storm taking on the Newcastle Knights at Olympic Park and
Regardless of when this resurgence of green and spring is for you, it is an excellent time to take a look around your streets and your town and to really think about them. Think about street that you like. Have you thought about why you like it? Could you describe it to someone? I’d bet that there are specific aspects of the street that help to shape why you like it over another.
The cover of this issue is about the Tsunami of change that is sweeping the Arab world. With the removal of the despots, the ummah will speak its voice, and when it does, it will chant: Here we start and in al-Aqsa we’ll meet.
2010.08.05 Yemen Abyan 3 1 al-Qaeda terrorists ambush and kill three members of a patrol.
The May 2 raid and the Arab Spring – which saw the removal of Middle Eastern despots in Libya, Egypt, Yemen and Tunisia – were “obituary moments” for an al-Qa’ida whose influence had long since abated, he says.
The white fabric is three yards of white cotton denim-weight twill. I've been wanting white jeans for ages, even though I'm a bit of a slob. There's something about winter white I love. It lights up my life and whatever happened to Debbie Boone?
For the hop today, I've created....
“You’ll sleep better, write better and feel better Shaun. You’ll function better and be calmer. You’ll remember all the things we talked about today in the best and most positive of ways. You continue to feel a sense of peace and harmony inside. Some of the pieces of you have been scared and in hiding for a long time. Take care of the child Shaun. Protect him and nurture him. Love him. Begin to love yourself Shaun and you’ll be able to love the people around you better. You’ll feel better and your mind will be crystal clear. Whenever you feel anxiety creep into your life, take a deep breath, suck in the oxygen (Mind/body) and as you exhale, say RE-LAX. You’ll be able to keep control of yourself and your emotions. Mind/body harmony Shaun.”
and Danny, though RAF, actually a Pole
Flower - Prima Marketing Inc.
"There certainly are very difficult dancers. I am talking about those bailaores who try to twist the cante in the direction they want. They expect you to put cortes where there aren't any, or even add whole measures. As a result, the cante itself degenerates. Many dancers influence the cante this way, the reason being that often "bailaores" are really "bailarines" and don't know the cante. They tell you "sing a taranto" and if you sing them a taranto or a murciano, they won't notice the diffference. They are in reality mathematicians: they only care about the measures. While you are singing, they are just counting."
Sorry that I wasted your time “Ron”. While I may be old enough to be your mother, I’m far from stupid. I recognize that we are missing out on human contact with all of these expensive gadgets. I’m both old enough and yet, young enough to realize that human contact is still the best thing in the world for us. And, I’m sticking to that idea.
Yes I know, Stampin' Up! have the MOST perfect stamp set for Christenings - 'My Special Day', which my lovely downline Tracy had offered me the use of - but I'd said no because I was going to use my printer. So in the end.......
Reading about how he writes the outlines and gives it to other authors to flesh out reminds me of the Stratemeyer Syndicate. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stratemeyer_Syndicate Edward Stratemeyer would be considered the first book series packager. I was devastated as a child to realize my beloved Laura Lee Hope - author of the Bobbysey Twins series - did not exist. Don't go to the wikipedia site if you are worried about having childhood delight in Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew series. At least Patterson is giving his co-authors credit, even putting their names on the books. That was/is not the way many packagers do things. There are ghost writers who don't get the credit they should such as the authors who fleshed out Ann Martin's Babysitter Club titles.
‘Listen, I go to this thing on Wednesday nights. It’s like a Bible study – no, listen, it’s cool. The people are actually really cool.’ (27)
As Alex's World of Food expands with me, we have agreed upon a code of conversation. I want to uphold and honor his food needs, while opening his culinary world; He wants to trust me to feed him without judgment and open his culinary world in a gentle fashion. We now view offers of new foods as "Challenges" - there is no attachment to the outcome of said challenges, I think of it as Strewing Food and this is the term he chose to use. So many examples of his courageous acceptance of challenges this summer! To his rotation he has added: Newman O's (mint and chocolate!!), 2 flavors of Dutch Cheese, Coconut Bliss, stevia sweetened koolaid things, Cheddar Cheese Popcorn, Trader Joe's Goodies ... And Today.... Tortellini! The Magic works something like this:
Leauxra loves writing about herself in the third person, because she didn't already feel like a self-aggrandizing douche-bag writing her self-evaluation.
After the water has the taste strength you like, strain out the apple peels. (Make sure you do this over another large pot to collect the water.)
Ventured in good hope. Our Father's vacancy
The rescue gets personal win the Soviets slaughter a camp of Afghan rebels will a helicopter that Rambo manages to take down unbelievably with a bow and arrow. What follows is two--count ’em, two--assaults on a prison fortress, an exciting battle sequence in dark, underground caves, and a take duel before it is all over and Rambo and Trautman can ride of into the peaceful local of beautiful…Pakistan.
”Ugh!” he shudders. ”Cats are the devil incarnate. Feline ﬁends, Moggy Murderers, Catty ....”.
Primary and Secondary Distance Education: Expanding the knowledge base in the schools sector.
East Harlem Neighborhood Center
Serve.
Hope you all had a lovely Christmas, as we did. It went far too quickly and we ate too much, as usual. I will not make another New Years Resolution to lose weight, as I did last year, as I will probably not live up to it, just as I didn't last time.
by Laura
Stop what you're doing. Go to our website. Are you there? Good. Now click on "For the body" and you'll see the above picture. Use the drop-down menu to pick your favorite scent and order it. I promise, you won't be disappointed.
Ironically - it's the first match that ended without me bleeding from somewhere above the neck in a long time. I've got a nice gash on my lip...wasn't sure where the blood was coming from as it was dripping on the mat. Nothing terrible, tho....
The discount code cannot be used for the Grand Sample Pack as the sample pack already offers free shipping.
ATOS exists in order that David Cameron and his rich conservative chums can proove that their policy of pushing Survivors to the margins of society making us ready scapegoats for benefit reforms and austerity cuts. believing us to be easy soft targets. Ripe for the picking.
What I am desperate to work on next is my actual delivery. I did really well for about the first half of my sermon then began to get a little nervous and anxious, and also lost the train of the sermon as I was being more conversational etc. John Phelps, an older man with a lot of experience in giving sermons, gave me the good advice of learn the beginning and the end, which will allow me to capture and then drive home. I think this is a good tip, and will try to employ it for the next sermon on Sunday; which will be my first Easter!
Some mommies knows instinctively how much to feed their babies.
When it was introduced to the American South, fried chicken became a common staple. Later, as the slave trade led to Africans being brought to work on southern plantations, the slaves who became cooks incorporated seasonings and spices that were absent in traditional Scottish cuisine, enriching the flavor. Since most slaves were unable to raise expensive meats, but generally allowed to keep chickens, frying chicken on special occasions continued in the African American communities of the South. It endured the fall of slavery and gradually passed into common use as a general Southern dish. Since fried chicken traveled well in hot weather before refrigeration was commonplace, it gained further favor in the periods of American history when segregation closed off most restaurants to the black population. Fried chicken continues to be among this region’s top choices for “Sunday dinner” among both blacks and whites. Holidays such as Independence Day and other gatherings often feature this dish.
My confusion turned to anger. I stayed angry for a long, long time. Decades, in fact. Then, in His mercy, the Lord broke my heart, and I turned to Him.
Pours a deep copper with a great tan head that gets pillowy and almost never recedes. Strong bread smell, but I smell what's probably going to be some fairly strong (and bitter) hops.
The inaugural Eugene Beer Week was anchored by the 9th annual Sasquatch Brew Fest in Eugene, OR this past weekend. I got an early start and will fill in the details of Eugene Beer Week as they become available but I would like to give this incredible fest it's fair due first. We began the trek from our motel to the Hilton, passing through the famed Saturday Market consisting of handmade crafts and many talented individuals. The Farmer's Market located across the street presented bounties of the spring along with many wonderful aromas. I picked up some dried Cherry Bomb and Smoked Habanero peppers from Crossroads Farms to turn my chili up a notch.
So the Democrats got more than a strict split-the-difference deal, though only because they’d already followed the Obama administration’s lead in letting states trigger off while their unemployment rates remain abnormally high.
A mathematician.
Jessica Gonacha Ooohh... that's a hard one. I want to try everything! I think I might choose sculpture with found objects. I'm always so intrigued by work that looks like the pieces were found in junk yards and back alleys. IT seems like it would there would e an element of treasure hunting to make work that way!
Despite the obvious problems, there are nevertheless huge opportunities for law firms and new entrants alike to take advantage of a fragmented and incoherent service sector. It is a time when the fast will overtake the slow. New entrants have the advantage of being able to start with a blank piece of paper to construct structure systems and brand and they come to the sector with possibly deep investment pockets to kickstart their operations. But they have no clients, no reputation and no people. Innovative and assertive law firms on the other hand have the huge advantage of an existing client base and established teams of people. A good place to start is to try to gain some degree of honest self-appraisal and if any of the delusions and fallacies which I have listed affect your firm, to ensure those delusions are analysed and debunked where necessary. Part of the strategic planning process always involves then a thorough appraisal and assessment of the strategic options and choices which the firm can make to gain a decent competitive position. These options fall into three distinctive areas.
I finally began to refute (and disprove) people with nauseating sayings like, “You can do anything you set your mind to”. Well thats not true. Ive set my mind to many things this year and not achieved them, and Ive not achieved them NOT because I failed, but because I chose to bail before I could even flounder. Im a bit of a abandon-the-ship-when-it-has-a-leak-but-isnt-neccesarily-sinking kind of gal.
2 character
mor_trisha To map out engagement, start with 1) What pain points are we trying to improve? and 2) What actions are people already doing?
Warm milk, garlic, and rosemary in a saucepan, but do not bring to boil.
Another thing that I'm loving about today is that we have no real plans for this weekend. I don't even have loads of housework to do because I gave the house a good cleaning last weekend. There is always laundry and grocery shopping to do, but I can handle that.
The Rolling Stones
Cinco de Mayo was my last official workout of my P90X, and as happy as I should be with my results, I am slightly disappointed in myself. I know I could have went a little harder, and I could have been a bit more strict on my dieting. I think my phase 2 – Phase 3 transition got the best of me being on the road and all. Not an excuse, but it was tough to go hard on make-shift workout environment. Once again, it’s not an excuse, just what I observed when I look back at my time during the workout.
after an author friend reminded me
I added extra reflection on his nose and the flower with a dab of Copic Opaque White.
“Welcome to your new home.”
do, the prize gets better..
delicious, make that, hash browns
Captain Beefheart tried. That's right. The guy who would rename his bandmembers things like "Neon Squid James" and "Corky Thatcher" tried to sell out. He didn't give a shit what you thought. He was gonna hit it big if it killed him. So he made "Bluejeans and Moonbeams," an album that exactly one (1) person (deaf chick in Iowa) liked and which is easily far more reviled than his knottiest album, which was of course "Trout Mask Dinner" and came with a side of big-eyed beans and a note from Lester Bangs excusing you from gym so you could go smoke schwag under the bleachers. And even unto the end of his musical career he was flabbergasted that it didn't work. He spent the rest of his career desperately trying to sell out. He went on Saturday Night Live and performed "Ashtray Heart" and the crowd loved it. Sell out achieved? Nope. Fuck critical acclaim, he used to tell me over blintzes at the Mojave kosher deli we used to frequent. Fuck critical acclaim, I just want to hear that coyote do a u-turn on my mother. I took that to mean that he was speaking allegorically again and I nodded and smiled and ate another Quaalude. It was the early 80's. People did that shit.
Dark brown and opaque. Seriously strong tan head. Nice chocolate and malt on the nose as I wait for the head to die down. I'm doing the "Guiness" pour, where you pour harshly, let the head settle, and pour again. Not getting much in the "smoke" department on the flavor. Just smooth not overly harsh roasted malt. I get a bit of grittiness left on the tongue with a medium hop bitterness on the aftertaste. I really like the way the hops blends well with this one for a good balance. I was hoping for something "bigger" from Stone, but I guess expectations can do that to you. I've only had a couple slugs, so let me blog about some other beers I had last night while this one warms up. It's still cold from the fridge you see.
Shep Rogers stepped up to the mike with a pretty cheap, beat looking guitar that might have been missing a string or two.
Application was great, and although my nail line was slightly visible after two coats I thought the color was bright enough and looked good. Three coats would no doubt be enough to hide the nail line. Here’s Elke without a top coat in indirect outdoor light:
3. They complain that “we” are broke.
The real story of rocky is not the upcoming boxing match, but the developing love story between Rocky and Adrian, (Talia Shire) a pet store clerk and Pauly’s sister. Adrian, like Rocky, is not glamorous or even removed from the streets. Rocky’s wooing of her is so real, it makes the movie. Hollywood has not been able to pull off a romance quite like that since, in my humble opinion.
Best Friend
We hear and obey, our Lord.
TA-DAH!
In fact we have been so busy I really did not get into a festive mood until this last week (and still I'm struggling a bit). I am literally counting down the days until Christmas, but not because of anticipation of presents. Rather because it will be a time to relax, put all other "to-do" lists out of my head and spend quality time with family. It's the present buying, greedy side of Christmas that has me the least in the mood...and it is the same for everyone I have discuss this topic with.
For instance, in Brazil faster drivers are instructed to pass on left while slower drivers remain on the right. In the U. S. those instructions are the same, but most often you’ll find some slow guy in the fast lane clogging up traffic. Here that is a rare case, because your partners on the road won’t stand for it. Everyone is forced to share the same level of skill and acquire a similar amount of awareness.
3 tbsp chopped cilantro
I love the way Tracy has added the text with alternating bits of back and white pen, and the checkered stripes at the border and above and below "Winter Wonderland" tie in with the black and white of the character images.
in deals below the threshold. In Target accounts the ISE collaborates with the field AE/ TSE and
#1 and #3 were so giddy about going to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
I so wish I had kept a little black book of all the treasures I had bought over the years...
DISCLAIMER: Nothing here should be taken as personal advice, financial or otherwise. No liability is accepted for third-party content, whether incorporated in or linked to this blog.
· Exclusivity to Scrap That! Product manufacturer sites are fine, but we must be the only online store/kit club that you design for.
Assertions of landowners’ property rights were frequently invoked, in both the South and across the country, as environmental disputes arose as political issues in the 1970s through the ‘90s. Typically these rights were components in arguments against the protection of the threatened resource. This seemed perfectly natural; in a state like Georgia, the invocation of property rights has long been politically powerful, even incantatory, and the opponents of harmful environmental activities immediately recognized a political need to devise ways to confront or deflect these arguments.
You Talking to Me?: Mike Lippert's blog is one of the few "serious" film criticism outlets I read on a regular basis. Good, interesting, weighty stuff on films and the craft of film criticism. Also, read one of Mike's reviews. Then read one of mine. The difference between a critic and a reviewer will be obvious.
Some would say the fact it is also April Fool's Day could not be more appropriate, but there's no need for us to dwell on that.
Princes casually kiss my hand
First, as a result of the summer earthquake, the dedication was postponed from August until October. And, as soon as the monument was revealed to the public, criticism poured in. For me, the first problem was aesthetic: It was not that the image of Rev. King emerging from the rock was too gray, stern or forbidding, as some critics said. (That’s just philistinism.) Rather: the whole thing just seemed too cautious and tame. First, it just isn’t very well done. Second, and more important: Is there really a point to a conventional, representational portrait sculpture in an age in which the most powerful (and eventually popular) monuments: the Vietnam Memorial, the new 9-11 memorial site, and the Berlin Monument to the Murdered Jews of Europe draw upon a more modern language of abstraction? The King monument, its very real appeals notwithstanding, could fit perfectly well in a neo-Stalinist sculpture garden or political cemetery. (Philosopher Cornel West went even further, though in a very different direction, declaring that King would have wanted a “revolution,” not a monument.)
I hardly ever watch a movie on DVD or on television. I like to go to theaters to see movies. I associate that with one of the things that got me through my childhood – and I had a good childhood, but still we all have our anxieties. I would go to a movie after school and just get lost in it. And that’s still the way I like to watch them now. So I don’t have movies that I watch over and over again because I don’t have that pattern of watching them on a DVD. 8 1/2 is probably my all-time favorite movie. And a movie I almost always go back to see is Truffaut’s Jules and Jim. I love Gone with the Wind – and I love Orson Welles’ movies and Hitchcock. I just saw Winter’s Bone, which came out a couple of months ago. That’s phenomenal – it’s a wonderful movie. And one called I Am Love – that’s wonderful, too.
Quote: “Do you want to change your name to Homer Junior? The kids can call you Ho-Ju!
And the darkness re-enters our souls.
The plot is simple but gives the play room to move. Three sisters (Kerith Manderson-Galvin, Tegan Crowley, Lucy Moir) fight with hidden demons that gradually emerge as they battle through an intense heat. It sees them desperately trying to conserve water by wearing fly-fishing pants to save their sweat. Forced to flee their home after this intense, unexplained heat whips through their world, the sisters wait out the future amid sugarcane fields. While Lamb daydreams and whimsically rearranges their situation into something feasible, Freddie continuously makes plans in her automated ‘responsible’ mode, and Freda lounges in a chair she managed to save from their destroyed house. She occasionally throws sarcastic wisecracks in the direction of her sisters each time they say something pointlessly optimistic. The trio of characters work well together, bouncing off each other as they struggle to understand their situation and the past that haunts them.
This is Women’s History Month and as we celebrate International Women’s Day wecontinue our work to stop global degradation and violence against women,particularly in matters of reproductive justice. Women are educated and know the right thing to do regarding reproductive issues. Women as moral agents following their primacy of conscience always know the right thing to do but may be poor, underfed, unschooled, and not in control of their own fertility.
The voice of the Divine is like this to me, everywhere, in all things, pulsing, flowing, alive. When we learn to listen, life is resonant with an orchestral vibrancy that is nothing short of awesome. The power of this sound draws us to stillness and lets us dissolve into the depths of profound silence. Open your ears, open your heart, open your body, open your mind and listen to the wondrous sounds of Life itself.
The Innovative Educator is a blog created and maintained by author Lisa Neilsen. Lisa promotes ideas on her blog concerning passion-based learning and embracing technology in curricula of the 21st century. Lisa is a proponent of integrating technologies, such as cell phones, into the education process, rather than “blaming and banning” these devices. A recent post on Ms. Nielsen’s blog is entitled “Twitter for Administrators, Teachers and Students.”
I kept saying that someday I'd make Max his own little quilt with stars on it. After digging through my fabric scraps I finally did it.
I have been praying since I knew I was pregnant with my first child, for each of them to have a good spouse. One that loves and respects them, one that they can truly become one with, one that will make the rest of their lives beautiful and not miserable.
Then he gently placed her
Now THAT, they say, is a look,
10.) What's your favourite piece of clothing?
Boil whole wheat pasta according to the directions on the box. Smother in the sauce of your choice and mix in mozzarella cheese and crushed croutons or garlic rounds. Continue to cook until the cheese is melted and serve! This dish goes great with a Caesar salad on the side.
Doug: This is a great cover, isn't it? If I had been a Hulk fan when I was 11, Ernie Chan would have made me buy this.
Whenever it is placed in the Usenet, it is already part of the public domain section. Public domain materials are there because it is either the owners have consented giving it freely to the public or because their copyrights have expired.
-Eleanor Beck, WBIR-TV, Knoxville, TN
I don’t remember how exactly that it hit me, but in the course of my girlfriend chats, I was hit with the idea, “Why aren’t you content?” Do you lack something crucial that isn’t right in front of your face? Will getting what you want really make the difference to your happiness? And I had to acknowledge the ugly parts of me. That I’m selfish. That what I call an “unmet desire” is actually a demand. That I don’t handle disappointment in a rational manner.
"Stand back, it's going to blow," those words were forever burned into her brain, shouted by her partner on Engine 6. Now she was confined to her bed, hoping for a full recovery but expecting far less.
A quick Purim poster Iran’s new chapter: Belarus to sell uranium? Parlez-vous français? Check out our official French Twitter for all the live updates! @Tsahal_IDF Breaking: #Palestinians hurled a firebomb at a vehicle in Judea & Samaria, damage caused. Update: Firebomb hurled by Palestinians damaged a #Palestinian vehicle near Deir Abu-Mash’al. #IDF force searching the area @ymedad Near Deir Abu-Mash’al. It was a Palestinian vehicle, too. @faris007 Well, our favorite is the Merkava, but we’re kind of biased. Freilichen (Happy) Purim! Useful idiots for Palestine by patcondell Syria: Father and son sniper victims An amazing day for rhinoplasty stories
I'm sitting here watching this crap and I keep hearing all of these complete idiots talk about their "experience" with the quake up here, and these an't even a joke:
Volomir: Your diorama, Slayersword in France 2011, was an outstanding piece, something huge which required a lot of work and time put into it. How long did it take you to create something so big? Did you have all the diorama planned beforehand?
If I had realized our farewell earlier
Because 17 bottles of white and 1 bottle of red weren't enough, a few friends joined me for a stumble through the East Village to one of my favorite haunts, Pata Negra. Since we apparently hadn't eaten enough, either, we ordered a plate of the legendary Pata Negra ham, and while that melted on our tongues, we drank a Rose Txakoli.
After all my mindful planning, I did run out of time on Wednesday and couldn’t get to everything I wanted (sorry the bathroom’s not spic and span, subletter). But after talking to Adam, it occurred to me that I should book a car service, which was the best decision of the day. The driver I had knew exactly where the USDA office was and was really nice and sweet, despite the demonic meows coming from the back seat.
Let it go.
I'm really happy with how it turned out. I do get a real kick out of seeing these little machines. You can be creative and try to be accurate, but it really comes down to the scale and variety of the Lego pieces you have to work with. This machine is slightly larger than the first one I made, as that was the only way to get the details on the computer screen section.
Should you wish to experience the bike ride that Bil and I took from Buckman across the river to the Brewers' Dinner, well, here it is.
The Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Awards Program celebrated its 25th anniversary this year. Past award recipients have included Howard Schultz of Starbucks Coffee Company, Arthur M. Blank of AMB Group (Home Depot, Atlanta Falcons), Pierre Omidyar of eBay, Inc., Ruth Fertel of Ruth’s Chris Steak House, Maxine Clark of Build-a-Bear Workshop, Tom Adams of Rosetta Stone Inc., Matt Szulik of Red Hat Inc., and last year’s national winner, Howard Lutnick, chairman and CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald and BGC Capital Partners Inc.
I have had dreams where I have felt love while being taught by someone several times, where I interpreted the individual as Belsebuub most of those times. In one interesting dream I had where I was speaking with Belsebuub, there was something very odd in that dream which I later checked in a general dream symbol guide. And the odd thing in the dream, according to that guide, would mean that it was an individual walking the path which was spreading the teaching. In the dream I was taught about awareness, how to get it right (this is only the part that I remember) and it was very much what I needed to apply in daily life to get awareness working, and it worked.
2. Flashlights and a supply of batteries.
Since I can remember, I have documented my life through pictures: what I feel, what I see and what I live. I have had the opportunity to capture great and beautiful moments for others as well as moments that are not-so-wonderful.
It’s nothing new, you conclude.
If not the minute you walked into the backyard from the gate you would have seen it...
Every week I throw out food that is spoilt, has passed its sell-buy date or just isn't wanted anymore. I imagine many of you do too. Dollars, euros, pounds worth of food thrown away, wasted. What do you get for that wasted money? Nothing. In contrast, my quirky crime novel Peril is yours for just $0.99 or thereabouts. For $0.99 you get a 4 / 5 star rated ebook of 90,000 words. Why am I almost giving it away, this full-length novel? Because I want people to read it. [1]
Like many of us, I have my own Facebook page, but I also administer two other non-personal pages, so I need all the help and advice I can get. These classes together were together worth the price of admission. Ms. Van Krevelen is also a blogger and can be found here and here.
Such statements forget that any language can be put, and is put, to any use which it is called upon to serve. As the Russian linguist Roman Jakobson wrote, in his 1959 book On Translation, “Languages differ essentially in what they must convey and not in what they can convey.” In other words, we can express ex-aequo beauty and ugliness in any language, which means that no language beats another in the contest. The same is true of words: you can have a look at this Lexiophiles post, Discriminating words on aesthetics grounds, to appreciate the election process – and you can participate in it too. The bottom line is that it all depends on where you choose to look for your evidence.
“And the Lord said unto the serpent, upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life.”
It ended. Oh, God, it’s over. I…I’m in Heaven. Thank you. Thank you, so much. Thank you. Thank you. Tears run down my face. I can’t speak. His fingers are smooth and cool against my burning cheeks. Thank you for caring though I’m filthy and awful.
The Red album was already fantastic, but somehow you've managed to make it even better. What were your reasons for making Red+?
What you will see is the word ‘Constitution.’
It is not used much today. Russian herbalists use an oil extracted from the flowers and young leaves to treat hair loss and as an antiseptic on skin wounds. In homeopathic medicine a tincture of magnolia flower is a minor remedy for asthma and fainting.
What they got wrong: I would still rather never see St. John again. And I know I missed a lot of issues, but I don’t remember him using magic.
5:55: I’ve given up hope that he is going to put on a shirt in this video.
Vicinity: Old Chicago is located on Wolf Road, which is Albany’s main location for hotels and chain restaurants; this strip includes Outback Steakhouse, Olive Garden, Fuddrucker’s, and other chain eateries as well as a number of hotels, as well as the revamped Colonie Center shopping mall. Quite suburban and extremely family-friendly.
Yesterday I went through my normal morning routine, except I would not be having my early afternoon nap. It’s my mother’s 86th birthday and twelve of the family got together for lunch at a local restaurant to celebrate. As we all gathered around, I thought what a wonderful family I have. Everyone was so full of life … chatting with each other, catching up on all the news. My nieces and nephews are all couples now and have grown into fine young adults, with careers and talking about their great plans for the future. Mother just sat there glowing as she looked around the table surrounded by her children and her grandchildren … she was just so proud.
Jesse Eli Howard (1902-1985), wife of Emma Allred, son of John and Martha Howard.
Just Take It to Jesus--Same.
Get that shit out!
See you soon.
Thus, on a sunny day that you always loved, I filled the red balloon with your ashes. I cut the string. Then I watched you go.
Stamps: Multi Step Mother’s Cameo, Vintage Words (KSS)
So,I live under dictatorship- you judge who the dictator is- and I still have no right to be informed except the controlled manipulated TV channels
I won it! I won it at a Dinner with Disney event. I would never spend that much on a purse. I have a strict rule about not spending more ON a purse than what I keep IN a purse.
Search for household leather satchel handbag, leather-based briefcases and household leather satchels that have water-proof characteristics. A lot of buckskin hand bags have got huge flaps and pockets while some parts that are go sealed. One must make use of private opinion to make the decision that this best can be. Try to find sinuous gussets in the synthetic leather bags.
I am suggesting we stay away from debt so that we can live in freedom.
And we were all surprised that this lone tree still had it's beautiful colored leaves
@WillieKeane
Vegetable you hate: Parsnips and Turnips
If there ever is a reason to flaunt the word serendipity this is it. Thursday I went to my critique group and read a scene from my dark fairy tale that takes place within a labyrinth. The maze I described was complex, and my partners asked if I could draw it. “Yikes,” was my first thought.
The rest of the world sees me like this
The 18-state area at Slight Risk
You love excitement Sagittarius, but your misguided loyalty may get you into all kinds of troubles if you don't sit back for a minute and take in the bigger picture.
We have decided that we would like to dine at Bar Mare on Friday night for our final night in Praiano. Because we have started to notice a few more tourists in the area, we feel reservations would be prudent to ensure we get our preferred table. I can barely coax my leg muscles into moving this morning after the Sentiero degli dei adventure, so Linda and Janel volunteer to walk down to the marina to secure our reservation.
Emily – 102 (38.64%)
Start with an image. I uploaded mine to Picnik (I know they are closing. I am using other programs, like Pixlr and Fotoflexer, but for now I knew I could do these in Picnik faster.)
“I know this is very forward. Please don’t think me a rogue, but I’ve been sitting here listening to you, trying to focus on your words whilst imagining what it would be like to kiss you.”
Spartan power-rock. One tap of the cowbell (rock percussion’s most effective weapon) and TS McPhee’s greatest distillation of Heavy Blues is off and running with dynamics galore. Feverish.
2. Don’t answer the door.
While we delight to be with God after death, we are incomplete without our bodies. So we do not look forward to going to heaven forever while our bodies waste away and decay. Rather we are looking forward to the world that is to come, a world were the God of heaven dwells with humanity on a newly created earth. In this new world, we do not live a “spirit-beings.” No, we live as fully human beings, body and soul, after our physical bodies experience resurrection.
But, since being overweight/obesity, Type II diabetes, heart attacks, and strokes run in my family perhaps one day I’ll convert one of them because, sadly, I think that’s what it’s going to take.
5. Never wear a shirt from a run that you did not finish. To wear a race shirt is to say "I finished it". Exceptions: see guideline #1.
And he did turn out kinda cute...
I’m impressed by how you’ve responded directly and respectfully to what sounds like some outside criticism/flaming about your decision making. Are you ever tempted just to ignore it? Do they ever respond?
i was reeeeeeally bad about taking pics this week.
Amazing!
Jacob, (Or the alien race controlling the virtual reality lab) has run various pyschological and physical tests to see if they are worthy to survive. To be permitted to live on. Or as the MIB stated in the season five finale exchange with Jacob on the beach:
It seems a long laborious process, especially for those of us who thought it would be easier to write the shorter forms of children’s books – like the early readers and five to eight books that Tony specialises in.
We only move forward
I hate it when celebrities die.
So, what is the "energy" that a massage therapist who "does energy work" works with? To me, it's the exact equivalent of the John Bell Hood whose eight-year-old face got pushed in the mud. There was, in fact, a real John Bell Hood: but nobody can know him directly. There is also the John Bell Hood that Shelby and I have in common: a set of characteristics compounded of all kinds of people we have known: a kid I knew from the deep South who had more courage than sense, a shading in of Custer with his long blond hair, antique glimpses of military gallantry. And then there's the poem that I write later, when I reach out through, and with, this phantom "Hood" to try to communicate with other people, to move them, to make them stop and think about the suffering and beauty of a sort of person they might ordinarily hold in contempt. Just so, there's the "energy" in the practitioner's mind, largely bogus; the "energy" as a possibly shared understanding of chakras with their emotional charges and all the images and metaphors gathered around them through a couple millenia's hard use; and finally there's the massage, the interaction informed by all this, which can be as profound and important as any play of Shakespeare's.
This fortnights challenge is Show us your favorite Technique, well I don't know about you, but I like to try different techniques, so for this challenge I went for Distressing. I have used this lovely image from our sponsor, it is called Time for tea, I coloured it with promarkers then distressed with chalks, the papers are Prima almanac I disstressed all the edges to give it a vintage feel, cut out two of the butterflies to add the the image,
Morello: Who’s next?
The most poignant & significant moment had to be when John answered another question from the audience; a girl wanted to know that with all the disturbing coverage about bullying in the news, how does one stick to being themselves & making it through high school? He mentioned Athena, his 13 yr old daughter & how his advice to her is if you’re being bullied, you go to your teacher, if they do nothing, go to the principal, if they ignore you, go straight to the top to your administrator…then if you still are left with no help, take it on with the bully & when the school is upset at you for causing an altercation, the parents can say, ‘Hey, its not her, its YOU. you did nothing” I thought that was amazing advice & I applaud him for addressing the dirty-little-secret that often the problem is because of the lack of intervention within the school.
I loved some of the little details in Pottermore. For example, Fred and George Weasley try to send Harry Potter a toilet seat as a gift while he is recovering at the end of Sorceror’s Stone. Well, my brother found it. Check Chapter 17, Moment 2: The Hospital Wing. Double-click, then double-click again to the left of the page, and it is in the closet. Little, silly things like that make up for some of the annoying bits of Pottermore.
A big thanks to my mom for taking pictures today, so I didn't have to freeze alone with my tripod!
H: when I played baseball with my dad's friend (Jason)
A: Yogi and Ron did 3 separate signings for "Driving Mr. Yogi" this week and I believe signed close to 2000 books. There are no other dual signings scheduled though I believe Ron is doing one in the Lafayette, La. area this month. I would think they would sign the book together in Cooperstown this summer.
Also, unlike the "Pulp Cover" style, it seems that Pyle isn't focusing on the emotions of the people involved in the fight. In this painting, Pyle seems to be playing the fight - not off the combatants - but off their audience, the pirates who are intently watching the fight. The pirates watching seem very invested in who wins (probably that person will be their new captain) and I love the sense of character and attitude the watching pirates have. Their grim seriousness and intensity gives the picture so much more weight - this isn't just some drunken brawl that just broke out...there's a lot riding on who wins this fight. Again. the "Pulp Cover" fights don't seem to have that layer of deeper meaning or interest, and to me, that's what makes Pyle work so much better and deeper.
Undershirt: Elzee
If you have the time and the inclination, you can listen in on Ruger's Annual Meeting which is today and starts at 9am. I'm sure you will hear lots of cheers from shareholders. If I could have been in New Hampshire today, I would have been one of those cheering the loudest as the stock is trading near its all time high and the quarterly dividend just tripled.
Firstly, I’m loving Tyrion Lannister. It’s great to read about a dwarf in fantasy that isn’t actually a beard-toting, axe-wielding drunk. I have to admit, I was sceptical about the character before I got to him, mostly because I was afraid the character would be treated as a ‘special case’ and not as a normal, complete person. I have to say, I’m impressed and I’m really enjoying reading about him.
Saterday (March 17)~~~ I CAN'T REMEMBER!!!!!!!!! I've been siting here for like 10 minites and still can't remember!!! You would think I would remember sence it was only TWO DAYS AGO! but no~~~! I can't.......
But just like I had to squelch my desire to simply stick cheaters off to the side and deal with the larger problem, so do these adults responsible for educating Atlanta's youth. We can't just bash the teachers and the principals. (Although clearly many are tempted to grab flaming torches and beat us when we're down.) We have to look at the larger problem. What about this culture of fear that has been created for adults working in schools? What about this obsession with quantitative data and test scores and seemingly nothing else? What about all the studies that negate the usefulness of this data when it is abused as we so love abusing it today? What about all that?
For the 14th consecutive year, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport has earned the title of world’s busiest airport. Preliminary data indicate that passenger traffic increased by more than 3.5 percent from 2010 to 2011, making 2011 the busiest year ever for the Airport. The 2011 total of 92.39 million passengers is 2.6 percent higher than the previous record of 90 million passengers, set in 2008.
It all started with one mailing.
In a skillet, cook bacon until crisp tender. Crumble or chop the bacon to small pieces, set aside.
and praise the Lord!
To cut costs, fur farmers pack animals into unbearably small cages, preventing them from taking more than a few steps in any direction or doing anything that is natural and important to them, such as running, swimming, making nests, and finding mates. Many animals go insane under these conditions. The anguish and frustration of life in a cage leads many animals to self-mutilate, biting at their skin, tail, and feet; frantically pace and circle endlessly; and even cannibalize their cagemates.
Here's the recipe I used, it was really really tasty! I did some research on how to make a good pound cake and several recipe's said that the key to a good one is to make sure that you use all the ingredients at room temperature!! One even said to leave them about as many as 8 hours! Recipe is from Food Network.
● The Community Police in Guerrero
That’s why Barack Obama is bad for the country … a near occasion of sin, for so many … and why the man must be officially retired by the voters … come November.
You’ll get poetry, you’ll get Shadowcasting updates (you’ll learn about the madness as time goes by, friends), you’ll get Goldendoodle-centric posts, and more. I look forward to posting and chatting with everyone.
Delores Wallace is a remarkable woman. She founded the Girls Incorporated Teen Prevention program in Wilmington, North Carolina, and poured her heart and soul into “her girls” for 15 years. She was called to this work while working in an OB/GYN office and a young girl who was wasting away from AIDS put her head on Delores’s shoulder and asked, “Ms. Delores, am I going to live?” That girl passed away, but Delores vowed to do whatever she could to prevent this tragedy from happening to another young girl. Her work with Girls Incorporated revolved around an after-school and weekend program to educate, empower and build the self-esteem of girls in adolescence. Under her guidance, the teen pregnancy rate in New Hanover county was cut in half over 5 years, and out of 250 at-risk girls in her program in a year, not one got pregnant.
“Whispers of Eternity” – Adraga Beach, Portugal – Jorge Maia – Featured Photographer
Goat Cheese and crackers: Random, I know, but while looking up information about Dyngus Day I read something about goat cheese and desided to try it.
Frame Largest Spellbinders 25. I cut round the outside of the largest one by hand to make the gold frame.
After about 3 weeks of being in Arizona, Joshua got a letter (in Hawaii) stating what was needed in order for the boys to get a visit to the Cystic Fibrosis Clinic in Arizona approved. On that wonderful little letter, there was a contact person and Praise God, a phone number too. At a last ditch effort to get this ridiculous situation figured out, I figured I might as well call that number and see if they could help me with the referral.
Needless to say we snuck through the rest of the exhibits and this friend is what happens when hillbillies visit art museums.
But it is not the big cases that worry me about America. Its the little cases because through the little cases you can see the erosion of the liberties that made America great affecting ordinary citizens.
Meanwhile, new Silesians arrived, the people from the new Russian territories who were given the choice between becoming Russian or moving - or no choice at all. Traumatised and homesick, though these people were, glad to find themselves moving into the often comfortable homes the Germans had been expelled from - right down to furniture, crockery, and bottled fruit and jam- many of them never really settled down in Silesia, always afraid that the Germans would return and they would be be driven out again. The next generation, happily, is more settled.
Paul understood that because of Christ’s resurrection, he needed to devote his life to Christ’s purposes. In the MacArthur Study Bible, the notes for this passage say that “as Christ died for the purpose of redeeming sinners, so Paul had that same purpose in a lesser sense; he lived and would willingly die to reach sinners with the gospel. His life and death, though not redemptive, were for the same purpose as his Lord’s.”
Staff Apparition Times – Awakening Cups
Australia Day is a celebration of many things. Of opportunity and equality, of aspiration rather than envy, of hard work and luck in equal measure and, best of all – freedom. Freedom to have an opinion and a say without fear of being locked up, freedom to write letters to the editor and show tens of thousands of people that you are a moron, freedom to drink lager or ale – or even wine if you don’t mind being thought just a little gay – and the freedom to support Manly, Collingwood or Queensland.
1. the ciy- molish
4 Jenna Livingston W Canyon Country, CA 9:00.8 28:00.17
I know of the closure which you speak
“It’s quite all right. Really.”
what I was LOOKING for !
Red and White: A Roman Colour Symbol by Phillip L. Thomas points out how in the Latin literature used red and white metaphors to symbolize life and death. Through blood and bones, roses and milk, roses and bones, poppies and lilies, wine and milk, etc.
Growing up, I loved unicorns. They were horses but with the single horn and magic, something special and unique. I even have some of the beanie baby unicorns from when I was a kid. At one point I even had a statue thing of a unicorn head that was in my bedroom, though I don't have it anymore.
I was completely dumbfounded when, in renting a car at the tiny airport, I was only asked when I would return. There was no paperwork or contracts, the only requirement to show a drivers license. The owner of the vehicle confirmed our agreement as to the rate ($25 per day), asked when I would return the car, and just handed me the keys.
On the women's side we get a huge match up in the 100 meters with recently rejuvenated Olympic champion Shelly Ann Fraser (JAM) going up against the season's two hottest sprinters in the spring Kerron Stewart (JAM) and Carmelita Jeter (US). Jeter was undefeated this year until her loss to Fraser in Lausanne and will be looking to reverse things in Rome.
Obama hates America - his father was a "ma-mau" and he wants to remake it in his own meglo-manical image. Frank says Obama is a megalomaniac who believes he is the Mahdi, and all of Islam is going to unite under him and destroy the West. Obama wants to leave America naked and defenseless, that is why he is backing all these radical Islamists in the Arab Spring, and weakening America's military. When the times comes, Obama will reveal himself and America will be too defenseless to stop him.
Blue States - The Winfield Audition
curiouslee: Sugar Labs DC also maintains a product called SchoolTool for classroom management.
She was at the groomer getting a haircut!!
i am learning...
And for you wondering...I got my Pinterest to work. Seems if you sign up and go to the HELP section there is a "GOODIES" section... You grab the little widget that looks like a circle with a line at the bottom (I'm guessing it is someones idea of a pin) and it will show up on your task bar..
Ramjas College
The idea, however, was brilliant if a bit underdeveloped. I think Jodi Meadows could have taken her time with building up the world a bit more thoroughly. Several of the events just didn't click right. That was the problem I had: there was nothing necessarily "bad" but nothing really hit home. I feel as if the whole point of the book was missed, like Jodi Meadows never really got to the core of her story. There was a lack of suspense and drive. Close, but no cigar.
Writers : Gene Teigland, James A. Kreitel
We do find out about Janie's story, about why she has bulimia and how she ended up at Golden Slopes, but Darer Littman trickles bits and pieces of her backstory throughout the book, so you're eagerly reading to find out what happened, but also engaged enough with Janie's here and now; with how she is dealing with her recovery, whether she'll make it or fall off the wagon. You're also kept engaged through the stories of the other patients. The other "Barfers" and the "Starvers" - those with bulimia and those with anorexia. Although we focus on Janie, you also come to care about the other patients and whether they recover. Some of the group therapy scenes are really heart breaking, yet eye-opening.
When it comes to papercrafting, I like to combine patterns, colors and themes that go, which is how I ended up with today's combination of chevrons and florals. The chevrons are bold and modern. The florals are soft and a bit vintagey. Together - they work.
Now I simply need to find a way to keep the hose from wandering again.
What’s worse is that I watch it. “Stop it, you stupid crow. You’re gross.” Well, except for the fact that crows are not stupid. Far from it. They are very intelligent birds. They are supposedly one of the most intelligent animals on Earth. They shouldn’t have to depend on road carnage for their meal. I know they are smart enough to fool people to feed them. Case in point: The Hardees drive through. During the cold, snowy winter we are having, the crows are gathering at fast food drive -throughs. And this makes animal lovers feel badly. Poor birds. They are starving. I think I shall buy them a biscuit. Well, maybe two. A car in front of me did that several weeks ago, so I followed suit. These crows know what to do. We both pulled over, tore the biscuit in little pieces, threw it out the window, waved at each other, and off we went. I felt really good. If it keeps one crow off the gut-spewed road, I have done my job as an animal lover.
Tiles and Stone: We used Ann Sacks limestone in the master bath. Subway tile in the shower. Downstairs we used white Carrara marble in the bathroom. Our counterops are Pietra Cardosa, a soft gray stone that wears wonderfully.
would accommodate such a change, but I do not know this for a fact. I
Next problem - it didn't fit into the boot of his nice, but small car. Ha ha. I did jokingly suggest that we leave the boys' behind - take Mabel home, then come back for them later......After some jiggery pokery we managed to get her in. Hubby was rather stressed as he didn't want his car damaged trying to wedge Mabel in.......
IMPLICATIONS: put together all forms of commerce and channels (mobile, social networking, e-commerce, email, and in-store) into one “syndicated” experience. Customer deals, offers, promotions, and experiences must be one with the brand and the brand experience.
About noon I would realize I needed to get dressed and "do something." And maybe feed my kids lunch. Most days, lunch came at 1:30 pm. I did take them to a museum and we spent quite a bit of time there. They did have soccer practice at 5 pm several days that week, so I guess I felt justified in letting them veg in front of the TV. Three days that week, I also got them to the pool and one day my daughter and I went to the farmer's market. So I did make an effort to get us away from the house. Just not really hard.
The latest group to fall victim to the siren song of interactivity is Canoe Ventures, a consortium of Comcast, Time Warner Cable, and four other cable companies that tried to resurrect ITV. Last week they shut their doors and laid off 120 people.
We were there.
to forget about his dream of being free. Now Kiel has a choice: forget Izzy in an attempt to save face with the Baron, or trust in Izzy and her promise to free him if he helps her. But he’ll have to choose quickly, because unless Kiel can find a way to save them both, he won’t have to worry about his liberty. You can’t enjoy freedom if you’re dead.
The white looks nice in this picture but believe me, not so nice in reality.
Now, Emma Lamb used buttons for hers, but I was thinking more like making cords and joining it with a bow.
"In 1977 Stephan Segermark and Mats Hammerman became classmates in the first year of high school. The had been childhood friends and found each other at once. The dinosaurs and Airfix models in scale 1:72 was now replaced by music by bands like The Saints, Wire and Sham 69. It did not take long before they started talking about forming a band. In 1978 the formed The Blank Generation which tried to rehearse three times but the drummer never showed up as he was more interested in driving his moped. The only thing they ever did was a badge.
The first fleet was small, just 7 galleons protected by half a dozen fighter escorts. The galleons brought intrepid engineers, tradespeople, scientists and breeding couples. Also, they brought a small stock of strange animals and birds for food and company. Two craft had not stayed more than a few months, returning to the stars with samples of vegetation, bovinoids and ruminants. The rest had remained; erected agri-pods and habi-tents, gleaning local knowledge from the Tamin by trading trinkets. They were to be the first humanoid settlers on a small brown planet
C — The only immigrants we should permit within our borders are:
It was a great honour to be chosen as the Guest Designer
Lives in: Herndon, VA (Suburban Washington, D.C.)
Hedgie
The Uganda Asians should have returned to the Indian sub-continent, but were brought to the UK to destabilise it. In many areas of the UK, the Asian populations are so vast that they form self-contained colonies, with their own schools, shops, banks, businesses, residential communities, radio and television stations etc. The local authorities have adapted to suit their needs with all council, health service and public sector literature produced in foreign languages so the colonists do have even have to learn English. They have been recruited into the police and legal system, so it is possible that even when breaking the law, they will not come into contact with the English language.
That trend was replicated throughout the league, which surely contributed to this season's excitement. Whereas last season the ball was in play for 62.39 minutes on average in Premier League matches, this season it rose to 64.42 – the most of any of the top five European leagues. Fulham (67.42min) offered the most action.
where you can speak and be heard,
Lady Julianne was a riot to read about. I loved that she was more proactive with what she wanted but still was vulnerable and Gideon was vulnerable with his feelings but honor stopped him most of the time.
27. Donated to Kidd's Kids. This is something I regretfully have never done until now. For those of you who are not Kidd Kraddick listeners, Kidd and his team take a large group of chronically and terminally ill children and their families to Disney World every year, all expenses paid. The trip is funded mostly by listener donations. To find out more about Kidd's Kids, click here.
Okay, I admit, the comparing them to the mafia might be a bit of a stretch, but there is something else to consider. If a corporation isn’t a person, then it has no legal standing in court. That means it can’t sue or be sued. It can’t be held liable for a civil document, like a contract.
Choco Abundance 2:15:571
Their jerseys were one number away from each other. I keep wondering at the significance of it, as-per my theory, or as-per life in general. It might be something to the effect of “so close, yet so far away,” but that seems like a shallow and trite stab at the coincidence. I know there is something there. I haven’t yet put my finger on it. In any event, it’s an interesting parallel that my lucky number is one off from D’s. As his is the number just after mine, it always reminds me of the idea that he ALMOST met me in time. He was just a footstep too late, otherwise our lives could have aligned perfectly. But I guess, as they say, “almost” only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades…
With energy prices remaining relatively flat, the composite index of inputs into residential construction was unchanged in November. Notable declines were observed for asphalt roofing and siding (-5.4%), copper (-2.7%), steel (-1.1%) and lumber (-1.1%). These were balanced out by increases in cement (+1.2), ready-mix concrete (+0.8%), plywood (+0.7%), oriented strand board (+0.5%), and bricks (+0.5%). The building materials composite index has remained relatively flat since June, but gains earlier in the year have left the index up 5.5% relative to November 2010. While still high, this is the smallest percentage year-over-year increase since February 2011.
Staying at Peppers Ruffles Lodge & Spa is really like staying in someone’s home, except you don’t have to be overly polite and BYO flowers, chocolates and wine. Freshly picked flowers are placed by the bed, handmade chocolates are complimentary and evening turndown features a carafe of port.
Although this data set only goes back to 1994, it seems that if there was a big change, it would be visible in the data. The Gini Coefficient is a measure of how much distribution there is in a variable. If one person (or a tiny group) had all of the income in the US, the value would be 1.0. If everyone had exactly the same income (socialist paradise), the Gini value would be 0. The tiny change (I don't know if it's really statistically significant) is in the direction opposite of what we hear all the time; toward more equal incomes. What about before 1994? Ivan Kitof has done a similar analysis that goes back to 1947 (rather dense and chunky pdf here) that shows very similar trends. His conclusion:
Whiskey and Tequila are both big in the Southwest, so expect to do some heavy drinking.
Jonas, a companion from afar who joins Severian near the end of the first volume, is one such example. Wounded in an attack about two-thirds into this volume, Jonas's body of cells and metal represents a sort of a reverse cyborg; a machine clothing itself in human parts in order to repair some prior damage. Severian's attempts to "heal" Jonas are only partial, but this melding of the biological with the mechanical in the person of Jonas perhaps could be viewed as a metaphor for the interactions between the physical body and the spiritual soul. However, the text is ambiguous on this point and I do not have citations to present to support this point.
Thank you Hewlett. I’m pretty young and I’ve already come up against the glass ceiling being lowered over my head. Or maybe the unending tide of sexism and stereotyping would be another way of putting it. I get tired swimming against the tide. And I don’t have any children, or any plan to ever have children. So it’s not my procreation that’s making my life difficult.
204 Mono Slimcea Girl (Fat Boy Vocal)
don’t stop blowing wind keep turning my pages
That night Milda made delicious home made fish and chips mmmmmm and then afterwards we headed back to Willingdon where there is a mini golf course. FUN fun fun!
I found it really exciting back in August and September when I was getting going with it all…but also really intimidating. I’m not intimidated anymore. Has anybody else reading this (any other self-published people) had a similar experience?? I think, in retrospect, that it felt at the beginning kind of 50% real and 50% dream. I mean, I treated it as a real thing, in my mind and publicly, from the start; it was never a lark. But throwing my hat, so to speak, into this self-publishing arena felt, to me, a little bit (50% to be exact) like an ideal…something that was worth trying, but was very possibly unlikely to pan out.
Now today- Today was a good day. This morning I went to the park and walked by myself. The sort of thing I have hesitated to do because of the hide and seek quality of my equilibrium; one moment I am fine, the next I can feel like I am on a boat- or like I am falling through the ground, or feel like I am being pushed down, or falling backward. Every day I get to ask myself will I be okay today? Answer-Heck I don't know. But today walking I didn't have any problems, and so fueled by that success, I was inspired to try rollerblading this afternoon. I have wanted to do it for the past month but have been scared to try. I mean in the past months I have almost fallen while standing perfectly still on flat ground, so it didn't seem like the best sort of idea. But I did it, and I was fine. Like with walking, moving faster and more decisively tends to work best, much better than attempting lots of stops and starts, looking around, and turning in circles. And hours later I still feel fine. I know I could still get walloped, it has happened before- where I think something went well, but there is just a time-lapse till the consequence arrives. But so far I'm feeling cheerful. Excited by the prospect that this is an activity I can still do and enjoy.
Happy holidays all and I hope you all are spending you last few shopping days wisely. (I'm all done with my Xmas presents. yay!)
Even C.L. Barber somewhat underestimates Bottom, when he says that Titania and Bottom are ‘fancy against fact,’ since ‘enchantment against Truth’ is more accurate. Bottom is unfailingly courteous, courageous, kind, and sweet-tempered, and he humors the beautiful queen whom he clearly knows to be quite mad. The ironies here are fully in Bottom’s control, and are kept gentle by his tact. Nothing else in the Dream is as pithy an account of its erotic confusions: ‘reason and love keep little company together nowadays.’ Bottom too can ‘gleek’ (jest) upon occasion, which is the only other possibility, should poor Titania prove to be sane. Neither wise nor beautiful, Bottom sensibly wishes to get out of the wood, but he does not seem particularly alarmed when Titania tells him he is a prisoner. Her proud assertion of rank and self is hilarious in its absurd confidence that she can purge Bottom’s ‘mortal grossness’ and transform him into another ‘airy spirit,’ as though he could be another changeling like the Indian boy.
So he had the choice to live like a normal person or to curl up and die at home.
In this grouping is altered recycled teacher's books, a date day planner, a child's book, a board game book (the game boards made awesome backgrounds!) , a small child's book, all of them made really great journals!
Andrews was named in the the thirteen man squad for the game at BTC on Saturday, where in the away team dressing rooms he pondered over his two pairs of highly buffed football boots. After choosing to wear metal, rather than rubber studs, he went outside to warm-up, dressed in an old Burridge training top – basically a navy fruit of the loom sweater with his initials in white capitals on the chest and Burridge written likewise on the back. It was regulation club wear when former manager, Colin Barfoot, issued them in 2000. One or two players enquire as to what washing detergent he must use to maintain the condition of such an old top. Andrews smiles, nods, but offers no come back – he's busy: tall men like him can't afford to be messing around when there are hamstrings to be stretched.
cubes, this sized cube works best for drinks that will be consumed within 30
Nightly
If you want freedom, you must respect the freedom of others.
My payoff had a little to do with social media and a lot more to do with long-term marketing strategy -- which is the antithesis of most social media schemes.
4. Then jack the car up. Refer to the owners manual for correct placement. This is surprisingly easier than I thought it would be.
It was twenty or so minutes now and I could feel the curtains of rapture enclosing my body shutting out all reality and any sensation except for the orgasm. For guys that mmo they know what this is like, it is an orgasmic trance like state. My cock and prostate were not pumping cum, instead I felt them pumping ecstasy through my body and filling my brain with white hot sexual energy. The pleasure was so intense it consumed my consciousness. I slipped into a state of oblivious orgasmic sensation that was coursing through my entire body. Spasms of building pleasure were beating inside of me in the syncopated rhythm of a train thundering over railroad tracks. It was turning into one of the most intense sessions I had ever had. My cock wrapped by her hand and desperate erotic sensation; it was hard and twitching every 2 seconds as her hand and orgasm gripped it simultaneously and made precum drool from me in a stream. The precum was running down over her thumb and index finger.
These are just a few samples of the many amazing pieces of jewelry that she has made.
Undefended by the police, and not allowed by the government to obtain a gun license, many blacks are getting guns anyway, just to protect themselves and their families, observes Khoele.
The English make ‘Irish’ jokes.
Many Congratulations from everyone on the DT and if you could email us your details, we will let you know how to claim your prize and don't forget to take your winners badge from the sidebar.
3) Every SNP council will protect jobs by ensuring a Living Wage is delivered to all council workers by April 2013, and we will also extend the no compulsory redundancy policy to all council workers.
#2 Tea or coffee or hot cocoa?
Here's an example of one recipe:
You may call me Terry, you may call me Timmy
As far as the Jewish community is concerned, this means that the price of utopian social lunacy is already so great, and the trajectory visible from now to the conceivable future so disastrous, that the most-humming of all the motors driving the country to the ruins of dystopia cannot but become the object of wide antipathy.
The evasions – apparent throughout the federal government’s handling of the Scorpene and Altantuya cases – have added to the suspicion felt against the first couple and their Umno party, despite their repeated denials they had nothing to do with the murder or submarines ‘kickback’, said to be worth at least 114 million euros or RM570 million.
At first it was very apparent that Squeaky D reacted to dairy, egg, soy, and peanut, and at the time I also suspected beef, beans, citrus, and tomato, though I can thankfully eat those now! Lately I have also stopped eating cashews and shellfish because of recent reactions. Some of these we have actually let him try, like egg, and he has had rashes across his face and chest almost immediately afterward. Scary.
This 'clubhouse' approach should be enough, one hopes, to keep all three media watch interests ticking over a steady rate, and keep the documentation of the worst of these tabloids' deceits relatively central and readily accessible.
Thanks, David, for your efforts. Everyone else, how will you use the information and join the conversation - what will you do to be more transparent?
Its akin, I guess, to someone hearing (say) Miles Davis for the first time; hearing Winwood sing; seeing Hendrix or watching Bob Marley for the first time – this was music from another place. Completely.
It definitely spiced up a weekend in Konjarnik which was otherwise dominated by Turkish soap operas and Dutch civil law.
The genus name, Pedicularis, means little louse. It was once thought that animals feeding on this plant would become infected with these pests. Wort comes from the old English word meaning flower, giving us lousewort.
“Not according to them,” she snaps. “And did you ever think how it’d impact me?” She drops her voice an octave, imitating some football player I’m sure. “Hey look, it’s the nutjob’s little sister. Hey sister, are you crazy too?” Then her voice shoots up three registers to cheerleader level. “Like, ohmigod, tell us all about the mental asylum they sent her to. Is it true she’s got a knife fetish? Nono, I heard she hallucinates. Does she like, own a gun? Should we be worried? Poor Jessica drew the short straw last week, so she had to sit with that girl on the volleyball bus. I don’t know how she stands it.”
Also, this is what you’re here for: To see how it all ends. But its really just the beginning. That’s why its the first season. Enjoy your cliffhanger, loyal viewers.
Reese patrols the halls of the deserted college at night, and the janitor nearly scares her shitless. She yells at him, but he just keeps walking like he didn't hear her. After Reese starts to calm down, she hears something break in one of the offices and decides to investigate. She finds the office(I think it's Wexler's) trashed, and she starts sweeping the room with the beam of her flashlight. She slips on the floor, and we discover that the floor was slippery because it was covered in blood.
They are out to do things that generations ago would’ve taken meetings and rallies and marches. Now it takes an idea and passion (and lots of friends and followers).
A quick wit, when not used properly, will teach you how to fight.
Daryl
Heat oil in a pressure cooker .Add fennel seeds ,let it splutter.Add chopped garlic and ginger saute.To this add finely chopped Onion saute for 1 minute .Add tomato to this saute for another 1 minute.Add all the dry powders fry till raw smell goes away.Add chicken pieces, pour 1/2 to 1 cup water .If you want curry to be less thick add water accordingly.Finally add salt and coriander leaves to the cooker .Cover and pressure cook the chicken for one whistle on high flame.Turn off the stove and leave it on the stove itself .Open only when all the pressure has been released from the cooker.
"Usually it's in my ear all day anyway - friends suggested to leave it in there and just plug my ear into the PowerPoint at night to charge it. But I did get a little worried and thought 'This is not good, this is really not good at all'."
I know how things look on paper. I get it. Adoptee goes searching. Finds a family who refuses to tell anyone about her. Adoptee hopes things will change someday. Doesn’t look all that great for the first parent, especially if details are shared like the fact that my feelings have been hurt (which those close to me know because they’ve watched this whole thing go down). It’s really easy to characterize my first father as a villain. I’ve seen people do it before I could step in and explain that he’s not a bad guy. He has the best of intentions. He just screws things up a lot. My first parents can be selfish people, something they’ve admitted to. Guess what? I’m selfish too! I’ve made my own fair share of mistakes in this thing. And I own them when I talk to people in my life about this. It’s not black and white. It’s so far from black and white it’s scary. So I don’t like it when the story is told that way and people make those assumptions. There’s a chance someday that this is going to work out for me. I know it’s a long shot, but there’s still a chance. And these people are going to have to learn to deal with my first family if that’s the case. And I don’t like the idea that my first parents have been the subject of idle gossip. It’s uncomfortable. And it looks bad. Really bad.
The matter was, of course, under the direction of the Land Development Minister (James Masing).
When I’m not depressed I’ll often try to correct false ideas about depression, but when I am depressed, I’m too fucking tired. Most people don’t have the imagination to visualize what it is like, so I go to great lengths to hide it. You know what’s more depressing that being depressed? Being depressed and heckled by fools at the same time.
When Apple released its first iPad back in 2010, majority considered it as a revolution. Well, yes and no. Actually, the first complete concept of a tablet computer was the DynaBook. Alan Kay presented it in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Even Microsoft in early 00’s first defined the term “Tablet PC”. But only Apple managed to create genuinely user-friendly product, which infected the crowd, and delivered 3 million of the devices in 80 days.
Do agents ever see our post? There are so many of us who write and blog in the hopes of one day writing that one novel that will land us an agent. We query our hearts out and we mention our blogs as our pride and joy. They say an agent will be more interested if he/she sees you have followers. The more followers the better, it shows them that we have people out there that will buy our books, because they all ready want to know what we have to say. But....
I want you to know that I am still missing you like crazy....although during the last few days I have felt pretty good.....like I can actually breathe....like I'm comfortable with you being completely healed and in Heaven. I know that this is just one of those "good waves", and that another bad one is around the corner, but it is nice and refreshing to get a break from all of that emotion. I found myself looking at some pictures of you, and thinking about how blessed I have been to be chosen as your mommy. This is by far the toughest part of it....the not having you here with me....but as I've said before, I know that I will be with you much MUCH longer than I will be without you.
I asked French if he ever met Bruce Fish Senior? He said that "he had once or twice, when I was a kid". This is more or less what French related to me:
So it made sense to combine them into a single document with a boomarks panel open.
Today, The Mercatus Center held an event concerning the future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the mortgage giants in conservatorship. Arnold Kling, Larry White (NYU) and I spoke and answered questions with Hester Peirce moderating.
My favorite verse in Psalm 33 is Verse 4 which says: I sought the Lord and He answered me; He delivered me from all my fears. Verse four does not say the Lord takes away my problems; it says the Lord delivers me from the fear of my situations.
Auditions will be held the week of April 30th 2012.
Tapper: criminy
03. Batteria Solo 2:07 Hideo Yamaki
Now, it seems, Leske's is getting a new lease on life. I was in the area the other day and saw some workers hanging outside the bakery. Investigating, I found a couple articles and notices taped to the windows saying that the shop was due to reopen. Signs said Leske's would have new management, but the same bakers it had before. It will reopen in May.
Learn how to create your private clouds and how to deploy standardized applications or services into these clouds. Learn how to monitor your clouds and how to can handle change requests. All this key area’s will be addressed to give you an idea of what is happening in a private cloud after it is up, running, and into production.
I heard a little "pfft".
I talked to some brilliant scientists and thinkers, some mainstream Greens, some truly tough-minded scientists. There was James Lovelock, the man whose Gaia hypothesis sees the world as a single, gigantic organism. There was Jesse Ausubel, director of the Program for the Human Environment at Rockefeller University in New York. There was Chris Rapley, director of the Science Museum and former head of the British Antarctic Survey. There was Myles Allen, head of the Climate Dynamics Group at Oxford. There was Sir David King, once chief scientific adviser to the British government. There were many others.
“There is no way I would agree for my kids to go there and stay there,” said Gonzales, 32.
DH is still in the Medboard process. It's possible he now has about 4 months left... waiting on the PEB 199 paperwork to get reviewed by the VA in Washington and give him a rating. He was OFFICIALLY diagnosed with PTSD somewhere along the line here.... although everything is so busy it's kind of a blur. Just in the past few days he was put on a new medication and got dizzy while on CQ duty and basically collapsed. Spent 5 hours with him at the med station before they sent him home with me....still dizzy and walking awkwardly.
977. Pasta with Sheep’s Milk Peccorino & Bread Chips & Peter’s Pesto @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 12:58 p.m.
We used a yellow zucchini, bought at our local Farmer's Market. Serve with your favorite (homemade, of course!) marinara as a side, or appetizer. Tonight, we had meatball subs.
To the Goth kids who rock the heavy black make-up and pants that weigh more than I do with all the chains and buckles, I applaud you. To the hippie kids who rock the dredlocks and tye-dye everything I applaud you. To the girls who insist on wearing pants that are 3 sizes too small and tops that look like they were meant for an infant…I’m not sure I understand why you choose to dress like this but if you’re comfortable…then I applaud you as well.
Compare that with the Guardian “Editorial” of last Thursday, 26th April 2012 as the former Liberian President Charles Taylor was convicted:
Before the officer could ask the driver to open the trunk, the radio on his belt loudly squawked, “All available units. Shots fired at the Red Carpet Inn, Elk City, Route 40, exit 41. Possible kidnapping. Female screams reported.”
Today, I made the commitment to run the Bank of America Chicago Marathon for Team Breakthrough.
"it is not yet clear how the underconnectivity perspective accounts for the specific patterns of dysfunction in individuals with ASD. That is, how might this perspective explain what is common among individuals with ASD and what separates ASD from other neurodevelopmental disorders that also feature underconnectivity?"
Every scene is seen through a blue haze, if a character isn’t smoking at the start of the scene, they are by the end of it.
The Day Rapid Fat Loss Plan has and makes it completely unlike another extra fat burning nutrition anticipate the planet earth.Starving is not an option either.Hydrostatic or Underwater Weighing – very accurate and the best method if you happen to have a large budget and access to a handy hydrostatic weighing tank which sadly aren’t found on every street corner.This is a well-known technique to tone and strengthen the bottom, but it would also give your thighs a great workout.* Hip measurements are required for women only at the widest point.
11. Your favourite flavour of Ice Cream/Jelly?
We've affectionately named our pretty little swimming hole the "Frankenstein Pool". Since, after several diagnosis from various pool experts, it'd been discovered to be a total and complete enigma. One man who has been in the pool business for over 20 years told us that he'd never seen anything like it before.
We will award a 'The Shabby Tea Room Tea Time Terrific Top Three' badge to the three most creative projects!!! The Shabby Tea Room Winner will earn our adorable pink tea pot winner badge and 3 cutting files donated by The Cutting Cafe'!
- GPS Yes, with A-GPS support
My honey bees got an early start this year. The collection of the first pollen of spring by the workers signals the queen to shift into high gear laying eggs. It takes about 21 days for a worker bee to develop from an egg and it’s important for the hive to have as many workers as possible when the nectar begins to flow from the blooms of fruit trees, bushes, locusts and more. One of the first plants to produce pollen are the willows. The ubiquitous pussy willow is a great source of early pollen. All willows are dioecious, meaning that male and female flowers occur on separate plants. When that soft furry catkin of the male pussy willow blooms, its hundreds of anthers become tipped with wonderful, bright yellow pollen which the bees smell from miles away. In addition to providing a great early sources of pollen for honey bees, the 500 plus varieties of this valuable plant family have held an important place throughout human history.
How can I help my Students better?
I filed a complaint with the Professional Standards Unit of SO15, the home of the Counter Terrorism Command. They carried out an “investigation” that consisted only of asking their colleagues for their views. They never talked to either of my two solicitors who would have borne out my complaint.
Across the tablecloth, we will dance with the words of an easy band, blues and romance on a violinist’s draw. We will talk of love and lust, of starlight startled, of how our children light the launch of dawn. I will swim languidly in the detail of her presence.
So, not only did I learn that he joined the Army through Facebook (which I was so not happy about - so very unhappy here!!), but I also learned on Facebook that he got engaged. Hello? McFly? I'm sorry, but the freaking world learning that your son is engaged before you find out is completely unacceptable!! And yes, I read him the riot act about that one. Did it get through to him? Yeah, no. He screwed me yet again. Not only did he create a Facebook event for his engagement party, which I never got notified about (even though my daughter says that it shows me to be invited), but he scheduled it for when I'm out of the state!!! I don't even get to attend!
Please note: By sending your photographs to us, you agree to the above stated terms.
spokes-artist of
Serve in the scooped out pineapple. Garnish with this orange halves.
LEAVING HIM TO PLEASE OTHER PEOPLE – There’s this show on the Oprah Winfrey Network (OWN) called “Unfaithful: Stories of Betrayal”. It’s the real life stories of married couples who were torn apart by infidelity but manage to find their way back to each other. This show threw me for a loop. Most women are pressured to leave a cheating man. No one wants to look stupid, so we walk away even if we really want to stay because we don’t want our friends to judge us. Don’t get me wrong, I do not condone cheating, but sometimes working past it when the relationship is something worth holding on to is not such a horrible idea. Now if he’s abusing you mentally, physically, or emotionally.. by all means, run as far as you can. But even that has to be when you are ready, and not when other people are trying to force it on you.
Kymlee
went so well had I not had the Emergency card to
All want me to sign up for a monthly donation, pointing out that it's tax free, and would make so much of a difference.
Several years ago when my son regularly had sleepovers during the weekends he and his rugrat friends very often would surround me as I lay in my easy chair trying to relax and demand I make a Taco Bell run or suffer the consequences. Despite my pleas for them to leave me alone so I could watch the pretty pictures on the idiot box the idea of listening to five to seven kids upstairs destroying the family room to the wee hours of the morning was usually more than enough to motivate me to rush to my car and go buy twenty-dollars worth of crunchy goodness to appease the hungry mini-mob. Of course, I always got my cut of the tacos even though I paid the price by enduring late night heartburn.
These are the questions I ask myself as I sit in the dark, or as I walk city streets at night. I long for the comfort of their over-stimulation on a more constant basis. Their cocoon is a more constant and whole Venus von Villendorf for my ceaselessly moving mind-state. The shine of her signage breasts. The curve of her Earthly hips made of concrete and curbs–a land of thresholds–doors awaiting my hand to turn them, or simply a thought. The walkers and their shadows–her dreadlocks and simultaneously–her children. Hers but not owned.
- 1931: Japan invades Manchuria (Northeast China)
Hatastic has upcycled an old summer hat into this fresh new headpiece, the Butterfly Bow Fascinator. And she's sure selling it with this photo, with lingerie by Ayten Gasson - a great doubling up of talents!
Focus is one of the three foundations of success. Its so important that I wrote a whole section about it in my ebook ‘The Trinity Success Model.’ The first step to making your goal a reality is to focus on it. See it as though you already have it and you will move towards it. Here’s something else I learned about this though. It’s not enough just to see it. You have to be able to believe it is rightfully yours too. When you build that picture of your future MAKE SURE YOU ARE IN IT!! So many people invent a compelling future where they see their loved ones happy and a big house, new car etc. but they forget to put themselves in the picture. Once you see this vision of your future you will find it easy to focus on it. Once you can focus on it you will automatically begin to work towards its attainment. The world has enough resources for everyone. You just have to claim it as your own.
By you
U.S. bankruptcy, folks.) Attention municipal, county, state, and
Why, I hear you ask? Well, I’ll tell you. Because using alcohol to raise funds is using our kids as “couriers” for advertising materials and forms and payments for alcohol. Couriers? Now, I get accused from time to time of being a bit ‘rednecked’ when I use inflammatory language, but ‘COURIERS’?!? We ask them to bring home newsletters, raffle tickets and ‘Creature/Teacher’ interview forms, not stuff boogie board bags with gunga or pack their cracks with dingers full of heroin.
Terrified to tell people about her new power, Bridget confides in a local priest who enlists her help in increasingly dangerous cases of demonic possession. But just as she is starting to come to terms with her new power, Bridget receives a startling message from one of the demons. Now Bridget must unlock the secret to the demons' plan before someone close to her winds up dead – or worse, the human vessel of a demon king.
The Yard (Santa Monica): Though we cannot help but be sad that our pseudo-buddy (who never remembers us) CJ is no longer here, we can be comforted in the fact that this Saturday The Yard will be featuring drink & food specials all day long in honor of Cinco De Mayo. $7 plates include: fish tacos, steak tacos, shrimp tacos, and lamb empanadas. All of which can be washed down with $6 Herradura margs and $3 Coronas.
Anyone want to make a guess as to when this baby will be born or, whether she’s already given birth?
God has a plan. I will wait and trust.
In private, she was a devoted mother, a caring, gentle woman, and a quick-witted conversationalist who loved literature, classical music and botany. She was a “tower of strength” to her husband and family, emotionally and intellectually.
Sometimes, I’m in the mood to be all girly, sometimes I just want to look oh-so-sophisticated. And to actually do that, I need tons of different looking bags just to fit that particular outfit. My cupboard is packed with bags but I still find it a hassle and quite time consuming to choose which bag matches well.
We're all busy with our lifes (and getting busier and better), unfortunately activity on the blog is decreasing big time, we lost quite a few links after the recent file sharing shutdowns and a big part of the team is active for The Find Mag nowadays anyway, which is pretty much identical to this blog but more extended content, a bigger platform and related (physical) projects - also many free downloads!
Cannon in front of them
As you can see by my absence, I haven't been writing for.....several months now. Several months that were not uneventful, however. Mainly, on the 5th of May, my blog, the only one worth reading, grew up one (actually the first) year. One year! Can you imagine that? If I were to sum up this whole year in one picture, it would definitely be this one:
Take care out there, everyone.
JP ran to the store for some staples and a frozen pizza. I held Claire for over an hour because every time I'd set her down she'd burst into tears and wail "up! up! mama! up!" We ate the frozen pizza (baked on foil, removed from the oven with a towel, and turn into pizza). Landon dissolved into tears around 9 p.m. when we didn't know what a "moneybank" was and he kept asking about it. Finally at 9:30 p.m., after 14.5 hours of labor, the movers were done. We tipped generously, made up the kids' beds, and tucked in their exhausted little bodies. JP and I took one survey of our disaster of a house and went to bed ourselves. Not even I could contemplate tackling any part of that until morning.
Researchers have found that doing a short burst of cardio exercise before breakfast may help you burn fat more efficiently. Doing this outside is even better as natural light helps regulate your body clock, so you’ll be more energetic during the day and sleep better at night. During the winter months, sunshine helps ward off SAD (seasonal affective disorder), a condition that can lead to uncontrolled food cravings. Sunlight on your skin also increases your levels of vitamin D, which are associated with a higher metabolism and a lower risk of obesity.
05. E.M.I.
Logan Keslar, a Houston native, is in the touring cast and performed in the Tony-winning Broadway production.
They succeeded - together!
Progress report:
Lola: Please, please, tell me it's inappropriate touching!
edited note: this is the link that dani so kindly alerted me to. i suggest everyone read it and feel pretty good about shopping j. crew.
Just before lying down on the bed, she glances at him and sees the poor guy curled up on the floor, eyes stare widely into the empty air, filled with hopeless desire.
"It's my birthday, and I've been told I get a free desert. If it's at all possible," he told the woman at the register, "I'd like to give it to the couple sitting there."
European Opposition Practice by Stephen F. Jones –
- then the director, who, btw, was wearing the cutest long sleeve tangerine print dress with a grey scarf and Rebecca noted to me later that she never would have thought to pair a gray scarf with a tangerine dress and I knew she was making a mental note. I can also bet she has a tangerine something in her closet right now that she plans to pair with a gray something because she is always spot on when it comes to fashion. :)
Limited Atonement:
Sterilise a jam jar,wash with boiling water, wipe,then place in a pre-heated 100 degrees celsius oven to dry completely.
“A constituent who resides across the street shared that her now 21-year old daughter would have gone hungry on many days while growing up, if it had not been for this pizzeria, and she cried when expressing how good Luigi had been to her. Godspeed to this generous spirit, Luigi Viaggio, your presence is already missed.”
Weeks later, when Laura was visiting London, Defoe made contact and invited her and two friends to visit his home in Hertfordshire for a few hours.
After trying to spend the day productively I have decided to just quit. Some things just shouldn't be so hard.
keeps rising
Schwarzenegger had been very keen on a new oil drilling proposal called the ‘Tranquillon Ridge project,” as means of raising cash for the state’s federal parks amid a massive $18.6 billion budget deficit.
Me - You have FOUR brothers and sisters. Talk to them.
Dr Klaus Leist works at The Wiener Library, concentrating on deciphering and translating old documents. He edited As If It Were Life, A WWII Diary from the Theresienstadt Ghetto by Philipp Manes with Ben Barkow.
AND THE BIG BLUE (aka NY Giants) WIN! - means division playoff par-tay at my place next week! - wooohooo - even tho the game was SO paid off by the ref's - the Giants still kicked ass - that's my boys!
3. Technique - The reason I train with weightlifters is because I want to learn how to lift weights the correct way and minimise the chance of injury. Weightlifting clubs are plenty but check the credentials of your coach. If you cannot access a weightlifting club, many Olympic websites offer motion charts to show you the correct positioning. Once your work is done in the gym, you must...
Mrs. Obama, we know you love our youth as much as we all do and that you want to see them healthy, but we would ask you why you chose a game show like The Biggest Loser as a platform to promote “getting healthy.” and why you continue to push weight loss even though it doesn’t meet the criteria of evidence based medicine.
It was from her son.
For today I'll settle just for getting the canvas back on the stretcher bars. Baby steps, right?
“It’s up to you, Mr. Cavanagh. You can choose to let your wife remain a sleepwalking aquaphobe, or choose to support her in her recovery.”
Here are a few ideas to try:
“Prices will vary depending on the way in which you give us your typescript or computer files.”
I found all three items at TJMaxx, but at different times. I have three kids and that means lots of gifts for friends throughout the year. I snag cute things, when I see a good price and stock them in a 'gift box.'
Articles like this are great because their comments pages consistently expose the mob mentality.
“Our parents
Then, there’s the philosophy which this runner-blogger really enjoys:
That I have 99 potted up tomato plants (after some thinning of weaklings and doubling up) living la vida loca in their own individual 4" pots PLUS 13 Lettuce Leaf basil plants (awesome favorite!), 3 Padron Peppers, 2 Banana Peppers, 2 Tomatillos, ZERO (sad) Golden Greek peppers, 12 Parisian Pickling cucumbers and 2 Solly Bieler cucumbers.
Supreme Allied Commander Atlantic/Commander in Chief, U.S. Atlantic Command (‘90-‘92)
The current project is to reuse a bunch of lumber to make a solar dryer. The lumber for this project was previously used to build a frame for our polyethylene garden cover for our balcony garden in Vesuvius. The lumber's original use (as far as I know) was as framing material used with steel strapping to hold a bundle of drain pipe in Windsor Plywood's backyard. It was the perfect size for the mini chicken coup I built last September. That stuff plus some distressed OSB and a few discontinued asphalt shingles found their way off their property for a small donation to the staff Christmas party.
Splenda Sugar Blend or Brown Sugar Blend 200ct $2/1
The same reasons I use that kept me from exercising and losing weight are the same reasons that I will use to motivate myself. I just have to look at it in a different perspective: (1) I have managed to be fit before and I can do it again this time. Those moments actually felt good and I want to feel it again. (2) I am a counselor, a teacher, a (non-practicing) nurse, a student, an aspiring entrepreneur, a friend (probably an enemy for others), a daughter, an aunt, a mother (to my three year old daughter), and most especially, I am a wife (to my loving and supportive hubbie). These many roles that I have to play only tells me that I need to be fit and healthy so that I can play it well.
“Yes, we black Africans are sex crazy! Yes, we black Africans are diseased! Yes, we black Africans spread the deadly HIV through uncontrolled heterosexual sex! In this regard, yes, black Africans are different from white Africans! Yes, we black African men abuse women and the girl-child with gay abandon! Yes!, among black Africans rape is endemic because of our culture! Yes, we black Africans believe that sleeping with young virgins will cure us of AIDS! Yes, as a result of all of this, we black Africans are threatened with destruction by the HIV/AIDS pandemic!”
a scene so pleasing to the eye
Put another way, why buy one minute of Super Bowl time when you could buy twenty years' worth of high-density urban exposure, associating a certain sidewalk, bridge, museum, or subway station with you and/or your product?
Can we talk about Glee? Great show. As a television junkie, and an avid fan of most things music, I totally dig the show. As a music teacher, my feelings border between inspired and annoyed.
flip and cook for another 2 mins
“Confident.” She leaned forward. Her lips stopped inches from his. The sizzling tension between them stretched in exquisite agony. “Not that I mind a little−cockiness.” Her gaze lingered on his lips then dropped slowly to the evident bulge in his pants. “As long as someone can back it up.”
So it was with curiosity and delight that I approached a great "new" beer café in the less-visited, northeastern corner of Flemish Brabant, specifically in the little town of Diest. Ons te Huis, which translates as At our Home, has been around for some years, but this year their beer selection trebled as they started combining as a beer store. The deal is that the 170 beers in the yellow section of the menu are available cool and served in their correct glasswares. The 350 beers in the green section of the menu are from the beer store, but if you want them served in the café, just let the barman (or woman) know half an hour before, and he will have the bottle cooled for you.
The application requires the Tribal applicant to collaborate with, among others, tribal nonprofit organizations or community-based organizations with a documented history of effective work concerning children or youth exposed to domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking, including programs that provide culturally specific services.
I may be coming down with something too.... send healing thoughts.
Per sources who know of the issues, Radulov and A. Kostitsyn were seen in Scottsdale, Arizona (about 45 minutes away from Glendale, AZ) at a bar and were there as late as 4AM. The team has a strict policy on “party hardying” and it is clear why the two drove that far to go to a bar: they didn’t want to get caught.
I apologize for the neglect I have shown towards my website and others. It’s been a long few weeks. Been sick. Been busy with work. The twins grow larger, my time away shrinks. Plus, I’ve not done a lick of good coyote or hog hunting when I have hit the woods.
Wednesday I was confronted with a situation and did immediately jump into the calm/cool/collected state. Was on my way to the ENT, I had to get the appointment done then I could focus on “making everything ok”.
It's both a blessing and a curse.
These are a set of pre-moistened pads to be used as an exfoliating skin brightening peel. They are clinically proven to brighten, smooth skin tone, and restore skin’s natural radiance (as much as a professional 30% glycolic peel, but without the redness and price tag!). Overall, clarity and skin tone will improve, a long with reducing dark spots with continued use.
Together, let’s walk unafraid
Pictured at far right is Chester Arthur Warwick (1903-1973) fiddling around on his banjo. The photo was probably taken ca 1923-1933 based on Chester's age at the time (20s). There is not a violin in sight. But, when it was time for my sister to choose an instrument to play, a violin emerged from Grandpa Warwick's attic. This was very fortunate for my sister who put it to excellent and delightful use.
It can never be to much too love and learn with the ones that I'm with...
I'm falling behind in my beer posts. Recently I've sampled a summer wheat, a triple stout and an ESB. Hopefully I'll get 'round to posting on them in the next few days before I lose track of things!
RIP Chippy. We miss you!
Most annoying thing: Everyone asks "How are you feeling?" I'm not sure if I should answer that question honestly: Health wise I feel good...body wise...I feel like a whale. Since I never know if people really want to know...I just say fine or great.
Peekaboo
Day after day they pour forth speech;
I'd like to display some of my shoes... as chic-style storage. (Also so I remember what I have!)
Uerige Doppelsticke -- sweet, not long
I pass my peace around and about ‘cross hands of every hue;
Lower Dens – Rosie
An eleven –
I found some twines to get on his feet to get this little calf out.
have never found one satisfactory. Meanwhile,
That he shall render every glory up,
So I finished the bicorn construction last night. I still need to trim it up (and line it) but I'm pretty happy with it. I also have to figure out if I'm wearing it athwart (side to side) or "fore-and-aft." I'll take some pics when the trimming is finished and let you help me decide.
Are you sick of these yet? I must say, I think I've seen my fill of of this collection (blog wise). That is one thing that kind of irks me about the whole polish racquet. By the time us regular, non-press-sample receiving bloggers get our hands on a collection, it's old news and everyone has seen the swatches a thousand times over. Oh, well. You're seeing them again. That mini-rant aside, I do love this collection. I was not a Harry Potter freak ( I read the first book, saw two of the movies and that's it), nor have I been a fan of any other series (Lord of the Rings, Twilight.... whatever) but I do love me some Hunger Games. I read the books around the Christmas season not expecting to be blown away, but three days later and all three books finished, I was a convert.
Without the solid foundation of a credible story, the actors really struggle with what they are given. I didn’t find any actor’s that bad but none of them really stood out to me. If I’m going to give any compliment, it will be to Landon Liboiron who does okay, and maybe with a better script could have been good. Oh wait there is an actor I have a bone to pick with, and that’s Jesse Rath who plays Sachin. He’s basically the equivalent of Randy from Scream, the problem being is his character is badly written, and Jesse Rath plays him with such hyped up energy I wanted to transport into the movie and slap him. Everything about the character annoyed me, including his digs at movies of old. You know its okay to take the piss out of older movies, if you can back it up and be a good movie.
In case you’re wondering what McAfee is doing in such an out of the way place as Belize, he says that he moved there to pay less taxes after losing all but $4 million of his $100 million stash in the recession. McAfee himself hasn’t been involved in the company he founded since the ’90s, but he’s worked on a variety of products since then, and regardless of how dire his financial situation might be, it’s utterly bizarre to think that he would decide to set up a Central American drug manufacturing business.
07 - Violin Solo
Emma Roberts chose to wear this bright yellow Escada gown. If you notice, it has a slight peplum hint. Somehow I'm wondering why its so crushed, looks like she sat in it real long. However we can forgive her right? I actually like the colour on her pale skin and the hairdos fine. But she could have done better! The clutch is fab though.
Vision: The Fusion of Sight and Inspiration (guest post) -
First, preheat the oven to 450*F and bake a sweet potato for 45 min.
I want to thank everyone that read and commented.
But Keith Porteous Wood, of the The National Secular Society, said: 'Delia Smith has fallen for a myth in imagining secularists and atheists are somehow endangering her faith. 'It is the Church that is destroying itself with its inhumane pronouncements and unwillingness, in some cases, to admit its own evil-doing. 'When crimes against little children are denied and covered up, people are repelled and walk away.
I look at the two of them...Bug with the beans in his trike. Cody heading out the door.
Assistant Chief Constable (Non-London) – between one and five per force, dependent on size. Responsible for a certain policy area forcewide, as well as “territorial” oversight of two or more boroughs.
Back in October 2004, I took my first (tandem) skydive. It was such an amazing experience, I am at a loss for words to describe it!
The last time Wyatt had seen Calliope Andrews, he’d still been married to her older sister Cassandra, and Calliope had been—hell, in college? Maybe nineteen or twenty, at most, was his guess. She’d been chubby, her hair a corkscrew of untamed brown curls, and she’d worn really ugly glasses. In short, she’d been a hot mess.
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿So, as you can see the results at right, we’re quite pleased with the transformation. I guess sometimes you do have to step outside your comfort zone and take a chance … and give someone else a chance.
I've been down the darkest and loneliest road there is, and I won't go there again. But the tools I learned to use in battling my way out of that pit of despair have served me well, and will continue to serve me well. Depression is NOTHING by comparison. And I know where to find help if I need it.
I wore them until water seeped through the holes.
I have to go, mother, the beans for my dinner are ready. Love me.
A good naturopath is always willing to work with the patient’s other physicians or health care providers. To avoid drug interactions and to coordinate care, it is important for a patient to inform his or her allopathic doctor about supplements prescribed by a naturopath.
So early in the week I headed to my parent's to help them get ready for the storm. I was already planning some time off there for one last summer trip of kayaking, beaching and relaxing, but instead it became time spent elevating, stowing and battening. Like many, we also watched a lot of television trying to determine how bad Irene was going to be, and what needed to be done in case of each possible scenario. I can't imagine living far from the coast, but one of the prices of that choice is having to deal with these sorts of events. So you remember what has happened before, do all that you can in preparation for what's to come and hope for the best.
We knew we were at the right place at the sight of the waters by the plantation. Restoran SPOA has a weird name and it is pretty much like a wooden shack. But that doesn’t matter because in Malaysia, it’s the food that counts, not so much how it looks. It reminded me of the fishing village during my trip to Sekinchan a few weeks prior. Even though Singapore is less than 20 kilometres away, you can’t see such places in the republic any longer as Singapore’s urban planning projects moved Singaporeans from villages to well-built flats that have proper hygiene facilities many years ago.
It’s a matter of respect for your fellow human being, especially because they are your lover.
The Name of the Game
I love this city.
Marvy LePlumeII; pink marker ﻿
buffet bas: bas buffet
Security was unable to re-act quick enough. The clone of Masaaki Shirakawa expired at the angry grip of Mr. Fulford.
*Explain what happens on the other side, based on clairvoyant observations
AG: Well, physicists must agree with this interpretation of this experiment. Many times of course, physicists will take the following point of view: they will say, “Well, yeah sure, experiments. But this relationship between particles really isn’t important. We mustn’t look into any of the consequences of this transcendent domain—if it can even be interpreted that way.” In other words, they try to minimize the impact of this and still try to hold on to the idea that matter is supreme.
Position Description:
It's okay that I am getting laid off in a little less than 5 months and I haven't started getting my resume together. I've started a profile on LinkedIn, so at least that's something! It's called networking people, get a clue! :)
The professor claims that he was put on the watch list to punish him for his speech, and he's received a good deal of support from various blogs (as well as some skepticism). I think when it comes down to it, if someone said "Bush ate my kittens with his bare hands" some people will believe it no-questions-asked, because you know, Bush is the kitten-eating type. But let's think about this in detail, and let's even assume that the administration is willing to pursue this sort of retribution. They decide to punish dissidents, and they pick out a professor that no one outside his field has really heard of, because Cindy Sheehan, Jon Stewart, and Howard Dean would be too obvious. Then they let word pass down to random ticket agents at American Airlines that they put people on the list for peace marches and speeches. They don't harass him on the way back though - because they have something better planned for him. They're going to instruct the baggage handlers to lose his luggage! Muwahahahaha. Well, for a few hours anyway; they'll deliver it to his house overnight.
Here's a thought, George - why not up the tax on the dickbags who got us into this trouble in the first place? That's right: the WORKING CLASS AND THEIR FUCKING DEFAULTED MORTGAGES!
so few people did. I loved Roxy Music, really loved the first four
I really enjoyed this run. I hope we can plan to make this happen at least once or twice a week. If I keep at it, I will surely get used to the early morning wake up, right? How do you early birds do it? Any suggestions would be great!
Let’s be honest. The whole point of this show are the blind auditions. That’s why people tune in. The judges don’t see the contestants auditioning, so why do we? OK, so it’s a TV show, (maybe The Voice chose the wrong medium.. it should’ve been a radio show…), we have to see some of the performances. But we do get a taste of what the judges go through with like one performance per episode. Why not give us more. It’s fun to hear the voice first and then see the singer. If we had like three or four of those mystery performers per episode, it would be a lot more exciting! Otherwise we’re not really part of the action, and that’s no fun.
1 displayed
When I have all the threads done, I integrate them together. Unfortunately I don't think you can write each plot thread separately, then simply squish them together and call it good. That's what rewriting is for.
My ROAK for Betty is the offer to be an Alpha reader or critique partner for her book. I hope you'll stop by and leave a comment on her new blog, "Journeys with the Muse".
2. Comment, comment, comment. My vision for this link party is not to link and go. Please comment on two other links.
Quite simply, a dog pack has a dominant dog. His or her job is, not surprisingly, rather stressful. If a human unwittingly promotes their dog-pal to top dog, that dog will therefore be stressed -- especially if their human sends mixed signals.
My life on WordPress.Com
“Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven. Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? And in thy name have cast out devils? And in thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you; depart from me, ye that work iniquity.”
approx 11 chestnut mushrooms
But I got a new mic and the new machine is running at full tilt so I'm good to go go.
2: Cover art and liner notes are way more cool than needing a magnifying glass to read cd liners!
Keep pressing down on the sandwich until the bottom side browns. Serve with fresh fruit, a smile and a kiss :)
Were you excited to be tagged? Absolutely!
This letter is two years too late. Never might have been better, but it never felt right.
legislature has recently approved a law proposed by the Buenos Aires
Alright guys, I know this video looks long, but don’t worry when it’s over you will be wanting to see more! I loved being able to see exactly what Johnny does on a typical day. It is very considerate of him to show us this side of his life!
So have a slice of pie today & wish Supes a good day.
“Wavespan contacted TGBTS several months ago about a collaboration, and received a series of guitar improvisations in early January (2011). Excerpts of these improvisations were processed by Wavespan and treated to various forms of signal processing, including: time stretching, reverb, delay, distortion, amp/cabinet emulation, and filtering. Next, Wavespan went to work on the centerpiece of the album, ‘Ghostwave Theorem.’ After assembling a rough structure for the piece, he began adding some of his own processed field recordings to the mix. At this point, Wavespan cut-up a gritty jazz loop, to which he applied further processing. For the finishing touch, excerpts from Michael Saunders’ The Labyrinth of Music Theory podcast were processed and added to the mix.
stuffed with clean rags for weight... penciled & stitched features...
All the way driving home after the ordeal, I asked myself:
Via WSJ
From my birth, when I emerged so ill that I nearly died and needed an incubator, I have been a sickly child. Nothing in my body has ever quite worked properly, so much so that, to spare any dire errors if incapacitated, I have a full page of typed medical conditions and allergies wrapped around my health card. For me, an immune system that works has been as elusive and mythical as a unicorn – although I sometimes believe the unicorn more likely to turn up in my apartment than good health.
Please body, don't let me down. Please heart, stop racing. Please mind, stay strong. If you all work together I will be ok.
When Mitt Romney and the Republican Party claim that they care about women issues and that the “War on Women” is just a lie started by the Democrats, then we do not need to look any further than the statements made by Mitt Romney at his fundraiser when he said, “He would never tell the American voter this and telling the truth does not pay.”
She is officially a Physician Assistant.
Disclaimer: these products were sent to me for review purposes, however the opinions are my own, and 100% honest, and i receive no monetary compensation for my review. I am not affiliated with the fore mentioned company.
BrewDog Glasgow can wait.
Though, on the plus side, I do find that my old friend the orgasm has made a return appearance. Hello! Glad you're back!
::: seeing the river again going through the middle of the city.
They realized that I am teacher material. They realized that I am uncuttable.
the ground completely slippery
Here it goes again, the melancholic and dramatic Marjorie. Today, I felt like I screwed up and I feel bad about everything. I feel slash knows that I am worthless, no one even cares. Right? I wanted a hammock in a rooftop where fresh air is present. After that, I wanted to shout to the top of my voice until I’m tired and then cry myself to sleep. Is my life a mess? Am I a total mess too?
522- Swings with Lemmy after so long being at home!
So here we are, the second week in September, with one week under our belts in our second year of homeschooling. I think it is really interesting to see how both Casia and I have grown in our roles as student and teacher over the last year.
May you stay forever young
Pale face, dark circles, Wild Irish hair...not my best look.
Isn't is beautiful? But aside from the exquisite language, I love the way the book builds tension. The camel approaches the hidden tiger. She comes closer... and closer... and you just have to wonder, how will she get out of this? The ending is deliciously unexpected!
I have laughed a lot at Ana’s boyfriend because he came one week from London but he got extremely sunburnt and now Ana can’t even touch him, hahahaha!
Mr Dimattina's parents knew he had a learning difficulty of some kind from an early age. His mother, who had three older children, realised there was something wrong when he did not start speaking until age five. "If I was the eldest, I don't think she would have known there was a problem," he says.
By "both," I meant to say, "both football and dance talent." Coaching talent and performing talent often do not go hand in hand. Would you make the assumption that he is also an excellent coach? It is truly difficult to find is who is a world-class performer and teacher. It's just the way it is. Including in tango.
Mr Jean Fafona
I want to give a special shout out to Ann Vento (Raindrop Echo Designs) for creating our awesome new Blinkie and Top 5 Badge. Be sure and grab our new blinkie from the sidebar and added to your blog!!
The title:
Miss Independent
A7 Asocial - Frihet
Given the giant pawprints before him I decided to travel with him for a stretch and get to know the lil fell’r first.
3. The Texas Air National Guard Room, where you don’t have to even show up.
In the shade of ancient oak,
Chapter 2: “The Statement of the Case”
knocked on his front door asking for gardening work on Sunday morning.
IHOPE YOU FOUND THE FACTS A LITTLE INTERESTING ...HE HE
1. Green Earrings
Of course if you are embracing integration into German life with gusto, you can buy a 'traditional' kit and with a "Viel Spass!" to your toddling 2 year old flame-swinger, cast aside all your UK/USA Health & Safety ingrained paranoia. The irony of course is that your decidedly-non-German child will expose you as the hapless foreigner as they wander around setting light to all the other kids lanterns as they bash them together. So I would probably recommend spending an extra Euro or two and getting one with a bulb.
Andromeda soon faces expulsion, and if she doesn't drastically improve in the mind-reading department, she will be sent home without friends, without a proper education and without the chance to find out who is trying to kill her roommate Grace Robin (with such bad aim she's caught in the cross-fire, nonetheless).
Key the theme music to Jaws...
The Mummy was kind of neat, but he only got a little distressed and dishevelled in his change, not that big a difference. I think the Wolfman would have been a better candidate for a dramatic change. But what would they have put him in? A dog kennel?
Stevens Taillasson is a popper from France with a wealth of experience and knowledge to share. Here on holiday, he’s wants to teach a crossover class to share what he knows with poppers in sydney! Stevens has competed in and won several competitions in France, as well as choreographing for shows and teaching students his skills.
Come on over, posse -- Seattle's waiting for YOU. www.seattlemoxie.blogspot.com. I haven't actually posted there yet but have great confidence I'm going to get around to it any day now.
Who commands a vessel in Italian waters, or any other waters, and to what laws are they answering?
My sister made these cute rice krispie treat lollipops that spells out Cora (the baby's name). I love how they set them up in the beautiful bassinet. Thank you Tammy for the beautiful bassinet!
1. He never got married,
Willyn Webb used a Cell for her teen parent group to send daily writing prompts for journal entries. When set to open chat, the girls started using it to support each other as students and parents. Other examples are, the student council president has a Cell of members to send out reminders about activities, deadlines, and event announcements. A middle school student who has a Cell group to drill and review with classmates before tests.
Of course we have Gerhard Richter doing it, but his is more of a nihilist painting parlor trick about flattening everything out along with photography and there by destroying all meaning of anything. There is also the ironic form of abstraction. In his discussion with Rebecca Morris, Hamza Walker touched on the key points of “Abstraction becoming a platform to critique painting...abstract painting becoming allegory, trope, to critique modernity.” This is the official justification of the strain of painting which stems from Richter and moves down through Luc Tuymans and Wilhelm Sasnal and Magnus von Plessen. That, alongside the more loosely rigorous likes of Martin Kippenberger, Peter Doig and Daniel Richter account for the accepted modes of painting. Even a relative new comer like Thomas Scheibitz, who seems more on the non representational kick, still has representation. It seems very few artists working in the once again acceptable realm of painting are doing abstraction. And doing it with total committment. The total commitment of the painting of yore; the painting of Pollock and deKooning, the last painting that can ever be painted of Ad Reinhardt, that is serious business. That sort of painting is digging up old corpses many would rather leave buried in museums. That painting is endgame painting, painting the task of mourning painting, painting like it’s the last night on earth painting. THAT is Abstraction. That is Abstract with an “A” and Painting with a “P.” It is, as Hamza Walker read aloud, “Abstraction as a gauntlet, as a challenge, a dare. Who has the courage to paint for paintings sake? A painting for pleasure’s sake? Paintings that expose it as reading or thinking in its own right?”
Faithful blog readers will remember that I originally sold Stealing Amy back in 2006 (eeek! 2006!) to an epublisher. It was released in February (or thereabouts) of 2007 and I withdrew the rights three weeks later for various reasons. Didn't matter one way or another because the (RWA approved) publisher went bankrupt in June of that year.
No, this isn’t the beginning of some gigantic bummer. It has fun and good times, too.
1424 FC wickets at 22.28 with 127 five-wicket hauls
There is a popular saying out there, “do what you love and the money will follow.” I look behind me so much that the front of me is bruised from walking into light posts and parking meters. And to that man whose Mercedes I tripped over the other day, I said I was sorry.
catherine my love: read the book=)
1/2 cup plus 2 Tbsp sugar
Universal Studios Home Entertainment is a unit of Universal Pictures, a division of Universal Studios (www.universalstudios.com). Universal Studios is a part of NBCUniversal, one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production and marketing of entertainment, news and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stationsgroup and world-renowned theme parks. Comcast Corporation owns a controlling 51% interest in NBCUniversal, with GE holding a 49% stake.
