“No fish tonight, hooray!” They cheered in unison.
Betty Crocker Save $.40/1 cookie mix pouch 17.5oz+ (5/19)
What therapies has your occupational therapist prescribed for your SPD? Do you know of anyone who suffers from this condition?
6. Presidential election. I just want it over so we can stop all the bickering and we can find out which of the two, not really a great choice to be president, candidates will be trying to put our country back together
To link up your creation, please use the Mr Linky in the Top right side bar or at the bottom of this post.
This is day # 4 of making every meal I eat from scratch, using nothing with more than 1 ingredient on the label.
In pastry dough,
Gotta Get To You Baby
But He came for me anyway...
I don't have a scalloped square die, or a scalloped punch for that matter (I had 2 before we moved house, but none now) and I wanted a pretty mat, so I cut out some borders with a Marianne die, then chopped them in half lengthways, cut them to the lengths I needed to go around the square and stuck them on :)
Thank you Mom and Dad, and Happy Mother's Day.
To say the least, I was amazed. Three times a week I was gathering residents around me show from the Scriptures that Jesus was the Christ. I was able to clearly and thoroughly as possible urge them to repent and trust in Him for hope beyond the grave. Family members of residents would join sometimes. Co-workers would overhear. I had an absolute ball.
I tend not to read much crime fiction because I’m frightened of being influenced by other writers. Maybe that’s why my novels are a little different from the mainstream crime novels. Peter Temple is an obvious master storyteller, who is quite rightly respected internationally. THE BROKEN SHORE isn’t just a great crime novel it’s a great novel. Adrian Hyland’s DIAMOND DOVE was a stunning debut.
The gossip columnist is still hard at work but her identity is still in question. As a reader it is intriguing to when Quinn will reveal the identity.
Hey Mr. This is a beer.Gimme a call back on what you’re at alright. Thanks.
It seems that even the Chinese are susceptible to such petty rancour. I was shocked to read about a man from Chongqing whose front door has been glued shut more than 30 times by an anonymous fiend. Had it happened only five or six times, one might have dismissed it as the prank of a practical joker, but gluing a door shut 30 times clearly amounts to a vendetta. Whoever is responsible must be motivated by boundless malice and a peculiar obsession about denying his victim free passage to and from his own property.
Me: “Yeah! It’s great.”
If you could only be a master of one of the following elements of writing (and just okay at the rest), which would you choose:
Brayan is off to a fairly decent start this year. He is hitting .250, which is basically his career average, and nearly half of his hits are doubles.
Get an copy-right free image from the Internet that you like that is related to hearts ,one heart or entwined hearts( as it is for Valentine's day ) .Trace this image or draw it freehand on card, then cut out with scissors so you have a template as above.
Obreht has a bright, bright future ahead of her. We travel with a young female doctor in the Balkans coping with the loss of her grandfather. The story switches between the grandfather's past and his granddaughter's search for closure. I'm not sure Magical Realism would be appropriate for the story as those aspects are hardly the point, but the story of the deathless man and tiger's wife definitely give you reason to push forward if the emotional story wasn't enough for you. Highly recommended.
These guys are almost at eye level from our balcony on the backside of our apartment. In the top middle image you can see our apartment complex on the left, the street between us, and the building being renovated.
9. Bake in oven at 180 degrees Celsius until the top is brown and golden.
Hidden Power
Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Therapeutics under Development by Companies 10
Muffins are quick and easy to make but usually best eaten on the day they are baked. So I got all the ingredients measured out and put on one side before going to bed. Then in the morning, in between taking Nick to the station for the 7.30am train and taking Lulu for her morning walk, I mixed them up and popped them in the oven.
Even though The Colonel had bought a lot that extended up to Seventh Street, the original hotel building didn’t go up that far. The north part of the lot had been occupied prior to 1928 by a service building that contained things like the kitchens, storage, and servants’ quarters.
It’s important to realize that being responsible for yourself in everyday life is the first step in public health and your personal health. Being aware of risks and taking the time to take the proper precautions is the key in staying well.
-About 11 tons of trash will be collected at the 24 fluid stations, much of it cardboard, plastic jugs and cups. The 24 station “captains” have more than 400 years of experience combined. Along the course, 137 bands (all vetted by New York Road Runners) will perform on dozens of stages. Runners can check their times on the 106 clocks on the course.
6. The House of Representatives found in respect of the 445,000 barrels a day, that the NNPC produced the following based on its 53% local refining capacity and 47% SWAP/Offshore arrangement;
“The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed–and hence, clamorous to be led to safety–by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.”
… and write myself a letter.
It may be all that hear
MPs from the ANC and opposition parties reacted angrily and said it was unacceptable that citizens were prosecuted for losing their private weapons while police officials got off scot-free.
Sori is just one of many women subject to torture and sexual violence in custody. In a recent report, the Asian Centre for Human Rights documented that four custodial deaths had occurred daily in India over the past decade. Those demanding medical attention for Sori fear the worst by the time she is granted a final hearing.
With that said, I am still going to be plugging our fundraisers, so READ BELOW!!!! :)
Very little of Margery's poetry was published in her lifetime, and none since. On the Opening of the Leeds and Bradford Railway was published in a local Bradford newspaper. However, she did arrange to have a volume of her poems -entitled Fallen Leaves- privately printed and she deposited the result at Bradford Central Library. It was borrowed only rarely, although when I was living in West Yorkshire in the 1980s I was lucky enough to come across across it by accident in the poetry section. I was quite interested in her at the time: I made photocopies of quite a lot of it. I was reminded of it all when I came across them in a cardboard box the other day when I was cleaning out the attic. Hopefully, thanks to the internet, it will now be possible to give her the readership she deserves. I intend to publish a number of her poems in a series of occasional posts.
“Excellent,” Wei rubbed his free hand on his cheek and then wrinkled his nose at the remaining smell from his damp socks. “We are working to locate the American headquarters. Once we have done so, may I reach you on this channel for further planning and tactics?”
And the quarks are invisible in opium frenzy
Happy Feet’s tracking device stopped transmitting several days ago, but Massey University Associate Professor John Cockrem says it’s highly likely the bird is still alive.
Zig said, “Bathing doesn’t either. That’s why I recommend it daily!”
and me unique
"Predators" is a movie that set out to return this venerable sci-fi action franchise to basics--after a decade of comic book and movie cross-overs with Fox's other killer alien property, the xenomorphic, acid-dripping Aliens. And it does a fantastic job of doing just that.
“Conner!” my grandmother calls.
Choosing a laptop can attract a hefty financial outlay, so when you are choosing, one factor you should have in mind is the lifespan of a laptop. You may find a great deal for a laptop but then have to buy a new one every year.
The Embassy put on a great 4th of July community celebration, complete with fireworks and patriotic tunes. I must admit, as the fireworks were going off over the city of Yerevan, and God Bless America was playing in the background, I got a little teary eyed! This being our first 4th of July abroad, it was definitely a day to remember!
I had to go to school early to pick the kids up because Oakley had another dr appt...she still cant breath through her nose...that's generally a problem I guess. :) So after an hour and a half with five kids at the doctors office, we headed out with steroid treatments, and we were off to my dads to wish him a QUICK Happy Birthday. It's about 5:30, and I had a preschool meeting at 7. So I hit my kids through the 1/2 price Happy Meal line at McDs, and head to my dad's in Eagle. I couldn't even give him his birthday present because it was stuck on our old hard drive from our computer crashing...so I showed up empty handed...
1 x Full Alpha
3. What are some of the ways you’ve marketed your book? Any tips for newcomers to the e-publishing world?
With 40% of google searches now being for local services and products and 92% of those people going on to buy that service or product, you can’t afford not to be marketing your local business online anymore.
Not too shabby, huh? The people that we dealt with at this park too, were among the nicest we’ve met anywhere. Great place!
What if you had something of value to offer them? What if you were a LEADER who actually had something of value to offer them? What if you sold yourself as a mentor, someone who knew what 95% of other network marketers did not know? Sounds better than chasing uncle bob doesn’t it? So at this point check MLSP out. You have nothing to lose but some time in exchange for some free training. Click Here and get a jump on your competition or befriend them and make it happen. Your Current and Future downline are dependent upon your knowledge, training and resources.
And yet the future beckons — we wondered how to keep in touch with the nephew in Afghanistan…he figured it out on his own…his weapon of choice? Facebook.
and erasing it with a chalkboard eraser.
The laughter filled their long hard days
Also recommended? Seven American craft brews that "are setting a new standard for the next generation of beer." These include:
Timeless Truth: Life is meaningless unless God is the center of one’s life (Ecclesiastes 1:1-11;2:1-26;12:1-14).
Some were subjected to harsh treatment by other inmates, who pushed their heads into the toilet bowl while assaulting them, while others had to surrender their food as fights broke out in the cells during meal times.
Bake them for 20 minutes per dozen then poke it with a tooth pick to see if they are done.
From Webster online: a: high or special regard
I don't know how old it is but it was made in the USA. Maybe this will jog some past trip memories for someone!
My outfit: Click the pic for outfit deets and the date I actually wore it.
On this day in 1975, Jim Kaat's twelve game winning streak screeches to a halt against the Orioles in a 3-2 loss in Baltimore.
It's pretty hard for me to pick a favorite piece in this room, but this one's a real contender. My mom and I (okay, mostly my mom) recovered this baby in about 2 hours, and I still can't get over how great it turned out. The oar side table is from Christmas Tree Shops, and the rug from World Market.
...that this is my third link-up of the week.
Though most people in Timor-Leste speak Tetum by adulthood, many have a tenuous grasp of the language during their first years of schooling.
“We’re also keen for students and other groups to consider working collectively on a NEOS project. For the last few years, we’ve been lucky enough to be home to the Knit Wits, a group of knitters led by VSA Trustee Rosy Wood, who come together for NEOS each September. The knitters covered the farm in multi-coloured woollen sheep last year and have already organised their 2012 designs. They’ve gone for a topical animal theme but to find out more, you’ll have to visit in September!”
Many people have authority over me, many people get to dictate the things that I do or say. I have made many people “lord” over me, but that is “lord” not “Lord.” Paul calls the individual to confess that Jesus is THE Lord. As in above every rule, every authority, every power. Jesus is the name that is above all names not only on Earth (in this age) but in heaven (in the one to come) cf. Eph 1:18ff.
Coming to you.
Ryan became utterly obsessed after the first bite, and asked me to make this again. I fell in love with the flavors even quicker. It tasted like bruschetta in sandwich form, but with the creamy, decadent, mozzarella embracing it every step along the way. Making this with sourdough was a good call (by accident, actually. I thought I grabbed wheat).
…During the 16th century, when the witch craze swept Europe, it was those areas with the best-developed inquisitions that stopped the hysteria in its tracks. In Spain and Italy, trained inquisitors investigated charges of witches’ sabbaths and baby roasting and found them to be baseless. Elsewhere, particularly in Germany, secular or religious courts burned witches by the thousands.
“In the last five years, contract costs have increased at nearly twice the rate of overall budget spending, reaching over ten billion in spent public funds,” said Council Member Letitia James. “The vast majority of these expenditures go towards personnel and professional service contracts, and there has been considerable evidence that some of these contracts are poorly-managed and lack needed oversight. I hope this legislation strengthens the Council’s commitment to contracts review, and the overall goal of cutting costs and identifying savings.”
So I liked church. I mean…really liked church. It was the center of much of my life and the place I met some of my closest friends. It was the place that provided a solid foundation for my faith, where I learned that—contrary to popular opinion—women could be (and were) ordained, not only as deacons but also as ministers, where everyone knew my name (a la Norm from Cheers).
In the records it will be found that Jeremiah the prophet ordered the deportees to take some of the fire with them as indicated, and that the prophet, in giving them the law, directed the deportees not to forget the commandments of the Lord or be led astray in their thoughts, when seeing the gold and silver idols and their adornments.a
You can be sure there will be stories and photos when I'm home again. Now, I'm off to pack!
The two men to her left share a glance before the closest one leans over. "They're warming up."
I’ve generally kept an active lifestyle. From elementary school through the first half of high school, I was a competitive gymnast. (And for the record, gymnastics didn’t cause my ED; my coach was the first to pick up on it and the first to urge me to get help.) In college, I started learning US Yoshukai Karate and started competing at tournaments around the Southeast. I did have to take a five-year break from most physical activity due to back pain so bad I could hardly stand for more than 30 minutes per day, but that has been successfully treated. Now I walk almost everywhere I go–appointments, pharmacy, grocery shopping, knitting group–and take a kung fu class three times a week.
Bruno said she needs to be more precise and have more control. Carrie Ann commented on how confident she’s becoming, but agreed with Bruno about the lack of control. Len said there were some excellent good parts and other parts that were not so good.
A Pocket Cloud, complete with silver lining - $18
I was in an area where I was not familiar, but there were homes, apartments, and cars parked in driveways-nothing too special, EXCEPT, the clouds in the sky were forming words. One cloud formed into my name, as if to say, “Yes, We see you. We hear you. We know what are enduring!” I suddenly felt a sense of comfort and encouragement, even though I still did not receive a definite answer to my question. I also sensed that everything was going to be fine. Then, just as quickly as I saw my name, the cloud re-formed into a typical cloud in the sky. As I continued to look all around me, clouds were forming into words, but there were too many and they were so quick, that I could not read all the words! Then, my eyes were led to the windows of the homes around me. In each home, I could see people sitting in front of their televisions and computers. I thought to myself…”How mind-numbing! And I am just as guilty, because I sit in front of the television and computer just like everyone else here!” I thought, “But why the televisions and computers? Why show me this” Then, I realized that some people I know-including myself-tend to do just that! When we get frustrated and exasperated with life, we tend to withdraw from the world around us and do things that are more “mind-numbing” so we can forget our troubles for a while….Shortly after, I heard a very quiet voice telling me to “Go and spend more time outside.” I felt that the message was not just saying “go outside” per say-but to get “out there” with nature and people, make more connections, be more active, take part in what’s positive not negative, be what you are supposed to be. Return to self.
WE ARE TO PRAISE GOD BECAUSE OF:
And yet more from Maggies Notebook about Jaime Zapata’s murder at the hands of more guns…does anyone remember some time ago when Mexican officials were claiming that US guns were making their way into their country?
Other: Inkido- klart embossingpulver
The auditor-general's report notes that "the extent of investigations commissioned suggests a control environment where fraud and financial misconduct are not prevented".
Sixteen-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives alone with her mother and younger sister, regards it as a death sentence when she steps forward to take her sister's place in the Games. But Katniss has been close to dead before—and survival, for her, is second nature. Without really meaning to, she becomes a contender. But if she is to win, she will have to start making choices that will weigh survival against humanity and life against love.
The Letter A
The story also notes that New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo convened a meeting March 12, bringing together state health department officials and haredi leaders. Cuomo’s liaison to the Jewish community, Emily Saltzman, referred the Forward’s questions about the meeting to his press office, which did not respond to multiple messages.
Such unusual gestures are as typical of Miles as they are atypical of most performing artists; they come as a surprise only to those who know the enigmatic trumpet player from a distance. Since his first appearance on the music scene some twenty-six years ago, Miles Davis has ben the subject of controversy; endearing with his music, offending with his personality. That is to say, his personality as it is most commonly interpreted, for the forbidding mask of hostility that in many minds characterizes Miles is just that: an image fostered by his own, deliberate lack of showmanship, and sculptured by reporters who have failed to recognize a serious artist at work. We don’t, after all, expect Rostropovich or Casadesus to warm up their audiences with small talk, and Miles Davis is as serious about his music as were Brahms and Schubert.
(2 Chronicles 19:5-7 (NIV))
* If you earned more than 1 envelope, you may open all the envelopes with our staff and pick the prize you prefer.
Let it sit there like a glowing light in the dark waiting for you to bask in it.
The library updates and you realize you have lost your collection of 100 million songs. You’ve lost your entire library alongside your most valuables – those original bootlegged recordings of Martha Wainwright singing a soul-rousing rendition of “Non, Je Ne Regrette Rien” and in that moment, you regret. You regret everything.
Next step, again using my sander and 150 grit paper, I sanded again, paying close attention to the corners and edges. The trick is to get those areas to really look worn down. (Do not sand off all the stain, you just want to distress it a little by removing some of it.) And then again with 220 grit to get everything nice and smooth. Wipe down with another clean dry rag to remove every last bit of sanding dust. Then I took another clean, dry rag and used Minwax Paste Finishing Wax in Natural to wax each board. Then wipe to a nice smooth finish. It will be so smooth and lovely.
“In the month of July 2007, I was sad in my husband’s, best friend’s, parents’ presence, and so they asked me, ‘Why does your face look so sad when you are not really sick (no brain tumors)? You must be sad in your heart.’ I was very afraid, but I said to them, ‘I love you dearly! And why should I not be sad when the other half of my family (my ancestors) are missing, hidden from me, and my heart is heavy because I feel lost.’”
5. command strips — i never really knew about these things until college, because the housing department was so adamant about not nailing holes into their building’s walls in order to hang your beloved justin beiber poster. command strips are awesome! i actually used them to display my travel photography show in a hair salon that was all stucco and concrete, and they stayed strong for the 6 months they were displayed! easy cleanup, no holes, and they are great for people who like to hang galleries in their homes without having to make calculations! all you need is a little level! do i sound like i’ve done this before? if you are asking, then yes, i have.
When a person uses deep consciousness to affect the world around them, they are exerting active consciousness.
I try my best not to trivialize their fears or mortifications. Although they sometimes seem meaningless in our adult world, they are very real in their world! I try to address the fears and try to find an answer (operative word here being TRY)! We do the usual catching the nightmares in a box and emptying it outside, opening closet doors and checking under beds to make sure no errant monster is lurking. When all fails, we sing praises of the monsters and talk about how adorable they are. Who doesn’t love Elmo and Grover? So I dealt with this fear the usual way – talked, reassured! Unfortunately, the fear of monsters are slowly but steadily giving way to fears of more tangible things in life, like poverty, divorces, animal cruelty, abuse, and finally, the huge mystery of death. Ryan is slowly becoming cognizant of the fact that there is a lot of sadness juxtaposed with the happiness in this world. In life, there are a lot of uncertainties, lot of insecurities. He is looking around him and he is not seeing a bed of roses. This loss of innocence is inevitable, I know. I cannot save him from this, probably shouldn’t try to either. But what I can and will do is assure him that his dad and I will try our best to be anchors in his life, TRY our best to keep the real sadness at bay for him. We will do everything in our power to give him a rose garden, but still there will be those occasional thorns in his path. We will hold his hand and help him bypass those, on his way to the grown up world, till he himself is ready to let go of our fingers.
Problem is, I do not have a jointer plane that can be used for step two. The wooden one that I made is set up for fine shavings along the edge of a board. I don't have time to make a new one, nor do I wish to part with more money having spent a chunk of change on lumber for my workbench.
Burp cloths:
"He must ensure that investigating officers responsible for these cases are summarily disciplined and that new investigators are placed on these cases."
Duarte appears to defend the Zuma's legal action and his large damages claim.
Feeling peace of heart and mind is love. The quiet thrill of seeing a sunset or hearing a songbird is love, and a smile is one of the simplest and most radiating expressions of love.
It is important to make sure the game is compatible with RC devices because while trying out the old versions of the games, as quite a few of the games could not support it.
In a large iron pot bring water to a boil. Add washed stones, salt, pepper, carrots, cabbage, beef, potatoes and barley. Add optional beef bullion if desired. Cook until veggies and barley are tender. Add milk just before serving.
after a big day, dreaming about tomorrow!
I am so excited about this. 4 years is a milestone in more ways than one.
There are a number of options you might consider such as computer training, presentation skills training, project management training, financial management training and assertiveness training just to name a few. If you can think of something about yourself that you'd like to improve, you can probably quickly find a course or some sort of training to take. Plus, taking training courses - especially if your employer pays for it - is a great way to keep active and network with others who might help your career.
Closed Captioned: Yes
Q: Having to (film) concurrently with the ongoing of the tour must have been quite hard?
“Sorry about that, Danny, but in fact for the time being I’ve given up DJ-ing entirely. Now, it’s all down to horror films…”
I say “It was going great until I realized my favorite chocolate isn’t on sale!” I added sad eyes and a frown.
Jim Murray's 2011 Whisky Bible is available for preorder. Now in its eighth year, the Whisky Bible is a massive compendium of whisky tastings. Murray rates whiskies of all types from all over the world. Now, I personally think Murray's ratings are pretty much useless, but it's a very thorough listing of current releases and it's always interesting to see what he thinks. More importantly, Murray is a great writer, and the articles in the front of the book, and prefacing each section, are usually worth the price alone.
On the negative side, he tends to think he already knows everything. Trust me... he doesn't. He tests us lately, staying up too long, sleeping late, and grumbling when asked to do chores.
Day 8: (Platelets 53,000)
Fact #18: E = Sara Lomas.
So I straight away shake my head without saying anything,
“We want Singapore to be a competitive economy and an inclusive society, where the benefits of growth are distributed fairly and widely. We want this to remain a vibrant land of opportunity which continues to attract investors and which helps Singaporeans to create a brighter future for ourselves.” – Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong
1. God's Amazing Love that stretches infinitely before and beyond time.
It was a great evening, marred only by my mobile - I'd left the children home alone, as the eldest is capable of earning good money babysitting other people's kids and therefore has to do the odd freebie for me, all well and good until the babysitter goes to bed...which he had done (it was mid week afterall) and then the stupid dog got confused (not the sharpest knife in the drawer is our Logan, although if there was a crumb of food in said drawer he'd find it) everyone had gone to bed but he hadn't been out for his snack & a wee**. So the stupid beast had woken Jas by barking (Ben slept on, oblivious) and Jas upset and confused rang me. In retrospect it was probably a good job I was called away from Lulu's, the 3 (large) glasses of wine I consumed seemed like such a good idea at the time, but the following morning I had to suffer through 90 minutes of tortuous pilates and then a further equally painful 90 minutes of German - I think it's fair to say that it was not one of my better lessons, there were moments when I couldn't even remember the English words for what I wanted to say, let alone the German.
I expect your honest review once it's stood the test of time Heidi, k?
I'm mostly angry with myself though. That I could turn into this person. The 24 year old me would kick my ass if she could see me today.
There is so much we need to do, baby things to buy, lists of names to make, beds to buy, a house full of clutter to sort through and tidy and a damp/mould problem on one wall of the house to get to the bottom of, before the baby is even allowed to arrive! I think I'll start with a cup of tea, a sit down and make a list!
July 7 New York, NY Yankee Stadium
He says "On 3rd March 2011, I am participating in Vertical Rush - it's a race to the top of Tower 42 in the City of London - up the stairs - all 183 metres of them! I'm doing it in order to do something difficult and to raise funds for Shelter."
And run he did, right that very moment, to whatever was waiting for him not-here ♥
Row 6- ch1, turn, sc in each sc.
1 tablespoon finely minced rosemary
Thank you all for sharing God’s word with me. We are all growing together in love, acceptance and forgiveness. This blog is not about me, or popularity. It’s not about if you respond or not. It’s about receiving a word for your life or perhaps to help someone else. If it’s meant for you then it would be for you. More importantly it’s for spiritual growth and maturity for myself. It’s about unity in Christ. It’s about Love. Its about standing in truth and seeking Christ, so they we may be worthy to stand before Him and inherit eternal life. Glory to you Father for dying for my sins and all others too. My god given gifts is to glorify your name, not for fortune and fame. Denying myself for your glory. Trying to tell others of your story. A price paid for our sins that goes unspoken or unoticed to some.
Of course, later that night Hex learns that Smith is a horrendous snorer and Smith learns that Hex won't put up with it. Smith finds himself out in the hall and eventually ends up at the livery. The livery owner says he'll charge Smith the same rate as a horse and then they walk past the bodies of the Price boys. The owner says that since Smith saw the bodies, he'll have to charge him a nickel as well. Smith replies to put it on Hex's tab.
If you are a new reader to my blog, I recommend catching up in the "testimony" posts.
It is very rare that I will watch TV. Even rarer that I’ll actually start watching a series. I generally watch one episode and just never get round to the rest. So I’ve seen one episode of The Wire, one episode of 24 and one of The Sopranos, possibly 2 of Lost but you get the idea. I have a few notable exceptions. All have no more than 6 programmes in a series and were either on BBC iPlayer or 4OD so that they’re both digestible and can be fitted into a relatively sporadic lifestyle. All happen to be British as well but that’s probably just a semi-interesting aside.
9) Aria from Under the Never Sky by Rossi
By defining worship as a noun (person, place, thing, or idea), Webster is indicating that the word has physical properties, parameters, substance — belonging.
Those who know me, know that I am trying to follow a “Free Range” type of parenting style. I am striving to give my children the kind of childhood that my husband and I had growing up. I want them to grow, to explore their world, to gain confidence and independence. I want them to know that mom and dad are here, always, but that they are strong, capable, and able to do so much. To do this, I have to be willing to let them try new things, to explore their world, and yes, even fall down and get dirty or *gasp* hurt a little bit!
The Crucible is impossible to complete unless every race in the galaxy works together. By completing the Crucible we have proven to the Reapers that, in the words of the Catalyst, the solution will no longer work. “The fact that you are standing here, the first organic ever, proves it.” Chaos can coexist with order, synthetics can get along with organics. Because of Shepard, we’ve succeeded and earned the right to choose our own fate.
26 Rudy Wants To Buy Yez A Drink 2:46
* What’s next for Philip Reeve? Can you tell us about any new or upcoming projects?
That’s Mount Hermon in the background! In the extreme northeast of Israel (the “Golan Heights”), Mount Hermon with its 2,814-meter peak is the country’s highest point (and the only mountain with ski slopes…)
She looked at the "dimes" and "nickels" and said: "We don't take those small coins here. You can't pay with those. Spend them elsewhere." She would accept the twenty-five cent coins, however, and some dollar coins. It didn't matter, but it was confusing. Earlier, I had paid for some metro tickets with old Canadian five-dollar bills from the same stash of money and caused some astonishment. The ticket-seller in the booth down in the metro must have been all of 25 years old. He looked at the banknotes which were probably older than he was and proclaimed them "relics" — he said I should hold onto such old bills because they might be valuable.
Long live Islam, long live Islam.
That fourth notecard will star the remaining girls,
“It has healing properties,” said Joe.
Dead Skunk...Louden Wainwright III
Everything else is still in the works. The brewery is in it's infancy. I have the domain, and most of the logo. The website still needs work, but I have a plan. I'm working on raising the capital to get it going. That street looks good. I'll know more in the coming months. So stay tuned for that.
I hope that you enjoy the book and tell me what you thought of it. Hope to hear from you.
The work itself has been great, I’ve become excited about law and about commercial property again, just like I used to be once upon a time. I’ve been working mainly on completion and post completion steps of leases. I have been told I’ve been getting on well and they’ve been pleased with the work I’ve turned out. I have had to keep going back to them about things – but it’s all procedural stuff and hopefully won’t take me too long to get the hang of it.
The Cuban Five were arrested and given harsh and unjust sentences for
Keeping it "old school" I prepared fresh, homemade Potato Latkes (Potato Pancakes) for family and friends this past December for the holiday of Chanukah (or Hannukah). Using a traditional recipe from my well-used cookbook (btw those are the best recipes coming from a worn-out cookbook) I had an extra challenge: make Gluten-free Potato Pancakes! No problem since I enjoy several Gluten-free products and know where the very large supply of Gluten-free products are in my market.
During the first visit by an American defense secretary to the country in seven years, Mr. Panetta used a speech at Superior War College here to focus on smoothing a sometimes thorny relationship and promoting American weapons sales.
By then, with any hope, he’ll be beyond the help of more reasonable men and be enthralled by a day like half past August.
The snow was gone by Monday and we were OK with that! On Tuesday while walking to the car after school, Aiden noticed a snow drift. "Look Mommy, It "sowed"" I guess he wasn't quite ready for it to melt away yet!!!
On Thursday, both sides argued the issue before the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, which is expected to issue an opinion in the near
08. Jack Of All Trades
Sincerely, a NYC public school teacher,
03 Rome - Beware Soul Snatchers (Black Nosed Buddha Mix) (5:07)
My little cottage had been vacant for quite sometime before I moved in; and apparently it’s porch had been a frequent pit-stop for transients and vagrants. My second night here, I surprised one gentleman in the middle of loosening his pants with, “Please don’t pee on my porch”, through the window! He left pretty quickly, and I hoped that was the end of it, until Sunday morning I woke up to find trash and salsa all over my porch from someone’s feast… along with a trail of eager ants!
The Former Trojan of Mount Parnassos
Look at what you do to fulfill the needs of others as it will likely make a difference in what and how you do what you do and in the way you describe and explain what you do.
This is a government that came into power on all things Calder Hart….indeed Anand Ramlogan (remember him? the AG?) had staked his reputation as our AG on getting both Calder Hart and Parick Manning locked up for corruption. It stands to reason then that upon coming into office all contracts Trinidad and Tobago had with Calder Hart or any of his companies would have been suspended pending investigations. Especially when you realise that the Govt of Trinidad and Tobago actually losing $$$ on the deal with Sunway Construction.
They have gelled this season. The players all seem to have confidence in one another and they are playing really solid basketball for a number of reasons. One of those reasons is Jrue Holiday.
put our feet up on while reading!
All is not doom and gloom, however. Nature, with its wonderful tendency to restore equilibrium, provides us humans the cure to almost any affliction we might develop. Ancient healers even believed that nature helped humans discover the cure to their illnesses in subtle and mysterious ways:
We said to God, “What do you want to do?” It seemed like God just led us here.
Holy time, healing news
Enjoy the weekend!
freemen shall stand
I love my DVs from last year (check them out here) and have been sold on the line. The gold accents are so pretty. I've tried these on in person and they're the perfect flat.
Marcie is easy to identify with. When it is discovered that her father has been cheating--with another man--Marcie's mother takes Marcie and flees to their summerhouse in New Hampshire. Marcie's mother has always flirted with depression, and now that her family is falling apart, she finds herself unable to function properly. Marcie is alone and must function as the parent, doing errands such as grocery-shopping and running to the laundromat. On top of that, her mother refuses to return to Idaho at summer's end, which means Marcie has to start at a new school, thousands of miles away from her boyfriend and her friends The Leftovers. Anyone who's ever been uprooted and forced to move (as well as those who haven't!) will emphasize as Marcie attempts to fit in all over again. She questions whether her boyfriend back home could also be gay since he never attempted to go further than first base with her and slowly forms a new relationship with a local boy...even though she never breaks up with her boyfriend. (But this is handled in such a way that you never hate Marcie, unlike many books with similar situations.) When her mother discovers that she's seeing someone, she calls her ex-husband, who comes and takes Marcie back to Idaho. Marcie's life is ripped apart all over again. There are consequences to her actions from her time in New Hampshire, and Marcie no longer completely fits into her old life.
Hundreds of thousands of Afrikaners have fled South Africa, like I have with my family, or have died at the bullets and blades of the merciless mob. Unless the world stands up for the Afrikaners soon, there will be none left.
So what do you think of Blogger's new CAPTCHA techniques? Those are the fuzzy words that must be deciphered and retyped when you want to leave a comment. I've used this tool for years to keep out robo-spam comments. It's always been a lesser evil for me, but the new version is difficult even for humans.
But not even getting her siblings to kill themselves did not satiate the incredible passion in her heart. For she had fallen victim to the arrow of Cupid like Cupid himself when he first met Psyche. So she began her wanderings, looking everywhere for her true love, but to no avail. At some point in her meanderings, she came across a temple that was in terrible condition.
Kay also pointed out the university’s master plan guideline has a 30-metre naturalized buffer between Ancaster Creek and the parked cars, but that’s not the case now.
I have great friends who make me laugh.
In between phone calls and helping Hubby with his computer business and being a mom and.... , I've been making seed tapes. You can find tutorials for how to do them everywhere these days. What it comes down to is some kind of flimsy, easily broken down paper, glue of some kind and seeds. I prefer tp, elmers and just about any tiny seed.
By the mid-1990s, such figures looked quaint: a third of Americans were born outside marriage. Congress, largely blaming welfare, imposed tough restrictions. Now the figure is 41 percent — and 53 percent for children born to women under 30, according to Child Trends, which analyzed 2009 data from the National Center for Health Statistics.
The latter, on the other hand, insists that the value of the book lies in its overall theme of unity and ethnic integration.
Step one: Buy a really ugly large print on clearance at Michael's or some other craft mecca. This one is 24x36. Large. And freakishly ugly. Unless black and white abstract leaves are your thing. In that case, never mind. You go back to enjoying your colorless, boring life full of leaves. And I'll try to stop judging you.
I get the impression that Barton Fink is a film that needs to be watched on more than one occasion to truly enjoy this work of art, but unfortunately this is the first time I have watched it and, whilst I now know what to look out for in repeated viewings, I was getting bored watching it.I do plan on watching it again and maybe I will change my opinion of the first half of the film as it is this that I feel lets Barton Fink down.
So what does Cele do? He organises a raid of the Public Protector’s office by his crime “intelligence” unit. Sounds like Zuma telling the world that the National Prosecuting Authority reports to him, during his corruption trial. And demanding respect as president.
It seems like a good idea on the outside, in the same way it did to John Milton about 500 years ago: Epics are cool--especially Greek epics--so why not write something just as dramatic as The Iliad or The Odyssey, only make it better because it's about "real" magic--God.
Next up, Versa, the puntastic weissbier. It comes out a lovely, almost red, shade of gold and only slightly hazy given the style. At 5% ABV it's on the weak side, and offers very little other than wateriness on the nose. What it loses in welly, however, it gains in drinkability. No overpowering banana esters or other heavy flavours. Instead it's mildly zesty with an easy-going sherbet effervesence rather than full-on fizz.
We're excited to be a part of a group called Families with Children from China. The kick off event is coming up quickly and we're thrilled to be joining our friends we traveled with and meet many other families who understand what this whole things is like! Fall is shaping up to be a busy time. I'm starting a university course tonight... it'll be mommy's evening out! We'll be attending a preschool program once a week, and we're waiting to find out about swimming lessons. There's a drop in preschool program that we're interested in as well. Jacob is sure to make even more friends, but we're hoping that we'll be able to see some of our current friends as well, for lunch dates and play dates.
Fry chicken in the hot oil for about 5 minutes per side, or until the chicken is cooked through and juices run clear. Remove from the oil with a slotted spatula, and serve.
As everyone was packing up to leave, we were waiting for the shuttle van to come back and take us to where we were picked up. But it never came back. Cousin Eddie said they'd drive us to our car. The only problem was that it was approaching closing time and everything was on lockdown and my car was on the opposite side of the fairgrounds. After driving around the fair a few times and trying every entrance, we finally decided to jump out of the car at a red light and just walk from one of the exits. We didn't want Eddie to have to "make a call" to get us to our car. Next time we will have to stop being groupies at a decent time to get back before everything closes!
I’ll be blogging at the brand new Girlfriend’s Book Club on Thursday, September 2nd—there is a new post by a terrific author every day, so add this one to your list of daily reads.
Growing up, there was always a baked good of some kind on the kitchen counter for us to enjoy throughout the week...a little gift of love and yum from Mom that we could always count on. It was the best. Always a little something special in our lunch box, always a little something special to share with our friends after school, and always a little something to get excited about enjoying as a special treat. Her sugar cookies were well loved and usually around more often during holidays. They have been baby shower favors, wedding favors, and special gifts to friends. These doggone cookies are a part of our family, and a super sweet gift that Mom has given us time and time again. My Mom never ceases to amaze me with her generosity. She is always offering to help us, always encouraging us, always excited to share life's adventures with us...she is the Energizer Bunny that keeps our family running!
The left panel has a length of ruler ribbon attached (thanks Lee!) to provide a space for a couple of tags to be inserted. The "little birdie" sentiment is overstamped in black archival ink, and the binoculars stamped onto separate cardtsock, coloured, cut out, shaped and adhered with Pinflair for a little extra dimension.
The CIA has been called the military wing of the CFR; and actually that is not too far from the truth. The CFR was in its heyday from 1950-1990.
Hoping that this site will be a source of inspiration if you have young children and live in, or near, Basingstoke. Please subscribe in the email "sign me-up" box (to the right) by adding your email address. You will receive regular updates which will have information relevant to parenting in and around Basingstoke.
The poor stay poor, the rich get rich
Have a wonderful day@
This REALLY grinds my gears. If you aren't prepared to tell the whole story, don't say anything at all! Or if you do, expect a bitch-slap.
Why Police Are Afraid To Tackle Asian Crime; Scottish Daily Mail
Let me know what you think wordpressians, much appreciated.
come from the Jews rejecting Him….
So my blogging is becoming more and more sporadic. Is that how it will always be? Or will I settle into a rhythm and start thinking and reflecting again?
Through her writing, Rich explored topics such as women’s rights, racism, sexuality, economic justice and love between women.
in graves where the wind whistles a wild song
If you are feeling any shred of guilt over any part of mommyhood, say it aloud, with me.
T - Taiwan, Thailand, Trinidad And Tobago, Turks And Caicos Islands
Fareda: I can’t wash it off. It takes two days before this kind of paint washes off.
When God gets ready to move, He takes those who are willing and have prepared themselves as holy, pure vessels.
I then went off on a vitriolic tirade where I called her not-so-generous names such as "a mind-fucker," "cock tease" and "bitch." I had never yelled at a girl previously; with the exception of my mother whenever she grounded me or my sister for unplugging my video games. After I was done assuring that every girl in her hall thought of me as a misogynistic dickhead, I slammed the door and stormed out. I felt concurrently jilted and aggrandized. This feeling lingered until I realized I had left my favorite jacket in her room.
Team Blake sings Heartache Tonight by The Eagles. Out all of the team members singing Jermaine was the best. Hands down. Though Jordis sounded much better than she did earlier tonight.
Whatever the reasons for Venky’s actions to date, they must begin to listen to the fans – who pay their money week in, week out, season after season – and urgently communicate their intentions, vision and strategy for the club.
We’ll hope that you’ll be kind
5. (a) Draw the explain the block diagram of OPSK transmitter.
We dug, and we dug, and we dug! After what seemed like a week, we had excavated maybe one fourth of this massive root! The flock literally tried everything we knew to kill off this plant. As a last resort, we snuck into the Garden Center and made off with a bottle of something that is designed to kill stumps! Mel borrowed a large drill from the shop guys here at Hillermann’s and we drilled many holes in the gigantic root! Into these holes we poured this stump killing formula and then we waited. It took weeks, but at long last, the leaves keeled over and the massive horseradish was pronounced eradicated!
9) Richard Hell and the Voidoids -- Blank Generation: NO
This really got my hackles up because I think she is stunning, not only has she got a beautiful face, she's got a cracking body and a great pair of legs. I read in Grazia recently that we're moving away from the' skinny body' to the new 'soft body' with women like Kim Kardashian becoming inspirations and even the former super skinny minny Nicole Ritchie showing more curves these days.
Tuesday Tasting is a regular feature of Lyke2Drink that explores some of the best beers, wines and spirits on the market. This week we sample "the white church."
I shook off my quasi-hangover and/or stubbornly ignored the cold that has been threatening me for days and spent yesterday out in the beautiful weather.
For kicks I used the SmartPak Wizard to get an idea of what Pirate would need. Dear god. You can choose from different levels of "support", and even the cheapest one doesn't come cheap. I don't doubt that its a good thing for you horse, but how can anyone afford that? The "comprehensive support option" for him was over $200. Per month! Thats half a month of board up here.
We Are the Beautiful
I found them. And it was lovely. I had to walk up a mountain or two to get to them, but hey, no surprise there! I’d be surprised if there wasn’t a mountain I had to hike. I would be worried that I wasn’t in Granada anymore. Haha.
Listen to Moses’ response: “Because the people come to me to seek God’s will.” What was painfully obvious to Jethro wasn’t obvious to Moses at all. It’s like he says, “That’s just how we roll here. There are a lot of needs, and people come to me looking for help. I just stay at it and work until everyone gets an answer.” Sometimes we are so accustomed to doing things one way that we can’t see how broken the system really is.
Heat up wok and put in a little vegetable oil. Sautéed garlic and ginger until fragrant. Put in the carrot, broccoli and snow peas. Stir fry for a while. Add the vegetarian oyster sauce, salt, sesame oil and Chinese Cooking wine. Add a little water and then thicken the gravy with corn flour water mixture. Serve with white rice.
While all parties to the insurance transaction would benefit from the use of existing technology, it is the company that would benefit the most. By creating a virtual online company, almost all of the agency’s paperwork, manual processing and snail mail would be eliminated. Productivity would expand by quantum levels, costs would be drastically reduced and, maybe most important of all, the agent’s credibility with the customer would be significantly improved.
In late March the Omaha City Council held a public hearing concerning an amendment to their anti-discrimination ordinance to add protections for sexual orientation and gender identity. The law already provides protection from discrimination based on race, gender, age, religion, and disability. Brown attended the hearing and voiced his opposition to the amendment.
It's been a strange month. It feels like the time has gone so fast, and that I haven't done that many outfits out of the capsule. I only have 4 more days left for outfits and there are lots of items I only wore once.
We send you joy, peace, and good will toward others no matter what your faith is..
That was so long time for just the two of us
I will continue to run with you and for you. Please watch over me as I train again this spring, and guide me through to another momentous race, but maybe this time without the achilles injury. :)
What's the difference? I asked her. Why can't I just keep using the protein powder I've been buying from Target? Here is the difference...this is the nutrition equivalent you get in one shake...
Burgundy trim from JoAnns
Since I last posted, I compiled a list of ALL our ideas together! This was extremely helpful in me adding to my original list and determining all of the categories that would be most beneficial to our family! Here is what we came up with as a group of category ideas:
1) Whisk cold milk and instant custard at max speed till thicken
Any questions please ask and bear with me if I'm a little late in replying as I'm spending more time at the sewing machine than the computer.
She also taught me to be interested and adventurous. She and my dad travel together and apart. When she was working, she thought nothing of going on business trips by herself and sought out fun sights wherever she was. Once when she was on a trip to Buffalo, she talked a security guard into letting her into Rich Stadium where the Bills play. For a few minutes, she had the stadium to herself. She and I often took little road trips together, mostly to San Francisco for Giants games. One time one of our trips became the “trip from hell” as my 64 1/2 Mustang burned through a transmission line, and we lost all of our transmission fluid in South SF in the evening. This was not good. We were in a very seedy neighborhood before the days when people had to be surgically removed from their cell phones. She climbed over a wall of bums to reach to reach a pay phone to call AAA as I watched nervously from the car. After waiting 45 minutes, we watched our tow truck pass by us never to return. She made the climb again. Finally we got our tow-truck. A couple of days later when we returned home (after missing our first Giants game for being stuck in the ghetto, walking into our hotel room to find a plunger in the toilet with a sign that read, “Sorry Not Working”, realizing it was Kids’ Day at the Giants vs. Rockies game and being surrounded by cotton-candy infused kids who kept kicking the backs of our seats while screaming “BARRY! BARRY!”) one of my tires blew out on Pacheco Pass. My mom got out the jack and proceeded to change the tire as cars whizzed by us and honked. My job was to flip everybody off. Our motto for this trip was “we’re survivors, not victims!”. My mom didn’t get distraught, cry, or bemoan our fate. We laughed, drank Bartles and James Long Island Iced Teas from our cooler (it was the 90s– we quickly moved on to Zima). Instead of a disaster, it became a funny story and transformed us into cell phone owners.
Do you like what you read? Leave a comment!
Our second daughter developed a lump under her chin in the recent past. This is actually the second time in the half year. My husband and I have been busy with this issue in the past few days and it looks like we might get busier in the next few days. Our second one is doing just fine despite the growing lump. She has no idea what’s going on, which I find a blessing. My husband and I had to make some decisions. We decide to do something, then we question ourselves if we’re making the right decision or not. I feel pretty confident that everything will go well. At the same time, there are always unknowns. Parenting is not for the faint of heart.
The answer is clear, my dear love, don’t you see?
So is a minimum wage worth it? If you take a utilitarian approach it defiantly is not. Minimum wage deflates the dollar, and causes unemployment, and is unnecessary. Another question to consider is to whom does the minimum wage hurt the most? If I was a business owner and the minimum wage was installed and I knew I was going to need to make cuts, I would fire the least productive workers first. I mean that would makes sense. The most productive workers will keep their jobs, perhaps even with higher pay to compensate for the extra work. Meanwhile, the lesser-skilled workers will be unemployed. The unintended consequence of the situation is that most people who support a minimum wage are hoping to help out the workers at the bottom, when in reality, a higher minimum wage could very well put those workers out of a job.
Her name is Julia, and she has the lead role in an Obama 2012 slide show that follows what’s supposed to be an American everywoman from childhood into retirement, tracking everything the Obama White House’s policies would do for her and everything the “Romney/Ryan” Republicans would not. The list of Obama-bestowed benefits includes Head Start when Julia’s a tyke, tax credits and Pell grants to carry her through college and low-interest loan repayment afterward, guaranteed birth control when she’s a 20-something and government-sponsored loans when she wants to start a business, all of it culminating in a stress-free retirement underwritten by Medicare and Social Security.
Of course you have to have a somewhat tweaked sense of humor to achieve proper idiot style laughing like I do, but even those of you without the benefit of a funny bone will enjoy some of them.
In another bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, nutmeg and cinnamon. Combine the banana mixture with
1/2 ts. of cloves
The number of the UN observers will increase to 300 by the end of next month. They will be on mission in Syria in the next 90 days.
This next photo is the view I woke up to this morning,sorry about the telephone cable running across the shot.
Beautiful.
I recently read an article that someone tweeted. Read it so that you get the whole picture! You can find it here.
What would I like to see our schools teach about religion? Respect for diversity would top my list. Teach our children about the wide variety of faiths and systems of value that our diverse population hold, and to respect other beliefs and non-beliefs. Let them read a variety of religious texts, for poetry and beauty rather than dogma.
at dinner with the wiatches (labusha, red...) earlier this week and the subject of orgasms came up. see, i've found that i'm pretty lucky in how my physiology's set up - i orgasm pretty easily and can hit a happy note with penetrative sex sans manual stimulation. ie, missionary isn't as dull for me as most.
After saving the life of his employer, Jagjit Singh alias JJ (Anupam Kher), Harikishan (Anil Kapoor) is promoted with a wage increase that he had only dreamt of. Anxious to please his employer Harikishan agrees to have his name changed to Harry, and does anything that he is instructed to do. Soon Harry realises that he has been aiding his employer in illegal activities. When he tries to break away, he is told that his mom (Asha Sharma) is and will be held captive to guarantee his cooperation. Harry must now come up with a scheme that will guarantee his safety as well as the freedom of his mom, and at the same time save himself from being arrested by the police. (source)
I mean… Golda Meir – she was a Jew, the Israeli Prime Minister – and she titled her autobiography My Life… you have to admire her for having a sense of humour. Yasser Arafat did not look like he sat at home and watched Monty Python’s Flying Circus on TV. Golda Meir might have watched The Benny Hill Show.
All that said, despite the pressure under which we both put ourselves at this time of year, it’s got to be said that, when we’re serious about a resolution, P and I are pretty darn good at getting it done. Hence when last year we vowed to rid ourselves of debt by the end of 2011, we doggedly knuckled down, tightened the purse strings and had it done it by April. Not to be outdone, then, I figured that – with my post-chemo steroids keeping me not just moodily moon-faced and fumingly fluid-retentive but also wide awake at many an unsociable hour – I might as well make the most of my crabby sleeplessness by turning irritability into action, saving P a job and me a nagging session by commencing the document that neither of us wanted to begin.
that I have finished my project and the
Note: Remember that homemade soap should cure for at least 2 weeks before using, so if you make it last minute, be sure to tell the recipient what date the soap can be used.
This is the first quilt that I finished. Heather Bailey really started my love for fabrics and quilting with her Freshcut collection. It really was a big quilt to make for my first project, but it's one of those quilts that still gets used every fall. It seems to get softer and more comfortable with age! I remember trying to read online as much as I could about quilting and how to make a quilt. I found a video on YouTube that showed you how to baste a quilt. I ended up basting this one with thread and rolling it up on a long board to keep everything straight. It's a bit different than how I do things today, but the quilt did turn out really nice and it was really easy to quilt it that way.
“You can’t bring that word in!”
Why aren’t they addressing these questions? Even within Umno there is already discord over this matter. That means even to them, this issue is indefensible.
As for me, I’m starting it today and will finish within 30 days. Follow me on Pinterest here if you like! Wish me luck!!! Oh and just in case, this is not sponsored by Pinterest or anyone else for that matter.
Let this spell last forever
You can find two simple kinds of RC vehicles  electric powered as well as nitro driven. To start with, you can purchase the actual electric powered radio control vehicle as it is easier to run. However , blemishes and also accidents wouldnt bother a person a lot since cars are generally relatively less expensive. While, the nitro run RC vehicles are very effective and has higher speed. A high level00 beginner, choosing this in the very first purchase is not advised. While you get continual, you are able to certainly buy this particular.
There are things in me that are so tainted, so poisoned and violent, and I’ve been expressing them so freely these days I don’t even recognize myself. Maybe it was Lamia’s manipulation of me, her placing things in me to distort me into a grim mirror of what her real self had been. I can’t seem to make any head way with any of this. Even after everything, the more I think I understand, the more convoluted it all gets and I’m lost again, roaming corridors and ruins and deserts trying to find absolution that denies me. I have the power, I know that now. I have the Threads, I have my freedom from THE BASTARD and my neglectful Mother, but it doesn’t erase it all, doesn’t dry it all up and set me down upon a gilded throne where I can rule happily.
We apologize that these weren’t available sooner. As for tagging your posts, we’re going to keep it simple this year, so please start using the postaday tag in replacement of postaday2011 or postaweek2011.
labels: fried plantain, plantain, kelewele, Ghana food, Ghana snacks
My birth mother remembers rolling with her children down the southern slope of Mt. Baldy, and when we arrived at the base last August, she was disappointed to find access to the former trail blocked by plastic fences, forcing us to take another, more roundabout route to the top. Too many feet, too little Marram grass taking root, and the mountain she knew has begun to slip. It was hot and humid and the mosquitoes dive-bombed us as we trudged single-file up the thick sand along the new path. “Isn’t this something?” my birth father marveled from his anchor position at the end of the line. “Who would have thought? All of us together like this?”
And what have I done? I’ve mistreated it. I’ve fed it unhealthy food. I’ve neglected to care for it by not exercising. If I treated my kids this way, I’d have social services after me in a heartbeat! Like the above cartoon suggests, we treat our kids better than we treat our bodies. Of course I love my kids, even when they’re not the most loveable. I don’t expect them to be perfect. I love them no matter what.
I have a meeting scheduled at Lighthouse Elementary School on May * at 9:00 a.m. I expect one of you reading this letter to be in attendance. I also request that the Palm Beach County School Districts policy regarding the ESE Program and any other policy that I can read regarding Jacob’s issues be emailed, mailed or sent to Lighthouse Elementary so I can pick it up. I assume that these policies are all public record and I will becoming thoroughly educated as to the rights these students have, the useless policies and steps you have in place with regard to the teaching, testing and accommodating of each one of these students. I have contacted the ESE Advisory Board and am more than willing to meet with any one regarding the ESE Program, policy, etc. These children do not have a voice, but I do, and I will make sure it is heard. I have gotten a lot of attention in the past week from local media, as well as educational magazines, blogs, publications, etc, and will keep talking with them until the gap between the ESE and ‘normal student population’ is gone.
The 23-year-old Crazy, Stupid, Love actress rocked a long sleeved navy blue Todd Lynn jacket featuring sharp cuts and precision tailoring from the British designer, simple grey tee and J Brand jeans. The chic street style was accessorized with earrings, cocktail ring and Jimmy Choo ‘Quiet’ peep-toe platform pumps.
It breaks my heart that his mind goes there to. I wish I could be the only crazy one and he could just live in a life of bliss where you get to raise all of your children and you never worry about them leaving you before you leave them. I wish I didn't know that either but I wish he didn't more.
7) That I need to make some MAJOR changes to the way I do things at school if I want to be somewhat-comfortable throughout the remainder of the pregnancy.
Jan 27
Director : Wolfgang Reitherman
The government has donated over £1.2 million to a road show which makes a hero of black racist Malcolm X, while it dehumanises its opponents and sets them up for violent attacks. The payment to “Radical Middle Way” organisation is part of the government’s £100 million “anti-terrorist” programme called “Prevent.” and is to be expandedby Home Secretary Jacqui Smith.
Papers: Bazill- vanilla and blue cardstock,
Row 6- sc in ea sc
After asking if I was registered to vote, and in what party, I was asked, “Do you think things in Central Brooklyn are on the wrong track?”
A calculus
(1) It protects us from al Qaeda.
No pressure though!
Growing up in a post-ADA America has meant that many of us have had access to more opportunities than previous generations. We know if we had been born in 1967 instead of 1987 our lives would look completely different. We know the history of our people is tainted by eugenics, ableism, lack of access and the sting of low expectations. We recognize the work that has been done by disability movements over the last century to make the current lives we live possible. We are proud to be members of this vibrant, breathing, community.
Don't get me wrong - I think there are things wrong with the school system, as it stand. There are many things I would change, if I was given a blank check. That is one of the reasons I enjoy reading your blog, Jess. But, I also recognize that the school system works for a percentage (if not a majority) of the students that pass through.
We are all Beastie Boys fans whether we know it are not. They are truly legendary and had a significant impact on the music world. Today we unfortunately lost a great MC. Adam Yauch, known as MCA from the Beastie Boys passed away at age 47 after a lengthy battle with cancer. Our thoughts go out to his family and friends.
Europe – the northern portion of it, certainly – is like a plague zone.
5. Start networking!
Perhaps, also, we talk of the “inner child” because we fear it, and want to disrespect it, and call it less than the mature intellectual adult.
Note. I cut half a loaf of Italian bread and on the stove top in a pan with olive
I have to admit I have been a bad blogger! I just got tagged for the third time in this questionnaire that I neglected to answer until now...so I combined the questions/answers from the three lovely ladies who tagged me. I would have answered all 33 but I was scared you would never read my blog again from boredom! Please understand! Here it goes!
I didn't have anything planned for Sunday and it ended up being a rest day. I got a bunch of errands and chores taken care of and watched my husband race his car around a giant parking lot for a little bit.
They are soon followed by local legend Megas, an Icelandic Bob Dylan famed for lyrics that confront the less salubrious aspects of his society. At one point a ten-year-old child invades the stage, in a bid to get closer to an idol who is a good 50 years his senior. It is the equivalent of a primary school pupil trying to hug Mark E Smith from The Fall.
- In the center of town
So why was I there again this Tuesday? Well, I had been invited by the Nordic Ambassadors to a reception at the Danish Embassy on the Monday night, in honour of the London Book Fair and I thought it might be a bit off to attend it without going to the Fair itself.
Using a simple floral image, I printed full-size pages of the image onto the turquoise cardstock and trimmed the paper to the needed 5"x7" size.
Women's 5000 - Merseret Defar (ETH) takes to the track once again in search of a World Record. Defar has a history of running fast in Oslo, having set a World Record here back in '07. She was supposed to meet rival Tirunesh Dibaba, but that fell through when Dibaba pulled from the meet with an injury earlier in the week. Still expect Defar to run fast as several Kenyans remain in the race.
Call for Irish passport office Derry MLAs unite against pay hike move Gardai assaulted prisoner before death, inquest told Outrage at Nazi flag that flew in garden How many died because of Dublin’s border policy? Fancy designing a mascot for Derry?
I have been a good gardener, you can check your list twice! (Just stick to your naughty/nice list and avoid the police blotter and certain of my relatives and we’re golden.)
I’ve also never been in Cognito. That’s okay,I hear no one recognizes you there.
I'd quite like some jewellery, if I buy anything, but this one is £28. Pretty though. I've come across others like this that were also adorable, with teapot and post box charms.
We may as well have robots incapable of independent thought.
& this is possibly my favourite statement in the book:
Goodnight…
Melatonin is available as an over-the-counter supplement in most health food stores and pharmacies. Reports in 2002 show that the drug is safe for short-term use and recommend 5 mg between 10 pm and midnight at the destination to help fall asleep and to sleep better.
It's been in the works for awhile, but very soon I'll be launching a Teaching Program where I give all my teaching information away for free as well. If you'd like to start teaching classes on free motion quilting, this free program will definitely be a great place to get started.
On Wednesday, July 28, at Sybil’s Cave in Hoboken, New Jersey, three men spotted something floating and bobbing on the New Jersey side of the Hudson River. They jumped in a rowboat and quickly rowed to the area where the object was located. When they got there, they found the body of a young woman. They tired pulling the body onto the rowboat, but after a few unsuccessful attempts, they tied a rope under the dead woman’s chin and rowed toward shore.
Diva doesn't get what's so funny when sons start saying, "Hey, look, Dick's. Heh heh. Tukey, I see a Dick's."
Key Players: Mike Moser (14.1 ppg, 10.6 rpg), Chace Stanback (12.7 ppg), Anthony Marshall (12.1 ppg, 5.1 rpg), Oscar Bellfield (9.8 ppg)
struggling forward in a marriage I’ve
Why Banff? I’m Canadian, so it’s been part of my fantasies and visual vocabulary for years, although popular with Europeans as I hear British and Irish, French and Spanish and German accents all over town.
optional: one chopped organic orange
Father of Mine Everclear
Today’s list of stuff includes – digging, sowing lots of seeds, planting tomatoes out (well, some of them), crossing fingers, buying buttons and cat litter, and possibly writing a long rambling post about it all later….
Please join me in supporting the future Fulton Street Business Improvement District; let’s work together for a brighter future for all of our small businesses on Fulton Street.
The freelance graphic designer was stressed since he recently quit. His plan of working freelance and supplementing his income as a driver hasn’t turned out as he thought. He seemed to be at a crossroads. It reminded me of where I was.
It's tricky to pick a name isn't it? There may be names you like but are associated with people you don't or you may wish to remember a loved one but just find the name doesn't go with your surname. I wanted to call Eldest Beautiful Daughter Ailidh which is pronounced Aylay but was vetoed, he liked Fiona but was vetoed and we settled on Laura Elizabeth, she's not overly keen on her name.
16. Dear Tuesday - 1960
Pelosi had lots of help from the media with her “Tea Party as Astroturf” meme, the same media that never uses “Astroturf” for Earth Day, which is funded by Proctor & Gamble, Siemens, Wells Fargo, AT&T, UPS, Philips and Ford, because it’s good advertising for their green products, or groups like Moveon.org which is funded by Democrat billionaire George Soros.
We then read on the internet that we should freeze the pork pieces for 20-30 minutes, so we popped a cookie sheet full of pork shoulder into the freezer and drank some more wine.
otherwise I haven’t seen any local bloggers (be it Thai or farangs) paying much attention to this “pandemic” issue.
The ferment of carbon dioxide
PLANNING
Mr Gaarder doesn’t seem to be too concerned about terrorism directed at Israeli civilians. He only focuses on what he perceives to be Israeli aggression. Mr Gaarder also doesn’t mention that Israel was justified in invading Lebanon after numerous Hezbollah incursions on its northern borders and numerous rocket attacks. Nor is there any mention of the fact that Israel wants peace with the Palestinians. Nor does he mention that the leadership of Hamas, which won in a landslide election, wants to wipe Israel off the map. Like most of his left-wing extremists cohorts in Norway, he chooses to forget those ‘troublesome’ facts that don’t fit in with his skewed view of reality.
I expected my mother to be available on the morning of January 3, 1998. I expected to spend some quiet time in her presence. As I discovered, that was not to be.
I went shopping for some fabric the other day, and ended up buying laminated fabric. I have used fusible vinyl before as a substitute, but the laminated fabric is so much nicer. It is much softer and doesn't seem to crease or get scuffed as easily as the fusible vinyl. It is a little pricey, so I was a little scared to cut into it. I finally got up enough nerve, and I am happy to say it turned out much better than I had anticipated. Lookie...
As you can see, the United States is the number one MJ supporter with 90.8 million total sales. One may argue that is because it is where he was born and raised (Gary, Indiana) but I think it is because of the United States gigantic love of all things pop.
Now here he flourishes in my kitchen window . . . .
The great thing about these two recipes here is that they work wonderfully in single servings, taste delicious and they are so quick to prepare. I bet any of you that you could make either of these dishes in six minutes or less. I’m not even joking.
7.Ginger : a inch piece
3.stef h #4
“A lot of my work, where it actually lives is hard to define, because it’s so temporal and so site specific, a lot of it is — is the actual artwork the artwork or is it the photograph or is it the experience of it? With that piece, it’s both. I think the documentation of it is satisfying, and the piece was, too.”
Seeing her breathing.
We are proud to launch the most amazing scrapbook full day ever ....
Having seen all the sights and wasted some of my money at the Castle Museum, I quickly realized that York has great historical attractions, but many enjoy the city for its river front beauty, it’s wondrous parks and its vibrant street musician scene. Tomorrow, I head to London, England for the final leg of my Great Britain tour.
Here are some racier pictures from the final "Spreading the Curtains" show at Coco de Mer this last Saturday. I did not post these on Facebook cause they deleted the ones of me and Gal Friday with hats within 24 hours. The show photos were taken by Paul Ferris who was a pleasure to work with and super fast about uploading the images!
Video marketing holds the top spot for future plans: A significant 76% of marketers plan on increasing their use of YouTube and video marketing, making it the top area marketers will invest in for 2012.
Moving those arms and legs increases flexibility as well as builds muscle memory! When we alternate movements, we really stimulate the child's whole brain--both hemispheres are engaged. The cross lateral stretch is a good example of this---Right hand to left toe and then STRETCH out! Alternate arms and legs to ensure even treatment of each side. The hand/foot should meet at the mid line and then STRE---ETCH----OUT to a nice diagonal stretch!
The judge who turned the police into institutionally anti-white racist was Sir William Macpherson of Cluny. This introduced Soviet techniques to oppress White people in the Recommendations -
#1 - "The After Hours" - For me, the best TZ episode is an inescapable nightmare, combining disorientation, paranoia and the mounting horror that no one - absolutely no one - will believe that you have entered your own privately-crafted hell. And I am old enough to remember department stores that looked EXACTLY like this, so there is also that element of childhood terror. Anne Francis gives a performance of arch, brittle perfection - and we find out later why she plays Marsha White that way. And the whispers "Marsha...Marsha?" will haunt your dreams. Bravo, Rod Serling. A half century later, your work lives on.
Taming the Monster
George Galloway, Islam and Britain’s Future
Despite his complaints, Miles readily admits to having an unusually close relationship with Columbia, which is borne out by his long tenure with the label, and the fact that the 45-year-old superstar of black music could easily find another home for his recording activities. “The Internal Revenue Service is always after me,” he says, “but I just send their bills on to Clive. I got one for $39,000, but he took care of it.” When asked to verify this, Davis gave a diplomatic reply: “Miles is treated very well by Columbia Records,” he says. “I think he’s really appreciative of it, too—we don’t get Internal Revenue bills from Chicago or Blood, Sweat & Tears.”
there is also a piano in the corner, and every now and then i will set this pen down and wonder just how long it has been since somebody sat down to play it. it is covered in a giant dust blanket. maybe when i am finished here, i’ll wipe the dust away and force myself to play it.
Extra Stages
3rd layer red , wide 5.00" and high 5.00" with a circle in the centre 1.50"
However, once she started throwing the cake around the kitchen, we took it away and gave her the serving spatula, and she was in heaven.
Someone actually took the time to write down the costs associated with the low graduation rates for the city of Chicago (which is just above 50%) and the results of what it costs the community are staggering:
Fire of Love – Gun Club
The ride home was full of tears and prayers. The kids in the back seat of the Suburban holding hands and praying. God, please bring Molly back, please protect her, please keep her safe. Dear God, I miss Molly!
But it's also a day of appreciation and respect. I can think of no other mothers who deserve it more then those who had to give a child back.
This is the unscientific method I used to determine which beer most complemented this holiday meal. First off, I had to remove the Trappist’s Chimays from consideration as I had greedily hid them way in the back of the refrigerator hoping to keep them for drinking after everyone went home. Judging by the empty bottles my wife and I picked up while cleaning, I would have to give the title for the best beer to go with a Cajun Thanksgiving to New Belgium’s Blue Paddle. A close second place would go to Abita’s Restoration Ale.
Anthony had a reputation for bold conservation initiatives, including the rescue of the Baghdad zoo at the height of the US lead Coalition 2003 invasion of Iraq, and negotiations with the infamous Lord's Resistance Army rebel army in Southern Sudan, to raise awareness of the environment and protect endangered species, including the last of the Northern White Rhinoceros
General website notes….
Segway
However, because those sightings have become so rare, when they do, I kinda go crazy with anger. Thankfully, the more recent sightings have been while we're both in separate cars, I have managed to avoid any kind of major incident. I really don't need a criminal record at this point, and frankly, I'm pretty sure they could all take me. It's not exactly a difficult thing to do...I'm sort of fragile these days.
Can you provide us a little background on yourself? Where do you live in Australia? Do you have a “day job” or is needlework your vocation?
These are two very different jobs, requiring very different skill sets — indeed, different sides of the brain.
Now one would try to start it generation by generation but would dare say that it would not always be that restrictive……. It may vary as per my admiration for the character (and mood) so bear with me who ever will read it,apologies before hand if it puts you off. It will be more in terms my understanding of these characters…
"London's a big city Moon, no place for a young whippet with no friends to be. Don't you be getting any big ideas! Lock, stock and two smoking whippets and all that!!"
OREKTlKA
06. Moon Beam 9:52 Jun Fukamachi
In order for us to receive love and kindness, we must give love and kindness. The more love and kindness we give to others the lighter our energy becomes and the more we become like the branches at the top of the tree. The more love and kindness we give, the more love and kindness we can receive in return. As we go through our day, our week, or our lives, we should spread love and kindness through our words, our gestures, our hugs, etc. etc. When our intent is with love and kindness we raise the vibration of the world. It affects us, those around us, all living creatures, plants and our earth. The entire world will begin to smile. If each day, you do kind things for others, write it down and place it in your coffee cup, by the end of the day, your cup should be full. If everyone in the world did this, what a wonderful world it would be. It begins with one person.
*The Riot squad guards take the Intern and drag him off.*
And sense the brevity of life, and wail.
In those days this tramp in his attic lay dreaming,
So, welcome back Chip. It’s just a shame you’re so tall and not an owl.
I have a 5K on Saturday morning I am running with some ladies for work in support of my coworker's mother who is fighting breast cancer. It should be a lot of fun, we are running in sparkly tutus and zebra striped shirts :) I've been on a diet/exercise routine for about 1.5 months now and have lost a bit over 10lb. I have about 18lb to go until I reach my goal weight. It is sort of shooting for the moon, but I have TK on the same plan and he needs it as badly as I do, so we are supporting each other and enjoying the results we have seen. I feel much stronger thanks to spending 6-7 days a week doing some variety of exercise. It has been nice. Maybe I will actually not dreading buying a new bathing suit this summer....just maybe.
Happy Monday and thanks for taking the time to visit the charmed life blog. I am feeling under the weather again. Like a cold is starting to come on me. My grandson was sick last week when I went over and here I am not feeling well now. I love my grandkids but I am so over catching what they have.
This months challenge has been sponsored by Debbie at Delish Designs - some beautiful paper, brads and rub-ons from the High Tea paper collection. Perfect vintage style :O)
I thought Cloverfield was fun. However, I didn't find it particularly frightening, which is kind of a let-down for a monster movie (the part in the tunnel was an exception, but in general I think small and jumpy things are scarier than larger, slower things), and since I couldn't muster any feeling for the characters, their plight was little more than a race through a disintegrating Manhattan with some amazing scenery on the way. And speaking of the whole disintegrating Manhattan thing, I thought that the shots immediately following the monster's first attack, showing New Yorkers running through clouds of dust and falling paper, were pretty stomach-turning. However, there was little indigenous to the plot that managed the same effect.
return to see it's familiar sites again. How ironic, as so
I only use my powers for good, so I tend to wear gloves at times others would not. As I type to you, I am wearing the most supple of lambskin gloves. Mmmmmmm, lambskin tastes good!
Significantly, research drawn from nations such as Australia, New Zealand, Germany and the Netherlands shows that decriminalising or legalising prostitution does not improve or ensure the human rights and dignity of women and girls trapped in prostitution.
At the time it started I was young. A few years before Desert Storm had rattled through Iraq showing the full power of the US war machine. I marvelled at sights of F-16s and Abrams tanks on the television actually in combat. I was the kind of kid who grew up playing with tanks, so seeing them really working and fighting on the nine o’clock news was a bit of a treat. When I was a little older the atrocities in Yugoslavia were in full swing, I got the idea that there was nothing glorious about this war. Here was pictures of refugees, villages being bombed, citizen armies, starvation, death, and failed strategies by the armies with the big, fancy modern machinery.This was brutal and savage. But my memories of it are blurred; I was becoming a teenager at the time and there were much more important things for me to be concentrating on, such as the joys of puberty.
I've noticed something in Temescal recently. Hats. Lots of hats. Lots of different kinds of hats. And especially, lots of weird hats.
After over a month of meeting with school board candidates, going to forums, trying to understand school finance, conducting a lot of interviews and making more phone calls than I can remember, school board election season ended on Tuesday.
blemishes and strange angles
The boats are comfortable enough for everyone in the family-up to fiver people-to hang
So, let's all get your Emily Thinking Caps on! Get on over to her site and sign up for her e-newsletter here and then find those EASY-PEASY answers and drop me a comment! Let me know why you wanna win ALL FIVE of Emily's fantastic books!
I would like to thank you in advance for your kind time and consideration.
The detective, Lund, has the obligatory complications in her private life, and an unusually nagging mother. Her colleague seems to have a huge problem with authority, which is an unusual characteristic in a policeman, I would have thought. She has a nice knitted sweater which she has been wearing for weeks now, in spite of it getting badly torn in the sleeve when she was injured. It's been very neatly repaired since then.
one of the things i'm trying to do in CBT is stop worrying, and stop expecting disaster at every turn. from that point of view, when you look at my options:
All this is to say I cannot wait for peysekh to use my new curly fries cutting gadget.I am all a quiver.
Sports Fan: Wow…
The last three weeks have been filled with fun. Let’s review.
Our present motorhome is 36 feet long. During the last couple of years we have stayed in a number of national and state campgrounds. While there were sites large enough to accommodate the larger RVs, there were even more sites that would accommodate a 32 foot or smaller RV.
And the winner of the 2011 . . .
things like, I can never find the right person for me. If you talk like
He believes her. Who in their right mind would believe this crazy, old hag?
The rare debates amounted to the curlew cry of the Athletic Union pleading to opt out of the college bilingual policy. This obliged them to submit every poster - "Headbutting Club members please assemble in the bins at Harper's Disco at 2300 sharp, please" - to someone like me, who translated it into Middle Cornish and threw the original English away.
If you like this article, you might also be taken by:
This immediately prompts the question which has been conspicuous by its absence throughout my lengthy and, hopefully, justifiable attack on the continued feel good propagation of the myth of the Noble Savage. What constitutes ‘more’ rational behaviour and what constitutes ‘less’ rational behaviour? Now this, obviously, depends on the way you define ‘rationality’. According to the South African philosopher Anton van Niekerk, one of the foremost experts in this field worldwide, any definition of rationality has to, at the very least, include firstly, the demand of logical consistency (i.e. it is irrational to simultaneously claim p and not-p) and secondly, the fact that an agent can be judged as being irrational when s/he acts in a way that is contradictory to his/her own interests. In his excellent book Rasionaliteit en Relativisme (HSRC Publishers, 1992), Van Niekerk, like Juergen Habermas, is relentless in his efforts to broaden our understanding of rationality by including communicative rationality - the innate character of all languages to seek and attain common understanding between speech agents. Unfortunately, the incredibly broad scope of this remarkable discourse falls outside the ambit of this article. I prefer instead to concentrate on banal ‘survivability’ as a vital aspect of any attempt to determine what is ‘more’ rational and what is ‘less’ rational. Getting back to my example of the lightning strike; both my and the Noble Savage’s actions are rational in terms of its teleological intent (i.e. actions taken to satisfy a chosen goal). However, mine differs fundamentally from his in so far as they can be defined as an instrumental action, whereas his is strategic in intent. The former denotes actions whose success can be determined by the survival chances of the agent in the natural (non-social) world, and the latter pertains to survival chances in the social world of the agent. The strategic killing of the chosen ‘witch’ (potential rivals of the tribal king, of course) by the agent (the witchdoctor) is therefore quite rational in so far as the agent secures his continued privileged survival in his group. That the supposed influence of the gods/ancestors initiated this course of action is actually quite irrelevant in the abovementioned rational process.
Punk, and its musical aftermath, new wave, didn't hit Iceland until the late 1970s and early 80s. But when it did, the teenage Björk was one of the first to get involved. Around 1979, while still at school, she formed her first band, Exodus. Remembered as a naive blend of new wave and pop, Exodus' legacy apparently survives as a "garage recording" on a cassette, although few Icelanders claim to have ever heard it. The band did manage one appearance on local TV, however, which provided Björk with another feather in her local- celebrity cap. And outfit called Jam 80 was Björk's next musical project, but its fleeting tenure on the emerging new wave scene extended to one gig, before expiring. It's not known whether Paul Weller was an influence here!
He then shook his head at us and scowling, pushed the other elevator button for ‘Up.’ Turning, and smiling, while grimacing at the same time, he said, “There, you little bastard!..” I guessed his vision was being affected from the stench that was wafting down the corridor.
Today the air smelled of smoke; last night, of the silence of stars and roasted corn. It's a lovely place, here. It's a lovely place.
Click on the picture below to see to my "classroom" pin board...
44. Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board. —Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God (1937)
February 11, 2008 by dkjungle7789
USA, Arkansas – An icy blast tugged temperatures well below zero in a large swath of the South on Thursday, setting records for cold by late morning.
I made a super simple banner for the plant using scrap paper, an SU! punch, some Twinery twine, Memento inks, and a stamp from Unity's April KOM.
Before I go into much detail about my first film festival, also my first Ebertfest, I should pat myself on the back for driving 800 miles, a.k.a. 14 hours straight, only stopping to whiz or eat a burger with a Mountain Dew or coffee. I should also pat myself on the back for not stopping at the place in West Virginia with the sign that said “Free Beer.” Admitting that will not help me win any new friends. Admitting that it was a strip bar? Well, that’s different. A strip bar that says “free beer” on the sign. I think I’ll have to leave a little earlier next year with one less stop at Cracker Barrel and one more stop – somewhere else.
The YG's hair recovered from the self-imposed mullet. Now she has an adorable, if slightly shaggy, pixie-bowl cut.
Until recently the Dom of Lebanon were a nomadic people. Since naturalization, however, most have settled down and started enrolling their children in school, Hope said.
Today, Elsa completed her on line applications and pressed the submit button to apply to three schools: two early action and one early decision. If she is accepted to her early decision school, she must withdraw her early action applications. In that case, she will be done and will not need to submit any further applications to any colleges. If she is deferred or rejected to her ED school, she will apply to four or five additional schools. We will hope for acceptances to her EA schools in the interim. My friend Heather's daughter already has one acceptance under her belt. It was from a school with rolling admissions. These schools accept or reject students as the applications roll in. When they have enough acceptances, they simply close their registration for the semester.
I may have gotten a little too excited when I saw Katie walking down the sidewalk towards us and I may have flashed her my holiday undergarments. I especially love it when she says things like "I'll give you five minutes to stop doing that."
While the Dodgers and early/mid-20th century left-wing politics get a good airing, the institutional causes of Brooklyn’s post-WW II decline get scant notice, and the impact of historic preservation and immigration on the post-1960s revival get mostly ignored (except for the singular case of Soviet Jews).
Everyone knows Pavlov right? Or if not maybe his dog? Pavlov carried out experiments known as “classic conditioning.” Let me sum it up. The bell rings and the dog drools. This happens because the dog was conditioned over time by them feeding him after ringing a bell. The bell rings, he expects food and drools. You may be wondering what this has to do with being immature. Well wait for it.
The one who know and trusts that all is always well!
An hour after sunset on October 1, Jupiter is already 15 degrees high in the eastern sky. It’s by far the brightest “star” in the east, so you can’t miss it. Each night it will a bit higher at the same time, and the higher it gets the easier it is to see detail and the moons using a telescope or binoculars. (Uranus is still nearby as well. If you want to try to spot it, see this post with charts from last month.)
So with the 2010 season now closed and athletes beginning preparations for 2011, here is how I see our medal hopes for Daegu:
There is no leader on the session. All four musicians work to make form from improvisation, most of the time leaving the pieces without a specific shape until they have exhausted their ideas. Frith, as one might expect, plays all over the guitar, using its strings as a kind of percussion instrument, scratching them and producing sometimes distorted, bluesy lines. Dalaba explores her extended breath control technique, blowing otherworldly long chords and adding her "maniacal laughter" to "Lucy Has A New Pet Kitty." Glick Rieman produces ambient, drone-like sounds from his Rhodes piano, and Kihlstedt proves that she is one of the most promising improvisers to emerge from the Bay area, pushing the range of her violin through high pitch pizzicato plucking as if it were a strange transformation of a Japanese koto, then moving into folk-style playing. Fifty-five minutes of unusual, challenging, exceptional and strange sounds, but most of the time beautiful music.
Chris Klopper, chair of the independent labour caucus (ILC) condemned the protests on Monday and said the behaviour is completely unacceptable.
The villains, too, are lifeless. Opposing MacTavish is the dastardly Pirate Lieutenant (Sam De Grasse), whose machinations sent Fairbanks off the plank in the first place, and who, in a different Fairbanks film, would have been second-in-line to the throne of something. He skulks, and schemes, but mostly, he waits. Just like we do.
Bernie did a good job on telling the details of the boy in the
I’m going to go crack a book open.
We have some yummy new goodies for you this week!! Lets get to it.....
Exactly 100 years ago, Key West was in a tizzy, getting ready for the arrival of the First Train. On Jan. 22, 2012, the train would arrive bearing oil tycoon-turned-railroad magnate Henry Flagler and marking the completion of the Over-Sea Railroad.
10) Love. I used to not believe in love but now I see that love comes in so many different shapes and sizes. There are so many different forms of love and I think that I have found and experienced those forms and that makes me happy.
“The bigger one on the left is probably a barn, the farmer’s house on the right, the well in the middle.”
I want to dissipate all of my sorrows
W/O Kok's police car was then driven away from the site by someone else. This occurred at a notorious prostitution spot on the corner of Schoeman and Wessel Streets in Sunnyside.
Sew in the ends neatly and for the leaf stem, pick up two stitches at the base of the leaf and knit an i-cord for about an inch.
Funny that, considering it's not even a very cheerful song.
Which makes loving the show that much more difficult. I initially tried watching the show with Gia, but she got turned off after the very first episode. Because these people and their jobs are awful. I get that. Yet somehow I had to keep watching. I try to tell myself that it's because of the acting chops of Cheadle and Bell, but I wonder if there is some latent jealousy going on here. The travel, the money, the blatant disregard for the average man/woman on the street.
Our main event is up next, Sheamus Vs Chris Jericho.
I hope you all enjoyed your St.Patrick's day! I had a wonderful shamrock shake from the McDonald's today :o) YUMMY!
Rewiring Brain Networks
Won't be the daily heartbreak
It's all for something that I need -
voice had an echo like she had moved into the bathroom or stairwell. “Why do
Lines are the building blocks of supermind gravitating in zero-fulcrum
It seems that the uproar over the TSA pat-downs is at least in part the result of introducing an under-policed “low-risk population” to general law enforcement procedure.
Novatka told police he is “perfectly sane,” and told them the correct day, where he was and what he was going and that he had no medical conditions to prove his sanity, the affidavit states.
The sun is warm, it’s bright and I’m in a park.
Today I am linking up to these fabulous blog parties:
For art we made some super cute penguins and walruses, they are ADORABLE! We did some neat hands-on science too- we discovered how flubber keeps the animals warm and how the oil on the penguins feathers help repel water. We also explored blue salt water and ice, learning how the salt water melts away ice burgs. (I didnt bring my camera to school these two days so I don't have any pics!) During kinder-cafe we made some cute little oreo penguins one day and yummy rice cake polar bears on another day. Our classroom book we created was, "Our Favorite Polar Animals." The kids had to write about their favorite polar animal.
Isocrates, To Demonicus 1.25 Confide in them about matters which require no secrecy as if they were secrets; for if you fail you will not injure yourself, and if you succeed you will have a better knowledge of their character. Prove your friends by means of the misfortunes of life and of their fellowship in your perils; for as we try gold in the fire, so we come to know our friends when we are in misfortune. You will best serve your friends if you do not wait for them to ask your help, but go of your own accord at the crucial moment to lend them aid.
and Ava wouldn't let me take her picture which is so odd,
question of all? As the sun came loose
The Vicar's heart was smashed
Jeremy does get to go to After Care at school if he’s had good behavior the day before. There, they run colse to the fields, play ball, climb on the jungle gym, have snacks and play with their friends. He loves it! I find that it’s the best place for him since he races the kids and exerts more energy there than everywhere else. The hardest part is when it’s time to go. What else? He runs away! My mom has found it thoroughly embarrassing because he doesn’t pay attentiveness when it’s time to come. He just continues playing and then runs to the other side of the field where he can’t even hear us yell for him.
Starring- Alexandra Chando, Patrick Breen, Betsy Aidem, and Richard Bekins
Since absolutely no record company was interested in signing the band without Roth or Hagar (the latter of whom ultimately burned those bridges with his amusing tell-all autobiography), this reunion was inevitable.
Your haberdashery section is awesome and you've really thought about the finishing touches that dressmakers need. How on earth do you choose what to stock?
Anyways, I shall post updates in separate entries. For now, hello again! :)
1/4 cup Ranch Dressing
Aren't those fabulous. I love all the layers and detail. I am so intimidated by layers, LOL! I always feel like it's too much. Please stop by Charlotte's blog for more details and a ton of inspiration.
Six million plastic bags are discarded every year in the UK. The majority have a lifespan of around 20 minutes. For every 1bn plastic bags produced, 9,000 tonnes of plastic is used and 18,000 tonnes of CO2 produced. Government takes little interest in this.
KimP: First of all, I got stuck in MAJOR traffic right after the exit with the gas station and eventually I had to make the decision to just pee. Go ahead Kim, pee in the car. Do you know my body fought me for like 30 seconds. It was so confusing.
Here are her latest obsessions.
2. Slim Shady as one of the great "fictional characters": it might help us reconcile Em's artistry to look at those early albums like a series for a fictional character. Treat them as a "phillip rothian doppelganger gambit", like the latest from Brett Easton Ellis. That might not be a spot on analogy, but mostly I want to avoid these terrible NY Times interviews that feel inappropriate in a bad-meaning-bad way... better to err on the side of the wrong book than completely not appreciate how much of a writer-athlete Em is. (that last link should go to a facebook thread with hip hop bloggers discussing a bad NYTimes interview with em, if not friend/fan Jay Smooth/illdoctrine who should be a regular part of your cultural diet regiment anyways)
*S
Celery Green DP which was a RAK from J......
7) Don't hold back - over the course of the evening we ordered no less than 12 dishes between the two of us and we weren't the slightest bit stuffed.
Reading this week, well again, pretty much the same as last time, but with this book added in. Lot's of different ideas for makes by little people, planning all our Christmas crafting sessions and checking that we have in all the essentials we will need.
Refrain:
I give you life
She blesses me with heart songs,
Look. Is Power-Seller.
He said the rebels took five civilians — Vicente Bunal, Jolly Paimalan, Elmer Entes, Rhyan Banua and Pablo Butay – as human shields but later released them.
Don’t forget to pop across to the challenge blog and see what the rest of the DT have made and I will be back later to catch up with my post for Critter Sketch Challenge.
I feel a bit like it's a cliche reading this book at the moment, there's a waiting list at the library for it as long as my arm, but I wanted to read it before I watch the film. I was a little put off at the start, because the horse is the narrator, but then I realised that he had to be, becuase he's the only character that's in it all the way through. After I got over that (and the fact that the horse can under stand German as well as English - clever old horse!) I really enjoyed it, although I did cry 3 times!
The girl does NOT take a bad photo. Ever.
There is a time when you and I will come face to face with Him. For me, as a believer, it will be at the judgment seat of Christ in the glory of Heaven. But if you do not know Him personally as Saviour, you will meet Him at the Great White Throne when He will say, “Depart from me, ye worker of iniquity.” (Luke 13:27.
Dzulkifli said the prosecution had no objection to the application as they did not see why Dr Mohamad Salleh would flee the country. He, however, said the accused should surrender all his travel documents to the court.
Afghanistan does have laws which ban violence against women, but in a country struggling to recover from decades of conflict, enforcing them is naturally very difficult. Even in the UK, the continued levels of violence against women, despite our comparatively advanced legal system, demonstrate just how difficult enforcement is. In addition the problem in Afghanistan is exacerbated by lack of education and under-age marriage, both of which remain common. Therefore it remains of the upmost importance that as the international community withdraw support from the country, the plight of Afghan women is not forgotten. We as a society must fight to improve the laws that protect women from rape, sexual offences and all forms of violence, abroad, just as we attempt to do in our own country.
I saw this cards on Pinterest and decided to CASE them. At the moment I can't remember who was the original creator, but will post it as soon as I find it.
Last Friday, we drove to the town of Geneva in upper state New York to attend a lecture for the Slovenian Slavoj Žižek. I heard of Žižek only last year because of his articles on the Occupy movement. One of my friends mentioned him to me before and recently in one of my classes we read parts of his famous work "The Sublime Object of Ideology." Žižek, like many intellectuals, give his lectures based on the work he's concerned with at the moment. He has been speaking about capitalism with Asian values, the death of capitalism, and the protesting movements world wide.
It is as if all psychic and all mental faculties, all emotional faculties, all potential experiences give way into the true depth and nature of the reality of the soul and its relationship to reality itself. An eternal and inconceivably ancient dance of consciousness and divinity in form and time. An experience so powerful, so life changing and awakening, that nothing in your life can ever been experienced in the same way again, and not a single day can pass without the true nature of reality working subtly to transform your mind and heart back to their natural state. That of this tangible and overwhelmingly powerful experience of the only real truth, reality beyond, behind and encompassing thoughts. As Krishna says in the song of god-
It also outlines that traders must be far enough away from the school so that Pupils are not “encouraged to walk to it during a break” or “immediately before or after school.”
Blend for a couple of minutes, pausing to scrape sides of the blender down with a rubber spatula. Heat one tablespoon oil in large soup pot and add chile puree. Cook for about 10 minutes, letting mixture thicken. Add six cups of vegetable broth and heat through, bringing to a boil. Add:
But I will no longer be a cripple. Especially since lately I feel less and less like one, who knew conversations could do so much for a person huh?
I used this stitch for sewing them all together. In my head it made sense to use this one to prevent fraying, we’ll see how it holds up over the years but I will say that right now it seems to be able to hold up to a toddler jumping on the freshly made bed. Toddler tests are the ultimate tests in durability!
Today, my friend Sara is with me and was able to share this picnic of Georgia Roasted Peanuts, Fried Green Tomato BLTs with Orange Blossom Honey, Pickled Okra Popsicles, and Georgia Peach Trifles. We stopped to enjoy our picnic at Florida's only organic winery in Monticello. The meal was just as perfect as today. Although the meal is simple, the taste is quite lavish for outdoors. The smoked bacon and Tupelo honey stood out the most in the BLT, while the pickled okra disappeared quickly - it reminds me of my favorite dill pickles. Plus the trifle was divine, with a kick of bourbon at the very end.
Welcome to the Butcher's Case, the new blog for Fleisher's Grass-Fed & Organic Meats. As you may have heard, we'll soon be opening a new shop in Park Slope, Brooklyn. The Butcher's Case will help our new neighbors in Brooklyn get familiar with what Fleisher's is all about and will also keep Fleisher's fans up to speed with what's going on at our flagship shop up in the Hudson Valley. Recipes, interviews, photos, videos — we plan to have all of that. Lots of old-timey butcher photos and other vintage meat ephemera, too, because we think those are fun.
And to our next visitors. Who will it be?
by Carol Troven, Judith Barter, Elliot Davis, and Edward Hopper as her favorite. Rita says "I bought this book at the Museum of Fine Arts gift shop in Boston MA. after attending the Edward Hopper exhibit in August 2007. It was a breathtaking exhibit and as I'm a huge fan of Hopper's style, to see the paintings in person was wonderful. The book sits atop my coffee table so I can flip through it often.
Sam shook off her jitters and pushed her way back through the throngs of people. Her father and Abby were talking to a woman wearing a crisp blue suit and carrying a professional-looking digital camera.
There are many others and I’d love to hear your favorites. These are just the ones that I know I will refer back to time and again.
Studying the Bible takes time; sensing God’s voice is a skill that improves with practice. The control you handed over to Jesus for Lent will clear some very noisy distractions out of your life. Take advantage of this new-found quiet space.
A hundred years ago there must have been thousands of such signs. Most of them have disappeared on to rubbish heaps or into the homes of rapacious collectors of railway memorabilia (you know who you are). I’m glad this one is still doing its job, directing passengers to Harrow, Uxbridge, and the far west.
Spoon the mixture into the pan in desired sized fritters. Cook on each side until each side is browned and tender to the touch. (Prevent breaking by turning as few times as possible.) Serve warm.
Been working on this for a couple of nights now, actually probablly 2 nights now that I think of it but it's coming along quite quickly. The table I'm working on is meant to be a research base/exploration centre so I wanted to have a small ship which could be used to transfer cargo and specimins to/from the RT vessel in orbit (Don't you just love narrative).
1 1/3 cups ice water
Love has risks. Motherhood is the riskiest venture around! It is also the one that has the greatest rewards! I want to thank all the hard-working, risk-taking Mothers out there who LOVE! I’m grateful for my own mother—risking her heart to 9 children. She’s had her heart banged up and broken a bunch through the years, but she’s tough like my irises. A wind might knock her down, but her love just gets stronger.
· Brenda Lee
"...Perhaps there’s merit in stepping back just a bit and seeking to look at it from the perspective of the receiving country..." Whoa! Stop right there mon frer.
The relationship that exists between the cow and the grass is very similar to that of the wild buffalo or elk that once roamed America’s grasslands.
I guess you had your big golf party yesterday. Some guy named Bubba won. I guess that IBM chick was there in her pink jacket.
Dendrochronology has some fascinating applications. For instance, tree rings from 700 year old bald cypress trees in the Carolinas revealed why the early settlers at Roanoke in 1587 A.D. perished. They arrived at the beginning of a prolonged drought. Bald cypress tree rings from two decades later also showed that the Jamestown colonists arrived during a seven-year drought lasting from 1606 to 1613 A.D.
China’s criticism of the US over debt issues is a case of the wok accusing the deep fryer of being a cooking implement. Although China is the world’s largest creditor nation, its municipalities are carrying more than a trillion dollars in debt — much …
I wrote a whole page in my end of week check-in just on issues that have been important to my recovery. I won’t go into them here because to simply list them out would not really explain them and that would not pass on any useful information to anyone. These things may very well come out in later posts I make and articles I write.
I like the occasional sultry romance, and Rabbit Heart, I thought, would be one of the many that I have enjoyed in the past. After all, an English love affair among London’s high society between the 1400’s to late 1800’s has been my targeted read for years, now.
"A mad sculptor, searching for the perfect realization of "the mask of horror", places himself in front of a mirror after smearing blood over himself with the glass of an oil lamp. He then swallows a virulent poison to observe the effects of pain."This is perhaps the first of the curious 'mad-artist' sub-genre of films which would go on to include Vernon Sewell's Latin Quarter (1945), Roger Corman's Bucket of Blood (1959), Herschell Gordon Lewis' Color Me Blood Red (1965), and other lesser-known fare. Unfortunately, beyond the synopsis, no other information could be found, and the survival status of the film remains unknown.
Preliminary rounds for the DC Pro Tour fueled by Monster Energy, which are closed to the public, are scheduled for Friday, September 10 from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. The grand finale is slated for Saturday, September 11 from 1:00 p.m. to 3:45 p.m. Doors open to the public at 12:00 p.m. Tickets and additional information are available at www.streetleague.com.
Onward to Clive Barker’s Jericho!
Anyway, smoking:
We then talked for some time about his law practice, which was an admirable one, devoted to representing poor people against swindlers and profiteers. He showed me a charming portrait of his two children, eleven and nine years old, which he had drawn with one of his own quills. The chances that either child would grow wings was, as for every Gyr, a thousand to one.
Other: SU border punch, SU Night of Navy ink, American Crafts brads, foam dots
2: 11:05-11:10
We view internet access and information to technology as a great equalizer, and it certainly has that potential; however, the feelings of being overwhelmed and, frankly, inundated are uncomfortable. Where do we begin? Certainly, most people turn to educators and the school system. Rightly so. But, as many are quick to point out, we have many obstacles to surmount before we can reap all the benefits of technology.
LDL = 84 mg/dL – (Less than 100 mg/dL is Optimal) – CHECK!
2 Seattle 10:20
MSRP: $199.99 on-contract
Here in the Chicago office that houses Communication Therapy and Chicago P.L.A.Y. Project we are very excited about our work using iPad apps with children with special needs! We have plenty of information to share with you, no matter where you are.
Where: Cathy's Mom's house
Here is a really small small example:
‘Yeah, well he’s got form,’ I replied. ‘He was the youngest person to have Bell’s palsy too.’
A: It is a little embarrassing for me to say this myself, but the director said that when he was looking at the shortlist, he felt that I could pull off the idol look, or exude a more fresh-faced image. I don’t even know if this is a good or bad thing (laughs). I asked him, “Is this a compliment?” and the reply was, “Hmm..not necessarily..”
Gregory: the GOP are getting lots of things done!
Yet the MDC have thus far participated in these discussions because their options are limited. Zanu-PF have refused to give up power and, under Mbeki’s protection, have committed enough murder and intimidation to “win” last month’s farcical presidential run-off in which there was only one candidate.
Not only did it look and smell pretty bad, it didn't taste all that great, either. Texturally, it was really stringy and weird, and the smell overpowered any positive taste aspect there might have been.
I've been working on my sample for the class and since the class is about symbols, I'm starting out with creating the images that will go in the book.
more poignant when viewed today.
D.H: Giants are contained, they kick it away. Patriots get a touchback.
Taking a Bible story and remaking it into a fiction book probably isn’t easy. There’s so much to take into consideration, there’s the biblical accuracy as well as historical accuracy to take into account and this author balances it really well, she uses a little bit of modern language but it makes the story more readable and isn’t noticed overly much. The author mixes history and her imagination very well in this book and it makes this story believable. The way this book was written shows the author’s passion for her subject matter.
I have been thinking a lot about water lately. After rereading the Mistborn series and the different ways that metals were used to create three different and distinct magic systems that are similar, I was thinking about the different ways in which water could be used to create power — as water wheels turning gears, a very rudimentary way of getting things done; as steam power, which is more sophisticated, but has the drawbacks of needing water to turn into steam; and then as hydroelectric power. I am still figuring out how I would use these three elements of water in my world, but this is a start. We’ll see where it goes from here.
Remember that you can join anytime -- even a month from now, a year. A River of Stones badge is to the right.
I feel a little crafting coming on, so hopefully i will return with pics of finished projects... i hope!
I am relieved to say that I was not one of the ones cut, but many of the people I have come to know and love in the company, were.
So... I guess what I'm trying to say is... I AM taking a little time for myself these busy busy days. A few minutes or hours at a time.
Recently, my husband taught my daughter how to play “Chopsticks” on the piano. She has been practicing and practicing it and finally got it down. Last night, she was on one keyboard, and my husband was on another. The two of them played the sweetest duet, and it was so cute! I love watching my husband pass on his skill, and I love watching my daughter absorb it all like a sponge.
Where is my life headed this time?
4B. Time & Space – TEL 238
Yes, Jack is on the crack. It started innocently enough. A rawhide here and there, to keep him busied when I don't have the time to cover him with smooches, or scratch his belly while we watched The Real Housewives together. Nothing fancy, just the plain ol' common ones with a knot at each end. He'd prop it between his paws, grin happily and gnaw. Things were good then... Things were....simpler.
I took him to our vet to be scanned to see if he has a chip. No chip.
Our confused waitress kept coming by until we finally told her that we had the key to the city. She smiled, somewhat exasperatedly, and asked us to wait a few minutes before another woman, clearly the boss, came over to our table. To this, Melanie and I cheered which threw her only further into confusion (what were these white girls doing cheering in her tortilla shop?), don't worry, our group totally won her over by the end.
That media buys are essential to a campaign dovetails with Stevens’ later observations on the distinctions between policy and media in the course of a campaign. Karl, of course is, well, you can guess who Karl is.
Do you see how I plan these entries strategically? I spare you the weepy Wednesdays, the Tear-my-hair-out Thursdays (one day I did actually pull out a few strands of hair in frustration), La Llorona / Moaning Myrtle / banshee on craic imitation days. I spare the reflections to future teachers - "don't do it! run the other way!" - and neglect to attach the furious e-mails sent to loved ones of my futility in this profession.
When mom came home in the evening, daddy had gotten his invention running. It was some sort of flitration system. I wonder what it does.
And in case you don't already know...
The Baltic Room
I also love that when we're out looking at birds, I usually have my phone with me, whereas I've never had a bird book handy when I was needed one!
A few more pics of the kids enjoying the movie together (and ignore the mess it's a lived in house on a Saturday, what can I say? The living room was spotless and vacuumed at one point yesterday.)
However, according to Mr Hutcheon’s article “Following the conviction, Sheridan’s solicitor Aamer Anwar sought leave to appeal on the grounds that pre-trial publicity denied his client a fair trial.”
Ok, so I thought I’d share this:
And do not grieve the unsuspecting birds by taking eggs;
Week 1: Social Media (Part 1)
I didn’t call anyone’s religion bullshit. I did say that there is bullshit—”untrue words or ideas”—in the Bible. That is being spun as an attack on Christianity. Which is bullshhh… which is untrue.
For me, getting the major things nailed down in a simple fashion is the easiest kind of thing to do; I am definitely more adept at creating the structure and skeleton for things....refinement and details are more difficult for me, I find that I get irritated and often bored if I over-focus on the details of something. This is something I have a tendency to do. I know that I do better on assignments if I either: (1) send in a first draft with only a cursory review and edit, OR (2) really, really, really spend a lot of time reviewing and re-reading and editing a paper.
The sacred geometry of chance
I don’t know what to do and I wish all my mamas would tell me … do I risk it and let this man ‘take care of us’ cause fuck it you only live once, or do I keep my distance and never know if it could have been the real deal or not?
(this is not a fully inclusive list of all of our games, but a list of the ones we like best and actually use)
When I bought eggs at the Farmers Market I always wanted to know what the chickens were fed…and I never seemed to get a satisfactory answer. “All natural” wasn’t good enough for me. It can mean so many things, and different things to different people. So when the time finally came and we got our first flock, I knew I wanted to feed my chickens certified organic feed so there was no question about just how “natural” their diet is. Even though The Girls free-range and mostly consume bugs, weeds, grass and spiders, we wanted to know that when they do eat feed, it is the very best they can get.
The problem is that pesky second-hand smoke issue. Sure, non-smoking customers can go elsewhere, but not everyone can: employees, vendors, inspectors, et al.
I liked the orientation so much that I told myself if a similar box appeared, I would set up something with the same orientation. That box appeared a couple of weeks ago so I set it up on the side of the table. I also decided to add two other boxes with a similar orientation to form an apparatus I call Vertical Boxes.
Aside from the sketching, I am still busy working on my digital illustration project. I have a first draft of the briefed image just about completed now so I am taking this to show to my friend, to get her feedback on it. I will be interested to hear her thoughts and then I can happily make changes based on her suggestions. I hope I have got her vision in some way captured in the initial design!!
Fully exposed to the addictions around me. No barrier whatsoever.
You can find our Kickstarter page here:
Author: Ashley Mackler-Paternostro
First of all, there’s a big change in the setting. The previous book took place in the slick, futuristic Society, while Crossed is more of a survival story in the rugged desert. The landscape is harsh and unforgiving, yet Cassia and Ky both find a certain kind of beauty in it. I feel this sums the book up as a whole. Dystopian fiction is dark by nature, with the characters often finding themselves in terrible situations. Crossed is appropriately serious as the characters face the concept of death and inner demons, yet they always choose to hope instead of turning to despair.
No, that trauma you faces was not easy.
The girl frowned. “I’m sorry sir, but this does not resemble you.”
Does it matter that the fictional Skeeter was writing reportage and the real Stockett was writing fiction? These are murky waters.
Bubby Mans
It's that time of year when fall is in the air and kids aged 2-90 across the US are excitedly planning their costume. Most families I know put far more thought into costumes than they put into selectively choosing treats to distribute to trick-or-treaters. This concerns me. Following are a few quick bullet points to explain why we should devote FAR more planning to choosing what we put in our Halloween treat bowls:
Right. First things first. Victoria Bitter isn’t. But it used to be. Crown Lager is premium. It even says so on the label, but is it a Pilsner ? Pure Blonde is neither. Pale ale often isn’t. And Carlton Cold says it is beer. And is a Dortmunder export that you buy in Dortmund actually a Local ? And is lo-cal beer better for you ?
But that’s exactly appropriate.
The last method of '60s and '70s cardboard doesn't even involve any physical "airbrushing", but it ways a way to "update" collectors on their favorite players.
“Height adjustments can be made on either side by one man using the adjustable mast lifting handle and removable quick-action mast locking pin,” Conway continues. “All beams come with convenient carrying handles on both ends. A-frame assemblies fold up and lock in folded position with plunger pins. The entire assembly is pinch-point free. Overall the advanced design of the GH2T Gantry makes the work of transporting, assembling and adjusting a Gantry lift a much simpler task.”
The barren violence of its primal wars,
As you may realise, I have no memory of any of this, but from witness reports, for some stupid reason I was trying to argue/fight big Tim, then was all happy and I was carrying him around the bar (also carried Capa and Rei around the bar - this is with a broken back), then they all lost me, near the station.
Made of 100% cotton jersey for a soft and comfortable feel
With only one major book chain left, the age of the publisher's rep is almost over. I think that there should be a memorial coat of arms, depicting a full English breakfast, some blood pressure tablets and a large black suitcase on wheels. But sadly, I think their passing will be unnoticed by all but a few.
We had a very lively discussion. They all spoke about their work to start with then we discussed poetics referring to the work of Robert Sheppard and looked at a few ideas form Hazel Smith’s The Writing Experiment. They left buzzing with ideas.
So we have to rush out of there, we get there over an hour after they called us, and poor Henry was miserable. I felt so bad for him. I got him home and gave him some Advil, but he screamed for like half an hour until it kicked in. And then! I started bleeding again.
P.S. In relation to this post, I was asked By Horst if I was interested in contributing a piece for his Art Deparment Series, and I of course immediately said yes! I am still not sure if I will be doing an illustration or a character transformation that captures the essence of Lynn & Horst, but I've been thinking about it and have already thought of some ideas. I guess we will have to wait and see what I do.
There's SO much to see....don't miss it.
With the addition of two spouses who made the trip, some two hours south of Paris, and the lady of the house and her husband, we were eight for lunch: aspic of asparagus with shrimp, roasted veal in a heavenly sauce of seasonal mushrooms, a cheese course, and a plum tart, all home-cooked. Monsieur poured a cremant from Burgundy for an aperitif (which then came with us to the table) and then followed with a red with the cheese. Meanwhile, the hostess regaled us with stories of her family through the ages. The property has been in the family since the 14th century although the house only since the early 18th. And despite some fabulous art work and furnishings, it's still very much a home as evidenced by the swing set in the yard and the stacks of puzzles, games, and doll furniture for the grandchildren. Not to mention the big screen tv which I didn't notice until much later in the afternoon when the master of the house could not resist checking out how France was doing in its Davis Cup match. FYI: they won.
Want to know something completely annoying about living at home with your parents as an adult?
You can use a hand mixer or blender also for this...
HAHAHA ok sorry that was lame. xP
Film Synopsis:
After church, on our way home we discussed why we were not celebrating Easter the way we normally did. I was amazed that the kids were totally fine with the change!
I warmed up with a few laps around the track. Eager to get to the squat rack. Did a few warm up sets and loaded the bar to 190, the last weight I had completed for 6 reps. By the 3rd rep, I was in trouble, I was struggling. By the time my thighs were parallel to the floor on the fourth set, I was stuck. I couldn’t get back up, my spotter thought I’d be able to push myself back up and though I appreciated his faith in me, it was seriously overestimated. I collapsed under the weight and the bar rolled over my head.
Truly, if anybody is intersted in the play by play report or the resources let me know because I would be more than happy to share.
I entered my first Short Story Contest today! I only found out about the contest five days before the deadline, so I picked an idea I had for a novel, gutted it, and ran.
The website advertised the ‘services’ of various women including their ages, vital statistics and a description of the type of sexual services they do and don’t provide with the use of abbreviations such as ‘BBBJ, AJ, AR, CIM’.
This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in honesty of relationship, opinion and identity.
Linking up with the following girls;
Ezra H, age 10, lies on the couch, benchpressing watermelons, and then makes you feel his arms---swearing his muscles have grown already.
Interestingly, the expression 'Peeping Tom' is said to derive from the name of one resident who defied a proclamation to remain behind shuttered windows during the ride!
We also have yet to hear from our winner Caro from the challenge last week. Caro, please contact Denise to claim your Bunny Zoe Crafts prize. If we don't hear from you by Monday at 8am EST, we will have to choose another winner.
I’ll just have to make up for this with a special beer from the ‘beer crisper’ when the storms die down and the pager stops beeping. So, wish me luck, happy birthday to me and cheers!
We love this sort of stuff, so if you’ve discovered something akin to these, please let us know. Seriously, don’t hold out. We got the fever and the only cure is more techno-literary detritus.
Unless there are some fundamental attitudinal changes by all role players, there is a risk that we will see an increasingly polarised society based on heightened racial divisions – and I am not just talking black and white.
Friends Cathy and Jane are on vacation in France, bicycling through the scenic countryside. They get into a bit of an argument--a real row--and separate long enough to cool off. When Jane heads back to the wooded area where she left Cathy, she finds her friend missing, with only a pair of panties as proof that she had ever been there.
Below, a shout-out to the people on the team who helped Rafael create these modern day princesses
So what do I see in the poem? Okay, he’s split the piece into two sections. The first stanza is twenty-one lines long and the second is twelve. Had this been my poem I might have been tempted to divide it into three parts, the first at the pond, the second at home and school and the third back at the pond although I have no objection to his choice to split it into light and dark, innocent and not-quite-as-innocent, before and after – whatever way you want to look at it. It’s not as simple as pretty and ugly because from the very onset the imagery is far from pretty with words like ‘festered’ and ‘rotted’ painting a picture of the decay from which life rises. The poem begins with the death of nature: “In the midst of life we are in death.” A true naturalist would be well aware that this is the way of things but unexpectedly this is not a poem about a naturalist but rather a young boy. I suppose he could just as easily have called the poem ‘Death of a Herpetologist’ but if we ignore the dictionary definition of ‘naturalist’ and take the word literally it suggests a person who does things naturally, a natural-ist. It’s unnatural to put frogspawn in jam jars. Before that he may well have been content simply to be a part of nature but once he assumes the role of the Naturalist of the title the natural-ist – if I can distinguish between the two – dies. Perhaps I’m reading too much into the title. There is also the possibility that what dies are the boy’s aspirations of becoming a naturalist once he starts to realise what’s involved in the job.
I seriously believe that my Sunday football team could at least get a draw against Arsenal. I’ve seen enough teams do their homework against Arsenal and it looks pretty simple to stifle Plan A.
I was looking for a catchy name for my blog, but also one that incorporates something that I believe in. And I feel strongly about having balance, which to be honest is difficult to do in corporate america. This is why I named my blog leaveatfive, because I feel that 5pm represents a full day at the office and it’s important to have other interests outside of sitting at a desk.
I know sometimes I live with the work for a while, keep it somewhere I can view it often, and sometimes it becomes obvious what might be missing, or what might be needed...
therefore, direct the CPIO, CBEC to transfer appellant's RTI-application to the subordinate offices/public authorities where the information requested by the appellant is known to be held. This may be done within two weeks of the receipt of this order.
They say "Let your voice be heard! Your perspective matters!" You can always spot bad copy a) by the irrelevant application of exclamation marks and b) by poor use of language. The copy begins, "As a strategic member of the workforce, we invite you to participate in our annual Salary and Job Market study."
"The mistletoe is still hung up in farm-houses and kitchens at Christmas, and the young men have the privilege of kissing the girls under it, plucking each time a berry from the bush. When the berries are all plucked the privilege ceases."
Let the press try to find some real news because at the moment they are acting like dirty little voyeurs and if they don't find anything to get off on they make it up!
You are whole
1/4 cup sugar-free strawberry jam
I am an education snob and am currently working on my MBA in Marketing.
The background is made up with distress inks. Bits of cut n dry foam are used to apply the ink, not too even, so that it gives the appearance of clouds. Splodges are good! The sentiment and other balloons are from Kaisercraft's "Up, Up & Away" stamp set. The sentiment was stamped in black archival ink and heat embossed with clear powder. I still couldn't resist a little Perfect Pearls on the larger of the two stamped balloons!
I am a big fan of what my friend Anthony calls "breakfast after dark" which is breakfasty foods eaten for dinner. This version of breakfast after dark featured scrambled tofu, roasted tomato, mushrooms & an awesome hash brown. The hash brown was by far the highlight of the meal & was based on a recipe I found on food.com. These hash browns are really good & there is a possibility that I ate 3 of them.
McDonald’s:
By the crossroads we kissed
As gales of abnormal force
* The worst thing agriculture can do is answer a question no one is asking. The questions consumers are asking are not the same ones agriculture is answering, Yazmir said. As an industry, agriculture needs to find where the two conversations intersect and begin answering the right questions. Otherwise, he said, the disconnect will continue.
(later a friend and collaborator). Songs like "England My Lionheart"
“You gotta wear it, I’m not gonna take you for a ride without it. You wanna try mine?” He sat down in front of her..
But we don’t have to wait for missionaries to visit for our children to become involved in the great commission. There are opportunities for your children to serve the international community right here in America. Giving up vacation time to volunteer with a ministry has many benefits for families.
This isn't a phone session. You can be anywhere and receive the energy. Your intent to join is the connection. You could be in your car or on a plane and still receive the energy. It's best to try and be quiet during the session on Sun. Feb. 3 and just notice what is happening in your body. You can sit or lie down. You can still be active and get good results during the session but optimal results are obtained by being quiet during the session. It's ok to sleep during the session. It's helpful to not bathe right after the session, wait until the next morning. Try to avoid cold drinks the night of the main session. It's also good to take it easy the next day after the session and if you exercise do it very moderately. It's best to use the energy for healing and not for a lot of activity. The energy can continue to work in your body several days or more after the session.
Kenanga Research, in a note yesterday evening, reversed its rating on Sime Darby from a hold to a sell, noting that the announcement was “extremely negative” as the provisioning was “much larger than what the investment community had been forcasting.”
6) iPod. Music is an essential part of my writing process. Every project has a playlist to put me in “the zone” of the story or the character, (See How Music Helped Me Write A Novel). If I’m writing a random piece, like a blog post, I select an established playlist to set the mood. For example, right now I’m listening to Owl City’s All Things Bright and Beautiful album from my “Feel Good” playlist.
SMACKKKKKKKK!!!!! The sobs get longer, and the counting starts lagging behind.
ULTRAMAN: THE MOTION PICTURE debuts, the first in a long series of Ultraman theatrical features.
I have very sensitive skin. Not to the point that I get rashes or irritation, but to the point that I have to be very careful about which products I use on my face because I get red itchy eyes, super dry skin, and the occasional small bumpy breakout. Recently, I wanted to find something more natural to put on my face. Something that didn't have many ingredients and something that didn't have the undesirable parabans and chemicals.
“…I was composing in my thoughts the scheme and sequence of the ideas destined by me for publication and did not know then how to begin either?
Since the popular blogs I have glanced at at the moment fail to discern the overly-cautious quality of statements from officials and experts -- designed to protect themselves from even small possibilities of being wrong or underestimating events -- I offer readers a more accurate site for a few-times-a-day (but not hourly) review of information: Expert information can at times be much better information. This is one such time. From the Nuclear Energy Institute (who will not profit from understatement, but only from accuracy -- they must maintain credibility, and that means giving out accurate information):
I barely got this stupid catalog where I fell desperately in love with it.
Alongside his former classmates and friends, Mohamed had attended some of the peaceful opposition protests – generally sit-ins or marches – that have been a regular feature in Mauritania during the past year. He was an amiable and popular young man, known for his wit, humour and compassion, a devoted husband and father. His friends and family all attest to his personality and disposition as one of balance and virtue. In other words, not an excitable person prone to rash behaviour. Mohamed was in a difficult situation regarding his income and employment, but he was not depressed or ready to give up.
It is fragile, her soft crying. No one else will see or know,
4) Rinse the cabbage 3 times and drain very well. You might need to press the cabbages firmly to remove the extra moisture.
I've reached the point in Janathon where it seems to have been going on forever, but it still has forever to go. I think if I can push through this coming week with exercise every day, then I will have cracked it, but oh lordy it is v hard, what with work being über busy, Lumpy the Badger Baby developing teeth and not sleeping, the injury and all, it just seems there aren't hours in the day enough to exercise and blog and also to read and comment on other blogs.
2) I adore the completely Russian feel to the story. I've always been a sucker for stories involving the cold winters and warm coats and beautiful gala dances of this culture. And the white stag just felt so magical and perfect and was such a rich and wonderful addition.
Refrigerate for a few hours or overnight.
It was kinda nice saying charge it to our room!!!
Today is also a big day the DS turned 26! It is hard to believe that the little newborn boy is all grown up taller than mom and dad and planning his own wedding. Wish I was closer to have given him a big hug today.
His critics describe him as arrogant.
She will come up to you and give your leg a giant hug and then kiss it before she walks away.
Infowars.com REPORTER Contest
I don’t know which was more embarrassing: having the two bobbly things sliced off or having the consultant comment unfavourably on my bright yellow socks.
Move, dance and sing with the flow of what comes forth! Such Beauty is wanting to be born! Can you feel this? There is never a time when you are away from this Power! It is so very close, waiting to be set free through your deep letting go.
A woman on the Upper East Side found what?
The second disc starts off with a fantastic extra for Kubrick fans – a newly re-mastered transfer of Killer’s Kiss (1955), a low budget film noir the director made prior to The Killing. Shot on the streets of New York City, it concerns a small-time boxer by the name of Davey Gordon (Jamie Smith) who is past his prime. He becomes romantically involved with his neighbor and dancer Gloria Price (Irene Kane) while also getting mixed up with her violent boss Vincent Rapallo (Frank Silvera). Kubrick’s background in documentaries is evident in the way he shoots every day life in New York. The city is almost a character unto itself and the film serves as a fascinating snapshot of a metropolis that no longer exists.
I'll do that on Monday and update it if need be.
The Futility Closet is an interesting site with little bits and pieces of fascinating information. Check it out.
So, if you didn't realize it already. I am a classy girl. Just ask my niece.
We’ve gotten lots of yard work done and have done some fun things.
Saturday, April 28, 2012
The original section 92A was the subject of much comment and speculation in the media – it will be interesting to see what public and industry response there is to the current proposal. The deadline for submissions is Friday 7 August 2009".If you're thinking of responding, do please note the deadline (why are important deadlines so often in the middle of the holiday period -- or are there no holidays in New Zealand at that time?). And if you want to discuss this topic with Elena, who is definitely an enthusiast, you can email her here
This truly is a life changing message and Idon’t do it justice. Father I pray in Jesus name that some will watch and some will ponder the 2 paths of life today and that Love Grace Mercy and Truth are our banner today in Jesu mighty name.
Poor me, she conjectured, for having parents who would react so unfairly to their own daughter and valuable employee. Her parents would never do that.
Khar, an ex-parliamentarian and son of a wealthy Pakistani governor, was eventually cleared of the attack, though many believe he could have used his family connections to escape conviction.
tag to help put me in the mood. Come on
Worst Wrap Job Ever... 6 dollars
Friends, if a taste of bitter is what you are feeling as Mother's Day approaches, let me encourage you. It might take twenty four years, but one day it will hurt less. One day you will be able to breathe again. One day you will be able to go outside the safety of your home on Mother's day and not want to punch every daughter taking her own mom for granted or mom taking her children for granted. God is with you today. Our savior, he can move mountains....I have witnessed it. He is mighty to save, and he wants so desperately to save you. He CONQUERED the grave! He did...he did it for you and for me. For me, dreading Mother's Day, I believe became a habit. I am going to break that habit right now, replacing it with looking it as an opportunity to pray specifically for each hurting heart out there...each heart that is dreading Mother's Day.
So anyway, we come out of the grocery store and the TM says "Obama's Gone!"
But that is friends.
Phreak: What do I do?
I think effectively communicating the knowledge of economics to the public can help to a degree. But even with a better education, economics will always collide with ideology. The ideology will win most of the time. It is a tough battle to fight, but I have hope that we can continue to hammer facts out of data and make stronger and stronger cases over the long run. Of course, as a famous fellow once said, in the long run….
But back to the baking. So I like baking because I can spend all day in the kitchen and focus on things that make sense (1/2 a cup of sugar, 1 cup of milk, pour into bowl) rather than all the things that don't make sense (men, the education system, the future of my career). In addition to the calming aspect of baking, I like the fact that I can give away the things I make. It's hard to cook well for one person, and I get tired of having to invite people over all the time. Besides, who wants to come over every night just to eat my new things?
Thanks so much for stopping by and hello to the new followers! I appreciate you all so much! Once I hit 100 followers I'll host another blog candy giveaway!!
Black Angus.
the kind of love she may never find.
….. Who made his blood flow quicker, he must have known her from another life, I mean this was that uuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuwwwwwwiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii feeling. First hand raw emotion, and then she smiled, he knew at that moment that he had to write a song, a dirge maybe, because he had just died, went straight to heaven, and some may even say she made him die a thousand deaths at that very moment.
After that we’re quite sure his career will take a dramatic turn for the better. People will quit screwing him over. The sun will come out and the muses will smile down upon him. Heck, he might even win a slew of Academy Awards!
Oooops . . . I seem to have gotten off on a bit of a tangent . . . I nearly forgot the reason for today's post!! I have a new card to share with you! One I made just for fun!!!
FIVE PURPLE THINGS,
Would someone please provide me with a scriptural reference.
Gerbera Daisy!
Here's the catch, though: those objects at the Lagrangian points are only in stable orbits if they're much less massive than their parent body. These same simulations have shown that it's quite possible for these early Trojans to start accreting to a mass over the stability limit...at which point they come spiraling to the Earth.
03 Heads Will Roll
"They tried to block us, and got into our website and damaged it," says Shai.
lemon zest ( a bout 1/2 tsp-1 tsp or so)
But I'm dropping pounds, so it's worth it. And I'm not exactly giving up things. I'm using Julia Child's philosophy of just enjoying small portions of the best available. With me and the steroids, it's more like tiny, minuscule portions to have success.
Mashed potatoes………. and gravy
Psalm 19:14 The Message
On any Sunday night you can count upwards to a dozen Jet lights stretching from Brooklyn through Staten Island and into New Jersey.
Next time: I want to look at how the rules of relationships need to change to accommodate the needs of meltdown-prone adults.
It is not possible to know for sure, whether we did or didn't evolve from apes. Even that aside, evolution does not have to fall outside the boundaries of the Bible. Genesis 1 clearly states that man was created last in order to care for the world around him. Any phylogenetic tree or rendition of the fossil record will show you that evolutionarily speaking, humans arrived "on the scene" last. But because Genesis gives no concrete definition of time, who is to say how many years = a day in Genesis 1? Is it then not also possible, that evolution could be God's method of sculpting out the world and all that fills it?
It has become clear to me now what David Cameron was actually talking about when he revealed his vision for a 'Big Society. At the time, to be honest, I thought it was a hallucinogenic mopping up operation aimed at Socialists and Left-leaners that had lost their way with Labour.
When you get a movie that seems like it’s going to be a mixture of something from Bridesmaids (producers), Forgetting Sarah Marshall (director), and straight-up Judd Apatow (also producer) comedy, you would think think that this would be laugh out loud funny, right? Ehhh, who knows!
Band around card: 1 3/4" wide x 9 1/2" wide
1 Jn 1:3-4 (Phi) We repeat, we really saw and heard what we are now writing to you about. We want you to be with us in this–in this fellowship with the Father, and Jesus Christ his Son. We write and tell you about it, so that our joy may be complete.
The Anti-Eviction Campaign sees the constant arrest of its members (with the matter either never making it to court or getting thrown out of court) as a violation of people’s rights. It is an intimidation tactic that police officers use punish activists all over South Africa and make residents scared to protest in the future.
We were returning to our hotel after exploring Palma. Being on holiday, the world looked different compared to the day-to-day life of home. I was relaxed and full of sights, sounds, smells, and even flavors of the city. My eyes were looking everywhere. Then here’s this man who looks intent on where he’s going, seemingly immersed in serious thought.
I contemplated not going in to work. But I did. There were ... I want to say four of us ... who were "Deadheads", two of us who had done tour (me and one other). The other one had called out. I think one guy with whom I could commiserate was there that night. Every time we passed one another in the kitchen or at the bar, we'd just keep repeating the same thing over and over, and I don't even remember what it was, but I know it was something like.... "really? What's going to happen? How is this possible?"
Bobby take sth ecetner of the cage. Quick bombo by Cody. Brents gets up in against the cage and lands a nice knee, but Cody counters with a hard hook. Bobby gets a leg and bring it up high, and then gets the take down.
If I had to give out awards for the festival, here are a few:
Things had been pretty quiet as far as insurgent activity, though there had been a consistent presence in the area in the past (and it continues–the Provincial Capital still frequently gets bombed). But things were fairly calm for the summer. Police arrested people and politicians went to work and tried not to be corrupt. One such man, an elected member of the Provincial Council, had a son who was somewhere between 8 and 10 years old. He went to school. He played soccer. He was probably a bit mischievous at home.
The last 'C' is a sense of commitment -- commitment to contribute to society. If we think of being useful to people rather than about gaining something out of them, then corruption can be rooted out. Everyone has needs and responsibilities. We need to see how we can reduce our needs and increase our contribution. This is absolutely essential in today's world. When the equation between needs and responsibility is disturbed, there is chaos.
But I tell you; it is a complete turn around from watching tv shows from my pre-pregnancy time in comparison to viewing television with a newborn. True Blood seems to be on every other day. My life just went on turbo mode where time passes fast.
Finally, some sunshine! It was beautiful out with clear skies towards the ocean and some clouds toward the mountains (typical).
Ginger wine (optional or you can also use rice wine), 1 tablespoon
tweaker
In the Spider’s web—
Grace conjures up $30
Mike Love / At the gates of conscious; construction zone / 65-66
4. It builds your self-motivation to take the necessary actions, lighting a spark of what can be for yourself.
The Blessed Guardians especially Guardian Hope, and the Fugleman really annoyed me. And if they didn't I would've been really concerned, because they were written to be despised for their constraints and ulterior motives. Again, I wanted to know more about them, and what their "normal" life would consist of - surely they would have some other attachments, you know, other than being pains in the butt?
I'm a dedicated self-portraitist because I'm usually not too comfortable making my dumb "modelface" in front of other live humans.
There are many things that are impeding the progress of the sport of track and field. One of the big ones is the lack of competition among the world’s top male sprinters. Every era that has thrived has done so on the backs (feet) of the thoroughbreds of the sport going at it with regularity. Jim Hines, Charlie Greene, John Carlos, and Tommie Smith in the ‘60’s. Steve Williams, Don Quarrie, Silvio Leonard, Hasley Crawford and Harvey Glance in the 70’s. James Sanford, Carl Lewis, Calvin Smith, Stanley Floyd, Raymond Stewart, and Ben Johnson in the 80’s. Carl Lewis, Linford Christie, Leroy Burrell, Dennis Mitchell, Donovan Bailey, Bruny Surin, Ato Boldon, Maurice Greene and Frankie Fredericks in the 90’s. It’s no coincidence that attendance at meets was high, and there were a lot more meets during these eras. And the funny thing is that some of the most revered names in the sport reside among that list – competing often and even losing didn’t seem to harm their legacies.
They also have great posts from other ambassador bloggers, help for indexing and for searching the 1940 census!
Electric motors are capable of very high efficiency, over 90%, one the reason they're attractive to "alternative energy" folks. As you might expect, weighing against this advantage are some disadvantages. One is that being connected across the power line lets AC motors draw high peak currents, as much as seven to 10 times normal operating currents, at start up. This is one of the reasons for the starting capacitor many motors have, and large motors (like central air conditioners) will sometimes have a "soft start" kit. Obviously, these current surges can affect other devices on the same circuit.
That you said you didn't want to fade
Maybe thinking that everything is going as well as it should is a good idea, rather than assuming something bad could happen any minute.
_____ATTENTION!!!! For your safety and well being I offer the following advice: Deeper, Harder, and Faster are NOT the best "safe words" to use!!!!!
I started this blog post a few days ago, and subsequently changed my mind about publisihing it, for the simple reason that if I continued to write it I’d lose my temper and do something silly. Adorning the top of this post you will see two images. Look VERY closely at them for they are documented proof that freedom of speech and expression in this country is not only dead, it’s decomposing and leaving a stinking, rotting stench behind. A stench which I fear is spreading, rather fucking quickly. Let alone the lack of any sort of legitimate justice.
"Ziggy man! How you doing?"
Here is a pic of the first skein:
Altamira Ranch represents the manifestation of the dreams and visions for generations of one California family. Occupying 20-acres along the rugged coastline of the Palos Verdes Peninsula, the undeveloped site held memories of childhood camping trips, family picnics, and romantic sunsets between husband and wife. Because of this sense of place, the clients wanted to maintain the “untouched” feel of the land as much as possible in the design of their 15,500 square foot family complex and to connect it to the surrounding landscape both physically and visually.
I am not certain what to make of “Cure.” The premise--a newly contacted alien race has a mitracle cure all they are willing to share--has to wind up a dud by the conclusion. Since we already know that is going to happen, the journey there has to be the interesting part. The journey in this case revolves around the mythology of the Tok’ra. Maybe I am not geeky enough to care much, but the trip to the predictable end is not much of a thrill.
You can see in this photo where the original bath house was. The brick wall is original up to the crumbly part as well as the bottom of the pillars. Here is a closer look:
Several of my favorite lines: “my self esteem is through the roof because no one’s been truthful with me.”
Make sure the bunny looks like it makes sense- just use your judgement.Just fiddle around till it looks right.
drain the bulgur wheat and squeeze out as much water as you can. this is very important to do. if using the tea towel, bring the sides up and twist it to extract as much water as you can.
The Facts
Scarf - Covent Garden Market (Wear 1)
That's all folks, I'd love to have you come back to my little area of the world wide web to read future blog posts - if you haven't already, please consider subscribing, then you'll have my post straight in your in-box (if you can bare it). If you are not already a follower, consider becoming a follower too as I am well overdue a give-away for my blogaversary which happened while I've been busy sorting out. There will be something special for my followers to celebrate this, so it will be my followers that are up for a little something (not sure what it is yet, but I will make it nice)!
Fill liners 2/3 full and bake for 20-22 minutes.
Top Tip Tuesday- Anything Goes (my tip.. to make that cute sparkly frame I ran it through my xyron UPSIDE down.. so the sticky was on the front of it and covered it with glitter! Fun Fast and Easy Sparkly Embellies!!)
One of the best things about this book is the characters. I loved them Especially Allison, Zeke and Kanin.
3.Mention 7 random things about yourself.
Hat tip: Dad/Mom
An indoor reception followed the ceremony, with beautiful candlelit tables, gold plates, and gold chairs. Guests enjoyed catering provided by Viaggio Winery, which included several appetizers, filet mignon, shrimp, portobello mushroom, and lamb. The fabulous meal was followed by Divine Desserts’ scrumptious three-tiered ivory cake, with details of ivory roses around each layer.
* The color scheme (peachy pink, red, gold and kraft/grey)
So my wife and I were still talking the other day about whether or not we should
Whatever happens this one is a success.
Sometimes I suspect that Pelecanos picks a song just because he likes it so much and wants his readers to like it, too. (Like 2 or 3 lines, he doesn't write about a song unless he has something good to say about it.)
Pour this into the yeast bowl.
2012’s Songsmith Gathering features dynamic and prolific songwriters Sarah Siskind, Moses Atwood, Jill Andrews and Chris Rosser and helps provide funding for SAFE, Inc, a non-profit offering programs and services to victims of domestic violence and sexual assault. SAFE has served Transylvania County’s victims of domestic and sexual violence for over 25 years, averaging over 350 clients a year with programs that provide support and education for victims and their families as well as a Domestic Violence Intervention Program.
Over the next few days (weeks?), Inside Cabaret will be posting interviews with the graduating Cabbie class of 2012. We’ve put together a wonderful insightful exit interview of sorts–appropriately named the Cabaret Cuestionnaire (sic)–that gives us access into the personalities and experiences of these wonderful people.
CALLER: You said, "Nigger, nigger, nigger."
Hidden the Hunger,
It was a fantastic night!! I had 6 people (not including myself) at my first meeting tonight...including one dad! The vibe was amazing- so supportive, and loving. It really reinforced the fact that Unschooling United is *needed* in our community...a place for find support for ourselves. The worry in the back of my head, that I'm not worthy of the facilitator role :), felt totally unfounded and downright SILLY once the meeting progressed and the discussion flowed. It was just GOOD.
to be weeded...I mean, picked!
The contrast between Billi and her father, Arthur, was all the stronger by her being a daughter following in her father’s footsteps.
I read the headlines in the daily news...
This is my first attempt...the idea was to show the egg in a basket. Remember the Easter egg hunts of your childhood and that feeling when you found your first egg? That is the memory I tried to capture in this ZIA I call "The hunt is on."
It’s 1968. Helena runs Albion PR in London’s Wardour Street, looking after ‘difficult’ stars. She hires 19 year-old Billy to teach him the secrets of the business. Saving the reputations of her clients involves an outrageous amount of lying and cheating, but neither Helena nor Billy realize this innocent era is about to come crashing to an end…
Anyway, the film convinced me that women were fully capable of serving bravely on the battlefield. If a Jewish American Princess can do it, so can Betty Boop. Witches have the added advantage of being able to hex the enemy before getting into close combat.
It’s funny – for the past year or so I’ve thought of myself more as a pantser than a plotter. Sure, I spend most of my time planning stories, and I usually have at least a basic outline when I start writing, but I generally toss that outline fairly soon into the writing process and just write what comes to me. I always have to start out with a basic overview of what will happen, but if I get too specific in the outline, I either don’t finish the story or completely ignore the outline.
Since all of this bullshit has been taken care of, things have been going wonderfully. Besides being exhausted and behind on all of my bills, of course.
The walk home was all uphill - necessary after the hot chocolates.
I consider it one of my favorite places in the world, but California's low desert has always been a bit spooky and melancholy to me. As we often drive the Coachella Valley into Palm Springs, I find myself growing quiet, almost solemn as I stare out the car window and into its vastness. That movie scene probably has something to do with it.
Everyone wins: The acquirer gains something new for very little cost, the giver doesn’t have to deal with the shame and hassle of throwing it away and the environment benefits from one less needlessly-junked landfill item. It’s basically free ecommerce for social good.
Dowd: we’re adding jobs and if that continues
He died il 18 February 1564 having made testament: he left his soul in God’s hands, his body to the earth and all his belongings to the “closest relatives”.
around and was told you specialize in tribal tats. Is that so?”
But, in the audience there was a little bit of theater. The Chancellor had come in. He was sitting in the corner, in the last row of seats, away from the action and slouched down to avoid recognition. And, quietly slipping
3. Jewish proverbs:
2 out of 5 – Drinking, Drugs, and/or Smoking – At a bar, Phoney and Smiley enjoy several beers. Speaking of Smiley, literally every panel he’s seen in always depicts him with a cigarette in his mouth.
111. A wild windstorm to watch from the safety and warmth of my living room - all natural entertainment!
We set out as a Unitarian Universalist Minister and a Catholic Franciscan Sister aspiring to be Faithful Fools. We had both come to a place in our lives where we longed to be faithful to a way of being and seeing in the world. Our many and varied experiences in life led us to one, simple truth - we are all human. No amount of wealth or education, nor any particulr place or religion protects us from suffering or assures us of joy. We have an unabashed belief that everyone has the potential to change and be changed and the work is for a lifetime.
What’s wrong with that picture? It’s that no Pittsburgh Penguins’ skaters are touching Wayne Simmonds as he puts a goal past Flower. If you want to tear Flower to shreds over the series, that’ fine, he can take it; but at least rationally acknowledge that he was given minimal defensive support.
China has outgrown the United States, when it comes to daily downloads of free applications. The country tallied more than 1.1 million daily downloads from within the top 300 most popular free apps. By comparison, the U.S. tallied “just below” 1 million daily downloads, Distimo said.
1: Nex-violent death, murder
In such a situation the worst thing that could happen which is death actually becomes the best thing that could happen. We remember the words of 1 Corinthians 15:54; “Death is swallowed up in victory.”
We are the parents of five lively children, and live in a rural suburb surrounded by eagles and coyotes. We spend our free time reading, writing, and playing make-believe with our children. In our not so free time, we teach.
From the book Soft Moon Shining:
“No one, sir,” she said.
Colossians 3:12 Therefore, as God’s chosen people, holy and dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.
She sighs with long suffering.
Doug, inspired by a slide show on Facebook recreated this amazing lantern. He is truly an artist. After the original tiny pumpkin fell to the floor (a la Humpty Dumpty) he replaced it with a spaghetti squash.
Poetry can be very exciting for young children. It is rhythmic and lyrical, with interesting word play; the words can be soothing, joyful, funny, silly, serious, sad.... Reading poetry to young children helps them to develop listening and auditory processing skills, as well as visualization skills.
Anyway, numbers are still a huge part of our little boy's life. If he gets excited about something, he will excitedly say, "One thousand dollars!"
(Can I just tell you what Charlie would do with those pretty books if I put them on my stairs? It would be anything but pretty)
the scientist prepares to
Young People (Japan…Shiro Toyoda)
Tomorrow…really. ;)
- Scrapbook 3 layouts.
Maddie was watching over us
This is a personal post designed for Write On Edge’s RememebeRED memoir:
*What does it all mean?
If you read and meditate on the whole chapter of Psalm 139, God will bless you and speak to you, tells you “who you really are” through His words.
some estranged traveler might
Maya did a beginner's hand-sewing class at Jo-Anne's fabric store today. They made monsters out of T-shirts. She (and I) learned about pinning & cutting from a pattern, how to do a running stitch, and how to backstitch.
Satin Safe, six minutes of noise that would be associated with Loop rather than Chapterhouse, saturated in feedback. Rain is a Beatles cover, if you think of the fab four on a delay and reverb overload, that is about the size of it. Feel the Same completes the EP and it brings the listener back to what are good at soft vocals and dynamic guitars. Towards the end of the track there is a bit too much of a wig out, the Marychain would of been proud of this one.
Getting my Magazines
3/19/12 – Atlanta, GA @ Mint Gallery
Morton Arboretum: Experience the lush wildflowers and foliage along the five and three mile network of paved roadways at the Morton Arboretum in Lisle. There are some rolling hills but this is truly an oasis in the western suburbs. You do have to pay to park and can only run on the paved roads–not the trails.
So many tears
However, as stated above the consequences so far described are only first round effects. Those other banks and financial institutions who lose out big time when the Bank goes bust, may find that for some of them this is the straw that broke the camel's back, which will expose what a sham the recent European Bank Stress Tests really were. Some of them may go bust too. But, in that case the very same argument, the very same response from workers should be made. The workers in those banks should occupy them too, and take them over as Co-ops. In fact, that would open the door to those banks combining with the AIB Co-op, and the Co-op Bank in Britain, and other Co-op organisations throughout Europe to form a very powerful financial Co-operative indeed. Some of the organisations that have invested in these banks may be large or medium sized enterprises who may also go bust, but again the answer is the same, the workers should occupy the only thing that has real value, the factories, shops and offices, and the equipment within them. They should continue to operate them under workers control, and demand the right to take them over and run them as Workers Co-operatives as the workers in Argentina have done over the last few years when their businesses went bust, and as the workers at UCS did in the 1970's.
“Us & Them” is dominated by the stately organ of Wright, but “Any Colour You Like” turns into a group jam. Waters dominates on the bass by the ending, producing a similar situation to the ending of “Shine On You Crazy Diamond Parts 6-9.”
Did you know that I even have the power to read ALL the books “HE” wants to read. Somehow I suppose, he is able to extract the knowledge from the books from me to him through osmosis. (Actually, that is one that I would LOVE to know how to do) Oh, the books I would read…
the best part: as soon as we got home - ryan shaved the stache. (no "mo-lingers" in this house). he had done his movember duty... goodbye jeff, hello doogie!
rewarded in so many ways for creating this space where children can gather to
In fact, if you were to go by SoE PR statistics, there’s no cocaine here, all the guns were confiscated, there are no gang members…..so technically Trinidad and Tobago is a crime-free state with ganja-addicted frozen chicken!
So far, the 'anti-cuts movement' - to the extent that such a movement can be said to exist - has indeed been largely restricted to workers in the state sector. But surely, if they were winning, there would be no cause for complaint! The real issue from a working class perspective is that they are losing, and losing badly! We have to ask ourselves why this is, rather than blaming or writing off the victims.
It covers good ground and gives you enough detail to start to get to grips with Oracle SOA Suite, JDeveloper and the Oracle Enterprise Manager. Some of the theories, practices and architectural choices are a little sub-optimal in my opinion, but as a ‘way in’ to understanding what Oracle SOA Suite can offer and how you could leverage value from it as a service developer, I would definitely recommend it over the default Oracle offerings.
Be careful who you choose to invite to the party. I highly recommend that your wedding guest list include the names on the engagmeent party list, especially if you're getting married in the same town or close by. You risk the chance of offending guests not invited to the wedding. They may think that they were only invited to the engagement party for their gifts.
Friday morning, I had to wake up early and take the El (Chicago’s above-ground public transportation) into the city for meeting at Medill’s newsroom. After a few speeches and lectures, Admit Days came to close, and I met up with one of my friends who lives in Chicago’s South Loop. She loves to eat almost as much as I do, so we always have food-related adventures whenever I’m in town visiting.
We had a peak view from the new Alexa camera by Arri:
Two fabulous fathers posing as baseball coaches saw me near the playground. I suppose the look of abject terror clued them in. “You lose somebody? We’re on it.” Cell phones clicked open and pickup trucks moved out to canvas the grounds. God love a small town where everyone knows everyone.
Fruits and berries offer tremendous health enhancing qualities and contain hundreds of naturally occurring vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, amino acids, enzymes, essential fatty acids, fiber & phytonutrients. The 4 “Super Fruits” contained in Chews-4-Health are considered by many experts to be the most nutrient rich fruits the world has to offer. Our carefully selected super-fruit complex gives you the power of all 4 in one supplement.
FL. Amelia LOVED the zoo! She went crazy!! And we couldn't have picked a better day to go! I was 83 out and just beautiful!!!
Will you please pray for a way for me to go?
I am the person who observes the world as it passes along, my passengers who passed their gems of knowledge to me I give thanks.
We still don't know why this happened, what caused my body to decide he was better off outside than inside. We don't know why we were fortunate enough to have him survive, when the odds were so against him and so many others weren't as lucky. We do realize everyday that we have a fighter, that we are blessed that he is with us, and that we are changed forever. We are now part of the 1 in 8.
And why would he? What groom would sit humiliated on the pew, the object of everyone’s curiosity, after his bride-to-be hadn’t shown up? He’s probably looking for Zanna, and dear Lord, please help him find her . . . help us all find answers to questions we never dreamed we’d be asking on their wedding day.
I’ll be less distracted and work on things for a sustained period of time, and yes…FINISH them.
“Al-Raas’ case is at a crucial stage and he is understandably very anxious and fearful,” said AIC Secretary General Alex Neve, who recently met with minister of state of foreign affairs Diane Ablonczy.
Among the Network’s returning reality series are THE AMAZING RACE, UNDERCOVER BOSS and the previously renewed SURVIVOR.
There are many directions in which I could take this concept, but the one in which I have the greatest interest is the slow erection of a habitat for socialist premises and Big Government in the United States.
City of Ruin by Mark Charan Newton
" Czechoslovakia ."
Being a writer is mostly about developing a habit. Talk to any writer and then another and you'll find those habits are all different. Some write in the morning. Others write through the night. Some write daily. Others take breaks. But all writers have habits.
Farmer Giles informed me that the cows were happy.
22. Wild strength (03:22)
"Prior to cooking, the development and implementation of financing path"
"Ahh!! Anneyong Candida! Here, odeng!"
I admit that I spent a great deal of time on Saturday wondering if I was really cut out for this life. Was I really prepared to parent this many children? Ok, I take that back. Was I really cut out to parent this many challenging children? Well, not really the little ones. Was I really cut out to parent this many teenagers? All at one time? Really God?
Massive muscular guy wants sensual bottom sissies for autumn
It is with sadness that we bid a final farewell to Ginny. We wish you the best of luck in your travels and hope that St Vitus will protect you and bring you joy in your life.
Last week, there is an announcement by our Government on the disbursement of RM500 to help reduce the financial burden. Those who eligible to receive the 'assistance' will need to complete and submit a form to the Income Tax Department for registration.
Here most of the scenarios have extensive force lists for easy checking, though the full pdf is referenced too. There are units for all of the six new factions, including some of those Creatures and Behemoths - tripods too - as well as Earth forces. It's hard to look through the names and equipment and not want to get straight to work modelling them. ArmChairGeneral has been heading off this need recently too, and if you follow his blog you'll have seen and heard about various options, including original WtNW miniatures.
i was at school doing my english project so i BRBed for an hour to hang with my fellow key clubbers. when i went back, my group had decided it was too cold and windy to work so… i spent the rest of the hour at the booth!
Recommended wine varieties for comparisons with Torrontés are:
And the kings sleep in the ground.
Bruno Tonioli declared that Driver had pizazz, confidence and a powerful stage presence. “You should be in the theater,” he advised. I agree. Imagine Driver as a musical headliner? I’d go to see him.
As we near the end of this week, both kids and mom are sick with fevers, sore throats, cough and just all around feeling yucky. Hoping next week is a little smoother.
If you click on the picture, it'll take you to my Flickr page where I listed the link to the pattern. He was made as a bean bag by the original designer, if you can believe? Too cute to throw around, I think!!! I stuffed him with crushed walnut shells that I got at Petco in their bird department. It gives it nice weight while still being somewhat floppy. (Not only that, but it's good for your needles!)
Like someone’s first car, this blog has served us well, and is comfy – if a bit shabby nowadays. So we’ve spent ages poring over copies of Exchange and Mart, and chosen ourselves a new set of wheels. We’ve even got one with a radio. And cup holders.
eating, and most of all, your encouragement.
It's been an exciting month as I have completed two and a half goals!!!
As far as one can tell, there is no breakdown of crime rates or convictions by religion. This is the first hurdle we face in trying to gain an overview of Muslim crime in a broad, statistical sense. A breakdown for crimes such as terrorism-related offenses could undoubtedly be put together relatively easily, but it would fail to give us any insight into any other type of crime.
May our Father YHWH ha Elohiym judge every bitch and bastard in the government of the United States who has participated in this treason.
but it is not technically winter yet.” Holy fuck. You think I give a shit? Well guess what? It is goddamned winter now you prescriptivist prick. “Why?” Because I fucking said so, bitch. As I was saying before I was rudely interrupted, these weirdo roots were pretty darn good with the exception of the rutabaga. That
Inevitably it pauses briefly only to strike out like an angry frog in a sock, mutating rapidly into all-out spazzcore punk. And by then, the kids are coiled like springs waiting for any excuse to start bouncing off each other. Low Fat’s sound was clear as a bell and the aggression they generate filed the place to the rafters. They get a well deserved 5 FISTS.
1. I like even numbers. The radio volume has to be on an even number, always.
This, in my opinion, outlines why it's great to have fans but better to convert those same fans into brand stewards.
On Thursday, I had the pleasure of meeting a dear friend, her fiance and his family in Miami for the finale of Bal Harbour Art Nights 2012. It was my first time at Bal Harbour Shops, and although I knew it be exclusive – it truly defines luxury shopping. I found myself viewing the shops and its fashion as works of art. Hosted by Bal Harbour Shops, Art Nexus and the St. Regis, art from local South Florida artists, museums and galleries were on display combining two art forms (Fashion & Art) harmoniously.
Lesli: 0 lbs
Our eldest granddaughter, Emmeline, depends on a daily injection of growth hormone to help her grow. With the family’s genes, she probably will never be very tall, but we all want her to reach her full potential. And she is getting there! A lovely girl whose very life is a miracle. This photo was taken several years ago as she was just beginning hormone therapy—Daddy marking the growth chart.
Once, when I was watching Elizabeth, my stepdaughter, earn her yellow belt in Taekwondo, I found myself crying while watching other kids compete. The children grinned contagiously, pulling the joy out of every parent in the room. Mind you, I wasn’t watching Elizabeth compete yet; I was watching children I didn’t even know.
Despite his efforts, Connor's eyes filled up; a few droplets soaked into his jeans. “Do you think she’s right? Do you think my dad would be disappointed in me?”
one bag of chocolate chips
At the time I was listening to a Frank Turner song and the lyric, You dance as if you’re hours away from death, jumped out at me. Bouncing ideas off my mum, she suggested I link it to the Rite of Spring, as dancing to death and Stravinsky go hand in hand.
Every once in a while it helps to gain a little perspective on where we truly stand, to snatch a glimpse of our true place among the stars.
Ok, you've got a missed connection between the last sentence of the first paragraph and the first sentence of the second paragraph. Consider this: But the Tourist Boards' Ernie Shodabruski has a plan: award an all-expense paid tour of Entropia on a game show.
Indiana obstetricians fear, oppose midwifery because it cuts into their business
In other words, Wildrose has ideological fault lines a mile wide. The PCs could and should have exploited this weakness. Simply put, they could have split apart Wildrose by appealing to different parts of its base. Surely, there must still exist in the hearts of one-time PC supporters some residual loyalty for the old Tory brand name.
Canned: Maui Big Swell IPA
If you have questions about our services or suspect someone has an eating disorder, please call 414-454-6694 or visit our website. If you would like to schedule an appointment for an assessment, please call 414-773-4312.
Welp....I guess I missed my sweet Beck's two months, so here we are, finally putting some pictures up:) We are still here, I promise...just a little preoccupied with these precious boys we have!
We have a length of sidewalk running down the back yard hill that has many annuals planted along it; hostas, ferns, morning glories, sweet peas and the like. Towards late summer early fall the intruding vines that look like the leaves of a morning glory over take this area strangling the other plants unless you are diligent about weeding....we'll we all know my joy of gardening so yeah I'm not really dilligent, but, I find it just as beautiful to see these leafy vines over take the back yard before winter hits. the leaves go everywhere, up lilac trees, over the fencing and cover the pathway. our club was for socks one could create knitting top down or bottom up and i did manage to create a pattern that would look the same in Controlled burn no matter which direction you started in, but, for this sock I wanted there to be a marked difference because the wines in my back yard don't grow in one direction so when you knit one top down and then one toe up your vines look like what i see every fall. Theres a faux cable running up each side with some stitching done to mimic a rocky pathway between the fron and back of the leg. And, the leaves run back onto the heel instead of having a traditional patterned heel.
Me: “That’s horrible.”
"I think it's you." she says turning up her nose.
Start by selecting what you would like to cut out. I wanted to cut out the children's names... so I did a J&E. I used my Cricut. You can pretty much put anything. I cut it out twice, because I didn't know which direction it would need to be on the ornaments. You can know that it is the correct way, not the backwards way. Then you put that on the ornament... being that ornaments are round and the letters were made on a flat piece of paper... you need to make small cuts in it to be able to get it to go around the ornament in a way in which all the little pieces go down... take your time...
I have been "working" on being present w/ Kathrynn in each moment.
Chop Bar because I had a massive wipeout on a concrete slab on my way to a chop bar on Wednesday.
That a habitable place
"For not upon these hills alone
I cut an oval in the card using a large oval Nestie. Then I cut 2 Nestability labels 5. One was stamped with the sentiment from Clarity stamps with Forest Moss Distress Ink, and then lightly sponged with Bundled Sage. The other was cut diagonally in half and layered under opposite corners of the journalling card to add a little extra interest.
Oh, and I'm 30 pages into Embassytown so far and can say it is utterly unique and breathtaking with the craftsmanship of the writing up to this point. I reckon you'll be wanting to read this book!
Marx starts working for a triangle choke, but Scott moves into side conrol. Now Marx gets him back into half guard, and then Marx reverses and gets on top.
Kyoto Animation’s second entry and the more controversy of the two since so many people after watching AIR, Haruhi, and Kanon where expecting something as instantly awesome as the first episode of Haruhi and something as pretty as AIR and Kanon or something that was like Azumanga Daioh. I hadn’t seen Azumanga Daioh yet and after reading the first couple of pages of the source material – and not finding it very funny – I lowered my expectations a lot and just tried to watch the first episode with a neutral frame of mind. I was still underwhelmed by this series, I’d probably have rated it a 6/12 or B- with the opening song and Lucky Channel carrying most of the weight. As the first few episodes dragged by it got a little better but I couldn’t help but feel disappointment starting to eat away at my bones. This changed though with the announcement of a director change after episode 4. Episode 5 was better than 4, 6 was better yet, 7 even better, and so it went. I found myself liking the show more and more – maybe it was the change in director or because I came to enjoy the characters – laughing at skits like Tsukasa and her cellphone or when Miyuki wins the race using her physical assets. Once I understood the show, it clicked. The show was not meant to be a comedy, at it’s core it a slice-of-life show – the normal everyday life of real people do not make good fodder for a comedy and that’s okay.
- Updating every small and big event across these forums, Status messages like “Time for Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner, dating, outing and at times even crib about bad day!” is a must mention.
7) Apple iTunes
So I'm dropping out of the mompetition. Don't try to drag me back in, either. I'm going to make the best decisions I can for my child, and I'll expect you to do the same, and we can send each other nothing but the best wishes. Okay?
5) Massive Riots
I also want to share about Autumn's progress. I'm actually nervous to type this out because everytime I comment on how well Autumn is doing something goes wrong and we take 2 steps back. ;) BUT I believe God is answering our prayers on healing & maturing Autumn's brainstem. This week I keep wanting to pinch myself because I honestly could never imagine this time would come. I know God's powerful enough but never was sure if it would be in His will to give us that miracle we've hoped for. Autumn's oxygen saturations have stayed between 97-100 ALL day. This is NOT normal for Autumn...she goes into the 70's & 80's about 10 times daily (sometimes turning dusky). She also has gagging episodes which makes her desat as well. WELL, this week we have only a couple of gagging episodes and within 5 days she's desatted into the 80's only 2 times!!! We have rarely had to suction her and she's been more alert and cooperating with her therapists and ALL over the house exploring. I even took her out yesterday by myself and never had to pull over to suction her (even when she coughed). Coughs usually turn into gagging fits and then turning dusky. I don't want to get my hopes up that this is actually the miracle we've been praying for and then we step back again but I know this too is also in God's perfect timing. So, I ask you keep on praying along with me that God's Will be done in Autumn's life as well and that this is the miracle we've been praying for.
Cases. A cellist’s case is always in the way. You leave the room for a short time and when you come back, the path to your seat is littered with cello cases of all colors, sizes and varieties. If the cellist in question has a hard case, the solution is easy: give it to someone to use as a wheelbarrow, or better yet, a doorstop. Even as a hiding place for bored younger siblings. If the offending case is soft and floppy, an even better solution is available: umbrella. If it’s raining, hold the case above your head, keeping yourself dry and giving the case back sopping wet. If no inclement weather is scheduled for rehearsal day, no fear! Doormats are always welcome. Perhaps you need a stretcher because a violinist got a hangnail. The possibilities are endless.
"In this case the unarmed farmer was first murdered while he was milking in the shed, and thereafter his unarmed wife was murdered in the house. This is the pattern of ethnic cleansing," president Ben Marais said.
The Times reports: “THE Prince of Wales has been found wanting in his efforts to save the world from global warming. Charles and his royal household have generated more than 1,500 tons of carbon dioxide in the past year, according to an independent audit.”
So that's it. Tomorrow I call up IIN and enroll. Batter up!
So now I'm pissed. Because my sister or not, the bank let her transfer money out of my bank account without my account number, or permission, or even being at the bank!! Now stupid me, but I think this is a problem. The bank shouldn't let anyone take money out of my account. Family or not.
It is BTC who start the brighter. Buoyed on by several men gruff men, all following the Barry Fry method of encouragement, they take the lead from a goal I can claim partial assistance to. It seemed reasonable to play the way I was facing and lay back to Marc Judd, but my pass lacked pace and accuracy. Although the danger was momentarily cleared, BTC scored from a volley from the resulting cross. With neither of us wanting to be held accountable for the goal, Judd and I exchanged insults for a moment or two.
Right after a big storm.
I am honored to have the endorsement of The News Virginian and of Jim Bailey, Republican Supervisor of the Beverley Manor District from 2001-2007. I have also had the privilege of multiple Volunteer Fire Fighters on my campaign along with Letters to The Editor in both newspapers supporting my bid for supervisor.
The rest of the story after this important message:
Enclosure 1 to War Diary No. 3
help us build
Mr Breitbart died suddenly on March 2, just before he was slated to release ‘damning’ footage of President Obama.
must be experienced as adapted, as "recognizable." The material of the senses adapted by the understanding, reduced to rough outlines, made similar, subsumed under related matters. Thus the fuzziness and chaos of sense impressions are, as it were, logicized;
Nothing. That's what.
On the other end of the rankings, UAB has taken a commanding lead for last place. The Blazers are 23 points on the wrong side of zero, with Memphis and Idaho giving chase four points back.
Beat egg whites on medium speed until frothy, then add cream of tartar, increase speed to medium-high and beat until soft peaks form. Increase speed to high and gradually add sugar a tablespoon at a time until the mixture is stiff and glossy. Rub a small bit between your fingers - all the sugar should have dissolved.
The LP is in good condition. It is not on CD.
Thank you for doing this interview and as always…any final comments?
An apologist of the translation reminds us that "the guiding principle of the new translation is a closer adherence to the Latin--not a sharper critique of our virtue." But this makes absolutely no sense. Who cares what the "guiding principle" was? The end result is that the Latin is more condemnatory for no discernible reason. And there is no scriptural grounding for this “sharper critique” either-- the first appearance of the prayer is in 1100 AD, over a millennium after Christ.
I have this uncomfortable feeling that he had some knowledge of our location before his arrival. We’re pretty far off the beaten path. A local wanderer might stumble across us, but there are several other places between us and any of the main roads. None of them reported any contact – actual or apparent – with this guy during our radio check. Anyone wandering in from one of the highways would almost assuredly have bumped into one of our neighbors before they arrived at our location.
19. A Message To You
-buttercream swirls
I don’t have anything else to say about this movie, other than I hated the child actor Thomas Horn so much by the end of the movie that I wish something terrible would happen to him by the end. His performance was remarkably grating and terrifically annoying, which is odd because director Stephen Daldry got such an amazing performance out of Jamie Bell at a young age in Billy Elliot. Massive dislike for this movie.
(for some reason, he found it funny.)
Townes Van Zandt - High, Low, and In Between/The Late Great Townes Van Zandt - 1972
What a terrific year it has been! Over the past 12 months you've made great strides: You're holding steady at (or nearing) your weight goal, exercising regularly, feeling healthier than ever and actually looking forward to the 2011 holidays--because now you know you'll be able to enjoy them without losing ground. And you reached this point because you were able to adopt positive habits and behaviors.
So this was a situation that had all the makings of a complete disaster. There was no way the Original Star Trek could escape some kind of technical tinkering and based on previous attempts there was every reason to fear the worst. Fortunately the man who was put in charge of the ‘remastering’ project right from the start was the very excellent Mike Okuda, and he asked a very important question, not of “what should we do?”, but “how much should we do?”
- snippets of card and paper
Highlights for me this year? There are always unknown, unexpected highlights, (last year including the movie premier of the amazing youtube clip compilation ‘Life in a Day,’ the appearances of Her Maj Camille Barker-Powles, and the less-than royal mastermind of wikileaks Julian Assange), but there are several appearances already circled in my Hay 2012 program vigorously enough to almost go through the paper:
How could they know except to see the glow on the face of Moses when he came down from meeting with God?
Let’s see how tomorrow’s GDP report turns out.
Matoti said the 11 would appear in the Rouxville Magistrate's Court on Thursday.
He wasn't elected. He doesn't represent the Greek people in a fashion that we are used to – running for election and winning the election. He was foisted on the Greek people by the EU – the very people he is going through the motions of negotiating with. His JOB was to get the Greeks to accept what the EU wants. If he isn't the most conflicted politician of all time, he is right up there.
"How is your heart?" Yuji Ono asked by way of greeting.
Favorites at Trader Joe’s:
I guess part of me always felt like he was a cop out on my part. Like, I was taking the easy way out by letting him take care of me. I don't deny that it's preferable to being single and alone, but then I still can't help but feel I pussied out. Then when it seemed as if we were done for good, I started to think about it all, and how, even if I'd met him in Sing, I'd probably still feel the same about him anyway.
Last night, I had a throbbing headache. (Thanks for passing those on, Mom!) I went to bed early and took one Benadryl. (I still have it this morning. *sigh*) So, I slept pretty hard for about 7 hours or so, before waking up from a really bizarre dream.
And the World Heavyweight Champion, the new look Bobby Roode, who cut his hair comes out to the ring.
“Sorry…the correct answer was MOOPS”
This takes place during ‘The Bonnie Situation’ part of the movie. This is where Jules and Vincent come to Jimmy’s (Tarantino) house to clear up the mess in their car after Vincent accidentally shoots Marvin in it. Needless to say, Jimmy is visibly upset with the situation he finds himself in and does not appreciate Jules much for putting him in it. This is the part where Tarantino utters one of the most memorable dialogues ever:
In England, my appreciation for the sun is a world away from my sunny expectations when living in California. Hence, if it’s sunny in England, I go outside and enjoy it. Today was a beautiful day, so I grabbed my camera and went into my back yard/garden to see if I could find anything interesting to take photos of. I believe I did.
I also planted pumkins yesterday. I had saved some seeds from last year's pumpkin so hopefully they sprout up in a few weeks. I am really hoping we get some pumpkins and we can decorate our house with them for Fall.
“Coffee-ground” or BRB (bright red blood) - bleeding
Every year, newspapers scramble to get the cost of the different Ministerial junkets but this year, young Leo decided to save us all the hassle and published the exact costs on his website - within days of returning.
papier mache pieces, collage papers, ink, gloss, acrylics.
It started out good — Kesler was feisty right off the first face-off, and I was all pumped for a spectacular win.
When Dudley Connell and Lou Reid trade off vocal duties on the slow and fast parts, they play up nicely how two traditions come together in this song. Connell’s delivery is relaxed and bluesy, whereas Reid’s is hard-driving and full of southern twang.
Colton is still taking all of his feedings by mouth and last night before I left they took his feeding tube out of his nose!!!
Hence we have the first of two themes running through the film--aging. The characters’ aging is not swept under the rug as it will be in several other sequels. In fact, it is embraced theatergoing old and facing the infirmities that come along with it. It is Kirk’s fiftieth birthday and he is feeling it. McCoy brings up the one continued theme from TMP--that Kirk has a need to captain the Enterprise to keep himself from fading away. In TMP, he forced his way in. here, he denies himself because he is just to freaking old to go gallivanting around the galaxy anymore.
You take the lid off the tin to collect the post so it can be used again and again. The set comes with a red and white pencil, which I'm sure every good fairy needs, and sheets of adhesive fairy stamps! She is going to have such fun with this, and it was only £15.50 so we'll have to think of something else to give her too... what a chore ;)
Presented by Carolina Performing Arts
Reference: L1S51
Another not so lucky consequence of working so early is that I can’t sleep in! My schedule is screwed up. Last night at 8pm I couldn’t keep my eyes open. This morning I woke up at 6:45 am and that’s my “sleeping in.” This should be a fun adventure… :)
Thank you to all Veterans and the sacrifices you make.
What I find so interesting about Die Hard—in addition to unironically enjoying the film—is that it cinematically depicts what it means to bend space to your own particular navigational needs. This mutational exploration of architecture even supplies the building's narrative premise: the terrorists are there for no other reason than to drill through and rob the Nakatomi Corporation's electromagnetically sealed vault.
I’m thrilled to be gaining access into this fascinating and mystical community even if it’s for such a short time. I do think that someone needs to warn the people of Cachtice that I’m on the way. Tell them Catherine Warren, a ‘drabarni of Jesus’ is coming and she is about to love on them big time.
Finally, I begged for the assistance of my neighbor and partner in dinner-party crime, G. She spent one week trying to get through to the OFII office. They never answered the phone. She called nine other government agencies and they all told her to call OFII. Then, in my documents, she saw a filled-out form and asked me if I had sent it in. I said, well, no. She looked on OFII's website and found out that I was supposed to have sent this form in order to get that freaking "automatic" letter sent.
There’s also something else you should know. Like many other Americans and people around the world, I have a mental illness: I’m Bipolar II, which in laymen’s terms means that I get severe depressive episodes (literally don’t want to, and can’t get out of bed, let alone do anything else) and have hypo-manic episodes (I get extra giddy, talk too much, spend too much money, and have bouts of insomnia). Due to some severe past relationship issues I also have anxiety. This blog is NOT about how I kicked medication using exercise. For myself, I have to be on medication, and will be on medication for the rest of my life. It’s ok, I’m over it.
Everyone can wear navy, powder blue, and charcoal. Fun colors include silver.
This is the old left brain/ right brain struggle and you can feel it as you take the test. Whew! From Humorshere.com
“Dad-deeee!!”
Old-fashioned writing is not going away. Being able to recognize that I began this sentence with a gerund and that it's not the most effective sentence construction because it leads to run-on sentences is also an effective skill set, perhaps more important than knowing how to get a million followers on twitter. As much as I dreaded the 5-page writing assignment, I cannot WAIT to assign them to my students so that they too will learn how to write. And write in the old-school MLA versus Chicago style of writing.
I distracted myself from the potential of my being late to work for the first time in…well..ever, by looking at her attire. She had on a purple, black, white and pink blouse which looked like something Peter Max had vomited after too many boxes of Good n Plenties. Her pants were a shiny black and the wrong size for one of her sizeable legs, let alone both of them. Her shoes were equally garish. Her hair, in curlers, was covered by a scarf which looked to have been purchased several decades ago with Green Stamps.
As many readers will be aware, Tulisa Contostavlos is a judge on the UK talent show X-Factor and was a singer with the group N-Dubz. It is widely reported that, in August 2011, Tulisa was apparently approached by an unidentified man who wanted to sell a supposed sex tape for £500,000. At that time, a spokesperson for Tulisa stated:
I'm not sure how I'll manage that, considering my coworker, and one of 4 of us who do the specific tasks we do, is in the ICU after developing pneumonia and respiratory failure. She drives 1.5 hours each way, and the telecommuting thing is being a slow process, so we are all working overtime and very worried she will decide to retire instead of coming back. It took 10 months to fill my position with me. We really can't function with another person gone. And David is going to a week-long hockey tournament in a few weeks. And I have only 24 hours of PTO accrued.
4 carrots cut into chunks
Boris Vallejo
slanting, across the plains,
“Keep an eye open for an increase in house fires during cold weather and petit theft; it is a sign of hard times. People in real trouble hunker down…. the basics are what matters.”
Maybe the reason I am so not looking forward to school this week is because A, it’s Midterms week and B, for once I had a fun weekend.
In Tunisia, a law concerning Judaism (11 July 1958) put an end to Jewish communities, replaced them with temporary "Israelite worship commissions," and suppressed the personal status of the Jews (inherited from the dhimmi status, which obliged the Jews to depend on their religious tribunals for all matters related to their personal status). In Tunisia too, independence (1956) led to the Tunisification of public services.
Just one more day to get through, and we'll be on our way!
But an IAAF source was today quoted as saying: "There certainly is evidence now that Semenya is a hermaphrodite.
So how does it fit with the Worthington brand, also given a reboot by Molson Coors with the building of the new William Worthington Brewery (which I wrote about in this week's Publican magazine)? Doom Bar is at the moment stronger in the south, while Worthington's is bigger in the Midlands. Mark Hunter told me that draught White Shield and the long-awaited Red Shield will be focusing on a radius around Burton. My prediction is that MC will aggressively build Doom Bar as a national cask ale brand. My hope is that they'll then nurture White Shield/Red Shield as something a bit more special. If that's what happens to Doom Bar it'll be good for cask ale overall, making the gateway to the category that bit bigger for the kind of drinker who doesn't have the confidence to seek out flavourful beers without the reassurance of big brands. (Yes, I know I just described Doom Bar as a flavourful beer, spare me the wisecracks - I'm talking relatively).
You want that goddamned silver ball out of the goddamned plastic firetruck NOW.
Other than that I’m still adjusting. I’m completely unpacked. I wanna reorganize some things n gotta hang up pictures but I’ve done a hell of a job getting everything together. Now to just relax I guess? I’m just feeling really lonely at the moment. I know what triggered it is the fact John came over. And no nothing happened between us… (long story there but nothing happened!). I wonder if I miss him or do I just really want the companionship? I want cuddling that’s what I want!! I know I’d rather it be with him but oh well. It’s really hard for me feeling as shitty as I do after seeing that # at the drs and everything else to think I’m ever gonna find someone. I know I’m so new to this and I don’t even really wanna get close to someone but yet at the same time I just miss some of the aspects of a relationship. Better yet I just wish I had my kids here with me…
Live music wasn’t the only major thing you missed. You also missed three of the absolute best voice actors compete in a humorous battle of the raspy voice. It was so hilarious and one of the highlights of the show.
I now knew what a muffin was in castellano. I was prepared for future ordering.
There will be three evening readings by poets published by Roncadora.
3. Dried red chilies, 1-2.
And during the Panic of 1893, there was an idea for Congress to issue $500 million in new paper currency to spend on the construction of public roads, a precursor to the New Deal. At the time, the entire federal budget was less than $400 million. With Cleveland at the helm, the idea went nowhere.
BYOD software solutions and corporate policies must address the following issues:
But to the book then. Anya can see ghosts and eats them. Well the bad ones as she does not always feel good afterwards. She is a Lantern. She was not kick-ass but at the same time she was. She was more protective kick-ass. A former firefighter turned fire investigator. To serve and protect. That is who she is. She loves this city.
Sunday, November 12, 2006 3:00 PM
On one level, these latter points are obvious: small infrastructural gestures, like public lighting, can transform alleyways from zones of impending crime to walkways safe for pedestrian use—and, in the process, expand political control and urban police presence into that terrain. But, as someone who does not want to be attacked in an alleyway any time soon, I find it very positive indeed when the cityscape around me becomes both safer by design and better policed. Equally obvious, though, when these sorts of interventions are scaled-up—from public lighting, say, to armed checkpoints in a militarized reorganization of the urban fabric—then something very drastic, and very wrong, is occurring in the city. Instead of a city simply with more cops (or fire departments), you begin a dark transition toward a "city under siege."
They have two locations. The first is in LaGrange, IL. That location is the only one I've been to so far as I have not had enough time to visit their newest, second location in St.Charles, IL.
Just as Sophie Mercer has come to accept her extraordinary magical powers as a demon, the Prodigium Council strips them away. Now Sophie is defenseless, alone, and at the mercy of her sworn enemies—the Brannicks, a family of warrior women who hunt down the Prodigium. Or at least that’s what Sophie thinks, until she makes a surprising discovery. The Brannicks know an epic war is coming, and they believe Sophie is the only one powerful enough to stop the world from ending. But without her magic, Sophie isn’t as confident.
Third email listed all his personal stuff that I know was his before and that he will get all that back.
Disclaimer: I love me a good tale involving the supernatural. Keyword here is good. Yes, there are many novels out there with witches, vampires, ghosts, and the like, but finding one that has a solid plot? Not so common. And one that makes you able to believe that these non-human entities could feasibly be walking amongst us? Even harder to find. Enter the first novel by Deborah Harkness: A Discovery of Witches. AND, it's the first in a trilogy! I am anticipating the second instalment (due out this summer) with bated breath.
I write what I see
Meow Cosmetics Nessie – inner ¾ of lid, inner lower lashline
Moved away from home
His prison sentence was suspended for 12 months, meaning no action will be taken if he commits no further crimes in the next year. He must also pay £85 costs.
Ok, I did this study with my Babes, but this book still changed my life. I had to look at myself deeply and realize what I was truly worshiping and it wasn't always God. It wasn't even TV as many struggle with. I was worshiping my little "g" gods, my friends. I placed those relationships first. This book enabled me to acknowledge my idolotry, but also reminded me and guided me to the one I should always have been worshiping.
We now know, beyond the shadow of a doubt,
The party has no recognizable names apart from its leader Mihaloliakos, who served in the Greek special forces and was elected to the Athens city council in 2010 – giving the Nazi salute on his first appearance there last year.
One Hot Pleasure (DJ Lynnwood Banger Instrumental) Electronica 126 bpm 6:39
The campaign says the video will be played for supporters attending the president’s first re-election rallies Saturday in Ohio and Virginia.
stay where I am and be your little bunny.”
Elizabeth Margaret—better known as Em—has always known what life would contain: an internship at her father’s firm, a degree from Harvard and a career as a lawyer. The only problem is that it’s not what she wants. When she gets the opportunity to get away from it all and spend a month with the aunt she never knew, she jumps at the chance. While there, Em pursues her secret dream of being a chef, and she also learns that her family has kept some significant secrets from her, too. And then there’s Cade, the laid-back local surfer boy who seems to be everything Em isn't. Naturally, she can’t resist him, and as their romance blossoms, Em feels
Alesmith Speedway Barrel Aged
I'm pleased to announce that this blog will be my only stampin' blog. I'm letting my SU! website go. I rarely get orders through it, most people contact me directly so please make sure to do that if you want to order. I just can't afford to keep the site going if I'm not making any money off it. This blog, however, is a labor of my love of crafting and will remain.
You'll find some random shit if you cruise youtube. It's become a democratic way of getting videos out there which is pretty fuckin cool.
Wrap myself up in the night sky
With Wednesdays and Fridays at Mountain Goat, $5 Pint Night at Biero and any number of venues from The Local Taphouse south of the city to The Terminus in the north, Y & J’s in between, a dozen open-to-the-public breweries heading south, north, west and into the Yarra Valley in the east and so much more besides it’s a pretty lame bloke who can’t find a good night out with good beer.
Executive summary: You Belong to Me
A tricky problem with no immediately clear ethical answer.
Afterward, there was silence for a long time. And the meditation group left the balcony, one by one, thanking us in hushed voices, with dreamy-looking eyes.
Putting on flats instead of my ever-present black Birkenstocks felt like I'd wrenched my wagon wheel out of a big trail-worn rut. Note to self: just because you can wear sandals every day doesn't mean you have to.
The AU's decision to postpone a pledging conference from Monday to August 25 was made while children were dying daily, he told parliament's committee on international relations.
A Gristedes grocery store that has been on the island for more than 20 years is also being remodeled. The grocery will be the guinea pig for a new concept for Gristedes, in which the store will also include boutiques, such as an organic market and a sugar-free market.
Flying saucers and blackjacks, drumstick lolly's and fried eggs,
For one thing if you are so worried what people will think why the hell are you trying to have such a different style that makes people think things of you?
investments are needed in
My understanding of the world and myself in it is more a visual place. It probably is because I am nearsighted and I've always worn glasses. Jay and I were sent home by our first grade teacher because we couldn't read the blackboard. I remember walking home from the ophthalmologist at six and really seeing my mother for the first time. She had a red coat with a black beaver collar.
For now The Rake is closed on Mondays, but this is said to change. Rumours also say that there may be new Rake's opening around town in the near future, specifically near The Tower of London and later on near Covent Garden. With The Rake Londoners have got a highway, not only to Helles, but to most of the world's major beer styles.
1 can condensed milk
bugs
So if you're still participating in the Generosity Challenge, here's today's challenge item:
Sophie and Emma ( not their real names), are petsitters who don't have the Budda Belly of one who's inexplicably stopped petsitting to write a book. They're coming for coffee this afternoon, 2pm.
“I cloned the sheriff, yes,” said the presidential clone, “but I did it or national defence.”
and how the something
"did Ignoramus really cite G.W. as a man who inspired others...?"
Walking on the sand,
I'm currently reading the Brian Lumley book The Clock of Dreams, one of the Titus Crow stories set in the Mythos.
I decided to try a new method of dealing with the spitting, since nothing seems to faze this kid. So once I got my high-pitched giggle under control, I said, “Oh dear! Is there something yucky in your mouth? I guess we need to clean it.”
3 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed
When I ran a Google and Bing search of Mr. Brenden Hartranft, there was a lot of love for our friend, but there was also a lot of real haters, going all the way back to his Khyber Pass days. Could it be the same people? Why was I searching his name to begin with? I swore with all my heart that he wrote an opinion piece for either the City Paper or Philly Weekly a couple years back where he ripped the PLCB a new one. Either I am dead wrong or it is hidden deep in the confines at one of those papers.
Aside from the growing feeling of being watched, the random snap of a twig and her own mounting feeling of unease that she ignored, Alice found her earliest hours walking through the forest to be thankfully uneventful.
In a sense, ulema militants had the perfect measure of the Saudi state. It was an arbitrary regime which only used Islam when it needed to.
Hello, my friends! I have used random number generator to select a winner of the "London Treasures" giveaway, and I'm excited to announce that the winner is the amazing prairiegirl! I was stunned when her number came up on the generator. It just seemed so perfect. Pg was one of the people I met during my first year of blogging, and we have been friends ever since. In addition to being one of the most gifted photographers I know, she is also one of the kindest, funniest, and most supportive people I have ever met. I use the term "met" in a bloggy way, since we have yet to meet face-to-face, but I feel like I have always known her. I know that any of you who blog understand just what I am talking about. It will be a joy to think of Miss prairiegirl while I am making my rounds at the London markets (although I may have to let you down a wee bit, pg, since I'm going to have to eat all the fish and chips myself)!
What? Don't glare.
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Hope you all had a merry ol' Solstice..the days are stretching out again now although it doesn't really feel like winter has arrived here yet...I've no doubt its on its way though.
Finally, in a tornado of limbs, sweat and fury, I yanked the curtain back and emerged: hair soaked with sweat, pride laying somewhere on the floor. Expecting to look like a product of Oktoberfest, I braced myself for the onslaught of my own reflection.
I found nothing more
Fire is life? Light is life? Darkness is death? She thinks, she wonders, she philosophises…what else to do within the darkness…
Hi Readers! So many folks sent in this story today, I present it to you in all its insanity, even though it struck me as a little too bizarre and garbled to be 100% accurate. For instance, the crazy accusations were reported to the press only by one of the accused. Ho ho hmm.
John EM, Savitz DA, Shy CM. Spontaneous abortions among cosmetologists. Epidemiology 1994; 5: 147-155.
And hopefully it means we won’t need to put our names forward for clinical testing any more.
The lone wolf moves silently
Frassati's sleeping a bit more.
“People have just had enough of all this criticism,” Mr Kroger, a past state Liberal president, told ABC radio.
After Ryan was tired out and I was exhausted from terror, John wanted to give it a try; he was braver than me, though, and started out on the handles while Ryan rode the platform. I think they give a better sense of how it’s actually supposed to work.
A lot of things about ESL intrigue me. This may sound strange, but I love the way the city looks. It's not a beautiful city, instead it's surreal, it has this crazy post-apocalyptic appearance. I've heard that there is not another city like it in the US. The city looks just like it did when my mom was growing up there, 60 years ago. Little has changed or been repaired in many cases. When I go there I get this odd feeling that the people and the cars and anything modern have been super-imposed on the city, that we are somehow the ghosts. I get that feeling every time I go there and I can't really explain it any better than that. I'll write about this.
Happy crafting!!
Their bleats infused the moor as we eyed with ears the surrounds.
This morning, the buses stopped running. I have heard tales that, of the 28 buses that were scheduled to be on routes this morning, 12 of them were stuck in snow drifts by the time service was canceled mid-morning. When Saskatoon buses stop running, you know it was some serious weather!
"And Starfleet Captains are not?" I reply.
I had only a little bit of my ice cream left so I started up the car and headed home. There were roadworks on the road out of town so were were going pretty slow, about 30 miles an hour and we'd the windows down and Derek was chatting away. We'd only been on the road about 5 mins when this wasp flew in my window and started to buzz about my face. Frozen with terror, I whacked it with my hand and it fell to the floor between my legs!
She’s a little homesick from time to time too. Yesterday she talked about how she missed biting into the apple. They have apple juice and apple treats here but it’s not the same. Fresh fruit has a different smell or texture. I’m sure they have some around here somewhere, how else do they make stuff taste like apples?
I was visiting with a friend last night and sharing stories of adventures in India. It was an adventurous time for me when I was there. I had no real plan and I had bought a one way ticket with no itinerary, no time constraints, no schedule, and was traveling alone. I remember when I was getting ready to leave several people asked me, “aren’t you scared?” Some people thought I was crazy to travel across the world to a place I’ve never been, alone. I though, was excited. The closer the date came the more I felt alive. As I flew across the ocean and the hours and miles began separating me from home I felt the excitement grow exponentially. I also felt fear of the unknown. I had no idea what to expect. I had no idea what life would bring to my feet when I landed. As I felt the fear of the unknown I also felt that the more we jump into the unknown the more alive we become. I was alert, present, conscious, on my toes, so that I didn’t miss a beat. I felt like my full being was completely immersed in the experience and my mind was silent because it had no comparison to relate the experience too, so all analyzing, criticising, and judgement stopped.
Sam: I'm peeing on your foot
Accessories: Card from stash
When I reached the hall, I was expecting a sort of a romantic film like Adam Sandler’s 50 First dates; a little serious though. I had thought that it would have a warm romance that would melt my heart as I had learnt that the movie was a huge hit in North America and it was really doing well during Valentine’s Day week. So, I was expecting a very touching, romantic film.
We climb the stairs and watch the stage-crowd for a while. We are freezing. As part of two (soon to be three) shivering rows of people, we are surrounded by a unified chanting. Midnight is drawing near. For maybe five to ten minutes, the chanting continues and then the countdown begins. Stage lights flash a new color every second as we count down from "SHIP" to "GONG!!!"
Zucchini Stuffed with Corn with Roasted Tomato-Ancho Sauce
Crumbles as we speak
Street lights, big dreams all looking pretty
1) I read your post on Poxitas tape and would like to get some to try out but I can not find a supplier. Do you have any ideas on how to get this?
