The more I read, the more something became obvious: – the stories weren't as individual, as distinct from each other – or from Myth – as I'd thought. The Scots story of Kate Crackernuts was strangely like Cinderella, though set in a more work-a-day world. Another Scots story, 'The Finger-lock' was Cinderella with a boy as the central character instead of a girl. No Fairy-Godmother – no pumpkin coach or glass slipper, but the essentials of the story remained. (There are, I later learned, over three hundred variations on the story usually known as 'Cinderella'.)
Votes do not reflect individual choices, but the commodification of class.
In the opening chapter, The Deity of Christ Today, Stephen J. Nichols bounces off the work of Stephen Prothero and argues that we have gone from a creedal Jesus, to a human Jesus that is close and ended up with a Jesus that has liberated itself from Christianity and the Bible (p. 27). Stephen points out that there have been many attempts within our American culture to present Jesus. Movies like The Passion of Christ, consumerism and our nifty slogans and even politics where Jesus is somehow on everyone’s side, show us that our cultural attempts to display Jesus have left us with “personal Jesuses who look far more like their makers than like the Jesus of sacred Scripture and the historical creeds (p.31).”
It is said that a battle is a prolonged conflict pursued to a definite decision. In other words, the battle is usually hard-fought and the outcome is clearly determined by a victory. In her book, Battlefield of the Mind, Joyce Meyers states, “Because our actions are a direct result of our thoughts, Satan’s strategy is to wage war against us in our minds by bombarding us with thoughts contrary to the truth of God’s Word.” She goes on to say, “The mind is the battlefield. It is a vital necessity that we line up our thoughts with God’s thoughts. This is a process that will take time and study.”
These men have all just landed themselves a bargain; a bargain of a lifetime by the sounds of it. They have been waiting out the back of some warehouse, some lighter warehouse, and they all, to a man, have been gifted 5 lighters for a pound. And now they are standing in the middle of the street shouting about it, like a William Blake lunatic loudly describing his visions or a newly converted religious fanatic pledging his devotion to some extraterrestrial hundred-eyed deity. Some even set up a stall to show off how many they'd bought...
Visit Beauty Plus Salon at 2568 Broadway between 96th and 97th St. It's quite close to the 96th St subway station (1, 2, and 3 trains).
This past Saturday was a rare day indeed. We arrived on LBI shortly before noon to see the mass exodus of renters, as they made room for the thousands of new renters just starting their vacations (yes Rt72, was backed up for miles, and luckily, the back roads were smooth sailing)
Two of my life mottoes are “Life, be in it” and “Nothing ventured, nothing gained”. In other words, “Have a go”.
It’ll have to decide whether it is willing to lose the 19% to actually make a difference for the 80%.
Nowadays the year-round availability of locally-brewed beer in Louisville is something we take for granted, but unfortunately, the Kentucky Derby isn’t really about anything other than thoroughbred horses, gamblers and maybe the Ohio River filled with bourbon – as long as you keep that accursed mint out of it, and take it neat, the way your personal deity intended.
Aside from being a fan of author MacKinnon's previous novels, one of the things which made me want to read Vengeance Is Mine, was the endorsement on the cover by conservative commentator Tony Blankley which said: "A Thriller for the Tea Party Generation." How right he was. You know, I didn't much care for Tony Blankley, but I feel kind of bad that that's his epitaph.
Papers: DCWV cardstock, October Afternoon papers, Bazzill cardstock
her work has become increasingly popular, and she has been coming up with new designs constantly.
Trial and error. Lots of trial and error. A bunch of sog and a bit of crunch, all with crappy sauces.
Gingrich: I’m not at all like Michael Moore -
and I drove the family nuts with indecision.
~ A smile and a laugh!
Foremost on the minds of most New Yorkers was the fate of its skyline. In 1888, during the last harsh storm, there were no skyscrapers. In 1912, there were several over 30 floors, including the city's tallest, the 50-floor Metropolitan Life Insurance Tower off Madison Square. Although most buildings were designed to withstand significant wind trauma, none of them were prepared for winds above 70 miles per hour. And the building slated to become the next tallest in New York -- the Woolworth Building -- was still under construction, its metal skeleton now a potential arsenal of deadly debris.
5. Closing Jam
Ryobi Cth1802k 18v Center Handle Cordless Drill Review
Stamps: Tag You're It - My Favorite Things
Biotin/Vitamin H/Vitamin B Factor – In every living cell and in larger amounts in milk and yeast. Used as a texturizer in cosmetics, shampoos, and creams. Alternatives: plant sources.
Enter the Peccary. But the peccary is a pigoid above the fray. So what if it they are known commonly as skunk pigs? So what if they are as hairy as Sean Connery’s back before Hollywood insisted that the original 007’s dorsal required a blade more persuasive than Odd Job’s? So what if they are members of the family Tayassuidae, a.k.a, New World Pigs, which belong to the artiodactyl suborder Suina, which also includes the bona fide pig family, Suidae.
is stupid, birthed from an over-tired brain
The jazz-blues thing was never going to be a primary element in The Tube, but very occasionally, Holland would play solo piano on the show, and it was during those moments that I not only became a major fan, but I also saw the piano in a new light and adopted it as my own first instrument. In the ensuing years, I think I must have learned every single piano solo and groove Jools Holland ever played. Even today, it’s virtually impossible for me to get that influence out of my keyboard playing.
You know what I like less than a beer that foams out? Nothing. Not a damn thing. It ruins the beer, strips the body, and in a beer already listed as mild there;s simply no room for this sort of thing.
This art show was crowded to the point where several hundred people would have been trampled to death if there were a stampede.
1 gauge
6. Why on the earth an opponent and supervisor of the thesis have to give a license to publish his opinion?
Courier-Life coverage
On the 7th day Lee and I drove across the state of Oregon... and man it was kinda boring. We drove along the oregon trail until Crater Lake NP then headed south towards Redwoods, CA. There was an awesome store in the middle of no where we stopped at, I only wish I had money because they sold beautiful native american jewelry... One thing I really disliked is that they pump the gas for you... which is ok except when the gas attendant leaves my gas cap off and closed the gas cap door. Um... putting the gas cap on is like 30% of your job. Sorry. I was frustrated.
I was amazed to make friendships via my blog and SCBWI – amazed because I had no idea that there were other people out there like me. The children’s writers I met were generous and fascinating and I felt blessed to be part of the community. When I started hearing the work of other people I also realized that there were a lot of really good writers out there and I had to raise my game.
Psalm 46:1-9
Where did you get them? they wanted to know.
"It's not the fans' fault," he said, "Jets fans are the best in the world. It's up to me not to let them down."
Wilcox AJ. Surveillance of pregnancy loss in human populations. Am J Ind Med 1983; 4: 285-291.
*I've seen some recipes deep frying these rolls, but I prefer to pan fry.
Chien, Mu. Traditional government in imperial China: A Critical Analysis. Hong Kong: Chinese University of Hong Kong Press, 1982.
2. Missing the real goal of our life
Paul was informed about quarrying at Torr clachan:
“That’s impossible,” said Andrew as he turned around and saw who it was — Chloe. “You were just over there two seconds ago,” pointing to where he’d just looked and was walking before.
Assuming bird-feeders for them were meant,
Development – Leaders must be students of leadership. Leaders have such easy access to a variety of experts in the areas of leadership. Leaders should always be learning how to sharpen their leadership skills.
I got this advice from a friend many years ago. He said it is natural, when you move into a new job, that you will actually regret having made the move. In a new environment, you suddenly yearn for the old job where you are comfortable with friends.
And I should have bought a bunch of nuts on the 31st, but again I didn't have that much money left, and mostly ended up buying things for the party. Anyway, both of us have decided to watch what we eat, and the nuts would have been something we would use anyway (him more than me), but I figured that if he really wanted them he could go back and get them himself, which he did not.
(Works best with Insomnia app, which keeps your wifi up even when the phone is locked.)
After hearing some good things about the short but sweet anime Princess Jellyfish (or Kuragehime in Japanese), I decided to check it out last week. For those of you who don’t know, Princess Jellyfish is the story of a college-aged young woman named Tsukimi living in an all-female apartment building (no boys allowed, in fact). However, the women of this apartment aren’t just any women; each one is considered to be an otaku (similar to geek, but if you want the full definition click here). Playing on geek/otaku stereotypes, Tsukimi and her friends are socially uncomfortable and not very fashionable which makes for a very interesting situation when Tsukimi unintentionally befriends Kuranosuke–an outgoing young man in love with fashion who happens to parade around as a woman.
I just handed mine to the officer at the counter, he just looked at it - most likely at the date of the passport, without being asked any further. I guess, renewing it saved me from questioning. Haha. He then simply grabbed out a payment receipt written on it the date of collection which was actually on a Thursday but I decided to collect it on a Friday instead, figured it as a better timing to clear the week.
SEARCH of Rochester
I’ve always been a dreamer. I’ve always been a Jill-Of-All-Trades.
“Chocolate Mama” is available in paperback and Kindle, it is available on Amazon, Barnes and Noble, and many other sites. It is also available in Japan, Canada, and Australia. Website: www.bradleyspublishingcompany.webs.com
It worked out really well.
Since it is Sunday today, I will really consider this to be my day off and that also means a day off from worries which have a tendency to stack up in my mind when I'm not in the hypo-manic stage. When I'm not in the stage of denial, but in the stage of doomsday thinking. That's what happens when you go from one extreme to another. You pick apart each little thing and worry it to death, not seeing the forest for the trees anymore.
To me this is good too in one sense.
You would fix the TRUE root of the problem! NOT just the symptoms! Am I right?
When we first started planning our wedding, I will admit that I had visions of a beautiful, elaborate cake, filled with some kind of fresh berry compote and cloaked delicately in a mixture of white and dark chocolate frosting. Then I remembered: we live in Northern Maine and I’ve planned an outdoor wedding… cue reality.
When I think of my grandmother and what she has meant to me over my 23 years of life I will always be grateful for the lessons she taught me, though not "traditional" important none the same!
Then she tumbles down.
We write our songs and lyrics and we also sing and play all the musical instruments we need. We started posting our musical project on YouTube at the end of November 2010.
I apologize for the length of that story...
The venue, Harrogate’s Rudding Park, considered one of the best hotels in the UK, was the perfect venue for this lovely couple but their happiness and affection for each other was what made the day really stand out. We really do love our job and every wedding we shoot is a completely different occasion, each as stunning as the last. We wish Claire and Tony all the very best for the future, although from what we saw I really can’t see them needing luck!
GENEROUS CHALLENGE 2001
They returned briefly in the spring, but they could not live in the house where their child died.
The moment that stands out in my mind as when I was first attracted to vintage was the night we went and saw 1954s There's No Business Like Show Business with Ethyl Merman and Marilyn Monroe. I loved it! It was my first Marilyn Monroe picture and the movie is great to begin with...all the glitz and glam of a musical. I also saw Singing in the Rain at that theatre which is still my all time favorite musical.
The paper is from an older retired pack the "jersey shore" collection. It has all 3 colors in it.
Harsh? Maybe so. But every time I see a young man or young woman with a tired look in their eyes and their BDUs still on because they just got home from Hell itself (Iraq, Afghanistan), I ask myself how can I have a friendship with someone, anyone who would willingly undo the very freedoms these young men and women are risking their LIVES to defend?
October-Track 1/week, enter open at Lakeshore trial if needed
There were a lot of Faeries out at Festival with those type of wings in different variations. There were also ALOT of customers looking for the booth that was selling those wings, to which we have no clue.
So, back to the present, I mention this to my mechanic, and he says he will look into it, and lo and behold the dealer has a kit and so he is going to go ahead and see if it will work. A day and a half later, after installing the repair kit (which he said worked better than he though it was going to), two new struts (completely shot, fluid completely out of them), a new tie rod on one side, and $1500, my 11 year old van now rides and handles like it's almost new again! And I'm not making another car payment for the next 4 years!
–Cathie
The cultural centre first opened its doors ten years ago as a space dedicated to contemporary art and has gone on to become the place for avant-garde creation in Paris, in the midst of an otherwise bourgeoise and residential part of town. With no permanent collection, the institution hosts temporary exhibitions only, and has also previously been home to Black Block (the shop from the man about town André Saraiva), Nomiya (a restaurant on the roof of the building) and several events including activities for La Nuit des Musées and La Nuit Blanche.
For people such as myself who are knee-deep in kids and cyber-interaction and other things we don't understand, Social Media has attempted to make things easier by allowing us to link facebook and the Twitter together. The idea is that if you update one, it copies your update to the other. Totally handy, because if you've ever read anything I've written about my children, you know how I hate repeating myself you know how I hate repeating myself.
Some people heard Seefeel, some Luigi Nono - well, it might be somewhere inbetween... Great trip ! Hope you'll like it.
Now, the rest of the week will contain cleaning, fixing stuff and just live life.
I have one explanation for making what our family calls Nana's Rolls: I'm a sucker for tradition and family history. My great-grandmother, Nana, made them often. I remember them being on the table of every holiday gathering at my Grandma Host's house, and Grandma taught me how to make them. The rolls are soft, buttery, somewhat sweet and (if all goes right) delicious.
On our way back home, we took the ferry to Ocracoke Island, and then on to Cedar Island to get back to the mainland. The 30-minute ride to Ocracoke was fun, but the 2.5 hour ride to Cedar Island was a bit much!
5. Kiss 'Goin Blind'
For letting him fall into an object
But if the American Left of the "new Deal" era learnt from Mussolini, it is also true that Mussolini learnt from America. Those ideas of Mussolini which were not clearly Marxist were in fact generally American. Where did Mussolini learn his glorification of war, his imperialism, his stiff-armed "Fascist" salute, his emphasis on military-style obedience and his worship of action? They were all ideas from his predecessors among the "Progressives" (Leftists) of America in the late 19th and early 20th century. And a remarkably similar predecessor to Mussolini in both word and deed was in fact a President of the United States -- Theodore Roosevelt. So ALL of Mussolini's ideas can be traced to the Leftists of his day. I have set out details of the American contribution to Fascism elsewhere.
Chapter 4, Places to Eat and Shop, is the heart of the travel guide, breaking down Tokyo into neighborhoods and providing numerous recommendation of restaurants and culinary-related shops. Each recommendation provides all of the necessary information for the place, from its address and phone number to its website, as well as a description of the best items to order or purchase. The neighborhood maps are very easy to read, and show the location of everywhere that is recommended. You can easily use those maps to plot out your own culinary itinerary. Though it is said to be difficult to find specific addresses in Tokyo, I think these menus make it much easier to find their recommended destinations.
If you have any gripes you want to get off your chest, please feel free to leave them in the comments section. Interaction is what blogging is all about; let's try and bring back the spark that used to light up this wonderful world of the Blog.
11 57 08.25 S , 76 52 30.67 W
Inn comes to Union Square every day and perches over his chess mat rolled out flat on a piece of plywood. Usually, he’s surrounded by a crowd. Some are his supporters who come to keep him company. Others are passersby looking to watch a quick game. Though his daily revenue varies, Inn’s supporters, mostly students, always come play and donate about $5 each. He said it’s enough to pay his modest rent.
Falling on the feet and becoming dust of the feet, he reposes his head on the feet of the Guru. Becoming one with Him he loses his ego and now the sense of duality is nowhere visible with him. Such is a way of life of the Sikh of the Guru. (Bhai Gurdas Ji, Vaar 28)
Oh yes, it's THAT book. I have been hankering after this book for simply ages and when I saw it for £4 at my son's nursery's book club, I just had to snap it up. So this morning, I have been dreamily browsing through some of the pages and eating a bit of this:
and over again, but there is something so classic and fresh about stripes that i NEVER
While I am very creative…I seriously lack follow through.
Me: What color is that guys fixie?
Ok Ok, they are actually pretty cool. I guess I will admit they are kind of fun to watch. But I am not too worried, they only live about a year. We already had a funeral for one of them. He has a nice head stone and flowers out in the yard.
Turbans were a pretty hot accessory in 2010 and earlier this year. If celebrity stylist, June Ambrose has her way, the turban reign will continue and become a staple accessory.
Like most people know, the Superbowl is around the corner and even though I'm not a huge fan of football (unless it's the SF 49ers) I'm always a fan of an excuse for lots of food and drinks. Now don't get me wrong, this recipe can totally be made anytime of the year and I know you all will have no problem throwing down, I mean come on, THEY'RE BUFFALO WINGS!!! They're really great and spicy - just the way we like them. We use to go to this place in my hometown that had habanero wings that were completely delicious with a level of spiciness that could make you question your own sanity. These aren't even close to that but it's probably a good thing and the reason why we can make these more frequently. We also wanted garlic fries to go with our bar-food theme which ended up turning into seasoned spicy garlic fries. The recipe for those is at the bottom.
-rollup by Bryan for a 2 count
across burning bridges
My mind quiets and my well fills when I am engaged with a good book or when my hands are busy making something beautiful. If you feel moved to share what you have been up to, please leave a link in the comments section so we can revel in each other’s creative pursuits. Maybe we’ll even find a couple of new titles to request from the library.
Renew our Faith so we may be
“Al-Qaida is targeting the Kurds because it believes that
Hope your inspired!
Are the sounds caused by very large life forms lurking in the unexplored darkness of Earth’s deep oceans or perhaps something else?
The drastic move is meant to eliminate a backlog that means skilled workers have had to wait upwards of eight years to get into Canada.
Net income increased 68% to $299 million in the first quarter, or $0.66 per diluted share, compared with net income of $177 million, or $0.41 per diluted share, in first quarter 2009.
The Victorians were, were relatively at ease with death and there is much in this book to interest social historians, those interested in historical costume and transport enthusiasts, as there is a section on the development of the horse-drawn hearse.
Things you Enjoy...
I'd tried a couple of the Weyermann pilot brewery beers at a festival in the past, so was glad to get the opportunity to try a couple more, especially considering their rather limited scale.
There is a significant overlap in the definitions of guru an AcArya.
Enter Friend 2. Upon hearing of our search, she offered to let me have a vintage dining set that had belonged to her husband’s mother. Yes, let me have. As in—for free. She knew it was for another friend of mine, and that they had no money. So out of the goodness of her heart, she donated to our “cause.”
Then there’s this one: a young black man in a hoody wandering through an expensive, exclusive gated community at night. He’s got his hood up and is walking slowly, muttering to himself. There’s something in his hand. So: burglar, probably on drugs. Possibly armed. Definitely dangerous.
Energy Development and the Prosperity and Well-being of Aboriginal Communities in Northern Alberta
In fact, Gainsbourg's 'Aux armes et cætera,' album is responsible for breaking reggae in France and throughout the French speaking world. The album, which took less than a week to record, was released in April 1979 and was recorded in Jamaica with the cream of the crop of Jamaican musicians including Sly Dunbar, Robbie Shakespeare and The I Threes.
This has been a long time in coming, mostly because of a few details that I was struggling with..but it finally all came together. So without further ado I present ...
Now we arrive to the movie that got me thinking about remakes. In order to be fair I’m not going to compare this movie to the original. First off the positive. The acting is rather decent in the movie, sure not award winning but good. Mads Mikkelsen in particular held my attention as the warrior Draco, he was intense and honestly I wished he was the main hero of the movie, but alas it was not to be. Now to the negatives. This movie has rush job written all over it, as such I’m not sure if I should blame the creative team behind this movie, or studio interference. There seems to be entire scenes missing from this movie and it really does create a mess, as characters are never allowed to be clearly defined. But the biggest problem is how dumb it treats its audience. It over explains the simplest of things, things that don’t need explaining, but when it gets to the complicated stuff it dumps those explanations and instead throws an action scene our way so the audience doesn’t have to think to hard. I’m sure people will enjoy this movie, but this movie just drips with laziness on several fronts, and I’m just thankful the acting was decent.
1. Two years ago, I looked like this:
And the stuff they do is amazing.
Praise for the series:
Another Six Sisters’ recipe. Five ingredients is right up ally, and who doesn’t like Chocolate Chip Cookies? Check out the recipe at the Six Sisters’ Stuff blog.
Consequences of the Catastrophe. Authors Alexey Yablokov (Center for Russian Environmental Policy in Moscow), Vassily Nesterenko and Alexey Nesterenko ( Institute of Radiation Safety, Minsk, Belarus) studied about 5,000 reports and scientific papers mostly published in Slavic languages and compiled their finding in the book “Chernobyl: Consequences of the Catastrophe for People and the Environment,” which was published last year on the 24th anniversary of the Chernobyl reactor core meltdown.
Sang Joon and Young Sun. As much as I want their characters to end up, I think what I really love about them is that they never failed to make me laugh. I just love Sang Joon PERIOD, and I forgive him for what he did that made the Sang Go Jae angle off. I will forever remember how he acted as a gay in this series. I super laughed with tears when he acted gay while knocking at Jin ho’s room calling him “JAGI” (meaning – Dear). LOL.
***BLOG HOP***
Full instructions are available on Bakerella as to how to pack/cooking temps etc. I cooked two batches to test! I have a fan oven so put them in at 170C (instead of 350F).
Waiting for hot chocolate, which was really good but also so hot the kids couldn't drink it. The little girls were borderline meltdown both waiting for it and then waiting FOREVER for it to cool. When are they going to learn patience?
How to develop independent rational thought. Sensei Auger:
Even though the compunction was also a lighter sour, it had a bit more flavor. It had a similar aroma to the above two, but there was a bit of plumcot (pluoot? Plum and apricot hybrid basically) sweetness that brought the flavors to another level. My sister in law Andy ordered a glass of this one and enjoyed it.
May 26 and 27, 2012
Who: Luke
Here are some other Wisconsin Groups and Events:
"What is your sweet?"
Love the colors on this page too!
May's apron will be up later today:-D
The conclusion, it couldn’t possibly be Saturday. This is what happens when your mind is an asshole.
The site is designed to let you quickly get a feel for what’s on offer in each area, such as:
And a gift of kindness I think, as I am guessing that some of the people who shifted their scedules around to be able to go are now happy they didn’t postponed visiting their friend.
I'm still in the process of organizing my closet. I still need to get out my winter tub of clothes. Again, I think now that I'm having to dress professionally on a daily basis, it's more about what makes me feel good for straight 12-hour workdays. But that's not to say my Pinterest addiction to fashion/style is gone. In fact, I've been more inspired than ever. And I've also discovered Polyvore. Like I have time to spend on these sites (except this Fall Break week!). I know what I like & don't like, but I don't know how to explain my "style" preferences. Maybe you can figure it out and put it in definite words.
By going down this road, the brand image, target market and price range also remain the same so no confusing message is given.
Salzburg - Paris
The prize up for grabs to the random winner is a £30 gift voucher to spend in the on-line shop.
But mostly it's about us on the inside, while they, our dimly heard, unseen friends, are on the outside. We know they're there, we hear them, they knock on the box, beating it like a drum, or they shake it, saying, "Earthquake!" We're in here, in here together, and all of that going on out there is another world where they understand nothing about making eye-contact in the dark, or the warmth of our bodies pressed together, the intimacy of being in a box together with the lid shut.
Art has no beauty
******my computer shut off on me last night. I was able to grab these from my online picture album, so am going to post this much this morning while at work. The rest of the stuff and the tatting I wanted to show, will have to wait until after work tonight.
Sweet potatoes aren't just for Thanksgiving. One of the guests at the first Seder I attended at Passover brought a rich, sweet casserole featuring this gorgeous vegetable; and my very dear friend Candace, of Mi Chiamo Candace, recently posted about a flavorful spiced Roasted Sweet Potato Salad. So with all this attention being paid to them, I've been craving sweet potatoes, which I adore.
ZP: Yeah, these certain projects are...we always concentrate on making these cohesive statements in the way we make albums. We never sort of just write songs, we sit down and make a record. It’s not as if these songs organically arose and we put them on an album. So Privilege was in some ways a challenge to in some ways to try to do it a slightly different way, and try to focus more on songs than on the album. The whole kind of concept of the project is kind of based on object fetishism in some ways because I like making records and I like the process of making tangible work and so it’s exciting to be able to be in full control of that and make really ridiculous and narcissistic decisions about how were going to make these things (starts laughing).
These will for fleeting moments in the sky
Grilled Purple Onions
If you cannot wait to have your cake and eat it, go straight to day 10, but you will forego the opportunity to pass on some friendship.
And if they exercised more than usual, they were almost 30 per cent more likely to lose the weight, the study, published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, found.
Anyway, I am going to post this so it doesn't linger in my drafts pile any longer... Hee hee, linger longer. I still have so many Christmas day photos to post, though, so maybe I'll post again soon!
So my staff and I filled-out yung form. It's a two-page form and true enough, may mga tanong na personal.
The snow drives back the foot that's slow
“You fucking shot me…”
At first glance, a Pulitzer print looks rather bold, especially in a world where so many are in black or beige. But look closely, and you will see that often only one or two colours are strong, and the rest are retiring. The themes of the prints are whimsical and charming. There is always something sophisticated or a certain finesse in the patterns that prevents them from looking comical or juvenile. These are not your typical 1960s wild flower power florals. Most motifs were based on nature and include subjects like pandas, seashells, butterflies, tropical fish, etcetera.
Even so, second impressions can still fetch over £300 – and even third or later impressions (the edition went through at least eight printings that I know of) can go for anywhere from £30 to £200 – so, considering I won my copy on eBay for a fiver, I'm not complaining. (My copy also included an aged newspaper clipping advertising, rather incongruously, college courses, which had left a brown stain on the pages it had been inserted between.) The iconic dustjacket was designed by Deighton's friend Raymond Hawkey – who I've also blogged about repeatedly – here establishing an instantly recognisable artfully-arranged-and-photographed-props approach which would serve him well over the coming decades.
Just before the Great Depression, in 1928, the top 10% earned almost one-half of all income. For 40 years, roughly 1942-1982, the top 10% consistently took in about 33-34% of income (while the top income tax rate was at least 70%). This was the modern period of American prosperity.
AUTHOR’S NOTE: I’ve been going to the roundups of our wild horses (the Bureau of Land Management is removing the wild horses from their federally protected Herd Management Areas, then leasing the same land for $2 an acre for oil and gas lease sales, or permitting new mining and mining expansions to foreign owned companies). Some ranchers think these wild horse roundups will help them gain more grazing for their livestock. I think the wild horses are the canary in the coal mine. Ranchers, your cattle and sheep will be next. As go these American icons that stand as symbols of our freedom, so goes our freedom.
To sit around and wait for someone else
However, while that staggering 764,000 figure (actually, 764,448, more than twice the output of traditional books--the info comes from the latest US publishing statistics released by Bowker) is real, PW's title is misleading. In fact, those numbers include not just self-publishers, but "self-publishers and micro-niche publishers," a much larger category that encompasses the print-on-demand sector as a whole. Self-publishers aren't even the biggest portion of this category; in fact, they're very much in the minority. Says PW,
But there it was, at the end of the tenancy, after the tenant had packed up and left the house for good.
My lace and ribbon are from my stash, but I do know I purchased it on Ebay! The happy Birthday sentiment is a Basic Gray Rub On in white. I love Rub-ons! Flower Soft applied to the flowers and and grass. Sky done was created sponging Summer Sky, Memento Ink.. I sewed around the edges with my sewing machine. Copics for coloring.: Outfit V95, V93, V91, skin E11, E00, E000, pants: E43, E42, E41, Mailbox: C05, C03, C01, C00 and colorless blender.
What House would you be in? Leave a comment!
I was on a cruise ship and stole someone’s cigarette case and bottle of tranquilizers. I was terrified I would be caught with them so I dumped the cigarettes, a few at a time, in the toilet, trying to get rid of the evidence. I wanted to keep the tranquilizers but knew I needed to get rid of the bottle; on the prescription label it had the owner’s name. But I didn’t know what to do with it and I raced around the ship, looking for the perfect hiding place. The entire time I kept looking over my shoulder, overwhelmed with a sinking sense of dread that someone was watching and following me.
from the night sky, so
Calories 10
I was thrilled. Built in internet, apps, a decent camera - maps to make sure I would never get lost again. I was looking forward to Tiny Tower on the go. After setting my new ring and message tones I was ready to tackle the inbuilt personal assistant, Siri.
As you can see from the photo, taken at Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen in 2008, she was a decidedly cheery individual with a big smile, who always presented herself with the utmost refinement, elegance and grace.
We can move top to bottom.... The top shelf is used to hold oodles of fresh fruit. I recently read an article on MSN.com that has since changed my life in the kitchen. It was about the recent hoopla on BPA, and I have since changed a lot of how I grocery shop and store my foods. First, we not only save a ton of cash, but we have moved towards eliminating buying canned foods and drinks. This means more fresh produce and only glass bottled beverages. However, bottled beverages come at a pretty price, so we typically opt for the make it yourself options, which not only saves money, but also saves waste and our health. Win, win, win!
all mouth and trousers I first heard that one in about 1963 at Watford Grammar School, as used by a bloke called Arthur. The old term was, I think, 'blabbermouth'. Maybe we need a sub-category for descriptions of people who use language in a particular kind of way....so, in bold, blabbermouth (which in Yiddish, as used by my father to describe me, is a yachner )
While Suzanne and I sipped our tea and caught up–talking about the blizzard, families, work, vacations, college visits, the importance of our girlfriends–the Egyptian people surprised, shocked, overjoyed as President Hosni Mubarak announced his resignation from the Egyptian government. While we caught up on the stories that keep our lives full and challenging and funny and changing, a leader toppled, people cheered, women wept, children hoped.
Anyway, there's no way I would still be here without a large group of people and I feel the need to thank them now. Some of you are probably going to find this boring so feel free to skip it but I hope everyone mentioned takes the time to read it!
Brewed: 04-08-2008
Most states already give motorcyclists the option of riding helmetless under certain conditions. Supporters of allowing that option in Michigan say it could boost motorcycle tours and events in the state.
“What do you call yours?” I asked him. Seemed safe to assume he was building a ship too. I mean, if he was really me, surely, he had received the same message.
Start breaking my heart for what breaks Yours
Although God is the source of all things, He nevertheless did not create the world. For one thing, He does not need the world; and for another thing, He does not will to create the world. The world is only an emanation or “overflow” from God. In this process of emanation or overflow, there are three stages: (1) the Nous, or pure in mind; (2) the Psyche or Soul; and (3) Matter. Through the union of the soul with matter arises the world of phenomena, and the soul thereby becomes bound up with mortality and evil. The entrance of the soul into the human body constitutes a genuine fall, caused by the soul fixing its gaze upon the earth rather than upon God. While the body is fundamentally evil, still the soul may be benefited by its period of tabernacling in the body. It will thus gain cognizance of evil, and learn to utilize its own powers, thus starting on its return to God.
A separate review will be featured on this blog soon once I've tried out all the products and cut up my soap bars. Do let me know which product review you would like to see featured first.
Late one evening on March 9, 2000, a written quorum call was hand-delivered by Delta Force and Navy SEALs to 15 members of the US Senate and the US House who were sponsors and co-sponsors of NESARA. They were immediately escorted by the Delta Force and Navy SEALs to their respective voting chambers where they passed the National Economic Security and Reformation Act.
On February 6, 2006, Eric Axelson announced he was leaving the band. He was replaced on bass guitar by Justin Klug.
In case you haven't figured this out yet, money is not a problem in Nepal. There is plenty of money. It all goes into deep pockets! I had to wonder how a student could concentrate on anything, let alone fine arts, with such a reek coming into the old classrooms.
16. Single? Married? In a relationship?
Well, one of the things that we have are masks. (You can see them sitting on top in the picture.) Again, I wasn't exactly sure what I would do with these when I bought them. I will tell you one thing, I didn't expect that we would turn them into aliens!
I remember lovingly creating this space. First I had to clear out the detached garage, moving stored articles to another area and chalking out the space. Then I cleaned it, uncovering a beautiful old dry-goods counter (perfect height for making art) stashed in the back and topped with years of motor oil and original milk-green paint. I stripped the top, cleaned up the rest and added casters. It will never leave this room unless I build a larger door.
Line a medium sheet pan with a kitchen towel and place the poached sweetbreads on the towel in a single layer. Fold the towel over them to cover, then place a same-sized sheet pan on top. Weigh the top pan down with whatever, e.g., a brick, tomato cans, a hand weight. Place in the refrigerator for a few hours or even overnight. Remove from towel, place on a platter or dish, cover with plastic wrap and allow to reach room temperature before cooking.
This article, with the title "Singapore Gumshoe", from several years ago has a anotehr on Singapore's supposed gum-free-ness, and how the rules have been relaxed some in order to allow chewing gum for medical but not immoral purposes. And how he got afflicted with gumshoe.
A man whose bar tab totaled more than $130 was arrested for DUI early Friday.
I'm not a writer.
There is a little finishing canter before coming to a standstill.
While the Societies were well organised in the parishes to the west of the Pentlands, there is no evidence that a comparable level of organisation existed among the scattered militant presbyterians in the parishes to the east of the Pentlands in northern Peeblesshire. The Societies did operate in Peebleshire, but their main recorded area of activity lay in the south-west of the shire in Tweedsmuir parish.
Speaking of vaguely creepy, this has got to be the eeriest and least textually convincing version of "You Can Make It If You Try" ever laid down. Sounds like the aforementioned Ike Turner's "Sinner's Dream" or something.
Becoming the observer is a simple concept that only requires intention and reinforcement. When you wake up in the morning on day one of this practice-simply say to yourself “I am only observing today-Not judging.” As your day progresses keep a mental tab of how many times you characteristically attempt to judge an event or situation. You will find that it happens A LOT more than you realized at the onset of this practice. Every time you feel a judgment thought rising up in your mind, simply remind yourself that you are observing only and let go of the judgment. Start out with one day, or even one morning or afternoon and gradually expand until you have the hang of it.
It is born of the devil, nurtured in evil, and set loose to do its vile work. It moves its foul form with a sleek, sudden malevolent grace. It comes, it touches, it takes over. Then the horror begins. An aging surgeon, a captured fugitive, a pregnant mother, an innocent hospital worker - each is its victim, driven by a grotesque impulse to acts of murder, mayhem, nymphomania, infanticide, cannibalism... Can it be stopped? Perhaps... But the battle will be waged by a few brave, desperate souls on the edge of Hell, while Satan awaits the triumph of his cherished...DARKLINGS.
Our creativity is an important part of being a well-rounded human being. For many of us, this has been shut down.
'Easy,' said the Blonde (called Dorothy) , 'there's the second of
I’m going to be working on more books in the series, to expand my virtual bookshelf.
In celebration of our new service, we’re offering Double Miles on these flights.
he hesitates a second as i ask how
Modesty hides my thighs in her wings,
I watched the Golden Globes last night b/c I love the spectacle of the dress, the hair and the jewelry. I did not like Drew Barrymore's gown at all, I kept asking myself, "What is that thing on her shoulder?" And it was a bit disconcerting to watch her drag Jessica Lange up onstage. Ms. Lange was Miss Thing. A great dramatic actress and a great beauty. But perhaps since she sliced up her face, she's not feeling it anymore. I compared her to Helen Mirren. They're both about the same age. But Ms. Mirren owns it. She may have had a little nip or tuck here or there, but its still her face. She's not trying to look 30, she knows she not. And she is still gorgeous. Every time I see her, I pray, Let me still have that grace and that power.
By the way, a lot of postcolonial writers are able to code-switch. I do that a lot myself. I use English for communication but when I am at my parents’, I use Mandarin Chinese or Cantonese (for my mum – when I want to describe something, but only Cantonese could express it better).
Yakushiji T, Watanabe I, Kuwabara K, Yoshida S, Koyama K, Hara I, Kunita N. Long-term studies of the excretion of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) through the mother’s milk of an occupationally exposed worker. Archives of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology 1978; 7: 493-504.
While Nathan Nettleton does not speak for the wider Baptist church, here he provides a rationale for the equal recognition of same-sex marriages contributing to, rather than undermining, the institution of marriage.
Recently I was doing some work with a customer how they might update their vision, mission and values.
As of 2009, the top ten US natural gas producers were: BP, Anadarko Petroleum, XTO Energy, Chesapeake Energy, Devon Energy, ConocoPhillips, Enccana Corp, Chevron, ExxonMobil, and Williams Cos Inc. ExxonMobil has recently bought XTO energy, making it the largest producers of natural gas in the U.S. If you were to Google any one of these companies with the terms “civil and criminal fines” behind their names, you would find numerous examples of chronic law breaking behavior ranging from insider trading, to bribery, to numerous different types of violations of the Clean Water Act and Clean Air Act, to violations of OHSA safety standards leading to worker injury and death.
I have been behind in my pottery production due to first the bees and then Lubec Arts Alive, but finally got fully back into the studio Saturday with an eight-hour throwing session, and again today for another five hours. I am trying to narrow-down and focus-in on the thrown items that I enjoy making the most and am attempting to make a "game-plan" for the rest of the summer and fall. As usual, I am multi-tasking with varied mediums and projects and next up is possibly a website and some vending. I still haven't set a workshop schedule but hope to teach at least one or two workshops before summer's end, and also look forward to being a participant in an encaustics workshop later this month. Happy Birthday to me!
How comforting is that?
Thank you Minerva for the idiotic youth.
Elephants are amazingly intelligent animal. They understand and obey to many commands.
Sara performed exhaustive research: testing marinades, grilling, searing and baking and baking char sui and then making several variations on buns: baked, steamed and vegetarian. You can see all of her work here. I used her alternative marinade without red food colouring or maltose and made the I-don't-want-to-go-to-the-store substitution of Sherry for Shaoxing Cooking Wine. As Sara said grilling gave the best result, I had my Dad work his magic on the pork with a result so beautiful that I was almost sad to dice it to create the filling for the buns.
Please leave $500.00 under west steps of Hyde Park Baptist Church, Cor. 2nd & Cong. Ave, Hyde Park. Leave money by 6 oclock Friday evening Apr. 12, 1901. Said amount must be in gold and greenback. Bills must not be larger than $20.00 a peice. If money is left by said time, we will repay it soon. If said money is not left at said place by said time, we will kill you or some of your family or destroy your property soon. You can take the risk of losing your life or of getting the money back, just as you like. We are gamblers and have done this several times before and have always got the money. We have always paid it back inside of six months. You must say nothing about this to no one till you get your money back. But if you think you can catch us, and fo mention this, you and your family and property are in same danger, and you will be destroyed as quick as possible. We have asked you as gentlemen should; now be a gentleman and leave the full amount. You will not miss $500.00 for six months. Take warning from us.
Our discussion is focussed on the consequences of not clearly articulating the Value Propositions and how loosing control of this important process can cause many issues for the marketing organization and the CMO. Let’s discuss from the world of Tech Startups, for example, the selling process and the critical need for the customer value propositions to be clearly defined, written down, and understood by all involved in selling.
A film that graphically shows how Robert Mugabe's supporters rigged Zimbabwe's election has been smuggled out of the country by a prison officer. It is believed to be the first footage of actual ballot-rigging and comes as Zimbabwe's president faces growing international pressure.
Engage your clients and their community within social networks – start a contest. Executing contests that ask people to follow you on social media, or even better, submit public testimonials, as a way of entering, can be invaluable to your business. Strong recommendations/ testimonials with pictures helps to impact the viral notion of getting your name, your “brand” out within the business community that you work within.
This one stole my heart. The chevron pattern feels so modern and the colors are tweaked toward gray and coral, which makes this invite feel sophisticated and unexpected. You’ll find these on Etsy and need to contact the designer directly for a personalized listing.
So I picked her up and plunked her on the mower.
Chicken with Forty Cloves of Garlic
Now parentless, I feel exposed and vulnerable like never before.
messenger
In the mean time, we need to start the process of elimination, to see if anything relieves his current symptoms. Doc, said first thing to go should be wheat..... We will see how this goes. I bought some of that rice bread today and made lunch on it. The kids liked it, however, about an hour after lunch, little Rooney came walking down the hall with a bag of crackers...
Gauthama solved the drought problem, with a pond (small lake or ‘Kere’) of water that he found with Varuna Deva‘s help. With that he built a green hermitage and he grew grains like rice and barley.
They went past the wooden wall. There was a corridor to the right. Rubble was everywhere. Everyone was stumbling over rocks and wooden debris.
Honestly, I think that Anja looks incredible. She's that one in a million that can pull this dress off.
Aspartame is the most popular artificial sweetener in the United States, but I think a more apt description would be the most dangerous food additive on the U.S. market.
1.) Believe it or not, I can drink roughly around 30-40 glasses of water a day. Why? Well I'm just always soooo thirsty.
Asda is currently selling the 2008 Wolf Blass Yellow Label Cabernet Sauvignon for £4.48, half their usual price of £8.97 - which is great news if you like the intense cassis flavours of South Australian Cab. (As you can probably guess from that it's not totally my cup of tea)
I love these papers, the colours, the patterns and pictures. Can't understand why it's taken me until now to use them. I've punched this mixing bowl out of the patterned papers using the 2" x 1 3/8" Oval Punch and layered it with a frame from Sizzlits Lots of Tags. Here's a side view:
The third reason I feel guilty is probably the worst one of all. In the last couple of months, when he’s been rampaging and lashing out I have inwardly thought to myself words like ‘Nightmare’, ‘Naughty child’, ‘Beyond’….’Brat’. And now I’m crying typing this because it might not be his fault. He might be frustrated because he can’t hear properly and can’t communicate his wants and needs sufficiently. And I feel terrible that I’ve thought of my lovely red haired boy in that way, because he is a lovely boy. He is affectionate to us all, he’s funny and has an amazing sense of humour. He’s as smart as his brother was at the same age. He adores the bones of his big brother. He’s a little sweetheart, he truly is. I feel awful and like I’ve let him down. I’m his mother, I’m meant to know when something isn’t right.
For those of you who have been following us on a regular basis (if you’re not – why not?!) you will know that we have been rebuilding The Lodge, our volunteer accommodation at Cwm Ivy.
Friday's tasting (3pm-7pm) will feature the Frambozen, Sam Smith Winter Warmer, Duvel, and Sierra Nevada 30th Anniversary Grand Cru. Hope to see you then!
My heart has known glad tidings
Mind, Matter and Waste
In a small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, chili sauce and Sriracha until smooth.
3. The OCR server translated the TIFF file into data that could be processed digitally. During that process, the image of each letter was translated into a character code that told the computer what type of letter it was. That data was saved as a text file which could be understood by any text processing program. The OCR process was completed by deleting the TIFF file.
As an introduction to a unit on literary analysis, this week I asked my juniors to think about where they come from in terms of culture. I gave them this handout. It asks them to think about ten ways to define themselves, from religion to family to entertainment choices. I then gave them this handout, outlining a three minute presentation where they were to talk about which cultural group they most identify with and share a text that illustrates that culture. The presentation also required a visual aide of this text they identify with. It's show and tell for the high school set.
Brookmyre said that he started writing at the age of 6, and most of his early stuff was a straight rip-off of what he was reading (he spent two months writing nothing but stories about sharks eating people after seeing Jaws). He had a great teacher at school and, when he wrote two versions of the same story in class (one cleaned up and one with swearing and necrophilia) she told him it was the best thing he had ever written. She supported him in writing it and gave it to the headmaster. Unfortunately, she did not choose her words carefully enough when she said to the headmaster "I think you really ought to see this."
Piano Works:-
(At this point, I felt a little tearful!)
Then there was Seventh Avenue. The “Park Slope Pioneers” just walking on to the F-Train with their New York Times. Why the hell would they all want to live in that “rat-hole” of a neighborhood for? A place where all the streets are on a slant and no one has a driveway? How many times this week did you get mugged? You can keep that joint, I’d rather stay here in Kensington. Imagine we actually had better schools than Park Slope in the 70’s.
But don’t.
In the midst of stress and worry, can come something new and wonderful.
Rag Doll livin' in a movie
The powder is very lightweight so great for a natural finish. Rather than a totally matte finish it has a slight radiance to it, due to ingredients including gemstones to create a satin finish.
10. Groovie Goolies: (First aired 1970, ran until 1972) Groovie Goolies was an animated spinoff of Sabrina The Teenage Witch (the original comic book series, not the one with Melissa Joan Hart). Keeping with their name and the atmosphere of the time, the Groovie Goolies were indeed quite groovy. The show actually produced a hit song for Richard Mondo called "Chick a Boom." The Goolies themselves were a group of hip monsters who sang a pop song during each episode. What you might not have guessed from their name, however, is that the Goolies were drawn to be funny and not scary.
"Your horse belongs to the army now, and you're too young to join up. Don't you worry -- we'll take good care of him. I'll take personal care of him, and that's a promise."
Anyway… I’m much older and wiser now, right? So why is it that I know, in my heart of hearts, that I wouldn’t hesitate to accept this “shoe on the other foot” proposition Louis CK was presented with:
What traditions do you have?
As has been stated many times prior: when the student is ready, the teacher will appear.
08. The Last Year
Nisennenmondai
By 1966 the Stones had mastered the recording studio and the art of making records and disc three's twenty four tracks start near the beginning of the golden era, opening with 19th Nervous Breakdown (with a different lead vocal track) and two alternate versions of Have You Seen Your Mother Baby (Standing In The Shadow), both with different lead vocals over a very different mix of the basic track, the second has a piano intro not heard on the final version. Also present are Get Yourself Together (two alternate versions, one with an added electric guitar), demos for Yesterday's Papers and Dandelion (the latter is Keith's home demo with him singing lead), alternate mixes of We Love You and 2000 Light Years From Home, the infamous Gold Painted Nails (the last time Andrew Oldham would set foot the studio with the Stones), Did Everybody Pay Their Dues? which is Street Fightin' Man with its original lyric and vocal track, many alternate mixes of Begger's Banquet era tracks, the version of Jumpin' Jack Flash from the short promo film they made to promote it (very different but every bit as great as the issued 45), along with a few tracks familiar from other bootlegs-- Family, Blood Red Wine, Highway Child, finishing up with an outtake version of Mick's first solo disc-- Memo From Turner from the film Performance (Keith refused to play on it because of Mick and Anita's sex scenes, encouraged by Donald Camell, bugged him, so Mick recruited Ry Cooder, Stevie Winwood, Al Cooper and Traffic's Jim Capaldi and had 'em sounding just like the Stones by the final take).
And can’t be covered. One day,
Here a few other links to storing water and websites that you might find helpful:
Studies are then reported as showing, for example, that people with autism are good or bad at a particular test, that their brains are over- or under-activated in response to a particular stimulus, or that they do or do not respond to a particular intervention. This kind of generalization, from the handful of individuals taking part in the study to "people with autism", is only licensed if people with an autism diagnosis are interchangeable - if they are essentially the same. Yet one only has to meet a few to realise that this is not the case.
It’s means God is like a shipwrecked sailor, washed ashore on a green island where a lady found him and warmed him between her thighs.
But even with prayer guides and Scripture to guide you, I know how hard it can be to trust the God who is allowing your child to suffer. So I won’t condemn you for asking prickly questions. Instead, I’ll encourage you, cry with you, and support you when your faith grows weak. When you can’t hang on a minute longer, I’ll hold you close until your strength and your faith return.
I will use Timothy Cheek’s « Living with Reform » to explain the historical context. I will try to demonstrate a historical constraint to changes in government. Also how and why the CCP seeks legitimacy of power through direct or indirect popular support.
Flapper dresses were on the runway for spring 2012; perhaps echoes of a prosperous decade hearten an impecunious world. At least we don't have Prohibition. ("Not that we noticed, really", my mother said, glossing over the evening the cops raided the casino.)
JOHN ADAMS, letter to Thomas Jefferson, Feb. 2, 1816
My weekend was everything I hoped it would be and more.
i would love to say that i haven’t ever eaten this many bagels before in my life, but sadly, that would just be a lie. when i was eighteen, i moved to san francisco with nothing but a dream of a fantastic life (read: no money) and some friends by my side (and i do mean literally by my side; our apartment was teeny tiny).
Therefore the chorus ‘No Safe Havens for Dirty Money’ being sung by Christine Lagarde of the IMF and Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala must be played to French politicians, business elites, the banks, the property sector and the corporations, for charity they say begins at home.
After what seemed like eternity, she finally turned to meet his gaze. “What do you want me to stop?”
Minister Yaacob said that while progress has been made by Malay youths in education, the Malay community must continue to explore ways to support, motivate and empower the youths to go on to lead lives as productive members and leaders.
Xu X, Cho SI, Sammel M, You L, Cui S, Huang Y, Ma G, Padungtod C, Pothier L, Niu T, Christiani D, Smith T, Ryan L, Wang L. Association of petrochemical exposure with spontaneous abortion. Occup Environ Med 1998; 55: 31-36.
After hearing a talk on moments of insight Beeman decided to look for a way to test for them. He devised a number of brain teasers. Here's one:
In another saucepan melt the remaining butter. Add the garlic and mushrooms and saute for a few minutes till mushrooms are soft.
Slide the heavy barges trail'd
They sent me a link to their bandcamp page where you can listen to everything they've ever done. Toxicbreed's Funhouse recently posted their entire discography, so I've provided those links. Hopefully they don't mind me giving all their shit away.
Just leave a comment and then all your names will be put in a pot and the winner will be picked out by Bella (with Mr Boo's help).
Next day was a return to packing for us, after saying farewell every one that left – it appeared that everyone in the guest house was returning home, except us and I must admit that there was a bit of jealously. Still we only have a few more days in Singapore before we too call time on our journey and head back to Europe.
Faith isn't about the Science, but there are some intriguing ideas here in that regard. It is a smart, thoughtful exploration of humanity and how far obsessions can take us. So the back story. A few centuries ago a mysterious ship nicknamed "Faith" attacked the space faring Sakhran Empire (vaguely lizard-like humanoids) causing their society to pull back technologically. No one knows what Faith is exactly. Is it even like a normal ship with a crew or some kind of space-born creature? That mystery alone pulled me in and gave off a very strong Star Trek vibe. Faith is what you might get if Joe Abercrombie turned his dark skills to Science Fiction after reading a few Robert J. Sawyer novels and seeing a few too many Q episodes of Star Trek. This isn't a hard Sci-Fi read by any stretch, but that should help pull in the more fringe readers who fear something too technical and just want a totally enthralling story.
According to the web site, "we’ll read through as much of your feedback as possible and post a summary of what you had to say a few days after the video is posted."
Greg X Volz came in from Nashville the same day of the concert. He and his band arrived like clockwork and set up their equipment. Greg and Mark and their bands ran sound checks and with plenty of time to spare the concert set-up was finished. The caterers had the food ready and everyone got their suppers. I found myself alone at a table in one of the backstage rooms with Mark and a young man that I had gotten to help with set up. Mark led us in a prayer and then the three of us ate.
Pat the dough into a 12 by 9 inch rectangle (with the heel of your palm), then brush it with melted butter. Sprinkle the filling evenly over the dough, leaving about 1/2 inch of a border. (So, it will look sort of like a photo frame when, except it’s sugar instead of a picture. See photo.) Press the filling firmly into the dough.
fuck. if liz did it, so can i.
Episode 2 starts with the four guys looking like war reenactors in position with Fish Girl holding up a frying pan as a weapon. I like how she finds four strange men in her house and thinks a frying pan would save her. It would make more sense if there was some hot oil in it.
Sitting down to the big meal seems like the highlight of Thanksgiving, but the highlight really comes a couple hours later. The pumpkin pie is gone, the turkey is picked over, the dishes are done, relatives, friends and guests are gone, the kids and pets are snoozing and somehow, when all is quieted down, the labor for the feast is done, in the depth of your soul you join a whole nation, satiated with food and drink, as if embraced by the wide arms of God, and give a sigh of relief and say “Thank you God!”
1. Outward evil speech comes from the inward vile person
Knees, why have you failed me?
“C’mon, I know you’re in there! I’m not leaving until you open the door!” Cari demanded.
She was straight up there feeling for currents, waiting to ride the air so’s she could save on her energy. A thing of beauty, she was, circling above me like she expected me to get out a chunk of meat and the lure.
So she agrees to his terms and sets about making a web, while the male rests leisurely on a twig. When the web is finished, she lies down on her back in the middle of it, allowing the male to bind her legs. He then proceeds to probe her sexual opening with his palps, causing her to moan ecstatically until she shudders to a devastating climax.
The boy was supposed to apply for bail yesterday, but told his lawyer not to go ahead with the application because he was comfortable at the place of safety where he has been held since his arrest.
We can do no more Christ like service than to seek always to promote peace between man and man, to keep people from drifting apart, and to get them to live together more lovingly.
I wanted to give each of us the All-American and/or assault rifles and/or spears and/or swords and/or shields and/or armor, but I could not remember the cheat codes; and so I wished for some random weapons instead, which were a bit better than our current weapons, and that helped us to start winning in our fight against the zombie-like beings.
The sermon saw Harris urge parents of girls who are “acting too butch” to make them “walk like a girl and talk like a girl, and smell like a girl.”
So far, just thinking.
I think everyone in the world should listen to Pipedream from Cardiff, South Wales. They're possibly my favorite South Wales band at the moment. If you dig Jawbreaker and realmo you'll be all over that shit!
Meanwhile prepare the wonton skins and use teaspoon , scoop the chicken mixture and make it like a little ball and wrap it with wonton skin, use till the filling dough is finish,
The Craft Beer Co still has a couple of squeaks when it turns around too quickly but on the whole it is a great addition to the Cask’s new range of pubs. It is just a shame it doesn’t do food, with craft beer places a lot of the beer percentages hit over the 7% abv mark and this in mind you do want food and not to be awkward but one thing we heard a lot on the Friday was folks trying to figure out places to eat in this area when the chippy over the road shut early and you don’t really know the area. Only a small point to an otherwise charming place.
Whatever one's life situation, it seems like there are more demands than ever before, some self imposed and some necessitated by families, job, and maintaining the roof over our heads. How and where do you find balance?
Start drove hard in his No. 00 Fiat USA/SRT/Carbotech Fiat 500 as the second through fourth place cars battled for second spot. All the fighting for second place allowed Marie to steadily pull away, driving off to a 3.354-second margin of victory.
Personally, I believe the Stats vs “Scouting” argument will go the way of the Bloggers vs MSM debate. Eventually most of us will come to the conclusion that there’s a place for both sides when it comes to hockey. A few bitter dinosaurs will continue to think stats are worthless, just as bitter dinosaurs still think that all bloggers make up rumours from their mothers’ basements. A few bitter stats heads will refuse to get over the way they’re being treated right now, just as some bitter bloggers can’t bring themselves to play nice with the MSM. But mostly we’re going to accept that there’s room for “watching the game” and a place for statistical analysis. And all that’s going to do is enhance our enjoyment of hockey.
6. Are you very sensitive and personalize what he says?
Argo (the Undertaker with yellow and brown hair) escapes, gets chased down, confronts Shu, tells him he isn’t like Gai, beats the shit out of him.
It is on the bank of Tunga river and is famous for Shringeri Sharada muth.It is started by Adi Shankaracharya. When Adi shankaracharya was roaming in India he saw a snake protecting a pregnent frog here. He was inspired by that sean and started a muth and named it as Sharada muth. Rishya shringa also established Shrinkala mata here.
I found my place in the book and started to recite the Sutra, hoping that my brother did not think that I had timed our visit with the intention of trapping him into prayer, feeling almost aloof about the good fortune of chance. I was kind of squinting at myself from far away as I chanted, squirming with an awareness that yes, I had orchestrated this; it wasn’t “chance”.
This is Sugared Spruce. A twist on the traditonal Christmas Tree pine scent. It's mellowed out with some yummy citrus and a sugary note that smells really great. Almost a "candied" scent.
Sincerely and honestly yours
1 languages
It started when a few people – including my friend who was supposed to help me create the menu for the trip – pulled out of the hike. Instead of fourteen, we were six. Then my builder absquatulated and left me to my own devices in the middle of a renovation. Miraculously, my friend from work knew of a reliable builder. (Yes. Now I scoff at that ironic dichotomy, too.) I gave him full instructions: which walls to paint the dark colour, which ones to paint light. What the backsplash had to look like. The joins I want for the porcelain tiles at the entrance to the bedrooms and the bathroom. I should’ve known when I got home to pick up my bag for the weekend, and found that the wrong paint was on the wrong walls. And I think I did. I think I knew that Karma was having the worst case of PMS ever to be suffered by an unfortunate female. Because this is what she did:
These great jars (as well as all the other goodies you see here) can now be found in the Sweet Style store here.
Post-coup situation update, Monday, April 2: Bamako continues to operate under a veneer of normality, with most businesses and schools open, and both private and state broadcasters airing their regular music and cultural programs. Nobody is fooled by appearances, however: taxi drivers say they aren’t getting much business because a lot of people are choosing to stay home, and business owners in the city center say customers are avoiding the downtown area, which is the usual scene of demonstrations. Our son’s daycare, from which we received our first indication of trouble brewing on March 21 (its early closure was announced several minutes ahead of the US Embassy’s SMS alert notification), which was open for half-days last week, decided to close last Friday “until the situation calms down.” Then we got a call from them this morning saying they are open again.
Now I must go pick some wild blueberries in my field to make Spiced Wild Blueberry Jam for those hungry workshop participants! Alles gute!
The Dark Horse, long discounted for selling more expensive metal bottles, was poised for a charge. Sigg, a longtime manufacturer of metal contrivances, began having great success with its water bottle line. These bottles were non-carcinogenic, and cruelty free. They're a bit hard to clean though.
From scorching 32C a couple of days back we went to 15 degrees today and heavy rains. Although the heat kinda got to me at one point, I actually haven't had enough of sunshine (literally) in my life. I have also not been cooking too much, simply because I don't feel like it. After researching and writing and editing 2 to 3 articles a day, and an hour gone swimming, then grocery shopping, I am pooped by the end of the day. There is no energy left to whip up something nice, leave alone style it, take pics and blog. If Ro's working from home then its even more tiresome with lunch also thrown in.
All kids count. We just need to help them to know that. Sponsoring one with Compassion will make that known.
Today the D-lite team is featured on the Momenta page!!! For my project today I used the "Family Outings" paper stack and my I have to say this paper is a dream. Not only is the patterns super cute that are in the stack but they have a texture and quality that is super yummy! It cut great on my cricut.
Feels like I’ve not really done very much at all this week, but the stats say I’ve knocked out just shy of 20 miles this week. That was made up a couple of midweek runs in the evenings and 9.8miles yesterday morning.
Mr. Sapiens: Is that the only reason? Or because you did not give me all the information I needed concerning constipation?
Height of the triangle needed x4 + ½” for seams = width of the fabric strip to be taken
And yet, life doesn’t work that way. Just because there are really cool things happening doesn’t mean I feel on top of my game. It doesn’t mean that the personal things that aren’t so great are balanced by the news that I get on the work front. In fact, while each piece of good news makes me smile, I find that smile disappears quicker than it once did. I sleep less easy. In short…I’ve hit a wall.
but cutting deeper.
Across these lands and seas
In my search of the internet for informative paranormal related articles and theories, I’ve stumbled across several of these “you know you’re a ghost hunter when…” posts. Here is just a small list of my favorites plus a couple of my own thrown in. Check them out and see if you can add to the list. ;D
If I'd had any doubt about actually being in Ireland, it was swept away after my first real conversation after landing. It was at the train station in Dublin, where I was going to catch a train to Drogheda, the first stop on the way to the first music festival I would attend. The information I'd gotten from the festival said there was a 1:30 p.m. train from Dublin to Drogheda, but there was only an 11:22 a.m. train listed on the board.
~You are the center of attention and know it! You get mad if you want attention and aren't getting it fast enough!
* tiplessness
BigTop, Hippy Ricky, Taffi Louis
Enter today. I was checking my message boards, as I usually do, and someone posted a tutorial on how to make a monogram using PowerPoint. Now I can get somewhere. For anyone that doesn't know, Open Office is a free software suite that includes a word processing program, presentation software, spread sheets, and other stuff that I haven't even had a chance to explore yet. It's the program that I have been using for my invitation and stationary templates, and now I figured out how to use it for monograms too! Happy day.
· The logical reaction is to run from the problem (challenge), as opposed to facing it head-on (1 Kings 19:3).
I've been thinking a lot about the book my sister and I are going to put together, and here are some sketches for it! Dust, Ulysess (he's from the sequel! I'm so late in illustrating it that she's actually started writing the second book!), Peter, Wendy and Wendy.
A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves amongst those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the traitor appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his victims, and he wears their face and their arguments, he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a nation, he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city, he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear.
Back to Pinterest. Lots of my friends are addicted and warned me not to "go there" if I did not want to burn up my day. But, I tell you, it's worth it! :) And I even see a potential to find new customers there so I can totally justify my addiction!
What will go on the top and bottom of the piece remains to be discovered.
Topeka Kansas
Oh, dear Heaven above, how wrong I was.
Violet in Bloom was breathtaking. I have to say it was one of my favorites. I even cried when I was reading the book. Now, to actually learn about Violet in Bloom let's get to my summary!
If being professional and polite aren't that high on your list of priorities, you probably shouldn't be reading this blog as it is for people who want to be professional writers and I prefer polite people. But if you feel a lapse once or twice won't matter too much to your overall image, let's look at some other consequences. I suppose these are really the explanation of why it is unprofessional and rude to miss deadlines.
People in general don’t attend church on a regular basis, not necessarily even those that are religious. When I tell people I go to church every single Sunday, three full hours with kids and all, they really think I’m joking.
Annie's recipe:
I want my future to be a lot of things. I want it to be simple. No drama. I want to continue doing my photography but on a much greater and hopefully busier scale. I want my boys to have a good head on their shoulders and be able to make their way through the challenges in their lives in a healthy manner. I’d love a future full of blessings, children, money, and good fortune.
and with it,
4 – 7 p.m. Woodchuck Cider, Sampling in the Beer Department
Curry powder- 2 tsp
I will never forget how Jin Ho received Gae In while she’s venting out her feelings in Episode 4. Minho’s eyes there and his expression, superb!
Blend til smooth and enjoy! I do have a vita mix. I'm not sure how it would work in a traditional blender. I believe that you should have a high speed blender so that it can really get things blended so that your body can incorporate them easily.
“Yeah,” I said. “It doesn’t mean you have to start good-mouthing him, but you have to stop bad-mouthing him.”
Head over to Stanley or Sheko beaches on the other side of Hong Kong Island for a little bit of paradise (not as good as Australian beaches but I’ve been too spoilt in the past!), both these beaches you can get to by taxi or public transport. They also have great hikes which take you there too – Stanley’s 1000 Steps and Sheko’s Dragon’s Back are beautiful and well worth doing. Also, a jaunt around Lamma Island is great fun but slightly tarred by a massive powerstation as the backdrop.
"I am sorry, Ma'am, but there is a bear preventing us from off loading your luggage."
Somewhere in there we manage to make (too much) time for bestselling author Snookie and her homies on The Jersey Shore. Is there hope for mankind? Ask again in 2012. If we're slathering on the sunblock at 10:30 PM, then the answer is no.
One of my favorite dreams was about my favorite tv show Sabrina the Teenage Witch. In my dream, Sabrina sprinkled fairy dust on me, and we started flying across the sky. We flew higher and higher. Then, I realized that I was slowly losing height.
When we got home, I stopped the car in the driveway and we listened to the last couple minutes. I laughed in delight when it came to a crashing end.
I don't think she is ill. I think it is pretty much the same reason why I ended up in hospital for bladder checks at age five. The hospital were very quick to discover that my wetting was down to the fact that I just couldn't be bothered to go for a wee. The Husband reckons my laziness obviously started then from childhood and unfortunately The Tomboy is heading the same way. And that's certainly not in the direction of the toilet.
Place in the fridge or freezer for 30/10 minutes respectively and enjoy!
__There were found on the territory of Ukraine over 40 varieties of coloured stones are found, used by modern jewellers in their wares. The original works of the Ukrainian artists-jewellers have the wide range – from the classical in form, with the use of ancient traditions and motives, to the most advance ones.
The challenges late starters face aside, it leads to the double standards of society – you’ll rarely hear comments that “it’s not a big deal” for not doing well in school and not attending tuitions.
Nicholas P. Chiofalo, 39, Selden, N.Y.
Beach House - Other People
Tiny amt for hair, eye, smile
4 scallions, cut in 1” pieces
Do you really wish for my readers to get the impression you have something to hide, and are stonewalling? I also find it particularly ironic that Ted Koppel--a journalism god--is giving the keynote address at tomorrow's graduation. What would Mr. Koppel think?
And all the rest didn't go as it should either.
“Normal” need not be so poisonous. It can be reassuring, a way everyone behaves so that everyone can more or less know what to expect from others, a framework for society. It can be flexible enough to include others: Boris Johnson includes all, immigrants and provincials, as “Londoners”, and Justin Duckworth gets to be a bishop. Too wide a “Normal” can be frightening for some-
this problem is not only in the present government, all corrupt politicians shun from criticism, Hippocratic leaders tend to forget they are nothing but public servants.
"No, No, I have, I've let you down.
And racism is revealed in lighter ways— witness the reporting of the racist outcry by younger fans of The Hunger Games at the realization that that two popular characters are black— apparently obvious to anyone who paid attention to the book, but young racists of lesser reading retention couldn’t ignore the fact in the film.
Then he gives the statement of “church discipline” as a way of preventing abuse by religious leaders. He lays out a way of dealing with those who “offend” by doing it in a loving and kind way. After laying out the loving way to deal with “one who sins against you” Peter – apparently looking for a loophole – asks, “how many times do I have to forgive one who sins against me?” And Jesus answers by telling the parable of the unmerciful servant. In this parable a servant of the King is forgiven an unpayable debt. The servant then goes out and demands payment by one of his fellow servants for a minor debt. The unmerciful servant is then punished because he would not forgive little when he had been forgiven much.
In Dominican cooking a very essential and easy to do dish is...... White Rice. It cooks in 30-45 minutes depending on the amount you want to cook. This is something that is simple and within minutes you’ll have a good meal and that almost everyone likes.
What a cute idea! You all know that I love upcycled things, well my husband drinks coke like nobody's business so this would be a perfect little thing for our fridge, especially because I'm always complaining of not having enough magnets (I have the magnetic chip clips but no magnet magnets). This little guy is adorable too and the bright colors of the coke can make him so happy. I love it!
Not two minutes later, I saw my husband walking in the door to the apartment with a gorgeous bouquet of red roses and a shopping bag. He gave me the roses, a hat which I saw in a store window the day before which I had admired earlier that week, along with a beautiful red necklace from the local jeweler. I was not surprised as he has always been very thoughtful and terribly good to me.
The House of Martell is pleased to present The Martell Trunk by Pinel & Pinel, a prestigious collaboration with the French luxury malletier. This journey of the senses takes place against the gently lit backdrop of the leatherlined compartments and drawers, offering the Martell Collection such as Cordon Bleu, XO, or L’Or de Jean Martell. Furthermore, Martell has endowed this trunk with twenty-eight montres that contain the most unique and exclusive blends. In the company of crystal glasses and decanters, rare scented candles and a cigar humidor, the trunk holds all of the noblest companions to the tasting of cognac. Last but not least, the trunk contains a small blue leather-bound booklet – The Cellar Master’s Notebook – which contains all the handwritten tasting notes of Martell’s cellar master, Benoît Fil.
The second reading of the bill was approved by a 10-0 vote with five absent members on Thursday afternoon.
Exercise is not a spectator sport.
Richelle has amazing writing skills and with each book your hooked from the first page right up until the end which for me is pure torture because the next book in the series will only be released next year. For our Adrian fans get ready to see a new side of him that at times was only present when he was around Rose. I'm a huge Adrian fan but I have to admit that he had me laughing, angry and even at one point a little teary. What we didn't see in Adrian in the previous books we will definitely see in BLOODLINES so get ready for the Adrian that you can soak up.
summer days at the beach and pool too ...
Josh Hamilton 2010 A&G Relic White
throughout the year but in Spring everything is revved up a notch.
Chris Petrella (REP) 0.37% 16
I told you last week that our last two maintenance spankings had not gone well. I sort of hit a wall, got stubborn, shut down and "whatever'ed" my way through them. Not good, not good at all. Those of you who suggested that I might be fighting my husband on some new expectations were absolutely right. I didn't see it at the time but we have now talked it through and I hope I'm over it. I hope.
Do drop by this site every once in a while to check out items for sale – which will include thrifted items such as men and women’s apparel, bags and accessories – and promos.
Yesterday, I was adhering to my daily ritual of plopping in front of the T.V. for a whole hour after a drilling day of school. Now usually I take this time to watch meaningful public broadcasting cartoons from my childhood, such as Arthur, or Clifford or some other such extraordinary cartoon. But yesterday, the public broadcasting station decided it was not a perfect day for Arthur but, a perfect day for a meaningless city council meeting in Irvine. I mean, I don’t even live in Irvine! So what’s up with that?
*Keep better laundry schedule. Get back on track with boys doing their laundry once a week.
For a bit of change from my over-indulgence in funk and soul bands, I give you my new favorite music moniker: Folk-Punk.
Some of you read of the news of the Thailand flood that happened in the past few months which inundated about 1/3 of Thailand. Many people had lost their lives, homes and livelihood from the unpredictable waters and some are still suffering now. As part of this year's charity act, 10% of the sales proceeds received from this weekend from our sister shop Deejai Supplies will go to a direct fund for crafters and artisans affected by the flood. Please help us make this possible by passing the word and visiting our booth! Come get a gift that keeps on giving...
By asking questions you will often find your client’s main decision drivers are emotional not logical. Think of you when you bought your last home. You might have seen five houses you liked but why did you buy the one you did? Likely you bought on some emotional basis.
Final flavors of beer are influenced by the strain of yeast and fermentation temperature. Lager yeast is best used at temperatures from 55°F down to 32°F. Classic lagering of beers takes place over a period of time from weeks to many months at a temperature of 45°F. Lager yeasts are bottom fermenting, which is to say that they ferment the wort while sitting on the bottom of the fermenter.
South Africa’s representative to the IAEA, Abdul Minty, abstained from an IAEA vote on Iran on Nov. 24, 2005. The license was delivered three days later, the complaint states.
The British National Party’s candidate for Wallsall North will be Christopher Woodall, it was announced at the latest party meeting in the area.
Just back from a private view party at the New Gallery - one of the many rather defunct spaces that doesn't really know how to maximise its real estate opportunities so it does stuff like being an art gallery.
Can't wait to get new one.
Trimming or pruning of some of your trees and shrubs can be done at this time. Basically it breaks down like this, if the tree or shrub flowers before the 1st of June don’t touch it now. If it flowers after the 1st of June, you can safely cut it now. Resist the urge to cut back everything. Most perennials benefit from a layer of mulched dead leaves. If you had any fungus or disease problems in an area, go ahead and cut back the plants in that area and rake up the debris. Mulch any plants that need extra protection, like those hardy banana trees! Keep your ornamental grasses up until mid-March (I’ll let you know when it’s time to cut them back).
Is it better to glory in the Creator or in His creation? Aren’t we told to set our affection on things above and not on the things on this earth? Assuredly yes, for so we read in Colossians 3:2. Sure, Paul was going to have a rough time in getting to Rome but his real citizenship was in heaven. The trials in the flesh are as nothing if we truly believe that next verse, Colossians 3:3. “For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.”
Ouch. Hiatt, who founded Sensible Washington, the group that repeatedly and unsuccessfully tried to get a broader legalization initiative on the ballot, insists his opposition to I-502 "doesn’t have a damn thing to do with jealously." Instead, he tells SW, it really does have to do with the initiative’s DUI provision.
Art and Value: An Economic Analysis of Contemporary Art
*Tea-Party faction
Daniel R. Quiles, School of the Art Institute of Chicago
I actually did this last week, but yesterday and so far this morning have been days from hell- well they could have been worst. Just hell because what I wanted to do I could not. Yesterday I spent all morning sorting out some electrified fencing for the sheep, but they still managed to ignore it ( 3 times) and spent the day outside the fencing with me playing shepherdess. Then, this morning I woke with a headache and went downstairs to the sweet smell of my 42kg (92lb) dog "accident", then the kids woke with needing to talk with me every minute, then look at the fencing for the sheep, let the wooly babies out, who then went missing - Thank God not on the highway but towards another field, and then to clean 10 of the 40 roofing sheets I said I would do for the hay shelter and of course the internet is not working well. Ahhh ..
Anyway, Stu took Teagan into day care yesterday, in his car. Halfway down our road, it happened.
It is possible that I may have stumbled across one result from Jacob’s less-than-ideal relationship with his Virginia family. I do not know if anyone else had noticed, but it seemed to me that whenever any of the other Wheelers teased, ranted or expressed contempt toward Jacob or his views on the West, he rarely bothered to defend himself. Jacob did not defend himself whenever his brothers mocked him at the dinner table.; when Jethro made the ”tail tucked between your legs”comment, following Jacob’s return to Wheelerton in ”Manifest Destiny”; and when Enoch accused him of luring both Nathan and later, Jacob to the West. Instead of defending himself, Jacob merely remained silent in an effort to ignore the hurtful comments.
This is something we can fight. This doesn't have to be the truth. The amazing, blessed thing about statistics is that they change with the mindset of their targets. We can still be that sisterhood. I don't think it's impossible; I don't even think it's hard. All it takes are baby steps: instead of posting a picture to 4chan, give it a sentence-worth of constructive criticism instead. Don't respond to getoffegl posts. Don't be that girl at meet-ups who's whispering behind her hand; engage your fellow lolitas. Get to know them. You might be surprised to find yourself actually caring. With International Lolita Day just passed, I think this is the perfect time to open up to your fellow lolitas. This isn't a solo fight, but I think we can do it. Be strong, fight the fear, and kill this hatred once and for all.
Now editing in art can be a whole spectrum of things. At one end you have the watercolour painter who goes into the field behind their home and paints them, then sells or hangs the pictures as is. At the other end you have Phil Spector producing records with the unmistakable wall of sound signature stamp. Editing falls somewhere in the middle. On the one hand there’s copy-editing that’s rather like hiring a studio complete with sound guy so your download sounds polished (I hope even that simple analogy will show the flaw in the assumption that editing is always good – the “in your front room” acoustic or “on a dodgy amp in a grotty pub” plugged-in sound is different from studio production and *some*times people prefer it – depends what they’re looking for). On the other hand a great editor working on your book with you can be like having Mark Ronson produce your record.
How is the space organized within the premises?
Hockey is king at this school. The men’s team offers students the opportunity to root for a team that has the chance to compete for a national championship every year, against legitimate rivals in a prestigious division. This opposed to a basketball team competing in a division with almost no name recognition, playing teams from schools that fans aren’t usually familiar with.
Most of the recipes call for donuts.
See, it's a fun game! Have one to add to the collection?
To know if this claim is correct we need to understand the link between alcohol consumption and the deleterious health effects, the additional crime and the traffic accidents that come as a consequence. Well, a new paper uses the sudden increase in the federal excise taxon beer and wine to measure precisely this effect.
Looking for the perfect gourmet brownies gift?
Almost like looking at "the people of Walmart." Also did you mean to say she has written 2 books?
I haven’t been feeling great this week, so I took tonight off to stay home and rest. And to bake for Alpha this Sunday. I wanted to try a new recipe and just today I saw this supposedly “perfect” cookie, which I had all the ingredients for!
I had to wait until we returned and carried in the paraphernalia critical to an almost 20 year old. His guitar hero, his poker chip case, his White Sox mugs and shot glass, his PS2 and enumerable games. All this and clothes and shoes piled in an already cluttered room.
At the same time his relationship with Sonia deteriorates. In his opinion she had always been inhibited by her beauty, incapable of passion, Alex sometimes with 'the feeling she was watching herself while we made love, to make sure she kept her dignity.' He too is an observer to their intimacy and in this novel of construction it is a moment in their new apartment together that shows just how detached they have become.
dependent lychni laquearibus aureis incensi, et noctem flammis funalia
Male Hiker: "Apparently it got really hard to see and they decided to hunker down for the night."
Presenter: On which street did Sherlock Holmes live?
Friday, August 10
Last year, I got an ARC of Dead Reckoning completely by chance. That didn’t happen this year, so I’m taking a different approach and not reading the teaser chapters or other reviews until release day gets here, so all I’ve read is the jacket blurb. I’m excited to see what will happen to everyone’s favorite telepath.
little miss can't be wrong...spin doctors
You might ask – as I rather flippantly did a few paragraphs ago – whether God doesn’t deserve some praise for all the hard work he’s put in over the years, towards the creation of, well, Creation, and its subsequent maintenance. Maybe this justifies the importance of accepting Jesus: God deserves credit for his work, and we lesser mortals really ought to give him his due.
Eventually she warmed up once we got to the petting zoo.
“Bu…er!”, I thought to myself as I gave him a cheery “Good morning!” kind of smile.
Well guess what folks? This is exactly what you are doing every single day of your American existence.
-weighted squats (I did 25 lbs. because I’m a freaking midget)
I just got a phone call from Bill that in the first 10 minutes after launch we got a $3,000 backer. I haven't even finished this blog post yet. Okay, now I'm done. I'll blog more about it soon, I'm sure. I have to go see if he's yanking my chain.
MALU OK. MALU.
Lou Stonebridge / vocals, electric piano, harmonica
In conclusion, I can say with all sincerity that “URBAN SHOTS – BRIGHT LIGHTS” will evoke laughter, mirth, humour, awe and inspiration in equal measure. There are no dull moments here. Keep turning the pages and get ready to feel genuinely bemused or pleasantly shocked till you reach the last words of any story. Please keep a handkerchief too by your side in case some stories provide that safety valve to your pent up emotions. This book is worth cherishing and a must-read.
You can send packages to our troops for FREE as long as the packages are under 2 kg. Take your parcel to the Post Office, fill out the Custom Declaration form and it's gone.
“The Neurological Alliance is our friend? Neurologists consider ME or CFS to be a psychiatric diagnosis. When I got unwell, the only specialist I was referred to was a neurologist who went on to refer me to Alastair Santhouse of Kings. I got diagnosed and the only option I was given was for a course of CBT. I went in good faith but it didn't help. I'm still unwell, no surprises there.” Sue Howley, London; sick for 3 years
Take John Green's latest novel, The Fault in Our Stars. I enjoyed the beginning, where we are introduced to teens Hazel (who has terminal cancer)and Augustus (who has had a leg amputated after suffering bone cancer), but I thought their conversations were just a little too pretentious to ring true. Then they went to Amsterdam. At first I had little quibbles ('the taxi driver wouldn't have driven through the city centre, if he's going from the airport to the Overtoom') but soon forgot them, as I was sucked in, more and more to the idea of these two in this place I knew so well. I could see them on the canals and in the streets. My imagination and memories filled in the gaps that John Green had left. Eventually there was a description of a particular corner of the Vondel Park that made my heart lurch.
It was Jesus who authorized those who could do it to remain celibate. Jesus was celibate, as well … something which certainly was not the “norm” when he walked the earth.
Veterinary Surgeon
Since baby bug has come to live with us, we have treated him as our own. I have a journal of all of his doctors appointments, firsts, adorable faces he makes, what makes him happy, how much he weighs and pictures. In essence it’s a scrapbook of his time here. If he leaves, he wont be missing this time of his life when he is older. If he stays, great he has a baby book!
The aim of this scheme (opaque fares), described variously as discount or special fares by the portals, was largely to get rid of tickets of Kingfisher Airlines, a debt-laden carrier. Some passengers, unaware that they were buying Kingfisher tickets, have subsequently been booked on flights that have later been cancelled.
-Feigning interest in your dad's newly acquired mid-life crisis hobbies
Because I will tell you a tale.
Its pain des amis, for example, is a wonderfully thick, doughy-on-the-inside, crusty-on-the-edges bread. I haven’t had bread like this here in Paris, and it is, in a word, incredible.
Search for a more fulfilling job,
If Gilb says that he makes the boy’s silence a metaphor for the plight of the Mexican American who is not allowed to have a voice, who am I to disagree with him? Well, as a reader, I think I have a right to let the story speak for itself. It may be that a reader is a better interpreter of a story than the author, for authorial skills and critical skills are quite different—as any MFA student will be happy to tell you.
‘Your skills were sharp and ranged so wide
At our last Quilt Guild meeting,
He replied, “Who is my mother? Who are my brothers?” Looking around at those seated around him in a circle, he said, “Look, here are my mother and my brothers. Whoever does God’s will is my brother, sister, and mother.”
“Yeah,” he said, and started naming who or how many sites.
As I’ve said, this is pure “experimental”, cos there will be:
I hope everyone had a wonderful Valentine's Day today. Valentine's day is probably my favorite holiday. I enjoy letting my friends and family know how much I care about them. I like that it fell on a Monday this year as we celebrated with our friends and family all weekend!
Winery: Familia Zuccardi
I told my parents that I would make them a Photobook of our wedding pictures and that has yet to happen, so maybe this is the year to do it! Here are a couple of my faves right now (I'm really into teal and orange):
Yesterday was one of those long, dreary, rainy, achy days. A day suitable for old movies, Photoshopping, reading, writing and nice, long naps. All of which I did. As much as my tresses could have used a washing, I knew the weather would not cooperate, with my waves and loose curls turning to frizz even with my anti-humidity spray. Today, however, we have sunshine, fewer aches and pains, and the hair is now clean, the dishes washed (courtesy of the dishwasher) and the A/C back on again (it’s supposed to hit 87 degrees today). And now, back to our regularly scheduled dose of Sir Guy of Gisborne, my favorite Richard Armitage chaRActer and the fella we honor each Friday.
to convince her father that he needed to go back to the hospital.......
We want to take the children to SLC to experience conference in person when they turned 8. Carson went and LOVED it. His favorite General Authority is still Elder Hales. Maddie and I haven't been able to go yet because I was still nursing Brooke when she turned 8 and then we were planning to go this conference but we couldn't find good airfare. Luckily Maddie is a trooper and is okay waiting until next April. Thanks Maddie!
I started writing when I was five years old, and I didn't get published until I was forty. So it took me a while. And, as such, I've been an aspiring author for a lot longer than I've been a published author, so I know exactly what it's like.
It is observed by millions of people in over 100 countries, in hundreds of voluntary organizations, schools, public bodies, professional groups and private businesses. … World Book and Copyright Day has won over a considerable number of people from every continent and all cultural backgrounds to the cause of books and copyright. It has enabled them to discover, make the most of and explore in greater depth a multitude of aspects of the publishing world: books as vectors of values and knowledge, and depositories of the intangible heritage; books as windows onto the diversity of cultures and as tools for dialogue; books as sources of material wealth and copyright-protected works of creative artists. All of these aspects have been the subject of numerous awareness-raising and promotional initiatives that have had a genuine impact. There must nevertheless be no let-up in these efforts.
One morning I bought 71 postcards from one market vendor.
You will never find ketchup on my hotdog. I’ve detested ketchup from the moment I learned that the ingredients include tomatoes, vinegar, and sugar. How could those things taste good together? At a standard hotdog bar, I top my wiener with mustard and sweet relish. One packet of each, squirted in the two gaps between the bun and the frank. I love the bite of the mustard and the sweetness of the relish contrasted with the meaty goodness of the dog. At home, I get a little more creative with toppings. My absolute favorite hotdog accessory is beet horseradish. It’s kicky and zingy, but a little bit sweet. In fact, I’ve been known to discard the hotdog and eat the horseradish straight out of the jar….but that’s the subject for another post.
So he is a slacker and yet he kills a hard working family man? He most definitely should be charged with First Degree Murder. Entitlement is the word for many young employees today. Many of them feel like they can arrive for work when they want to, leave when they want to, take as many breaks as they want to and the boss better not correct them.
If you are interested in participating, just leave your link below. But before doing so, be sure to see the guidelines here: 'Made From Scratch' Monday Page
People who talk slowly and listen deeply
My heart didn’t belong to me
- Scrapbook Style and Paint
Back to Texas; our appetite was not confined to the ranch. We stayed two nights in town, and ate dinner both times at the Silver K Cafe which boasted "rustic elegance" and "hill country cuisine". We weren't disappointed on either count. Their "supper" menu included honey pecan fried chicken, and smoked blackberry pork chops. My husband is still talking about the homemade cinnamon ice cream.
So despite my best efforts, I didn't end up getting photos of what I wore every day. I did warn Stefan that he'd be the official photographer in exchange for my Japanese prowess, but even still, I felt bad stopping him every few hours and being like "WAIT TAKE ANOTHER OVER HERE!" I did manage to document most of the days, though!
of his jacket
Rufous Treepie is the name of the unusual bird and its call was something I could easily recall hearing here via the internet and interestingly the bird is a member of the crow family (Corvidae). Found commonly on open scrub and agro-forest areas, both the sexes of the bird are alike in main body color of cinnamon with a back head and long graduated tail in bluish gray and tipped in black is enhanced by white patches on the wings.
The last time I rode with any serious intent was when I was first dating the SS; I got run away with, but managed to remember one was meant to turn the thing, and that worked. I suppose I must have passed whatever test as a potential life partner she was putting me through.
Already in the 25-member Politburo, Bo Xilai is a front-runner for promotion to its top decision-making body, the Standing Committee. He didn’t respond to a request for comment through his office, and his son didn’t respond to requests via email and friends.
This is one of those great stories that not only take hold of your throat- but it takes your heart right out of your chest... and never quite gives it all back to you.
Do you know my friend Leanne at One Odd Duck? I met her here in blogland. One of the very best things about blogging is all the wonderful, lovely, hilarious, smart, endearing, fun people you meet here.
and publication in The North magazine.
Though I suspect it will be a long taxi-ride away from Planet La-La".
I braced myself for something sickening sweet, but the blueberry flavor was really restrained, with only the barest of sweetness and provided a great accent to the light ale. Subtlety and balance in a light refreshing ale is an underrated thing of brewing beauty, and if you asked me, Main Street nailed it. Sometimes beer works in mysterious ways and this odd looking concoction was exactly the beer I needed to regenerate before continuing our journey south.
It is something else all together.
that the nose that
Pants: Tally Weijl, tank top: H&M, shirt: Zara, Chambray shirt: H&M (via ebay), wedges: Jumex
Would that neutralize the religious overtones of a commandments display that has the Giles County School Board in legal hot water?
Instead, these are silent thoughts.
Jesse and I decided to head out to the Arboretum (even though it was officially closed due to the football game, he got in because he's the horticulturist there!) to look at the bird house exhibit... we painted a birdhouse together and Jesse wood burned one so we entered them both (it's a fundraiser for them). I have pictures, but I can't find my camera cord! Arrrr. Jesse told me as we were leaving that he hopefully would have my birthday present finished by the evening. I told him I thought the flowers and ice cream cake was my present!
The second one is an "Elk Burger". Natural Elk Patty with Roasted Shallot, Thyme Aioli, and Gruyere Cheese for $11.95. Of course it was a bit gamey, its elk........car.........game on.
Name: Kyoko Toyama
If you could have any superpower what would you choose?
Having now reminded readers of the details of Option 1, I must also remind them that, in SGW, I concluded that Option 1 would almost certainly be incapable of de-Islamizing a country. I do not plan to revisit that argument here; rather, I will simply assume that Option 1 has now been implemented in a hypothetical country without either breaking the will of the Muslim population or inducing a non-electoral discontinuity.
-Gandhi
The seventh is Girl Reading, a very clever find by husband, in which the first chapter is about Simone Martini's Annunciation, my favourite painting in the world.
Friday, May 18
My daughter, a teacher, called & told me about the
The pulsing of his heart grew rapid and his adrenaline surmounted once again. But unlike the level attained in the weight room, it was now at a pace he could not voluntarily control. His shirt was pasted to his skin, clinging and delivering a feeling of constriction to his chest.
Also, my company had a stupendous Q4/FY 2010 earnings relase last week, which sent our stock price climbing. This is good news for those of us with stock options that have been underwater for YEARS. I'm not ready to retire, by any means, but I did cash some options in to help take the sting out of paying for our new floors.
Some of the scathing remarks about the performance on Twitter included: ‘Sorry but tulisa is talentless.’
P.S.: One more note, before I go- I am opting out of 12 in 2012 program. I also think that making a long-term commitments like that can be hard sometimes, as everything is moving forwards, sometimes in a direction far away from those resolutions, like in my case. It was a great motivator at the time and I am grateful for the energy charge it gave me then. Now, my 12 in 2012 page is gone. But I do wish good luck to all my sewing friends who are still in and getting through their lists!
Republic Act No. 215 —
When the Bellas foolishly reveled in a brief moment of relief, they also remembered that Kharma was a) at least physically able to return to the ring, and b) hungry for their blood. Poor way of foreshadowing her eventual return (which may happen tonight…fingers crossed…)…
I'm a man who has got real humour and I'm as real as whiskey and fucking beer,
Here’s the good news, Courtney got her mom’s nose. The bad news? Her sister got her dad’s…
There are people alive today simply because I do not wish to go to prison.
So you’re a huge nerd like me and you enjoy tours? Oh, you don’t? Well maybe skip this tip then. Or broaden your horizons and try on of the many lovely tours in and around New Orleans. Interested in vampires? There’s a tour for that. Plantation life? Oh yes. Carriage rides around the city? Mmm-hmm. Walking tours of the creepy-pretty aboveground cemeteries? Check. You will meet colorful people and learn interesting facts like the fact that zombie mythology originated because people would put their loved ones in crypts when they were actually just comatose, and then they would wake up and come back home after a while. They rigged bells on the crypts just so not-dead people could alert the caretakers that they were still kicking. The more you know! I’d also recommend riding the $2 streetcar around town so you can check out different neighborhoods and the gorgeous architecture. There are also great bike tours of the city that are a great way to get to know different areas – ours toured the 9th Ward, one of the neighborhoods that was hardest hit by Hurricane Katrina.
Nigel Twiston-Davies initially combined training as a permit-holder with his farming interests throughout the 1980s, having his first winner with Last Of The Foxes at Hereford in March, 1982, before the agricultural recession prompted him to make training his full-time profession. He took out a full training licence in 1989, recording his first win as a public trainer in December of that year with Babil at Newbury. He has since gone on to register more than 1,400 successes. Born on May 16, 1957, Twiston-Davies rode 17 winners as an amateur under Rules and gained a further 17 point-to-point victories, and served as assistant trainer to Richard Head and Fred Rimell. A childhood neighbour and friend of Peter Scudamore, he went into partnership with the former champion jump jockey to set up stables at Grange Hill Farm, Guiting Power, Gloucestershire, although Scudamore is no longer involved in the venture and currently assists Lucinda Russell. Twiston-Davies adopted and developed the pioneering techniques of Martin Pipe, such as interval training and regular blood tests for his string, enabling him to rapidly raise his profile among the training ranks. He is the only current trainer to have won the Grand National more than once, saddling Earth Summit to victory in 1998 and Bindaree four years later. The 2001/2002 campaign had been relatively quiet by Twiston-Davies’ high standards before Bindaree provided him with his second John Smith’s Grand National success. Afterwards he revealed that he had been intending to give up training, but despite “having a bigger debt than Argentina” after buying out Scudamore, the Aintree victory made him have a change of heart. Twiston-Davies has had 13 successes at the Cheltenham Festival, gaining three victories on the final day of the 2010 Festival, with Imperial Commander showing his best form to win the totesport Cheltenham Gold Cup, Baby Run capturing the Christie’s Foxhunter Chase under 17-year-old son Sam and Pigeon Island taking the last race, the Johnny Henderson Grand Annual Chase. This followed a double with Imperial Commander in the Ryanair Chase and Tricky Trickster in the National Hunt Chase in 2009. Imperial Commander went on to win the Grade One Betfair Chase at Haydock in November,
She walked by his apartment every day with her dog. But the boy still never noticed her. (Son of a Bitch!)
Though improving governance is a labour intensive task, the effort is worthwhile as with some effective management spend can be significantly reduced.
a. Paranaque — Moonwalk Village (everyday), SM Sucat, SM Bicutan, and Santana Grove (weekdays)
Yesterday at the bodega my super-friend who works there, George, I said, “George the weather is gorgeous!” He said, “Lady, (because I think that he thinks my name is Lady,as they always call me that,they are always so kind to me) it is supposed to rain tomorrow” I said, “No!” he shook his head sadly. “Well okay, I guess we skipped winter and so have to have it this spring” he laughed.
She’s So Cold
4) Don't take a fussy eater to Orson.
Kris, James stunned; Boy Abunda expresses support for inaanak
“You’re welcome,” She seemed slightly sheepish all of a sudden, it was unbearably cute.
Removal of mayors should also have been settled by now. In its Impact Assessment in January 2011, the Government asserted (p.9) that, if mayors were going to exercise additional powers and freedoms, the accountability regime should include a recall mechanism – to be introduced “at a later date … having considered the issue alongside proposals for recall for other public officials.”
Kinda bored now, RBF.
- The duration of the workout;
The note-taking stage… I liked taking notes for the beginning stages of the outline… I liked it because I was excited about the project. But actually taking the notes? I’ve certainly done things more fun in my life.
There are days when it does not seem there is enough hours in the day to make it all happen. This is an opportunity to reach out to one of my favorite bloggers and ask for help. Erica graciously provided one of her authentic Colombian recipes to share with you.
While the wait was a tad bit long (no reservations are taken after 6), our group of 4 was seated in the back near the kitchen.
Honey Apricot Bran Muffins
Looking for a humidifier for your home can be a very confusing and difficult process. There are so many on the market that it’s hard to decide between the many brands, types, models and features.
the news spread--like an infection!
93:1 The Supreme Being is called here and elsewhere Hansa, i.e., swan, because as the swan is supposed to transcend all winged creatures in the range of its flight, so the Supreme Being transcends all creatures in the universe. He is called That, as in the Vedic formula of Praise, “Thou art That,” meaning, “Thou art inconceivable and incapable of being described in words.”
“So one elephant having a trunk was odd; but all elephants having trunks looked like a plot.”
HE TRULY CARED,
MC: "Get a grip, Gwen. Just because you write me, doesn't mean I have to answer silly questions."
Suarez (62), Carroll (87)
So you’ve worked very closely with your client establishing the brief, interrogating it and even challenging it. All very healthy and what you do, adding value as a professional, pushing the boundaries and improving the results….all very straight forward and normal.
And sweetest in the gale is heard;
Luke 17:17 Jesus asked, “Were not all ten cleansed? Where are the other nine? (The Holy Bible, New International Version)
This process of DESKILLING has taken place in all parts of ur lives.
But, what I realized is that I wanted to do it. I realized that it feels SO good to actually be able to do something that I am finding pure joy in making beef stew for 25-30 football players!
“You didn’t know,” I whisper, a tear already hanging off my nose. Her hand settles on my forearm.
Our soul’s lesson:
¼ of Parmesan cheese, the kind you sprinkle on pizza
I’ve not spent a single day in jail, though there have been times in my life when I looked like I’d stepped out of a mugshot. However, if they served this in the New Mexico State lock-up, I might be enticed to serve a stint.
(May 10) Thirty one dolphins were found dead in the Crimean Peninsula in Southern Ukraine. The majority of the dolphins have visible wounds on their body, some of them have damaged or missing fins.
I blogged about this yesterday, and I'm going out on a limb again here today.
the next weekend off to Germany.
7 best
you know the day
That is a quick synopsis of our Sunday at the beach. Saturday was not nearly as much fun, mostly grocery shopping and house cleaning. How was your weekend?
Lately I have so come to respect spiritualities that aren't bound to specific religions. It's very freeing. But still, the moment -- the precise millisecond -- I hear the word "Jesus," something old and bitter is triggered inside me. Which is a shame, isn't it? I joke to Ross sometimes that just hearing "Jesus" pronounced the Spanish way ("hay-sus") is better. Because until I can fully separate the frustrating examples I saw way back when of "Christianity" from the relatively enlightened views of Jesus, which are a lot like Buddha's, which are a lot like modern Indian gurus', I'll still feel the knee-jerk meanness each time someone utters that name.
and a tiny case of mid life crises............
May I just say how many times I’ve done this in relationships!
The day got off to a hectic start for me because of an alarm clock malfunction.
AS SEEN ON YOUTUBE'S LOLAMARIE7!
Microsoft has dramatically improved the functionality of the Start Menu with Windows 7. By incorporating search capability, it is possible to very quickly find and launch programs and documents. Not only can you more quickly launch frequently-used programs, but it also means no more searching through a large tree of folders looking for a program you haven’t used in a year.
And this time I didn’t make the mistake from the past to hang out at the school for too long. I told ‘Timan’ that I’m leaving, he stared to sob. I gave him a kiss and told him that I will pick him up in the afternoon, he started to cry. I left, he stared to scream. I waited out of his sight and after not even 2 minutes, the crying stopped. So I went back, peeked through the window and saw him peacefully playing with a truck. But I had to swallow a couple of times. Sigh.
And it gets worse. The indigenous British have at the most 1.5 children per couple, which means the generation born today is 25% smaller than their parent’s generation. The population pyramids of most European countries are upside down, by which I mean there are more elderly people than there are young. Amongst the Muslim demographic however, the population pyramids are the right way up, with the young greatly outnumbering the old.
Now it’s over to you! Dazzle us with your creations and you may be chosen to be in the Top 3!
Thus removing the mudiness!!
Using Spellbinder's Fancy Tags Three, this card was created for
HakulinenT, Salonen T, Teppo L. Cancer in the offspring of fathers in hydrocarbon-related occupations. Br J Prev Soc Med 1976; 30: 138-140.
- Vic Stevens - drums (9, 10)
I could never have envisaged a day when a purported nationalist party, would simply bow down to leftist evil, when politically motivated spite would win the day over truth, realism and fact. It is a sad day, an awful day, a day in which I question greatly any chance now for my people, for if we have no representation, no decent party, offering a non-violent alternative to this madness then what chance we, what chance to free ourselves from the chains set upon us. I don’t really care what nu-nationalists think anymore, I don’t care what those who advocate violence or hatred think, for me it is and regardless it will continue to be above all, my people, my race the white race. Yet you never hear this from the BNP, today it is indigenous, it is coded wording, it comes across as deceitful and does I imagine, put off potential support and give a very real case to our enemies.
There is nothing like the 'energy' or Stillness of a horse, to help us remember. Anyone can be in the presence of a horse in absolute Stillness and Understand, Feel and Communicate without words. It is a way of Being in the exact present moment.
What vehicle do you drive that fits your family of 8? - Pam
Well, after that 2010 season, I was sure my good friend had come through with items 1 and 3 on my list. But I definitely didn’t get item 2 and I was still holding onto the receipt of item 4.
2. I’m swimming in the sea of life when I’d rather be on the shore sipping on a drink and watching the sunset.
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines has asked leading Dutch designer Hella Jongerius to revitalize its World Business Class cabin interior across the fleet. This will enable KLM to modernize its WBC product, uniting international allure with top Dutch design to emphasize a sense of pride in our Dutch heritage.
I've just had a chat with my husband about this, and he assures me (and wants me to assure you!) that we actually ran a pretty tight "content" ship. There were a lot of a lot of DVDs or films or TV shows that we watched after the kids were in bed. I also recall a "no" to Pulp Fiction (now a whole-family fave) and I remember turning off American Pie. But generally speaking, we never really had to play heavy-duty gatekeepers because my kids watched what they liked, but what they liked was generally pretty good.
Potassim 294.2 mg
“Reading a Stephen King” novel is not necessarily a bad thing, however. One of the aspects of King’s writing that I admire most is his ability to get into the heads of even the most loathsome characters, and one of the most surprising and interesting developments of the third book is that the reader is now offered chapters from Ushikawa’s perspective. While Tengo and Aomame are being irrationally idealistic and swooning over their memories of each other, Ushikawa adds humor, realism, and a sense of tragedy to the novel’s conclusion. As he describes himself:
But quietly, the Washington Nationals look like they are poised to compete and challenge the Marlins and reigning division champion Philadelphia Phillies.
I'm preparing my suitcase again.
phenomena and even diseases which purportedly
If we reject the story of the Fall and its implication of our inherent imperfection, if we embrace the idea of awakening, if we embrace the idea of our perfectibility, then we must embrace the open ended nature of our own story. Once again we have the benefit of knowledge and insights of which the classical thinkers were unaware, we know, even though it is very difficult to understand, that our universe is old beyond imagining, that it is vast beyond our comprehension, that countless species of life have come into being and passed into extinction on this very planet we call home, that the timescales of our human civilizations are but blinks of the eye in the history of life on this planet. We have learned these things together, we struggle to understand them, and one day we must act on this understanding to continue the creation of our story. Right now our story is but a tiny chapter in the tale of this universe. How large a part we will ultimately play is up to us, for we are powerful beyond measure.
If I ended there, it would be terribly cruel and misleading: this wonderful promise does not apply to everyone: it only applies to those who are trusting in the Lord Jesus Christ. . .in whom ALL of God's promises are yes and Amen! We have all turned away, none has done good, no not one, Scripture says. We come into this world, condemned and then continue to add to our debt against the Lord. . .a debt that can only be paid through 1) an eternity in Hell or 2) perfect obedience and we've already blown that one! The Good News is that there is one who did live a perfect life doing all that was right and refraining from all that was wrong: the Lord Jesus Christ. Not only did He live that perfect life of obedience that a holy and just God requires, He was put to death and bore the Father's wrath in place of those for whom He died. . .all of those who would place their trust in Him, all of those that would hear His voice. That He is the spotless Lamb of God, that His sacrifice was acceptable, that the sin debt of His people has been paid in full, was demonstrated by His resurrection on the third day. He has been vindicated and even now sits at the right of the Father, ruling and reigning. Will you receive the gift He offers, the gift of eternal life, the gift of freedom from the guilt and power of your sin? Turn to Jesus. He is able to save to the uttermost, and He is willing!!
(Be warned, it's not a good idea to faint when your boob is trapped in a vice. Heed my wisdom.)
Dear Boys,
Today I heard a folkloric song which was probably called “My home is the Mounta—hhhaaa—ains” (yodel)… and I remembered my childhood…
2 2/3 cups cake flour
38. Inspector Gadet-Penny, Brain, Dr. Claw and MAD Cat-”this message will self-destruct”
So I cannibalized this piece of 5/8" plywood that was my workbench for many years, and cut it to fit over the hole, and cut a slot for the output pipe. It was rough going: Dad had not sharpened it lately. It was blue smoke, and overly sensitive circuit breakers blowing every five minutes.. I minimized the bite so it wouldn’t stall and made worthless promises to it to be a better owner. It hung in there until the job was done, and I saw Ed at Ed’s Electric yesterday and he promised to give it a new cord when his order came in. And I will sharpen it, eventually. Maybe.
Finding a new orthodontist has been a very important and serious process for me. I wanted the doctor to have a personality and sense of humor similar to mine. That orthodontist needed to be bright and more knowledgeable than me in current orthodontic techniques and treatment options. I believe I found that person in Dr. Rhina Marquez, who becomes my new Associate in the next week or so.
I hear this comment once in a while. What I rarely hear is "We haven't danced in a while, is there any particular reason?" Because there is generally a reason and if you knew the reason you can make an informed decision on doing or not doing something about it.
Next weekend I will finally get some sun in the Spanish beach town of Alicante! Until then, I have Cinco de Mayo to celebrate and La Carrera de La Mujer to run on Sunday. It’s our equivalent of Race for the Cure and there are 22,000 women participating. Can’t wait!
The lesson of the day is, moderation, moderation, moderation! Unless they’re trans fats or hydrogenated then put it back on that shelf or throw it out of your pantry! Hope that helps!
Do Not Have Fear, Have Faith
Best Moment this week: Watching our little one move all over the screen at our anatomy scan! SUCH a hyper (and funny) child already!
I like to use my copics to spray onto the scraps and photocopies, to create extra texture and unify the colors. I'm a big fan of using paper punches to create the border pieces, this way they're uniform in shape and size.
Cardinal travelled to meet the teen and had sex with him while the parents were out of town.
LABELING. The Minneapolis Star-Tribune ran an article about labeling kids, something all parents and educators of 2e kids have to grapple with. The main point of the article was: don't use a label as the child's defining characteristic. Read more.
room for someone else?
Bottom right: Today’s new realities: get the facts. The actual news.
Serve hot!
seriously about serious things
As of 10:50 this morning, I finished my undergraduate education. As soon as my professor dismissed us with a thank you, a grin erupted on my face. I ran to her to give her a hug and it all sunk in. I met her during my first semester of college in a class called Trauma and Memory in the Literary imagination and four years later, I have conquered yet another of her fancy-titled English classes called The Art of Flirtation in Romance Novels. Saying goodbye to one of my first teachers at Brandeis, I felt triumphant, like I’d come full circle, but also a little lost at the same time. Honestly, it’s a surreal feeling.
laughing her mischievous laugh.
3) I love that the main character, Kvothe, is so talented and yet so imperfect. He's not proud of his mistakes, but he's also not afraid to admit to them, and he shows them to the reader in the most humorous (or sometimes the most touching) ways.
With all due respect, prisoner 50987 - sorry, I mean Lord Ahmed - might that be because people such as yourself are specifically employed to keep such allegiances alive? I mean, after all, expecting loyalty and assimilation from these immigrants and their descendants might be racist or something.
This is why you’re struggling with love and why continuing to search for love without clearing out these blocks is pretty much a waste of your time and energy. You’re fighting with yourself. This is why you feel conflicted about love and relationships. Essentially, you’re trying to attract love and create a relationship from other people’s ideas, beliefs, judgments, conclusions, agendas, agreements, and fantasies—all of which you’ve unconsciously adopted as your own.
“I have the party’s report card ready,” he said of the various people-oriented programmes implemented by the party since he took over the helm about two years ago.
Collapse of Apparatus of State
Not that I blame them entirely for their strange attitude. Sometimes admirers can be really rude and unforgiving and crazy but generally they are supportive and understanding. I also realize that they are so hard pressed for time that taking time out for responding to each and every email/letter could become hugely challenging (by the way, how many such personalities would be there in this world?!). I also buy the argument that they are humans too and thus need personal space in their ever-crowded environment in which every person is out there hungry for a piece of him/her! In many instances, their own insecurities and personal troubles could be so overwhelming that they live cocooned and seldom bother to look around and savor the privileges bestowed upon them by virtue of being successful/known in their chosen field! Nevertheless, what I also understand from all this is that they clearly fail to understand the favorite-fan relationship.
Creation must be in the genes....... I have been looking through my pictures on my camera and deleting some for essential space you know how it is, new year clean everything lol. Look at what I found this little gem in amongst all the junk and countless photos of fingers (I think Josh had been playing with my SD card in his camera lol) I had forgotten to post about this as it was a sore subject of homework at the time. This is Joshua's World War II project,his prized anderson shelter and garden (yes that is a bit of conifer for his tree.He raided some of his dads bits from his modelling collection and tore up a piece of card to get the corrigated sheets he even made little sleeping bags to go inside as the beds we're too big.
In Italy, repeated accusations of serial corruption and extravaganzas with minors could not dislodge Silvio Berlusconi from office. But when the debt contagion struck Italy late last year, he was out the door within weeks.
ESDC spokeswoman Jessica Copen explained: "When a development site is assembled by eminent domain, it is typical for the condemning authority to run any properties already owned by the developer through a 'friendly' condemnation, so as to clear any title defects that may have accumulated over the years."
here's some gals with their harem pants on ...
I write and speak in hopes
Have a lovely weekend, wonderful friends!
But my fence intrigues me. It is bare and stark and tall. I’ve been thinking about grape vines along it. That is a lot of grape vines.
What I appreciate about Lawhead's writing (at least this one book) is there is a wholesome quality about it. This is medieval fantasy, swords and knights (or soon to be knights I presume), druids and bards. But there is a great deal of dialog about God and Christ.
Today the generation has changed and I can see that in few years time the world is going to be a Online Interactive Common platform, where everyone will fulfill their needs and wants. I believe that, Facebook is going to be a platform where everyone would be logged in and do their buying and selling while interacting with the others. There are many more, and I will cover it up in article where I will explain why you should have a sound knowledge about the Social Media Experiences!
-Mastery, mystery, and meditation-awakening to your true nature.
I would like to Thank IndusLadies, Ritu ( my friend, mentor and organizer of the contest), all those wonderful friends who voted for me, my kids and their friends who did major chunk of networking for me, Indiblogger and other communities,My firends ,communities on social networking sites like like Facebook, Orkut which supported me all through and most of all My Mother without whose love and unconditional support this would not have been possible.
Again, concerning Judas we read in Acts 1:16 and Acts 1:25 these statements, “Men and brethren, this Scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus, that he may take part of this ministry and apos­tleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might GO TO HIS OWN PLACE (hmmm, what does that phrase mean? But that’s a separate message))”
It may seem strange to talk about bureaucracy in a terror organization, but without it the organization can deviate from its original ideology and become just another criminal organization. FARC, as an example, started out as a Marxist/Communist terror group in Colombia and is one of the oldest terror organizations around. In the 1980's it started picking up the Enforcer role for some of the drug cartels to ensure supply via terrorism applied to local communities, and when the cartels started to crumble FARC picked up on narco-terrorism as its main methodology. Unfortunately that is no longer even close to being in the Marxist/Communist realm and FARC graduated from ideologically based terrorism to become a narco-terrorist organization which was also capitalist in its means. FARC stopped being about anything, save for money and power. The secretive Shining Path, on the other hand, continues its smoldering and pretty useless terror campaign by remaining ideologically pure. The various Red organizations of the 1970's that dabbled in terror started out from a few, central terror organizations, but then had internal ideological disputes so that Red factions and Red groups and militant interior designers all started to show up on the terror landscape. Hezbollah remains largely an arm of the Iranian regime, but now has large external support bases so that it can work in ways that can often be at cross-purposes to Iran. The PLO factionated when it sought to become semi-legitimate and some of its virulent off-shoots went out on their own and some allied with HAMAS, the military wing of the Muslim Brotherhood. The Muslim Brotherhood solves this, to a degree, by spinning off new terror organization (Tunisia, Algeria, HAMAS, al Qaeda) but finds that some of these don't really work to the overall benefit of the MB. They give up control and get negative feedback.
This was the last Zartan figure released in the new sculpt era and I think maybe the best Zartan that had been released up to that time. The original figure was great but it lacked the personality of which Zartan had so much of. When the figure was first being designed I’m sure the sculptors had no idea that Zartan would become one of the most memorable characters on the show and given a back story in the comic books so important to the whole mythos of Joe. He killed the Snake-Eyes and Storm Shadow’s sensei don’t you know resulting in all kinds of ninja hijinks. So the original figure looks rather forlorn and lacking the charisma he had shown in other media. This figure was released in comic 3 pack along with Cobra Commander and a fugly Zarana in 2005. The comic packs were intended to give us comic book and cartoon accurate versions of iconic Joe characters. The figures were usually colored much brighter to emulate that animated look. So they took the original body of Zartan which already worked so well and brightened it up. Then they sculpted a great new head and plopped it on top. Then they threw in some cool new weapons like a bow, quiver and individual arrows and the result was one kickass Zartan figure. This face shows the whites of his eyes and has a sneer fitting of the sly master-of-disguise. Good stuff. 7 out of 10.
~Have fun and enjoy- we deserve it!
It is not social work, by itself, that will be feeding the world’s hungry people or responding to the world’s mental health needs. It is social workers — plus psychologists, plus farmers, plus a host of others — who will be achieving such goals. Farmers are better at growing food; MBAs are better at finance. That is, some aspects of those kinds of pursuits will be better performed by people who are not social workers. A definition of social work that is not only realistic but also appropriate will have to take account of the roles that various kinds of participants can and should play.
* Korean fried chicken: fried chicken pieces flavored with Korean ganjang sauce with garlic.
Will Levack or Wideman return to the mainstream channel of publishing? Yes. And I believe it will be at the first opportunity they get. While the sun shines on self-publishing methods at the moment, and it provides an option for the disenfranchised traditionally published author at the moment, much will be revealed about the alternative methods to publishing when Stephen King, James Patterson, JK Rowling et all decide themselves to give the cold shoulder to the establishment and decide that their brand is stronger than the logistical power of the publisher. That in itself is an extraordinary challenge, but the glitteringly successful are perhaps the best placed to take advantage of what self-publishing has to offer. Of course, they may not have the necessary will or inclination, but they have the brand and the means to do so.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha!!
It was actually Papi who kept saying, "Look at the directions! We have to follow the directions!!"
For these reasons he put Titus Labienus as a staff-officer in charge of the defense work which he had made; he himself hurried into Italy by making fast marches and enrolled two legions there and three, which were wintering around Aquileia, he lead out from their winter quarters and he hurried to go with these five legions where the journey was closest to further Gaul through the Alps. Here the Ceutrones and the Graioceli and the Caturiges, having seized the higher ground, tried to keep the army from its march.
This same thing goes for debt slavery peonage and a bunch of other systems. The book sort of works in this way from pre civil war up until the author concludes slavery actually ended around 1943 or so.
My favorite part about all of these cards, you can also put a small picture on the back with some words. I think announcing Baby Berry's arrival and a Peaceful New Year all in one package would be a pretty great message.
RADIO AND TELEVISON
My life in many ways has had a lot of blessings among the pitfalls but it seems as if they stand out more. I do not know what joy feels like. I have moments, seconds of feeling good but they are overshadowed by aeons of sadness.
Mary may not have had everything in order, but there was one thing she
Overall Credibility: 6 (It's sci-fi and horror blended. By setting it in the 25th century Todd effectively allows himself to use any classic space tool he needs, including cryostasis, and nanites)
I do not often go to Quezon City, so I told Pia I wanted to eat dinner in a place that can’t be found in Manila or Makati (the places I frequent). The Fleur de Lys Patisserie may be one of the many restaurants along Tomas Morato Avenue but it can not be found anywhere else.
Images: Morning Soft
Nov. 14: Hammerstein Ballroom, NY, NY
For I'll be there,
Ended up with my eldest daughter, her partner and other grandson with us, so fun and games keeping an eye on both grandsons, managed to get some photos though!
This is a substantial amount of money. At the Policing Board Sinn Fein have already asked for sight of the Surveillance Commissioners’ report — an annual audit into the use of informants by each force — which has been refused.
A Unbalanced
Your credibility, integrity and authenticity represent the foundation upon which you are able to build relationships in today’s business world.
As an educator, if you want to practice with the NEW GED assessment for the 2014 updated GED, don’t forget to check out GED’s new assessment materials.
There’s a thrift store called Avalon Exchange in my city with two neighborhood locations. Basically, it’s like your Goodwill and Salvation Army, but it’s specifically aimed at a younger crowd (AKA people like me) with the type of clothing they promote. The clothing options are usually better than the various Plato’s Closets we have here (another ‘younger aged thrift store’), so it’s pretty nice be able to find a pair of jeans in great condition for $12!! I’ve been reading many other blogs on here about how other ladies (and gentlemen, I suppose haha) work with what they have, shop below their means and use creative ways to make something old into something new. While I do like to clean out my closet every couple of months, I have been trying pretty hard to see what sort of combinations I can make first.
Thinking I had solved the problem, I sat down and went back to work. It wasn’t too long and sure enough—another ant bite! “What is going on?” I thought. I got down on my hands and knees and looked for ants. Nothing in sight. “Just a fluke”, I thought…and went back to work. A few seconds later—you guessed it, I got bit again.
I wish I’ve started writing since back then. I didn’t. And so I started writing now. And I’m very grateful for the opportunity to start NOW.
pic: signed Final Conflict CD insert - band shot. Thanks to the lads for the scribblings!
Why Yes! Don’t mind if I do!
The only thing this dress doesn´t have in common with a shark is a fin on the back. The streamlined shape, the lightblue greyish color and the cutouts on the side of the body that look like gills make me feel so sharkish. I´m so happy that the weather is finally alloweing me to wear it, I´ve been in love with it ever since the COS lookbook was out.
It’s tough to change, but I gotta, and frankly you could, too.
It is very imperative as single mothers, wait let me explain what a Single parent is in case people do not understand the totality or rationale of what being a Single Parent may be. I personally feel that there are 4 versions of Single Parenthood!
Like that narrows it down. Turns out it was a guy that I had dated a few years ago. His ex came back on the scene, and he decided that he needed to see if they could make things work. It crushed me for a bit, but I healed and moved on. And deleted him from my phone. Well, apparently he is no longer with the ex, and now wants me to give him another chance. I am so torn. I was crazy about this guy, and while we were together, he treated me wonderful. And my family loved him, and he liked them as well. And he's a MAN. Plays semi-pro football, owns his own house, owns his own business. Loves animals. Is smoking hot. Knows how to show affection without being a pussy about it. So I don't know what to do. I guess I'm just going to play it by ear.
Anyway things seem to be getting back to normal around here, I only wish the day had more hours to grab the camera, upload, share, blog, craft, love, laugh and capture more glimpses of our little bugs as they grow ever bigger changing every second...maybe tomorrow. Maybe.
strip him of his friends, keep him on his toes,
I love to dress up and try to look more feminine, but at the same time, I must admit that I love T-shirt and boyish style as well. I find these shirts very comfortable and practical for moms with young kids like me, but they are still cute, fun and somewhat feminine.
Data as a service, or DaaS, is a cousin of software as a service. Like all members of the “as a Service” (aaS) family, DaaS is based on the
By any measure and international standards, these problems are credible and cannot be dismissed. Many of these problems have been around for a long time; the EC’s independence was lost in 1962, for example.
And when my husband ate the cake, he said, the angel flakes seem to have spoiled the cake, if not it will be very nice. My kids don’t like the coconut too. But I find it ok. I just wanted the cake to look as much as how Dorie made it look like visually. Next time I won’t cover the cake with angels flakes, if I were to make it again.
Flacco took it one step further Tuesday, telling WNST 1570 in Baltimore on Tuesday that he believes he’s the “best” quarterback in the NFL.
“The Wave...of American Flavors at Disney's Contemporary Resort is a casual restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner offering American-style cooking blended with world flavors, healthful fresh menu selections and trendy cocktails.”
While wolves would remain fully protected within Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks, elsewhere in Wyoming they would be subject to shooting, trapping and snaring, including 83 percent of the state where they will be considered “predators” and there will be no limits on their killing. The remaining portion of the state would be considered a “trophy game management area,” where killing wolves would be permitted, with the goal of reducing the population from approximately 29 packs to around 10.
Be that as it may, relativism regards the possibility of an independent knowable ‘reality’ (and, by approximation, truth) as very slim, to put it mildly. To summarize; the integrity of that which cannot be captured by our senses and expressed in language is questioned by relativism. Now, a Wittgenstein fan might immediately raise the legitimate question and ask what the ‘integrity’ of the signified ‘integrity’ (i.e. the abstract concept thereof) is. Easy; poke yourself in the eye. The signifier “Ouch” has nothing to do with the signified ‘integrity’, but if you poke yourself in the same eye again, you’ll definitely come to the conclusion that there is something abstract like ‘integrity’ – in this case, the integrity of physical pain. The same could be said for all other abstract concepts that have, unfortunately, been forced to placate the fuzzy whims of experience and Wittgenstein’s signifiers. Another example, it’s fashionable to say there is no love, only proof of love. That this is ridiculous is painfully evident when the absence of love reminds your loneliness – as one who has never experienced love before - of its existence. And no amount of seeing (experiencing) others having fun, or reading romantic novels (i.e. abstract love ‘captured’ in language) can ever fill that void, which can only be filled when the ‘independent’ reality of love comes knocking on your door. To summarize; the innate integrity of the signified, with its independence anchored in independent reality, will never be compromised by the relativism perennially engendered by experience and the language we use to describe it.
This year Merritt seems better than ever. Though he has yet to run under 44.50, he consistently cruises 44.5's as if he is out on training runs. Wariner on the other hand hasn't been seen since June, and his earlier runs while efficient, have lacked his flow of previous seasons. With Wariner being "quiet" during the European season there is an air of mystery to their impending showdown in Berlin. What's he been working on? Will he have a new "twist" to his race / race pattern in Berlin? His coach, Clyde Hart, is the man that crafted WR holder Michael Johnson's stellar career after all - and until their split last year, Hart had Wariner on the same path. But Hart and Johnson never had to face a challenge the likes of Merritt - a real sprinter running the 400 - because Johnson was always the real sprinter in the race! And it was his ability to run with controlled speed that made him superior to his opponents.
All of the old favourites are still there including a collection of original arcade cabinets and cocktail tables. Titles include four-player Gauntlet, Pac-Man, Asteroids, Space Invaders, Galaxian, Donkey Kong, Street Fighter II and Point Blank.
In the famous Faneuil Hall in the heart of the city’s historic district, Mr Higgins will deliver an address on the Famine and be conferred with honorary membership of the Charitable Irish Society of Boston.
Edited by Hans Henrik Lidgard.
Can you rein me in
Meyer spent the 1980s working on various autobiographies, both in film The Breast of Russ Meyer, a proposed bio-pic/ documentary based on his WWII experiences and in print, his three volume, 1,213 page magnum opus A Clean Breast. Click here to order.
About the same time Dr. Bender was conducting her electroshock experiments, she was also widely experimenting on autistic and schizophrenic children with what she termed other “treatment endeavors.” These included use of a wide array of psycho-pharmaceutical agents, several provided to her by the Sandoz Chemical Co. in Basel, Switzerland, as well as Metrazol, sub-shock insulin therapy, amphetamines and anticonvulsants. Metrazol was a trade name for pentylenetetrazol, a drug used as a circulatory and respiratory stimulant. High doses cause convulsions, as discovered in 1934 by the Hungarian-American neurologist and psychiatrist Ladislas J. Meduna.
Again, I used Ippity's House a Home set. These are pretty simple, just a bit of coloring and ribbon. This card uses the PTI Simply Chartreuse saddle stitched ribbon and Pacific Point cardstock.
Jackie!!! How'd I do with the "deets"?
Young also appears to have been a pro when it came to fundraising, a tradition carried on by his successor, Leo Lambert, who developed a plan for Elon’s future even more ambitious than Young’s. A list of all the buildings and programs added at the school in just the last 10 years (and it’s a long list) can be found in this article about Lambert: Link
Hayley held Laura’s gaze for as long as she could, but eventually she had to look away. What had she done? She couldn’t determine if it was the act of giving up her child, or the sudden re-claiming of her that had ruined their sisterly relationship. Either way, Hayley knew that it wouldn’t be repaired with words.
You know what these font groups are like. They start off campaigning against the use of Times New Roman, the next thing you know they want a ban on Comic Sans.
Allison comes to the realization that angels exist and are living in her city. She’s shocked when she finds out that not just angels but demons as well reside in New York. She also learns that due to her probing into Tommy’s death she has caused a shift, a lessening of power to both demons and angels, and now the demons want her dead.
Tue-AM: 1:31, 3000' ~ 2nd Flatiron+Green Mt.
Cesaria Evora died today at age 70. Below is the story of when we met her on the island of Sao Vicente, off West Africa's coast (from an old blog post):
An important consideration in this regard is the metal prices are not shaped only by developments in the U.S. There are global forces at work too.
Now granted, you are kind of doing me a favor by letting me hang out with you this summer. By spending 6 hours with you in June and 9 hours with you in July, I'll complete a whole semester's worth of classes in less than two months! And I will say...having you around helps the professors relax a little bit.
Now onto this challenge!
What a perfect combination that is then, for reclusive introverts that seek the most powerful symbol with which to adorn their ordinary, middle-class existences, yet do not have it in us to go through the fullest hardship to achieve it. For one to love death they must be alive. Heavy Metal is a music fundamentally based on this attraction to death. No sub-genre captures the drama (and melodrama) of this than doom/death. The most embarrassing type of metal, how I love it. Well, some of it!
The families of former premiers Mahathir Mohamad and Abdullah Badawi are both involved in the sector through Kencana and Scomi respectively. Is it now the turn of the Najibs to eye a slice of the Petronas pie?
the alarm clock
At the time of when Harvey had made the claims, Cheryl hit back directly at him on Twitter saying: “Was this “relationship” happening in your head @harveyofficial?! Are you smoking something?..
15. Breadwinner
Installing Ikea cabinets is probably a bit easier then buying them :oP. They even come with a handy DVD showing a family with a small child, baby and dog assembling/installing them together as some sort of strange rainy day activity.
Rafael Gil: We are planning to have events twice a week. This Thursday, November 3rd we are going to be waving signs from 5 – 6 pm at the Virginia Beach Boulevard and Independence Boulevard intersection. At 6pm we will have a general assembly. On Sunday, November 6th we will have our first march after the general assembly at noon.
AGHHHHHH BLOG SPOT HAVE MESSED UP THIS WHOLE BLOG EXPERIENCE WITH THERE NEW LOOK.
I was so sad to hear of the passing of Jan Berenstain. She and her husband Stan created over 300 books in the "Berenstain Bears" series. These warm family stories used humor to soften the message of the teachable moments they contained. The husband/wife team worked together on this series for 50 years. Now their sons are continuing their work.
Alfred Toepfer was born near Luneburg Heath, a plain full of meadows, forests, peat bogs, and sand dunes in northern Germany, just southeast of Hamburg. Historically, the Luneberg Heath was a place of nationalistic pride where rugged old style farming practices harmonized with the natural surroundings. Throughout the first half of the 20th century, the Luneburg Heath was symbolic of a strong German character patriotically rooted in the soil of the homeland. Indeed, after Heinrich Himmler committed suicide, he was buried in the Luneburg Heath in an unmarked grave.
We fast forward fifteen years, and Peppino (Luigi Lo Cascio) is now a young political activist in his small town's Communist Party branch. More and more, he sets his sights on the local mafia leaders, publishing manifestos and organizing demonstrations - even as the older Tidona warns him against stirring the hornet's nest (which Peppino ends up comically calling "Mafiopolis"). The film does a great job in capturing the perfect storm which propels Peppino into his now-legendary position as icon: youthful rebellion, especially against his father (a low-level mafia man), is fueled by 1960s leftist idealism (student protests everywhere!) and channelled into that most righteous of Sicilian political causes: anti-mafia work. Peppino is like any other angry young man, and it's the tragedy (or glory?) of his circumstances (as well as his wild courage) which lead him to eventual immortality. Using a local ham radio station, he gains notoriety and becomes a hero for the small town Sicilian fighting against the Goliath.
…faith will give you an adventurous spirit to go in a mission for him. Locally, internationally, personally…
Piney and sweet smelling, orange-amber in color. Has a distinctly sweet and piney taste, too, but not noticeably citrus. The 7.2% abv isn’t out front as you might expect it to be and this beer might be the sort of beer that sneaks up on you…like a, well, like a torpedo.
someone who knows what a hard life is and has risen out of it
which causes left butt cheek pain.
That heaven’s vault should crack.”
“We believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, and of all things visible and invisible. And in one Lord Jesus Christ, the only-begotten Son of God, begotten of the Father before all worlds.”
No one spoke — the icy north wind cut short our breath; but the voice of the chimes filled the silence.
As a friend told me recently, "Leap of faith, girl. Leap of faith."
quote lines from movies in casual conversation
“Propane tanks in the back of the car is always the first investigative clue that you have a bomb on your hands,” Walsh joked with an audience of securities experts at the Fordham-FBI International Conference on Cyber Security. “And red gas cans? Another very bad sign . . . “
Thursday…the day before the beginning of the weekend. Thursdays are toughest day of the week for me. Not really, every day is tough. Every day without her, every day thinking of her wanting to be with me, but not able to make her wishes a reality…yet.
I missed DTF, but caught Bad Music, who were actually pretty good. Probably around 15 or so, but already sporting Crass patches and devil locks, i seriously wonder what it would be like to grow up in Portland, Or. with the entire recorded output of civilization at yr finger-tips. This band was grasping at every cultural signifier they could sew to their clothing, a raggedy anne patchwork collage of hardcore anarchist punk rock history: MDC, Crass, DOA. They had a small but enthusiastic pit going, a little too self-conscious about running into people, but i chalk this up to living in a room where random assault rifle shoot-outs and firebombings is the norm. I tried to set aside my condescension, and focus on the music, cuz i don't care what age you are, if you are going to ally with the anarchist punks, pick up guitars and play a show, it is my job to tell it like it is. I'm glad to say that these guys play their instruments pretty well; a muscular sludgy guitar sound, drums kicking acceptably hard. In short, they ROCKED, to the best of their ability. I was almost shocked when they played one of the better versions of Sonic Reducer, originally by Rocket from the Tombs, made popular by the Dead Boys. These guys want to be Young, Loud, and Snotty; my advice, forget there's anybody in the room, pretend yr practicing. And play LOTS AND LOTS of shows.
Jacques Cousteau was standing there next to me, his elbows resting on the rail.
Dietary Fiber = 4 g (16% of daily recommended value)
There are a number of sour Belgian styles, and one could easily complain that parsing the difference between a lambic, Flemish Red, and Flanders Brown is--as far as the tongue's concerned, anyway--a pointless game of semantics. In one sense this is true, but you could complain that the difference between pale, amber, and brown English-style ales is really a matter of art, not science--but who in Beervana would sign on to such a crude view?
Use liver of sulfur to highlight the lettering. Paint the prepared liver of sulfur into the stamped letters. Use high grit sandpaper to remove the excess liver of sulfur.
Fence - Magnolia Doo Hickey Die
I woke up this morning, (as I am wont to do), and stumbled downstairs with my laptop and two books: the one I was reading and the one I planned to read after I finished the one I was reading.
“So what does all that have to do with your metaphysic?” responded MV.
Ahhhh, I was so happy. The doctor ended the ultrasound by saying, “Well, everything looks great. Now all you have to do is wait a little bit and then go into labor!” It was a great ultrasound. Very uneventful, just as I was hoping. After that I had an appointment with the midwives and got one that I really like. I left feeling excited and confident that this can really happen.
I think this highlights a couple of standard liberal beliefs about education and actions; the first being that all beliefs are somehow equal and worthy of similar respect, and the second is that every action is a reaction. We're all victims, just in different ways.
Description of the internship, job duties: The position entails developing weekly social media postings, help generating articles/PR for company, writing client newsletter articles, project management, research, and compiling information. 20% of the role includes supporting Principal in office tasks such as ordering materials, managing mail, and filing.
This is the AHS Ayinger Oktoberfest clone recipe. I'd been drinking a few of these for "inspiration" when I brewed the Scotch Ale. I loved the taste so much, I have to see if I can come close. Then I'll have 5 gallons of this oh-so-yummy beverage.
This will be of interest only to readers in the United States. Those of you from other countries probably don't have to worry about this kind of administrative b*llshit.
This is what the world needs. Less rigid grantmaking instutitions thinking about their own impact and working on a 3 year cycle, and more flexible, listening, helper organizations who are able to aid others immediately when the need is obvious.
And something from Outside wants In.
i wish these bowman platinum cards looked this way in person, but they just scan all pretty and blue.
"Excuse me, may I ask what are you studying?"
Always email only people you recognize. Mailing recipients whom are unfamiliar with you and your product finds like spam. They’re going to wonder should they know you together with if they value the pain you are offering. This may make them just toss your email, which just wasted your time and energy.
8 days later and still no explanation from Orange as to why my broadband has slowed down to under 135kbps.
Thank you Craig’s List for putting me in contact with my Table Maker Man!
Remove the pandan leaf, serve hot or chilled.
However, I can write:
In your comment, answer this question for Sherri:
I’m really bad at trying to cope with interruptions in my regular routine so I’m not really a happy bunny. It’s all just very tiresome.
Thrash Metal will not be part of Jester King's regular lineup but an occasional release, "when the mood happens to strike us."
I'll add that the hair on the head of that panicked stewardess Maida should be "smooth and shining like black satin." Such is its sheen that Tweed can't help but notice as he attends to the dying senator.
Michael Harrison, a rich and successful property developer, is on his stag night with four of his best friends. As a prank, and to pay Michael back for the pranks which he played on some of them on their stag nights, they bury him in a coffin in the woods, with the intention of coming back for him a couple of hours later. However, his friends are then killed in a horrific traffic accident (this all happens in the first few pages). The walkie talkie which the friends left with Michael is found by a young lad who does not apparently have the capabilities to help, and nobody else apparently knows where Michael is. The day after the stag night, with Michael still missing, his distraught fiancee Ashley Harper contacts the Police and the case falls into the hands of Detective Superintendent Roy Grace, a man still battling his own demons after the unsolved disappearance of his wife eight years earlier.
3:56pm. After bouncing through the small town’s roads which were little more than dust paths, we missed the train by seconds. We watched it’s caboose wiggle down the line as we arrived to the rail tracks. Like a shipwreck survivor, I felt if only we would have had a flare the outcome would have been different. The contact on the train had asked the conductor to wait five minutes at the platform. The conductor became impatient at three, then steamed up the engine at four. We arrived exactly at the promised five.
What ever happened to having a mind of Christ? Whatever happened to striving to be imitators of God? (Eph5:1) What happened to placing our hope fully in Christ and following after Him?
“One of our favourite tracks, ‘Distress’, came on. It’s a rousing emotive mass sung in Latin and as we played it, his EEG machine, which measures electrical activity in the brain, went mad.
In fact, if you need me....
Sighvatsson has acquired a solid reputation in the movie industry. With more than 40 feature-film credits under his belt, Sighvatsson has worked closely with a wide range of talent, both in front of and behind the camera. The trademarks of his projects are the pairing of visionary directors—such as David Lynch, Kathryn Bigelow, Nicolas Winding Refn and Julian Schnabel—with strong material. This has led to a body of work that is rich and diverse.
I forgot my hands, my skin, myself
When the sign first went missing I felt rage, then disappointment, and now sadness. These are sure signs I am grieving the loss of the sign, and all it stands for. I am very aware that I read this loss as pointing to larger losses, both personal and social. As I age, the damage done by the Polio virus becomes more apparent. There is also loose in the world a daemon that urges war on the hard earned victories of many groups: women, children, minorities, persons who are disabled, and Mother Earth, among others. As Lacan articulated so well, absence points to both that which was once present, and to the often obscured presence of power.
by Eli Friedberg
You complain that Obama doesn’t understand the military, but National Guard veteran George W. Bush ignored the advice and wise counsel of the military and led us into a blunder in Iraq. Military experience is no substitute for genuine curiosity, scholarship and wisdom.
Tom: I can also imagine like have my own cigarettes. I love to smoke, I love to drink. So alcohol and cigarettes!
I fought the fatigue today.. going to do it again tomorrow. but who knows how long I can before i have to give in and sleep when the crushing fatigue demands it..
So, Canada or Ireland, which will you choose?
I assume that my weight started to increase as I quit sports and the nickname took on another role. Hurtful? Yes, when I was younger. I’ve always had a poor body concept so when someone draws attention to my body in a negative or positive way, it makes me super duper uncomfortable.
52. We started dying before the snow, and like the snow, we continued to fall. —Louise Erdrich, Tracks (1988)
Your favorite holiday treat that you make or one that you receive. Why is it your favorite?
Banaian is running on a Republican ticket this fall.
I’m happy to give a little tip, though, one which helps me to write more visually.
So, as many Australians do these days, I have replaced this less-than appealing ingredient with the velvety lusciousness of white chocolate.
No state needed.
Ex-members of the special constabulary and auxiliary police as well as widows and widowers meanwhile received RM3,000.
Jokela, Finland – November 7, 2007: 18-year-old Finnish gunman Pekka-Eric Auvinen had been taking antidepressants before he killed eight people and wounded a dozen more at Jokela High School in southern Finland, then committed suicide.
When a madman begins committing horrific murders inspired by Edgar Allan Poe’s works, a young Baltimore detective joins forces with Poe to stop him from making his stories a reality.
For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ:
And naked shingles of the world.
Anyway, where was I, yeah, sitting on the lounge waiting, when up jumps this cute little terrier, presents his tummy and expects instant scratching. Now I’m familiar with this routine as my friend Rose’s puppies are also the occasional beneficiary of my tummy scratching expertise.
It has to the the most beautifully decorated country, both naturally and man made.
In the Belly of the Brazen Bull is The Cribs' fifth studio album, with a release date of 15 May 2012. The Cribs announced the album title and track-listing on 14 February 2012, along with several UK and North American tour dates in support of it. The album was recorded at Tarbox Road in New York with Dave Fridmann, London’s Abbey Road, and Chicago's Electrical Audio with Steve Albini. Fridmann also handled the final mix
The book is a satire on the inter-community marriages in Indian social culture. Although being original and a new theme in printed version, it reminds us of some Bollywood movie in which actor and actress who are from different communities love each other and their relationship is against the will of their parents, but still at the end they marry each other.
So, I am going to do something new to get myself interested in blogging everyday. I need a plan, or I won"t do anything.
Pull ups – 10 x 3 sets
I went for my second jet skiing in Langkawi on this trip, went faster than the previous time because had a lighter passenger with me. :p
Says producer Charles Roven, "We didn't want to recreate it but to contemporize it--to make it work for our time with a modern perspective and action sequences that aren't only there to punctuate the laughs but are worthy of any thriller. We wanted to bring this world of super-spies into a new era with the scale and scope it truly deserves on the big screen."
Published in the February 2012 issue
Torchwood, having been destroyed and disbanded, is "like a legend now ... it's like something that's ceased to exist and is now spoken of only in whispers." Soon, Rex and Ester are on the run and are seeking out the help of Captain Jack and Gwen.
-“Repent and come to Jesus and we will embrace you. Continue live in sin, and you are out of here!”
it hurt!
his wild and crazy hair....typically full of snarls
027.028 YUSUFALI: "Go thou, with this letter of mine, and deliver it to them: then draw back from them, and (wait to) see what answer they return"...
Curry leaf - 1 spring
I highly recommend that if you are not familiar with this little green gem, then become familiar with it soon! Anyway, I used to eat scrambled eggs and two pieces of turkey bacon and a little fruit--an apple or some frozen mango. Recently, I have discovered I can't eat scrambled eggs. For some reason, it makes me totally ill all day long. But what's really weird is I can eat eggs in about any other form--fried, in a casserole, boiled, deviled, and in baked goods (thank, God)!
The square broke into deafening applause. Dust rose in the air as kids stomped on the ground in jubilation. Women ululated. Nibras's wife emerged through the cloud of dust and joined her husband and Mr. Think in the epicenter of the celebration, a huge grin of relief on her face.
The truck came on Tuesday morning! Dane, Kegan, Quinlan and my Dad spent the next several hours stacking, cramming, balancing, re-stacking, and finally shutting the door on all our earthly possessions! Whew!! What a day!
YLMTJ Blog (ylmtjblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Italian stores and restaurants run on a very different set of hours than those in America. Many places close in the middle of the day for siesta, they then reopen later in the afternoon but depending on the days (tourist crowds) a lot of the restaurants close early. This means that by the time we are used to doing things everything is already closed. I think it will just take some time to get used to the way things work here. In the end we eventually did manage to find a nice restaurant which was open and not too expensive. Speaking of restaurants, that brings up another important note about eating in Italy, the bill (il conto)… As far as I can tell so far Italians don’t really believe in splitting a bill. They also don’t give you free water and often charge a seating fee (sort of an included tip). This means that bills can get quite complicated, especially when you have got a group of 13 americans who all want to pay for just what they got. If you happen to know an accounting major I would recommend bringing them along on your next trip to Italy, it will save you a lot of work…..
The Maven - alias award-winning author and book enthusiast Mary Hoffman - reviews two good reads for juniors. The first book is Inbale Iserle's new title in what seems to be growing into a stunning series, THE TIGRINE CAT ON THE RUN. Then, to my delight, the second novel that Mary likes was my book, A BOY CALLED MOUSE. I'm so happy!
The voices in my head tell me that you are moving on,
2. Fort Greene and Clinton Hill
The Liebster Blog award is given to bring new blogs to light. It is a great way to share blogs that might not otherwise be seen or ones you want to share with others.
This appears to be the same story that appeared on a 2010 episode of River Monsters on the Animal Planet channel involving one Silvio Barbosa. Barbosa - presumably Mr FBC - and Dr Samad appeared on the show (you can see an extract here - sadly, Animal Planet has restricted me embedding the video on this blog). Incidentally, you'll sometimes find the following two pictures accompanying the Barbosa story on some websites. They are actually screengrabs from an episode of the US medical drama Grays Anatomy.
The calendar has events scheduled throughout April- evenings, weekends, and the ongoing high demands of our jobs and school- and well into May.
Nurse Duckett: “I don’t know.”
She looked inland across the sand, saw movement near some eucalyptus trees, but decided that the wind must have caused it.
But Parisian school kids? They eat like kings every day. Just take a look at the 'menu' (yes, they have a 'menu') posted outside the little school down the street from our apartment.
important period for me, I just wanted to do something that meant
The nose was lifted and floral with ripe sweet blackberry notes, damp earth, liquorice spice and violets.
I also devoted a post The Needle on the Broken Record – why UK Law Firms should go to US Legal Conferences to the broader subject of the reasons why law firms should be ready to face threats from other players.
“In the 1940′s our parents went through World War 2 and the horrors and deprivations it brought. Genocide, displaced populations(if you’re a European reader), military service and the potential of death or disability, food and gas rationing, and the reduction of access to consumer goods. Yet we are told not to accept the tiny actuarial risk of traveling in a small car or allowing our child to walk to school by himself.
I do snails. Or at least the kids do, gathering 'families' of 'Garys', making homes for them in the backyard on Thanksgiving. Well, until Caden accidentally stepped on the mama.
“ ’Morning, dear.” The elderly woman, in the middle of helping a customer, called over her rounded shoulder, “It’s in the back.” Miss Lucy’s brown eyes were big as buckeyes behind her thick glasses, and her white curls glowed under the spotlights.
That is, our moral ability to come to Christ is explicitly and specifically taught to be lacking apart from the sovereign grace of God. Therefore, all of the implications that suggest otherwise must be subsumed under the explicit teaching, rather than forcing the explicit teaching into conformity to implications that we draw from the text.
Yes, do this now
next week i think i will introduce having all of our mealtimes at the table once again. we've migrated into the playroom for a lot of meals & snacks, and i just want to get away from that. so, with a little rearranging this weekend, we will have a little nook carved out in the kitchen for their little table, right in front of the radiator. this way they will be nice & cozy in the kitchen while i get them breakfast! this will hopefully also be more inviting for miss ruby june, who will be with us in a few short months.
Hugs,Pea
Corley says that FIRST has always given students a chance to do something real with their brains and hands, and adds that the competition factor tends to bring out the best in everyone. “Camaraderie with an intelligent purpose is critical for building the ‘next generation’ of scientists and engineers…and I think FIRST does a great job developing that in young people.”
New Yorker captions are due on Wednesday before midnight.
And he could only stay
Jeremy Hunt is an ambitious, bushy-tailed naif incapable of grasping what Pandora’s Box he is opening when it comes to the BSkyB deal. But as this site has been arguing since early December 2010, the Ten Downing Street association with this grubby business will be the undoing of Cameron at least – and possibly the whole Coalition project.
All ones carry inside them a uniqueness seeking to be expressed. This uniqueness is instilled at the moment of the soul’s conception within Creator’s Desire. You each are compelled to express your uniqueness in ever more completeness. This inner drive is what causes ones to choose the various paths and avenues that they do. Your chosen path will eventually lead you to a greater awareness of self, and a greater level of inner satisfaction.
Super excited!
Well, that could be how he experienced Bordeaux, or indeed Le Havre or Brest… but possibly does not correspond to the living quarters he went on to enjoy in the capital’s chic 16th arrondissement. Invisible Paris takes up the story here…
This year I decided to go a bit different.
Nice isn't it?
Done now though.
who were napping on the couch.
For the power of suppression, consider those people whose most important characteristic is their Welshness, symbolised by Cymraeg, the language. This communal characteristic has become a symbol of identity, even individuality, because it has been so held down in the past.
How the hell am I supposed to go out and meet people if my parents keep freaking out like this?
Kaylee started asking me questions about that and I decided to continue my conversation with her. The fact is, she's old enough to possibly get pregnant. I felt like if I ceased the conversation, I might miss the wide open window to have it.
Lanolisation
Just a little background information about me, Samuel's mommee. When I haven't slept well, any and all coping mechanisms fly out the window. Knowing this, it was not good that I didn't sleep well Sunday and Monday evenings. I was tired on Tuesday. Monday evening I kept thinking "I need to get rest. Tomorrow is going to be hard." But did I get good rest? NO! Of course not!
So it is very possible for people to have a set of theories that have both a catastrophic global economic caused by a global new world order that includes an entangling economic web, and invasion/occupation that involves these same entangled world powers whose economies are supposed to have collapsed. So authorMr. Rawles can have his hero trying to bycle through a collapsing Europe on his way home to the U.S. and at the same time these Europeans (in the parallel earlier novel) will be occupying the United States and interested in occupying North Dakota.
7/6: Vancouver, BC @ Summer Playland Festival
A lot of PR people will say you only have 50 likes or 2 people talking, don't think you have a good base. Your job is to tell them that when you request an action, the percent of people who do that is very high. I look at the topics they're engaged in and when they're engaged and use those stats to your advantage.
You buy your daughter a cute shirt and pay full price for it because you just HAVE to have it. Then you feel awful about paying full price (even if it was pretty cheap and from Tar-jay).
IP: We need a different type of politics – people are getting more apathetic. Proportional election coalitions are dishonest politics. We’ve got to turn that system upside down. Cross-party politics, we should work together for the 65%, fight for the 35%.
And so, I breathe. And I receive the Holy Spirit. My Comforter, my Counselor, my Teacher, my Guide.
Elisabeth Badinter says we should get over our obsession with the “voluntary servitude” of mothering and go play the career game with the boys, giving it all we’ve got.
I am completely blown away by this surprise. A minute ago, I didn’t have this slightest guess that they knew each other.
Heat one stick of butter and bacon grease in same pan as you used for onions and garlic, add in another tablespoon of olive oil, raise heat to high and sauté livers in single layer in pan. Turning often, you just want to cook them until barely pink about 5 minutes total. Add salt and pepper, and add garlic powder to livers. Add onions and garlic back to the pan and raise heat on pan and add wine and brandy. Let reduce for about 3 or 4 minutes until wine and brandy evaporate and you get a thick sauce that forms on bottom of pan. Remove livers and onions from heat and let cool 15 minutes.
I asked him "What price would you have rather seen on the box?"
Plants moving in the breeze
2032.E-XI/27/1973. On the risks of political paranoia. University of Chicago Maroon, November 27, 1973, pp. 4-5; Chicago Sun-Times, November 28, 1973, p. 61; Washington Post, December 5, 1973, p. A31.
This is changing me.
She leads you through a residential hallway up a flight of stairs and voila there you are, in her house turned cat cafe paradise! It’s a low lit large living room with cushions on the floor , small tables resting on the floor , cat towers, a shelf of cat paraphernalia , loads of cat toys , three kittens , and three big fat lazy cats.
Winners will be chosen at random by random.org, within a week from the date the book is posted on the blog, and one entry per book please. Make sure to scroll through previous posts and if there is NOT a highlighted note at the top, then feel free to enter to win that book too! If there is a highlighted announcement at the top of a post, then that book is closed to comments and a winner has already been chosen. For comments, questions, suggestions, please email me at stephanieelliot@gmail.com.
My Grandpa was an antique collector.
Update: I have now seen some film of the event and learned that the protesters were not silent. They did not appear to be putting anyone in danger; merely shouting slogans and chanting. They have been charged with "unlawful assembly". Isn't there something in the Constitution about a "right to assemble"?
Scary huh??! It's weird how 5 years in history (i.e. a 5 year period before you were around, or at least before you were aware of it) seems a lot longer than a 5 year period that you've lived through.
Getting Ready: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 9-x-13-inch baking pan with foil, butter the foil and place the pan on a baking sheet. (we used parchment paper, which doesn't need buttering)
The assholes now say, “If you don’t choose any pages to tie to your profile, you will not be able to have these areas”. ( a profile at all basically )
As I write the bottom door and drawer fronts have had their final coat of paint and are awaiting installation. Next to come..... "updated" stove and exhaust fan. Final two projects countertop conversion and island makeover.
We met with DOT representatives and representatives from many of our elected officials and Community Board 6 in March of 2010 and issued a list of requests and recommendations. We are heartened by the progress being made on many of the requests. However, our number one priority remains taking every measure to make Columbia Street safer and, in particular taking measures that address the increasingly dangerous stretch of Columbia Street between DeGraw Street and Hamilton Avenue.
It doesn't matter in this movie, though. It's a movie about monsters attacking, guns blazing, and aliens getting their asses kicked (as well as aliens dishing out gory deaths when they get the better of their prey). And the film excels at this.
because the more you count the more you see?
I received and read the ARC of Grace O’Connell’s Magnified World a few weeks after having read Patrick Ness’ A Monster Calls. World was nowhere near the tearjerker for me as Monster was (thank god — Monster was intense!), but World is striking in a different way. World is a lovely exploration of grief. When World begins, O’Connell’s narration doesn’t dive into grief so much as brush against it, little glancing touches that depict the intensity of emotion with metaphor and suggestion. The narrative becomes more openly emotional as the novel progresses, and I love how that reflects Maggie’s changing ways to express grief.
I hope this information is helpful. Enjoy!
I’ve been going through a drawer filled with get-well cards. I had saved all of them that Jeff had received since his first diagnosis in 2004 until now. Because I was having trouble getting the drawer to close, I figured it was time I sorted them, keeping only the ones with personal messages.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU Anne!!!
Here’s what your sandwich will look like.
One of the awesomest trailers from YRF, even if I say so myself check out Arjun Kapoor @ParineetiChopra in Ishaqzaade
My friends say I’m actin wild as a bug
It’s time to stop living for a piece of it all, and reclaim some real peace which is found is trying to obtain so much less. This is how we will have a piece of peace and truly have what we’ve been missing.
In a separate bowl, combine butter, eggs, sugar, pears, and vanilla. Add the wet mixture to the dry. Stir it until the batter is evenly moistened.
Prepare the meat sauce first. Hand form the beef into patties and grill them till they are brown on the outside. Chop roughly and set aside.
Asked if faculty discontent could have intensified due to the other disputes over Yale budget cuts and top-down decision-making, he conceded that ‘a number of people could have supported this resolution out of a general sense of unhappiness’.
Ab Workout - another one that doesn't take time away from my family, I can just do it while were all hanging out. Although Carter does look at me funny when start doing some of this stuff. He's like "what you doin mom?" haha
The farmer has ploughed all of his fields except this one, which is now water logged. About two weeks ago he fertilised it. The aroma was so pungent that I had to go out. It was a fine sunny day and I would have liked to be out in the garden, but even in our front garden the smell was to much for me. Just think yourselves lucky that I was not able to collect it and infuse my blog with it! Thankfully the smell has now gone. He should have some mighty good crops.
I also ran into a huge influx of hikers heading down as I neared Mount Wilson. I'm pretty sure they took a bus up there, because several stopped and asked me how to get to Chantry Flat. I'm assuming their ride was going to meet them there, and I did my best to convey accurate information.
* You talk to a brown out.
SPOILER: Im sorry, just can’t hold this in. I have always thought of Percy and Annabeth as a couple. I was smiling at that whole part about them kissing and holding hands and how Percy thought about her in the dangerous river, which kept him alive. *crowd goes ‘aaaaawwwwww’*
I noticed that when I am home in everyday-ville I don’t pee quite so frequently, but the constant urge is still there. I just know the toilet is within a 10 second dash if my release valve is about to go off so I hold off for as long as possible because every second is precious in my “taking care of business” mindset. But when you’re on the road with a possible 45 minute wait between toilets, the urge becomes increasingly more powerful.
We went to a matinee of the new Pirates show on July 4th. I thought the show was fantastic. I can't get over how much they have changed the building from when it was the Dixie Stampede. What was the inside of the arena is now a huge pool made to look like a bay with two pirate ships docked in it. There is a lot of diving, rope swinging from ship to ship and acrobatics. They even have a huge seal. (Ok. Maybe it was a Walrus...or something else. I'm not exactly up to date on my marine animals.) Moms was not as impressed and declared that she "didn't like pirate music" during the pre-show. I didn't know Pirate Music was its own genre. I did find it hard to hear and understand what they were saying from time to time. And at one point in the show a projector comes down and shows a video of Dolly Parton dressed as a mermaid singing a mermaid song. That was a bit of a stretch to me. Food was delicious and the menu is about the same as when it was the Dixie Stampede except now you get mashed potatoes and they give you a fork to eat with. I am a fan of eating utensils. So that is my little Pirates Voyage review.
The actual figures are astonishing. Recent changes to the British welfare system have meant that Muslim men can now have up to five or more wives in one go. That’s no surprise. A Sunnah tale about the Proph Madmood has it that he 'serviced' nine of his wives in one evening. That’s a lot to live up to.
“I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending,’ saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.” Revelation 1:8
Tonight on Life Full Circle Radio, we are celebrating our 1st Anniversary!! Were going to grab some of our BEST interviews and segments! David and Tamela Mann, Bishop George Davis, Kermit Buggs of Penn State and Mr. Solutions will all be apart of this show!
I ran up to the local market to buy some, and they were completely OUT.
Hopuka Ceviche with sunchoke leche de tigre, sunflower tuile, pickled fresno and sweet potato, paired with Rising Sun IPA, a spicy, citrus pale ale brewed with Sorachi Ace hops; Peruvian Stew with root vegetables, chorizo, braised beef and rabbit loin, paired with Victoria’s Bitter, a traditional, easy-drinking English pub ale with copper color, noticeable malt flavor and floral, bitter hop finish; Roast Pig with apple-porter glaze, spicy wilted baby black kale and pork-porter humita, paired with Pig Iron Porter, a dark beer with roasted chocolate notes and slight bitterness; and Five-Spice Bread Pudding with ginger-pecan ice cream and malted chocolate sauce, paired with Weizenbock, a full-bodied ale with a bready malt character and banana and clove notes.
Divide dough into 24 equal pieces, about 2 tablespoons each (or use #40 portion scoop). Using hands, roll dough into balls. NOTE: The final dough will be slightly softer than most cookie dough. For the best results, handle the dough as briefly and gently as possible when shaping the cookies. Overworking the dough will result in flatter cookies. Roll them into sugar ...
Tell us about your favorite childhood memory.
Nicole wrote a thoughtful blog post about the Story a Day in May writing challenge. She brings up some really good points about the potential mental scatter that could accompany putting together 31 different plots in such a short span of time. She writes,
5 minutes?
Just as in 2009 teams found they had less space for undernose turning vanes, so they made use of the free space above the splitter. This could either be with small vertical vanes, their outswept shape both diverting the airflow around the car and also sending a vortex towards the floors leading edge, to maximise pressure for more downforce.
“Operation Twist is widely viewed today as having been a failure, largely due to classic work by Modigliani and Sutch”
They call it ‘bonking’ when your mind wanders off somewhere else and you get a song stuck in your head for hours and hours or you focus on your left knee then your right knee then your left knee, right knee, left knee, right knee… It’s unpleasant, I tell you and it can be downright dangerous too because when your mind starts wandering, so too can your bike and, before you know it, you’re trying to figure out how you ended up in that ditch at the side of the road.
Comments Jean-Sébastien Brasme: The last concert of the Making Movies tour 1980/1981. The band performance is quite good.
Franks hot sauce- 1/2 tbsp (optional)
I don't like matchy-matchy,
After the dabbing, I put on topcoat to help smooth things out, and it looked much better. I can see some spots that indicate my dabbing technique needs a little work, but for a first try, I'm happy with it.
With the release of “Workingman’s Dead,” a couple of years
This type of reconciliation is what we need with God. He has shown that He wants to be our God. That great verse where God says ‘I am your God, and you will be my people’ tells us He wants to be our God; He wants to have relationship with us. But how do we show this? The answer to this is through a sacrifice to take away our sin and allow us to be in relationship with the holy God.
There are many exceptions. I have a small number of friends who are also writers and they always inspire me. I love meeting with them and talking, and I love reading their work. And there are a mass of writers around me who I don't know very well, but I admire.
Exotic sweetness, a magical time
I love peonies, although I learned early on not to cut them and bring the blooms indoors. Ants also love these huge globes of color. I would love to move mine to a sunnier position where I could see them a bit better, but I’ve heard they don’t transplant well. Perhaps someone could share their experience with that.
Next we'll learn about the first of many schemes to rescue Pattison's. All of them, as we know, in vain.
Rolling with the adventure, I took the time to wander down Main Street into Chinatown… see the East Van sights as the city was waking up and found a coffee shop.
Because of this chaos Chinese and Asian sources are now offering to sell large denominations of US Dollars and Euros at a 37% discount to super-wealthy individuals.
Žižek discussed the universal resistance he believes in. He said the whites in South Africa, when discussing whether to give Blacks the same rights they have or not, they practiced a worse form of racism saying "we are afraid if we give them the same rights we have, we will make them bad like us. They would lose their innocence." Žižek called this a form of patronizing. Then he gave an interesting example of a rejection to this patronizing when the U.S became apologetic towards the indigenous groups, the latter replied "oh no, you are not as criminal as we are, we burned the woods and killed the animals and did this and that. We are more horrible than you" meaning, he claims, the indigenous did not allow the 'Americans' to patronize them.
Who said mid-morning radio is only for background music and should be boring?
We simply submit to God. We listen to those promptings and we obediently follow. We root and secure ourselves in the knowledge that we our loved unconditionally based on what He has done not on what we do or do not. We know that it is Grace that allows us to do and Grace that upholds when we fall.
"Unhappy houses are a very good incubation for stories." ~ Edna O'Brien
In winter, Mount Revelstoke National Park seemed nearly deserted and dauntingly immense when we went snowshoeing several times during one trip. A stark contrast to summer cars chugging up to the parking lot and hikers ambling among its famous bright Alpine Flower Meadows. Similar to cycling in isolated rural areas, here we equipped ourselves with enough food, water and a GPS unit. It’s not totally a strange sight to see skier skating along through deep snow, with their dog sporting a doggie-vest and doggie panniers with a first aid kit cross emblazoned on its side.
While we love all the characters from the parvarish serial , yet we can’t help noticing the dressing of Shweta Tiwary as Sweety . She wears designer salwar kameez and looks elegant yet very stylish. Sweety Ji knows how to look her best in simple salwar and she has surely become the icon of many women out there. Many think that even though she is a mother of two yet she keeps herself up – to – date and is a fashionista in herself. Kudos to her for this . We love it to the core.
As an adult I begin my artistic adventure scrapbooking when my daughter was born and later moved into altering objects into pieces of our memories that could be displayed around the home and eventually into jewelry and vintage handbag design.
Caught in a conundrum of her own making Sally March was unable to say anything for several seconds. “Peter, just call your son on Saturday.” She finally said before hanging up the phone.
While on my blogging break I picked up the second book in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series, A Clash of Kings. Still reading it, and probably will be for awhile. It's a big book and I'm a slow reader. The problem with reading a novel like this, though, is that it's everywhere right now. The second season of the HBO series is underway and people are naturally talking about it. The problem for me is that there are spoilers everywhere.
Out of interest, Park Run is a free event done in many capital cities and towns over Australia. You get an official time at the end and can check your results on the website which are usually posted the same day! See www.parkrun.com.au
Whoda ever thunk, that day two years ago when I asked Mom if we could start blogging, that I would have accomplished so much.
If we see someone needing help we need to help them. Christ Jesus did tell us what you do unto others you do unto him. I pray others have taken something from this. I encourage anyone who hasn’t to read that post.
I'm definitely guilty of putting pressure on myself to create the perfect room, the perfect home RIGHT NOW. Especially since I started blogging. Even if I could afford to run out and buy everything I want, I don't think I'd end up with the home I really want that way (if anyone wants to give me a bunch of money so I can test my theory - I'm in!). Rushing seems to lead to regrets. I can't tell you how many times I've rushed out to the store to buy something, only to realize that my room still doesn't look the way I want it to. Which leads to me rushing out to buy more stuff and now you're probably starting to understand why my garage is overflowing with crap. I know it will be difficult (for me), but I'm going to try to slow down this year and really think about what I want my home to look and function like, and what I need to do to make my home one I love.
April 3 = National Chocolate Mousse Day
BUT I changed it up a bit... I used fresh spinach instead of frozen spinach, and I used fresh mushrooms instead of canned mushrooms - I mean seriously... why not? I used the cream of chicken soup and I have to say that I have never before done bread crumbs with melted butter to make a crumbly crust --- It was delicious! and so easy --- why have I missed this in the past???
Last week I spent an afternoon helping my "Timeless Kitchen" client breath new life into her dining room cornice boards. I am a believer in trying not to "throw the baby out with the bathwater" so since she already had these window treatments, which she made and painted (she has the DIY mojo, this client), I knew we could freshen them up. So armed with our beautiful fabric, some muslin, quilt batting and a staple gun, we set to work.
Other than Deepak’s controversial background, which involves murdered Mongolian translator Altantuya Shaariibuu, the transaction is eye-catching because Envair shareholder Jiang Chuan Yi sold his entire 6.75% stake in the firm less than a month after acquiring it on Nov 1.
Oh well, well, it's that time.
Her: (Rolls eyes and walks away.)
Well, from your parents, from your friends, and books are always the least awkward solution.
I felt bad, for a bit, like maybe I was too jaded or I just wasn't into the spirit of the thing, but then I realized I have seen many, many good things and enjoyed the hell out of them, so this was really just bad and I shouldn't feel guilty for making fun of it.
This particular initiative is long overdue!
I kept a copy of my favourite entries so have posted them back up for anyone who's interested.
touched forever, free of their rasp.
a massive well done to all the selected filmmakers- the standard is really high
Church members are excepted from wage withholding and are excluded from employment.
According to the US Constitution, the Freedoms, Rights and Civil Liberties of Non-smokers are no more or less important than the Freedoms, Rights and Civil Liberties of any other individual regardless of how much they may believe, or selfishly wish it to be so. Non-smokers are clearly in the majority, but this does not give license to mandate the personal choices of the minority, nor of the business owners that prefer to cater to that group. Non-smokers Freedoms, Rights and Civil Liberties end precisely where these things begin for everyone else; when those Rights infringe on the rights and well-being of others. This of course includes people that have made the personal choice to smoke, and more importantly the property owners that would allow that legal activity to occur on Private Property.
This crunchy, chilled roll is a good alternative to the fried rolls, and should be a great snack on those sweltering summer days in the often steamy Animal Kingdom park… and it’s only two bucks so it’s worth giving it a try… and yeah, it should be fairly healthy… shhhh… don’t tell anyone that…
In a small bowl beat eggs and oil and set aside
1968-69
While I think the idea of a Bucket List is pretty awesome and motivating, for those of us who’ve found themselves at a point in their lives with little free time or money to do the things we always hoped and wished to do, a Bucket List can prove to be somewhat frustrating and depressing. Sure, I’d love to go to Hawaii or Europe or Australia and see so many awesome sights, but when I look at my financial situation and personal responsibilities it’s just not feasible.
If you are an American, for “dummies” read “pacifiers”.
Psalm 24:8(a)
Third item is from Photo Prop Floors & Backdrops, a beautiful Tin Tile backdrop, size: 52" x 7 Foot. Tired of white or black backgrounds? Then their fabulous collection is exactly what you need!!
Lynn is the first U.S. church official charged with helping the church cover up complaints of child sexual abuse. He faces up to 28 years in prison if convicted….
Madrid was an experience to say the least. I'm a bit ashamed of my time, but not surprised. I'm not going to make excuses, I'm just going to say I was undertrained and not prepared, and that's the truth. It showed but I'm okay with it.
I used a plain white cardstock and 2 shades of watered-down blue paint, and a few little streaks of Twinkling H20's (that I bought more than 2 years ago and had never even opened!) for shimmer.
Get Elipticalizing!
I dash here, add there, until the taste is right. I'll write down the gist of what went in, and you can make your adjustments to what tastes good to you.
When the Anglo-Boer War started he was sequestered to the Middelburg commando and fought with distinction during the war. Almost immediately after the war he began to suffer from a combat induced neurological disease.
Pure vanilla extract 1 1/2 teaspoons
Watch Veggie Tales - Lyle the Kindly Viking (I have it on hold at Allendale Library so let me know if you want to watch it next week!)or Boz Friends and Helpers (we own this one)
Obituary.-
So this mornin we're in the car and he's droppin me off to work and I'm like, totally gonna prove his whole, exploding head if I don't talk shit theory wrong right? So he starts swervin an stuff (He says he doesn't I say he does) and the convo goes like this
Let me know of what you think of my playlist for this week and be sure to let me know what songs are on your playlist for this week by tweeting me @GonnaBFamousTB using the hashtag #TylersMusicPlaylist or comment on this article by clicking on the white speech bubble in the top right hand corner!
My heart breaks as I watch all the 9/11 remembrance programming this morning. The devastation is so much bigger than that one day. Families are affected every day across the country because of that day and the war it spawned. There are no words that can be written to pay tribute to every life lost in the wake of 9/11. I will try though.
Why don't people get it yet!!! Having never been a real soda drinker, but being married to one, has difficult in the past 20 years. Drinking sodas wreaked havoc on my husbands system... Luckily, he's over his soda addiction and his blood test numbers are all normal now... but seriously... drinking all that junk, DIET OR OTHERWISE... is just about the WORST thing someone can drink... I swear, I would sooner drink bleach!!!
Mark said, "I bet you can figure it out."
This week I plan to dig up and plant the rest of my seeds (except for the ones that explicitly say April) I’m also gonna look for a few smaller pots for my herbs. But we’ll see about that when I actually have some extra money haha.
Thoroughly wipe down and clean each piece separately and wash all sides of the inside of the refrigerator.
1: Kuwait a minute. Aren’t you going to stop and say hello?
“Well, he’s brought it on himself. Wicca’s a religion, a way of life really. We gather at the sabbats, observe the three-fold law and generally just try to make the world a better place to live in.”
Payback time in France? Hey, Abbas and Fayyad Are Forming A New Coalition Too! Sunrise New Israellycool Facebook Page 9-May-12: We know they’re hungry… but for what, exactly? Hamas Forces Detain Television Crew at Shifa Hospital Embroidered map of “Palestine” shows all of Israel covered in the Palestinian flag IDF develops new technologies to overcome anti-tank threats UN orders US to give Mount Rusmore to the Sioux The Palestinian Arab addiction to headlines Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler The Middle East Media Sampler 5/9/2012: Media’s Negative Spin On Netanyahu’s New Coalition Nazi Fail Of The Day PA TV teaches children to make political map that turns all of Israel into “Palestine”
An interfaith community was born at a Presbyterian Center near New York City following the violence of 9/11. Read how Muslim, Jewish and Christian members are working as allies for peace while remaining committed to their faiths.
Just comment below (Let's do a customer service survey. Let us know how we can improve to make your experience better here. You know, what you'd like to see us post about on here. Things you like. Things you don't, etc.) and make sure to give us a valid email address so that we can contact you if you win. Winners will be drawn randomly and, of course, it's open internationally as long as the submission is in English and standard query/manuscript formatting. 1" margins. TNR 12 pt font. 1 page, single spaced.
They were the victim of falling gravities after 1914, similar to Porter. Breweries had a habit of retaining the name of their most prestigious Bitter, usually PA, as they cut gravities and culled their beer range. AK, being the bottom of the Bitter pile, was often the first to be cut.
“Those who labor in the earth are the chosen people of God, if ever he had a chosen people,
This story pulled nearly every emotional string I have. Hedlund’s characters resonated with me and the story’s message beats a drum on my heart that God has been beating for weeks now: courage in the face of new and terrifying experiences.
“Suppose it did?”
16. Scratch Outro
From this verse we understand that they knew they were wrong for they sought to escape by the only boat available under the guise that they were going to cast anchors out of the front. Like so many religious cults of today, they were cunning and deceitful. They thought they could make land by their own effort and in their own way.
Thanks, Sen. McCain and Sen. Kerry. You can keep your supercilious, nonsensical views on "bi-partisanship" which only serve to promote the Leftist agenda. As for me and my conservative minions, we'll be content to be partisan and we'll kindly stay on our side of the isle.
I've had one before, and was most insulted when the doctor told me what it was. "Excuse ME," I said indignantly, "I don't DO panic attacks!"
Boxy 60s swing jacket?
Me with Patric in DRC last year
Serendipity manifests in ways such as when we realize new acquaintances share similar friends and affinities. Simultaneously our worlds draw nearer while doors open. The serendipitous can also find its way into the bookbindings of printed words. After a solid week of Baxter’s writing- and sensing more of the spirit in the words- I signaled for the last of the books I’d requested. Recognizing the tome as being a bound collection of pamphlets, I looked for the contents list as a finding-aid for the volume. On my way to the Baxter item, in this bundle of random 17th century items, the item immediately preceding Baxter caught my eye. It was a captivating polemic by one John Alexander, something I’d never have found if not for the serendipity of perusing books. With special permission, I photographed the title page. In fact, Alexander’s words, along with how I began imagining Alexander as a person, upstaged the last Baxter piece, and my last few hours were absorbed by this personal discovery.
it is what ‘Here’ is,
Next appointment: My last appointment was Monday, October 31st. It was just a regular, run-of-the-mill appointment. I gave some blood to do the quad screening for spina bifida and other genetic abnormalities even though I was on the fence about any testing like that. The baby’s heartbeat was 143 average. My next official appointment is on November 28, but my official big ultra-sound/gender reveal appointment is on November 21st - my mom’s birthday. I hope I can hold out that long! 3 more weeks! Eeek!
Growing up I had several opportunities to go on missions trips to different places. One of my more intense mission experiences was going to Mexico with YWAM (Youth With a Mission) and learning a drama and performing in front of different populations in the area. But there was one day that I remember the most among all those days, and that was when our team went to a rural area, performed our drama and a puppet show to a community that was incredibly poor. We were there until the late evening, performing in the pouring rain, and I remember coming back to the bus to eat the tuna fish sandwiches that we had prepared earlier in the day. I was hungry since it was late, and was getting ready to eat the cold tuna sandwich, when I heard one of the mission team members, JYC yelling to everyone to give up their sandwich so that he could pass them out to the children who had come to watch. I turned and saw him, with a young boy perched on his shoulders, a bag of tuna sandwiches in his hand, yelling at the mission team to give up our dinner so that we could feed the children. I felt so guilty at that moment, wanting to eat the sandwich so much yet felt compelled to give it to a hungry child. JYC's logic was that we could eat something on our way in back to the mission center, but this might be the one meal that the kids would normally miss if we didn't give them our sandwiches.
Hartmut Haenchen (conductor)
If you go with a local dealer who has connections in Japan, he will also only charge a down payment for you until the vehicle is purchased in the auction, and once you raise the LC will refund you the down payment.
Recorder to Randoseru Re ep. 4
To make roasted cumin powder, in a pan on medium heat dry roast cumin seeds till they are nice and fragrant and darkish brown (but not burnt). Keep stirring them so that all the seeds are evenly roasted. Once the seeds are roasted, grind them in a coffee or spice grinder to a powder. This roasted cumin powder is great to add as a final touch to many dishes, including raita, salads. Dry roasting the everyday cumin brings in a lovely smoky flavor which is not usually found in the regular cumin or powdered cumin.
Bigger, fuller breasts. This is the dream of many women the world over. Anybody who spends any time watching TV or going to the movies knows that breast size and shape are much-sought-after commodities in the world of fashion and beauty.
Rhinestones: Studio G
The West Side and I ... we don't mingle. I do occasionally pass through the West Side, but rarely is it my final destination. As a result, oversights will happen. Max's Fanno Creek, one of a tiny handful of brewpubs scattered among the hills (excepting McMenamins' outposts, you got your Raccoon Lodge, your Old Market Pub, and Max's) opened 20 months ago, but I just made it out on Friday.
In a nostalgic mood, I wasted a whole evening browsing through old facebook photos. The majority of which took place eighty pounds ago. Back when I imagined180lbs would be skinny for me. Back when I preached big as beautiful. I hardly recognize that me. I’ve spent days trying to capture my emotions. Trying to explain why I’ve plateaued here, still forty pounds from healthy.
d. ISAs
I've not been writing much.
I arrived on time but unfortunately the Zumba class was cancelled. Instead, a master class. That is, a one and a half hour class with a taste of Zumba, Body Attack, Body Combat, Body Jam, Step and pump. Holy exhausting thought, Batman.
On a lighter note...
Back and back and back
I must admit I have not been indulging in my weekly facials as I would like.
Oh god
“The Sage constantly lowers himself, but the Tao always lifts him up.” When I read that passage, it was as though Christ was tapping my shoulder and saying: “Hey buster, get back over here.”
No matter the profession, an organization's management should always be pursuing opportunities for improvement. Colt McCoy may or may not be the signal-caller of the future in Cleveland.
thanx for your time and comments, greatly appreciated, M, (*_*)
With so much to look forward to he looked back.
I don’t want to belabor a point unnecessarily, but think about your life when you
‘Patient guy,’ I think to myself. After all, maybe they find the time and the space in which to be patient. They don’t have fast paced lives.
Third, Obama is gaining momentum. Like it or not, at this point in the game, he is bringing about a supposed “economic recovery,” in which the unemployment levels continue to drop. This will be viewed unconditionally as his doing. He has also supposedly “ended the war in Iraq” by bringing our troops home. This is good for him politically, but will destroy Iraq.
I used an 8x8 card
me: “We are in a bloody roundabout with 5 million cars behind us. I can’t stop. I’m going to go round and round this f’ing roundabout until you get yourself sorted out”.
Today was date night with Clarissa, which meant we went out to eat, followed by shopping at her favorite fabric store, Joann’s. Recently she’s been going on an earring making splurge, and she’s freaking awesome at it! But she ran out of materials so we needed to head over there to pick more up.
My original plan for this closet was to have sewing/quilting on one side and scrapbooking on the other. But....in order to utilize the space to it's fullest potential, I had to mix it up. I have most everything labeled, so it isn't difficult to find what I need.
Having a front row seat to the second burning of the great city of Atlanta was enough to send a chill down the spine of David Walker as he watched the destruction from the safety of his personal bunker miles away from the actual battle. The bunker being buried deep inside a hill on his estate he both relished the warm feeling of security it provided and marveled at the heavily camouflaged observation deck mounted on the southern side that allowed him to watch the ongoing obliteration of the beautiful city.
want to work with Lidia Yuknavitch.
In order to take credit in this way, uncover your service on line. You are able to uncover a number of them speedily. Compare Loans rates and terms and conditions for repayments offered by some loan providers. You just might use nearly anything concerning 250 and 2500 us dollars with respect to the amount that you intend to be eligible.
Even so...I never saw a sign quite like this one (above right), posted at my college campus.
Some now consider him a hero. Others are still too numb to the facts to understand.
No, your eye's are not deceiving you! I have a post for you today! I feel like I am finally back in the swing of things. It's been a very very long 6 months, from leaving Germany, finding a job for Rodney, finding a house, getting settled in, and FINALLY feeling like stamping again!
In the next post, I’ll go into detail about creating each of the different pieces of the campaign and finally, the last post in this series will showcase all of the finished components together.
I want to be the one to drive my daughter to Payless for new ballet flats. I want to sit by my son’s side as we visit the first potential college he may want to see. I do not want to be TOLD about these things later, I want to be there in the present.
After a year of this I said stop. The company paid for ergonomic chairs and such, and I think these have kept me typing over the years. This is what I'd pass on to a fellow sufferer.
And so, I’m standing here - looking in the mirror, having a smoke, a fag, a burn!
Angels in the Bible never appear as cute, chubby infants! They are always full-grown adults. When people in the Bible saw an angel, their typical response was to fall on their faces in fear and awe, not to reach out and tickle an adorable baby.
In the Garden of Eden, when the serpent spoke to Eve, he questioned what God had said in order to bring confusion (Gen. 3:1), which then led to insecurity. The serpent, probably seeing Eve was waivering, accused God of lying, while he twisted the truth to make God look bad. By believing the lie, Eve began to feel inferior (even though God is greater, His love kept her from feeling small) but as she looked at it through the eyes of deception, she saw God differently and felt inferior. Inferiority leads to feelings of depression, and ultimately opens the door to fear.
4. Gentlemen
Pedal while standing
The first last supper means there will always be a next last supper, and in each supper — lunch, breakfast, dinner, snack – the Christ is present. We truly are a lucky, blessed and loved people. I love the idea that a Jimmy Johns sandwich or a Papa John’s pizza or a Dorito or a Snickers bar or a Veggie tray or a Fruit Roll-Up might bring our focus around to our faith. (Now if we could only learn to eat healthier, wouldn’t that be a God thing?)
Adapt it …….. Add 1-2 tsp ground cinnamon, ginger or all spice ….. Replace vanilla with almond, orange or lemon extract
- Anything Saw related. The first one was overrated, the second and third were tolerable. Everything thereafter sucks massive stinky horse balls.
every need and every concern to You and leaving them at Your feet. In
While I don't think that we should have logic problems, or any problems, we're all human(except for the androids), so it's bound to happen. And anything non-"Earth as we know it" has an element of doubt already written in. It's the art of pushing that doubt to the furthest corner of your reader's mind that makes a story really engulfing. For example—Garth Nix's Keys to the Kingdom series has some REALLY weird stuff going on. But I believed all of it, because it was woven seamlessly into the fabric of the story.
Sometimes my convictions are enough to keep me from sobbing uncontrollably and at times my convictions become frustration. I would find this entire process that much easier if I were to turn my back on God. To scream my anger at His plans and in defense of the plan I had for Piper and deny His existence in light of it all. But I cannot turn my back on the very foundation of my existence any more than I could have turned my back on Piper when I was weary and saddened.
Album: Cerulean
I spent the first two years after writing the book looking for a literary agent. Failing that, I remembered that we do, in fact, live in the 21st century and publishing a book really is as simple as going down to a local printer, uploading, and clicking print. There’s a great publishing company out there called Lulu, and I worked with them to get the book into a published book. Do I wish I’d had an editor and a formatter? Of course. At the time, I just didn’t have the financial ability to invest in either, but it made me work that much harder to make sure the final product was as close to perfect as I could get. The experience was the most rewarding part of the process.
As I approach the pub door I can see that there are two men and a woman standing outside smoking. Bit weird I think, as Betty doesn't give a shit if you smoke inside!
While getting her business degree at Boston College, she realized that she wanted to work with food.
I leave them to the reader to decipher.
till
Number one – the bastard who is corrupting one of my comps can retire. I know who you are so stop it, stand in the corner, hold Mapgpie’s hand if you must, write one hundred lines of whatever takes your fancy and behave in a somewhat civilized manner. Otherwise I will return the favoUr. Also, and this is NOT a veiled threat, whilst my son is so laid back as not to get up before midday unless he needs to attend either college, the toilet or is hungry, he takes a dim view of people who upset his mother. Who wants to live with a female in a bad mood? He doesn’t – neither do I.
I am a new-comer to using fresh ginger, but I really like the taste and the flavor explosion that it adds to many dishes. When I saw a recipe for apricot ginger sorbet in a cookbook I received for my birthday, I couldn’t wait to try it. The recipe is very easy, and I love the combination of apricots with ginger.
I have always thought that someone should issue an Olympic trading card set during an Olympic year. It seems like a natural. But I can only remember insert-type Olympic sets, usually focused on one particular sport, included in a larger, non-Olympic set.
-Mira
Pearl Jam Black US
Let there be forgiving love for her to come home to,
This recipe has also been linked to...
Unfortunately for Connor none of those meals travel very well in a lunch box. the idea of eating a cold, uncooked hotdog for lunch is pretty revolting.
“Can’t be any worse than what we saw at your house.”
Often used for hedges in hot climates, oleanders are typically large shrubs, but “Petite Pink” and other compact cultivars grow well in pots. Oleanders bloom all summer with clusters of single or double flowers in shades of red, pink, salmon, cream or pure white. It’s tempting to touch the soft petals and smooth, dark green leaves of an oleander, but wash your hands well afterward, because all parts of these handsome plants are poisonous.
Yet several singles and an LP were released by the '73-'74 quintet. I've run across this single a couple of times:
Another round of more advanced genetic testing and DNA analysis was conducted on the samples exhumed in 2001. Live Science reported that the newer test gave: “98 percent certainty the identification is correct”.
This point brings up an important question: why don't all speakers of a language have a similar relationship to it given that they all come into the same entity? Language is everywhere, interpenetrating all things and actions. We can only come into a portion of the language, a portion as specific and idiosyncratic as are families. From this early specificity stems a primal relationship that may never leave us.
Anaya said racism extended from the broad relationship between federal or state governments and tribes down to local issues such as education.
We read nowadays about how teachers are trying to incorporate social media into the classroom instead of heading in the other direction, which is to outlaw it. Every teacher needs to ask himself, when in front of the class, how he honestly feels about looking out over the students and seeing them on their laptops, wondering if they are texting, tweeting, or Facebooking.
were all I needed.
Just as Jews were once expelled from Arab lands, Christians are now being forced from countries they have long inhabited.
I didn’t get this particular bottle of Green Flash Stout from a little convenience store on the pier; I picked it up closer to Beer Rant HQ – I think at Total Wine – and I believe it’s the best of the Green Flash product I’ve tried so far.
Goldie died.
Bonzo: "No thanks."
Vernon hopped into his little car, backed down by the shed to give his dad a thumb’s up, and headed off to his job site, where he was working construction.
“Yes…….Zuleikha.”
The Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998, for instance, brought the dam project to a halt and forced the government to assume control from the consortium at an estimated cost of RM1.6 billion to Malaysian taxpayers.
-Osho
Every Tuesday at my job is “1/2 priced gelato day” so everyone in their mother comes in for gelato. What is gelato you ask? It is almost ice cream, but it has less fat and is churned slower so it has a creamier taste to it. I know this because the gelato served at my job is HOMEMADE! Yep, it’s delicious.
We tried:
Note: If you like thick chili, as we sometimes do, mix a couple tablespoons of corn mesa with a little water and stir into the chili about 15 minutes before serving. We like our chili garnished with chopped green onions, shredded cheese and a dollop of sour cream. Oh, and with hot buttered cornbread muffins of course.
He said demons often seem to “nest” in the stomach, and usually when they’re expelled, the person they’re cast out from will spit up a foul, dark liquid that doesn’t look or smell like ordinary vomit.
6 River Deep, Mountain High
Greg recently received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Award for San Diego, and will go forward as a finalist in their national competition. Accepting the award, Greg said,
He loves the hobby and is happy to give back to the sport and fans who made it possible for him to play the game he loves :)"
Sharshar would have loved to wring the neck of this smartass. But he was aware he should play along, public disgrace was nothing short of suicidal to him.
$.29 ea. Seriously.
5. Forget the white man’s wealth. It has long gone been transferred to Sydney. There isn’t any left here. Create your own. Forget about redistribution. Use your logic. The wealth of 5 Million whites was never going to send 45 Million blacks into a blissful retirement. The white wealth Malema cries about daily, was only in the hands of a few whites.
6. Tip half into your lap. The other half, just throw up in the air. You are now ready to feed a nine- month-old baby.
In this regard, the following services will be rendered for perusal and information: Free Automated Refraction with Subjective Verification including low vision cases, eye examination and evaluation for blinding diseases such as cataracts, mascular degeneration, glaucoma and more, and affordable treatment and medicines are readily available.
S is for magnificent Satisfaction
let boil for hour and 15 minutes
“I’m sorrrrry.” Hug, kiss.
We were eating lunch, and I overheard some of the boys talking.
Wrestling with a puzzle, a project, or a problem, the likeliest reason to give up is the belief that it can’t be done.
I just respond, emotionally and visually.
