Bangle: Lovisa
WHERE: Freetail Brewing Co., 4035 N Loop 1604 W. Suite 105. San Antonio
Rob Kardashian – had a great week last week, and was riding high. He performed probably his best dance this week in terms of his comfort level and performance level. Can I just ask, what IS the deal with the Kardashian rear end? Rob has a serious booty – it might even be better than Kims. Just sayin. Yes, Rob is peaking at the right time -his mother must be so proud to have all of her children making headines recently.
#7: Failing to make a timely Section 83 (b) election.
We recognize the value of adoption for many children. But placement with family and friends is usually preferable because of the continuity of family relationships and sense of identity – as well as love and stability - that they can provide for a child. High rates of placement breakdown for adoption (from 10-50 per cent) reflect the fact that it is just not that easy to “transplant” a child from one family to another.
And as usual...PLEASE BE CAUTIONED. I curse like a drunken pirate at port over there...I make no apologies for it. (And yes...I do mean WORSE than here!)
Block of puff pastry. You could bother making your own, but the bought stuff is just fine
Sometimes the best things in life (and music) come from wrong turns. The Beatles trying to replicate Motown hits and getting it so gloriously wrong. The Ramones‘ attempt at being a bubblegum band, botched but ultimately birthing a new direction for rock. It is said the ‘blue’ (or flattened) notes in early blues – the basis for so much in the vernacular of popular music – came from slaves’ inaccurate hearing of distantly played Western classical music. Who knows?
InstaText – can write post it notes, and also put text on photos. I've also been using this one for blogging adding numbers to photos etc. You can save the photo in your albums though, so I took a screen shot then edited it.
Sheila wants to be the kind of manager that recognizes employees’ strengths and potential, applying them to benefit the organization. She doesn’t want to blindly follow her predecessor’s examples, yet she doesn’t want to reject them entirely simply to be different. She is determined to apply her own leadership strategies—techniques that will work for her entire team and the organization as a whole.
Liberals disgusts me, but I know not all liberal women are this bad as these women who claim to run the DNC. Sometimes I wonder all liberal women are lesbians and atheists? But I know there are many good moderate liberal women out there. I know there are many women other than conservative women who are not agree or speak for these low-level Degenerates. There are some wars you never will win. And wars against Mothers are one of them. Neither party will win a war over mothers. Every woman has a right to speak up for her country and economy.
...and by lately i mean in the last several months.
Sam at the Daily Dimwit:
And it’s only gotten larger since then.
I’ve been in Flexible, but only when it was very important to stand firm.
I have tried to reintroduce red meat within the last couple of weeks. I have tried this 2 times and have failed! Once at a lunch with a girlfriend and once today. Last week at lunch, I ordered an organic piece of beef. I immediately felt light headed and nauseous. I had to leave lunch early and go home for the rest of the day. I didn’t think much of it at the time. Then today, the same thing. Shortly after lunch, I began feeling sick and lightheaded like before. Being hard headed as I am, I decided to run anyway. Halfway through my 4 mile run, I thought I was going to pass out. I think my body has become use to not having that particular protein. When I try to reintroduce it, it makes me feel as though I am literally being poisoned. I do not see myself trying this again anytime soon. I am asking for help for any nutritionists or vegetarians out there? Have you experienced this before?
The age of the modernUAV began in 1982, with Israel being the pioneer in this new form of warfare. The Israel Air Force (IAF), smarting from the heavy losses it had suffered from Soviet-built surface-to-air missiles (SAM) deployed by Egypt and Syria in the 1973 war, decided to turn to UAVs for use in surveillance, operations, and as decoys. The proof-of-concept came during the first Lebanon war, in 1982, when a combination of Israeli UAVs and fighter planes completely neutralized the Syrian air force and air defenses. The IAF shot down more than eighty Syrian planes and also destroyed thirty Syrian anti-aircraft missile batteries, with no air to air losses of its own.
Boy, did they get his hair...
The SEC, meanwhile, filed a parallel civil suit against Robert, which he settled in 1996 by agreeing to disgorge $667,000 in ill-gotten gains and prejudgment interest.
This world is forcing me
Soni Sori was arrested in Delhi on 4th October, 2011, where she had gone to seek legal assistance, fearing for her life after repeated harassment by the Chhattisgarh state police. Despite her pleas in the courts that she be held in Delhi, she was sent back to Chhattisgarh. After seeing preliminary indications that she had been tortured in police custody, the Supreme Court ordered an independent medical examination at NRS Medical College, Kolkata, where doctors found stones lodged in her vagina and rectum. In a series of letters written to the Supreme Court Advocate from jail, Sorirecounted how she was stripped, electrocuted, and physically and sexually tortured by the police.
The guests had Shirley Temples (the bottle of cherries was emptied) and pasta for dinner (in lieu of pizza). For favors, we handed out sunglasses and some keychain/jewelry craft sets Annika picked out for her friends.
Another part of the myth is the several set of stairs carved into the rock around the site , a quick email to the boffins at Elvina confirmed that these stairs were carved by E.F Gilford back in the 1930's.
One street, Spring Gardens, disappeared completely, though curiously its back street, Back Spring Gardens, still exists. Despite its pleasant-sounding name Spring Gardens was anything but spring-like and by the early-twentieth century it certainly contained nothing like any gardens. The name was no doubt accurate in the eighteenth century but as this picture shows it was a rather grey-looking urban street by 1908.
...THEN DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK!
Like yesterday, when I was eating my Turkey sandwich at lunch, I choked. HARD.
Some of my favorite parts have been colored in with sticky little hands......
It makes the old heart proud to think that all of us can have a little say in whether something like the BHAFC training and academy should be built on OUR public open space. It gives you a really warm feeling to know that your opinion is sought and considered. So it least if the majority of people want something that you didn’t, at least you had a say in the decision.
Identify potential improvements in work flow processingAssist with process and procedure documentation
“No,” I answered Brian, “You’re right. It’s not that easy. But if you’ll have me, I’m willing to work my ass off to make it up to you. I’m pretty good as a member of this team, you know it. If you want to monitor my every move, fine. Any restrictions you want to put on me, fine. I’ll even give up my pay from Coil and any jobs we do.”
This is the first installment in a series of life lessons I will be sharing with you all, because you are my children and I don’t dislike you. This series is inspired by my overwhelming desire to help my fellow man. I’m a giver and a saint. Sometimes I’m a little too humble, that’s my only flaw.
I'm tired. What I loved about this morning, what gave me such a good feeling, was how Shmulik realized what Aliza needed, when I couldn't. My patience failed, and her brother answered. It's impossible to be patient all the time, to find the right words, to say the right things. There are no perfect parents - or perfect children for that matter.
We got a large pizza last night – I ate half and he ate all of the other half minus one slice.
Many people who voted Tory in the 1980s were anti-Establishment and “saw part of the left as well as the right running that Establishment”. With a swipe at Oxbridge, the law, outdated parliamentary practice and a divided education system – of all of which he is a product – he complained that many Thatcherites had not wanted to bust, but to “buy out” the old regime.
Valentine's Day. Rather more manic than romantic for us this year....
That’s profoundly unfortunate, because it’s when overblown ambitions crash to the ground that hope in the true sense of the word is most needed. Behind the rise and fall of the New Age and the Evangelical movements stands the vaster rise and fall of another attempt to build Utopia here on Earth, the attempt we call industrial civilization. Right now, as the limits to growth tighten around us like a noose and an economy geared to perpetual expansion shudders and cracks in the throes of decline, one of the things that’s needed most is the willingness, in a time of gathering darkness, to locate what lamps can still be found, and light them. To return to the metaphor I offered earlier, we need to listen to the voice that tells us, "Honey, I’m really sorry, but Santa Claus isn’t coming this year"—and having heard that, and done whatever grieving we need to do, we need to draw in a deep breath, accept the hard fact, and get to work to spread at least a little light and warmth in a cold season.
If only handling the weight of being the top point guard in the state and most popular kid in school was as easy as ganking the undead.
This bluff overlooking the Hudson River was the bloodsoaked de facto destination for gentlemanly dueling. Early New Yorkers chose to duel there over the streets of the city, most likely to prevent the possibilities of harm to bystanders. But a secluded 'rural orchard' between Duane and Worth streets, west of Broadway, was the scene of an 1786 duel ending in the death of one of the participants.
Decluttering the cabinets that I just cluttered up by clearing off my counters (in my opinion this one should have been before the previous; but since I’m playing catch up, I get to do all these in the order I want–muhahahahaha). My dish cabinets are pretty ok. It’s the cabinet that I keep the food things in that is a nightmare. And my two kitchen drawers are also horrifying…or at least they were!
Takes about 20 minutes to make
Isn’t he the cutest?!
Hey Lawdy Mama
There was surprise when Prof Dawkins acknowledged that he was less than 100 per cent certain of his conviction that there is no creator.
What a GREAT Dragon Boat season we had this year. Coming home from every race with medals and stories to tell. I had bought a GoPro camera just in the middle of our dragon boat season and decided to document our training and races.
Our time was nothing special but, thanks to the following wind, we did the last three and a bit miles in nine minutes which gave us a good deal of simple satisfaction.
I loved the fact that also you are still learning more about the past of Harry and really the past of the night that Harry’s parents and himself met their fate. It was interesting to learn about who was really betraying who and who turns out to be the innocent ones involved.
He nodded again.
the naked truth can be ugly
1 x Wholemeal pitta bread
Step 1: Cut a line right down the center of the fabric and then cut the neck off. I kept the top seam around the neck in tact, so the entire piece did not stretch out all over the place.
27. The perfect nightcap?
My art class was a success this afternoon. I have been teaching an after school art class to 3-5 year olds every Friday. They sign up by the month. I have 13 kids for March. Never quite sure how my projects will evolve. I think my often lofty endeavors have my assistant nervous most Fridays. Today's project of painting bunnies (one shape to know- all ovals!) and then using chalk pastels to create a background of Easter eggs with dried glue resist that the bunnies got mounted on top of looked beautiful, and it filled the time perfectly. I never know how quickly they will speed through, or if I'm attempting something too complex. I often set the bar high, and they really rise to meet my expectations. Sometimes, I have to "dumb it down" a bit, but not today. It was a good one!
Jewelry should be silver, crystal, diamonds, but gold may be worn if the skin has an outer warm appearance.
All Massachusetts voters need to know, outside of the R or D next to the name, is this: Brown will vote for what he feels is in the best interest of the people, either with the Republican’s or the Democrats, as long as it works for Massachusetts – and he’ll take the flack – on the other hand, Warren will be a rubber stamp for the Obama Administration (should the Obama Administration be given a second shot at the nation). Do we really need more partisanship in Government, no matter how endearingly loopy the woman is?
Eva Joly, a Green Pod (double entendre) Presidential candidate in the French elections and a Norwegian (naturellement) expat, addressed the candidate of the “Party of Hate,” Marine Le Pen in these words :
She is in love with the devil, She is in love with ucifer
Hop in his walks, and gambol in his eyes,
I'll start with the controversial fake-bake a tan this week too. I still cover my face, but I decided fat with a little color is better than fish-belly-white fat! Speaking of fat ... dang, I HAVE to get this gain nipped in the bud. Between the vacations, holidays and Don's fabulous cooking, I've been fighting an uphill battle.
12. Liberty: 49-48 vs. Greenway
Instead of a walk this morning we decided to go watch some of the older age groups play up at Crigglestone – a walk would definately have been the warmer option – Summer Rugby – who are they kidding – it was warmer in November!!! On the plus side watching the rugby meant more practise with my camera – 3000 pictures I’ve taken this weekend- got some cracking shots, even if I do say so myself, and some bleeding awful ones – still practise makes perfect. Trouble is I think some people are starting to get a little bit sick of me taking random photos when they least expect – but they’re the best ones to take. They’ll thank me when I’m famous and photos of them are on show for all to see (A girl can dream)
It's Jonah Hex, older and all scarred up, but still Jonah Hex. Barstow panicks and starts to leave town, but then has a better idea. He decides to see if Jonah is just passing through and not looking to settle a score from 15 years ago. Barstow sends a telegram to Rod Webster to see if he can get some help.
At this time, I have 5 of my novels (originally mass market paperbacks, one of which, DUSHAU, won the Romantic Times Award for Science Fiction) up on Amazon Kindle (but nowhere else), as an experiment in self-publishing.
But the closest I've come to what might be called craft examples of native German styles are often the manufacturers of Bio beers. There is a Bio shop in town which has become my haven when my stock of foreign beers has dried up. A broad minded German beer shop might have a ratio of 90:9:1, meaning 90% Bavarian beer, 9% non-Bavarian or national brands, and 1% foreign beer (some Czech pils, and a Guiness if they're particularly cosmopolitan). A typical one though might have a ratio of 95:5:0.
ME: "Cool, I'll book some gigs."
She dropped her coat over her chair. Threw her keys on the same table she had for the past 15 years. Next to the picture of them in full wedding get-up in front of the huge stained glass window she just had to have their picture in front of, with the sun shining through. It was a beautiful picture.
Well right about that same time she also started to exhibit some concerning behaviors....she started practically refusing to latch on to eat...she would cry, scream and arch her back at about half of her feedings...really acting as though she was in pain....then at my 6 week midwife appointment they weighed her and she had not even gained a pound yet from her birth weight!! My midwives were a bit concerned...we all kinda thought it was a "producing" problem, so they gave me some crazy voodoo breastfeeding tea and prescribed an avocado a day to put fat on Violet. Well I was producing like crazy...but she was still struggling during feeding times! Then the breaking point came....one Thursday at playgroup, she was hungry, I was "full" so I went to latch her on and she screamed at the top of her lungs for 10 minutes while I tearfully just prayed for her to latch on to eat!...only for her to finally latch on for a whole 2 minutes!! Then that afternoon the same thing happened! it was 3pm and she had hardly eaten anything! no wonder she wasn't gaining much weight!! so out of desperation, I frantically pulled my pump out wash all the parts as quickly as I could (i had a crying hungry baby on my hands!!) and pumped for 5 minutes...I got 4oz and offered Violet her very first bottle...she latched on and ate not even one ounce, before coming off and crying again and out of complete exhaustion falls fast asleep. While she slept I got right on the phone with a lactation consultant...after talking though everything with her, she conclude that it wasn't a latching issue...Violet had reflux!!! Actually "Silent Reflux"...she is not one to spit up like a typical reflux baby would...so that's where the silent part comes from. I called my doctor right away...she agreed that it sounded just like reflux and called her in a script that night!!! Ever since being on this medicine she has had not one feeding issue, and just a couple of "reflux episodes" when I get a behind on her meds. We will know for sure next week at her 2 month appointment...but I think she has really started to pack on the pounds too!!! :) I hate hate hate that nursing, something that is should be a source of comfort had been such a source of pain for her first few weeks of life but ohhhh what a relief it was to figure that out!!
7 – Mirror Mirror – £437.356 – £6.627.586
How has this internal dialogue shifted the trust in yourself? Chances are you believe what your mind is telling you. You have developed self-limiting beliefs about yourself.
She now uses the phrase “Come With Guy.” I was her come with guy today when we tanned in the backyard. Hilarious!
Most of us have at least one bio floating around the internet in the form of a profile. I've lost count of how many I have. Like me, they aren't consistent. My Twitter bio is one of my favorites, but I'm not about to have that on my LinkedIn profile. Of course, google Lisa Golden twitter and voila! Now you know that everything they said about me in high school was true.
3. All winners have 48 hours to respond with full contact information by email. Be sure that you do this so you don't get skipped. If the winner does not respond in 48 hours then a new winner will be chose.
Xu Guan’s mind was numb. The fine line between hallucinations and reality had been erased days before. Frequently, he would see his mother standing by the side of the road weeping and waving at him with a colorful scarf in her hand. His mother had always enjoyed colorful scarves, Xu Guan recalled as he tripped over a crack in the road and nearly fell to his knees.
Now sure, there’s ways to prompt that gamers be banned and accounts pulled – but that’s not what I’m asking for either. All I’m asking for is a sense of understanding, and some maturity on the part of my fellow gamer. We have to start being aware that the millions of players around us on these online servers come from ALL walks of life. They may be homosexual, bi-sexual, black, white, disabled, etc. and guess what?
I'm trying to keep tabs on as many of you as I can. I'm so happy to hear Josey had a healthy little girl. And LisaL got a great 3rd beta. And Maria... I just have no words to describe how hopeful I am for you right now. I also got nominated for all of these awards in the last couple of weeks - I promise to come back for that very soon.
3/4 cup sugar, divided
on his empty red trolley.
Among the successes that Grant writes about was the Akron, Canton & Youngstown, which became a viable short-line road that lasted until its 1964 merger with the Norfolk & Western Railway. Much of the former AC&Y, which was headquartered in Akron, still remains in service today as the modern Wheeling & Lake Erie Railway.
A miniature book from Queen Mary's dollhouse-- a story by cartoonist Fougasse about a fairy called Joe Smith--is to be published (in an edition large enough to read)
Dean Walker (English Democrats) 222 (13.1%)
Website: www.burlingtonedfoundation.org
I have 4, maybe 5 unfinished novels buried on my hard drive. Upon further examination none of these failed starts deal with love.
1 impacts--would
We are also saying goodbye to ELAINE as real work gets out of hand and her craft time is
(I also criticized the recent executive grab for power by Eric Holder.)
Try to be inventive and surprise us. Hopefully your posts will be at least 100 words to show that you really put some kind of effort into your post. But if all you do normally is post a quote, then keep it in the alphabet theme. Don't worry about subject matter-- this will work for absolutely any blog. If you only post about food or animals or crafts or whatever, you can come up with alphabetized themes.
I’m more in love with him every day. This change in my life has been so uplifting that I am able to really see the good things that I have, and one of them if my boyfriend. I am happier than I have ever been (with him, but also with my life in general).
The issues I have that stem from that time would fill a book, but most importantly I was angry. I couldn’t get angry at the therapists because they would have doped me up and locked me away in a clinic, and not let me out when I was better (the lack of rights patients have after being sectioned under the Mental Health Act is terrifying – if you appeal and the shrink ignores it, you’ve got no right to appeal for six months no matter what). I was furious at my parents, but I didn’t want to express it.
THE WORLD IS CRUEL
Berle
If you are living according to the Word, abiding and delighting in the
There was something I wanted to say
Phase I-
MOVIE OR MINI-SERIES
He stepped inside into the shimmering fluorescent light and Bing got clearer and much louder. The mixture of heat and the smell of the place hit him just as hard as the cold had. At least three separate television shows were blaring against the music making a mash-up of disjointed noise. As he was taking off his jacket he looked over at a woman in a wheelchair propped up against the wall. Her ventilator making its whooshing sound as it mechanically kept her alive. Her head was back and her eyes were wide, staring up to the lights. Her mouth was open and a dried up tongue vibrated with each breath. She didn?t look at him, and for that he was thankful. He started on his way to the main desk when he almost ran into by an old man when turning the corner.
If you haven’t met Ana Flores of Spanglishbaby yet, let me introduce you to one of our favorite bloggers. Ana Flores is truly a child of two worlds. Born in Houston to parents from El Salvador, Ana grew up in El Salvador until she headed back to the U.S. to attend the University of Florida and receive a Bachelor in Telecommunications-Production. Since then she has worked as television and entertainment producer, with a specialty in the U.S. Hispanic industry, both in the U.S. and in México.
For medium term planning the URA also has a Master Plan, which details statutory land use and guides Singapore’s development over a ten to fifteen year period. The Master Plan renders the broad strategies outlined in the Concept Plan into detailed permissible land use and density plans for developments in Singapore. It is reviewed every five years and the last Master Plan was completed in 2008.
Actually the reason people attack the teachers unions – besides of course the PR campaigns of the privatizers – is the fact that the teachers unions are Easy Targets.
Of all the misery his mind compiled,
The cards are presented with black and white scans, a discussion of the card, and the imagery used, upright and reversed keywords, and traditional divinatory meanings. Short quotes are used throughout the book, many from one of my favorite people, Joseph Campbell.
Well, that grieves me, Santa. Were we, or were we not, granted statehood in 1959? And more importantly, I really need that rare grass/heather/salvia/what-have-you and it’s just not to be found here in old A.K. I’m sure Hawaiian gardeners know how I feel. They are nursery shipping outcasts as well. Aloha!
I adore royal blue, so when I saw this skirt I just had to snatch it up. This skirt also came in bright yellow, but unfortunately I couldn’t find it in my size – otherwise you would have been seeing double!
Secret societies are interesting solely because of their secrecy. In reality, they probably just meet up to play darts and discuss their irregular bowel movements with other balding, middle aged men. In all likeliness, it’s possibly just a golf club with a large sense of worth.
Even a 25 cent notebook can carry a testimony of God's work in your life.
Maxine pulled out a condom rapper. It was ripped, sans one condom. I had a look of shock on my face. Maxine was moving on into adulthood, and I was staying behind. However, I wanted to make sure that she knew about contraceptives and was smart about having sex. I drove her to Planned Parenthood and took her to Target to buy condoms. I did not know much about sex from personal experience, but I knew enough about contraceptives to keep my friend safe.
Alone and smitten by pavement,
This is not ‘Corporate’ publishing: Insite Law will host all these resources but the authors will retain copyright and be responsible for production and updating. Each resource will be free, cover the law in depth, be up to date and link to BAILLI reports and other free resources on the net where appropriate. I am writing a Tort text in the same style as my Contract and Sale resources and will publish in instalments, aiming to have a complete resource by December. The other writers – all experienced practitioners, will do the same. Recorded lectures will accompany the text, case and news resources. These are all FREE to the user for personal use, but will be sponsored by advertisers who wish to participate. Advertising will be discreet and be limited to law schools, law firms, chambers, publishers, service suppliers to the legal profession and bookshops. The resources, particularly the updating service, may be of interest and value to practitioners.
The chapbook will officially be released in July but Megan was nice enough to let me read an advanced copy, since I had heard her talk about the project and couldn’t wait to get my hands on it. I was intrigued by the subject matter. Women murderers? Executed? There are so many different ways a writer could approach such a topic; each way would influence the stories being told, and I wondered how Megan would handle it. Would she judge the murderers, have sympathy for them, give them voices, give their victims voices, or merely report the facts?
24 - clovers - rotten cocksuckers ball
makes me want to throw away my phone and keep my computer off.
Let’s talk about you Katie. What made you want to get into the world of film in the first place?
Offer: 1 mile per dollar spent, including port charges, government fees, and taxes
Out of this context, I paraphrase Frank Herbert’s Dune: I will face my fear and let my fear pass through me for fear is the mind-killer.
Ruddinn is a one-piece band starring Bertel Ólafsson, who squeezes pop, rock, indie and electro into the blender at his home studio in Hafnarfjörður. The result is a strange cocktail of ‘80s electronica with guitars. On this third album, ‘I Need A Vacation,’ the monotonous voice of einzelgänger Ruddinn is accompanied by the distinct voice of Heiða Eiríks (known for her work with Unun and now Hellvar). With the exception of two songs that lack the female touch, the male and female voices balance well over the nine track album. The album sounds like Unun attending an ‘80s Britpop party with The Human League, New Order and Pet Shop Boys, remixed by the GusGus of the ‘90s. My favourite songs on the record are ‘Too Distant For Us,’ ‘Cover The Distance’ and the title track, ‘I Need A Vacation.’ This is definitely Ruddinn’s best album so far.
And then I started dating my guy…
On the Home screen, click the connections area at the top of the screen, or click the Manage Connections icon. Click a network connection to clear the checkbox.
Today's giveaway - a super cute (I think, anyway) ring. The face is slightly bigger than a quarter, and it's on an adjustable ring base, so you can fit it to your size.
This legislation is indeed constitutional.
But I did remember this photo I’d taken several years ago with an older digital camera. The photo itself is a little grainy, but I like the interplay of the two birds in this one. The crow was really dive bombing the hawk and you can see a few feathers missing in one wing. But the hawk didn’t divert from its circling on the rising wind, and I presume the crow eventually lost interest.
That argument lacks foundation. Do you really think other people care about what music you like - other than the artists who are trying to sell it to you? Look, I write 50 or so music reviews a year. I listen to thousands of new artists and releases and point out just a few. I get a half-dozen comments a year from readers in response to my reviews. I write because I’m vain and love to share my love of music, even if no one cares or listens. I’m in no position to tell you to favor Lynwood Slim and the Igor Prado Band over Brian Setzer, Modern Day Moonshine over The Doobie Brothers or Heavy Glow over Steve Vai, or any other artist or recording over any other. I wouldn’t dare say to you that James Cotton’s 2010 return - “Giant” is better than any other Blues harmonica album in the past decade. You have to find out for yourself.
“@SkyNewsBreak: News Corp: We have already confronted and have acted on the failings documented in the report.”
of the church to a political party, the message of the church is being compromised, that in our desire to change our country politically, we have become less and less relevant and soon no one will listen.
they are my two new adopted welsummer hen sisters and they seem right at home, already. i named these girls ada and mildred in honor of two old sisters that i knew as a kid. you see, both of my folks were from lynchburg, virginia and on our many trips to see family we would stop at ada and mildred's rambling old farmhouse. i have no idea how my parents came to know these two women, one widowed and one a spinster, but i remember their house was green, old, smelled of body odor, bacon grease and full of beautiful antiques. they also produced the most tasty sweet and butter milks, as well as the most adorable boston terrier pups ever. my parents bought it all, the antiques, milks and puppies. what characters these two wonderfully large bosomed, shift wearing ladies were. they were the most eclectic coupla of old hens i have ever met. we loved exploring their old farm as kids on our visits. heck, my brother kevin even manage to rack up a few foot stitches courtesy of one of their rusty pitchforks on one trip! ow! can you say tetanus shot?
This would never work on gorillas, but I believe it’s highly effective on juvenile humans, the technique having been perfected in countless school playgrounds. One to be applied with caution and commonsense, I feel.
Don’t worry it’s normal
“Spain faces formidable challenges, especially concerning youth unemployment,” European Union Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn told lawmakers at the European Parliament in Strasbourg Wednesday.
Today's layout is very special to me as it is an old friend that I met on the "DoCrafts Atc Forum" who sadly passed away just before Christmas. We were great room mates on several of the "Luffy Meets" and had some great laughs........as you can imagine when scrapping this layout a few tears were shed.
Mary has made the best choice, something that can’t be taken away.”
This is a massive loss to the Rebels as they have just lost fly-half Danny Cipriani who is returning toEnglandimmediately to join Sale Sharks as well as James O’Connor who is out for 6 weeks.
Up front and down Greenman-Gregory. Simply incredible morning with the rising sun shining brilliantly on the newly-gilded landscape. Ran every step of the way down and it was the most fun I've had in months--floating through powder and visiting trails that I haven't seen since before I broke my leg.
Or take a film like Kubrick’s The Shining (1980), in which one can open a door and see a forbidden sexual act from the past. Such a spatialization of time transforms setting as much as it transforms plot. For example, as Deleuze has argued, we see such a device employed in Resnais’ Last Year at Marienbad (1961), in which the multi-doored hotel room spatializes time, each room holding what Deleuze calls separate ‘sheets of the past,’ even as the characters seem to jump between points of the present which never seem to line up with each other into a coherent flow.
Now, anyone who reads this blog on a weekly basis will have automatically assumed my opinion would lie in favour of the proposal. However, you'd be wrong. I'm actually on the fence. Without wanting this to sound too much like an unbiased pamphlet review, I'm going to discuss the pros and cons for the proposal, although I can list more pros than cons because the cons all come from con artists like Brake.
Miss Moussie dropped her spoon and before you could say cheerio...she was gone....disappearing under the doormat....through the crack in the wall....off to her birds nest...Leaving Mt C and our Dutchess sitting there in wonder what to expect next...
9. Collect on your bets about who won the Board elections.
before ending with an other round of plain knitting.
those who looked forward to miracles.
Don't stop trying.
Stood up looked at me with a nod
This was apparently the most famous story here, and I can see why. Sometimes it’s a little off, and I really hate the main character’s attitude towards the female lead – “you should forget all about your family’s deaths because I say so!” – but the atmosphere is excellently macabre, the lighting is theatrical and showy in that great old-school horror style and Karloff and the vampires around him are all really well done. It’s a really cool flick, and well worth your time.
Personally, and you may be shocked to hear this, I was an early swearer. In much the same way as I do not remember not breathing or not reading, I do not remember a time when, having been once again fucked over by the world, I did not feel the need to turn the air blue. Where I learned all these wonderful words remains something of a mystery to. There was no profanity on telly when I was eight, not like today with your frackin' this and your frackin' that, and my raising grandmother's most filthy phrase was "Jesus, Mary and Joseph". Nobody at school spoke to me so it seems unlikely that I picked it up there. In truth, I believe I was born with a motherfucker already blossoming upon my lips.
But foreigners are not to blame for long-term joblessness. During the boom years, Britain welcomed immigrant workers because there were no British workers willing to do many jobs.
The two individuals had been taking part in a “multiday event to castrate and dock the tails of 1500 lambs,” and were the only two to come down with the infection. Further investigation by the Wyoming Department of Health found this alarming tidbit:
PAC-MAN may require an update to the latest firmware (Cupcake v1.5)
Ooh, I love a rainy night
There are many differences in Tina's journey and my own, but a lot of similarities, too. I know exactly how Tina feels as she stumbles over her words to respond to her daughters when they try to understand why their father doesn't show up for visitations, or says or does things that no mother should have to explain. I know how she feels when she wishes for a manual to guide her through this. The circumstances are different, but the feelings and desires for our daughters are very much the same.
I've tried journaling, but need a little more to push my firsties through this last quarter.
I’m still looking for a good 24-hour café (I am, indeed, a Denver-noob. Get over it or help me find one) but now that I work at 7:30 am sharp Monday through Friday there’s nothing that comforts me more than an intoxicatingly warm Americano on my way into that cold, heartless office. That’s how I started: simple. Two to three shots of espresso in hot water, please, because for some reason, it tastes better than regular coffee, even though it’s just less-strong mass-produced roasted espresso.
It was a wonderful afternoon and the main thing was we raised some money!
The Garmin GPSmap 478 GPS Receiver truly shows just how good a product the good folks at Garmin are making these days. If you are in the market for a GPS for your boat, why not get the Garmin GPSmap 478 GPS Receiver because this GPS is fully portable and has WAAS enabled, 12 parallel channels.
I got the idea from 4th grade frolics vocabulators. At her site she refers to Melissa Forney's site where you can order the jars. This site used it with Language Arts... this didn't help me because I teach primarily math and science. So, I turned it into mathulators. Check out the pictures:
3. We are strengthened with all power according to God’s glorious might
CHRR – کمیته گزارشگران حقوق بشر-
The colors in this shoe are perfect with black and all shades of brown and white, and who doesn't own clothes those colors, right? The pointy toe makes them a bit more dressy for wearing with skirts, and of course the flat heel makes walking more comfortable.
Soon after this, I was off to see a 30 year-old man who was fitting in the street. There were major demonstrations taking place in Central London, so things were getting tight, in terms of getting to and from places. This man, a street-dweller, was close to where everything was kicking off. As a result, after I’d carried out basic obs and got him into the car, a demo of about 200 people streamed past me. The police cordoned me into the pavement and the ambulance I had requested was stuck at the end of the slow-moving procession. It seemed ridiculous; although this patient was stable enough (he was shaking in the ‘I might have a fit’ fashion but it was mostly under his own control), if he’d gone into cardiac arrest I would have been hard pushed to get reinforcements to me in time.
Has your client naively delayed or changed the shoot brief impacting on your costs, or is there a delay in merchandise supply, which means you can’t complete the shoot?
Sounds familiar I know,it’s the mere truth.I met you a long long time ago,you were lost in the world I got lost too.
PRETTY AMY by Lisa Burstein will be out May 15 in paperback and e-book from Entangled Teen.
1 ignoble
Now for a quick history lesson. The peplum originates from the ancient Greek garment peplos. A peplos is a floor length gown worn by women in ancient Greece; it had a rectangular fabric folded inside-out from the top crating an appearance of a second piece of clothing. The ancient garment is making a comeback, and what better place than film’s greatest night. For more on the peplos check out this website, http://bit.ly/78G4r
Marlene frowned. I definitely didn’t like where this conversation was going. Making a silly doll for Junior was one thing, but the way Riva put it, this could actually put us in a spotlight glittering with trouble just over the stupid superstition of it.
Grandparents Plus has launched an interactive video entitled “Who would you choose for me?” to highlight the issue. It features a girl who cannot live with her parents and must either be raised by her grandparents or placed with an adoptive family. The viewer gets the chance to decide how her story should end.
She rushes.
Maybe we need to be more aware and start differentiating between temporal and infinite. Maybe we need to invest in understanding eternity a little more, seeking a Revelation of eternity that manifests as application for today.
The elliptical hinged top raised on circular tapering legs ending in casters. Height 29 1/2 inches (74.9 cm), width 53 inches (1.35 m), depth 26 1/2 inches (67.3 cm).
Email: ryano@thetwocentscorp.com
I just spoke with Rebecca at madelinetosh and they are going to get some yarn shipped to me very soon-hopefully next week. Vintage, sock and merino light. Not all the colours of merino light that we are out of but a good start
Recently, I asked Eckhart to say a few words on the ego’s search for “love relationships.” our conversation quickly went deeper to touch upon some of the most profound aspects of human existence.Here’s what he said:
Another time an even bigger boss came in and said
In fact, in a way, it felt like a bit of luxury to have someone read my work for errors since that's what I am constantly doing for my students.
Opened in 1982 and closed by 2009 with nearly thirty wonderful years of life.
Next week on Thursday, I am flying out to Little Rock, Arkansas for the SDE’s Kindergarten Conference there. I am hoping to see a few of you there! If you are a blog reader and will be there, please come up and introduce yourself! I would love to meet you!
Now, I should make it clear that I am an interest rate and currency guy not an equity guy. I think this has a certain impact on the way I view the world, or perhaps I am an interest rate and currency guy because of this view. Let me explain – in a broad sense, bond guys are usually more interested not with the return ON their money but the return OF their money. So we tend to see the black clouds, indeed we are trained to see black clouds because as bond holders when the black clouds come and interest rates rally (fall) we make capital gains as the value of our bonds appreciates.
Spice Rub.
Jerry Lewis once said, after severing relations with a son who sold family secrets to a tabloid, “Love hard, hate hard.” That I understand. If I love you, you’re my God. Nothing comes above you. If I hate you, then there’s not enough hours in the day for me to get back at you, not enough bags of shit that I can dump on top of your head.
**Now keep in mind that everytime you connect to Amazon wirelessly to download, it will restore the updated settings. So, if you're away from your computer and have to go direct through the website, just know you'll have to restore the settings later. If you have access to your computer, then you can do what I do:
He derided “imperialist forces” that want to rule Zimbabwe and took issue with the way Libya was dealt with by the United Nations (UN) and Nato.
Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy’s government was responding to a question posed last week in Parliament by United Left, or IU, spokesman Jose Luis Centella.
Many other passages show that the apostles and early disciples viewed Jesus as ruling as king in their day, several of which quote Psalm 110 for support. Here are but a few (all quoted from the New World Translation, 1971 ed.):
For far too many years, the State Department has proven itself incapable of coherent foreign policy. Consequently, no one who endorses the concept of responsible stewardship is able to conclude American diplomats warrant our confidence. No wonder there is so much anger directed at the American people from around the world. They view us as insufferable because that is how the State Department portrays us. Our diplomats place all Americans in jeopardy.
To be honest, I’m not really in a good position to answer that. In regards to mass pop music, I’m clueless, I hardly listen to the mainstream radios or TV. However, I do think that there is a great underground Soul and Afro presence and keep my ears tuned to that. Bands like Third Coast Kings, Deep Street Soul and all the stuff Record Kicks is putting out is feeding me nowadays.
The bad ones already are too big, the movies are moving much too fast.
Ok, back to packing...
- Put together s'mores kits (scroll down, totally worth it), but make the marshmallows from scratch, and use the Smitten Kitchen recipe. Andrew and I were asked to recall a favorite memory in birth class last week, and it's remarkable how much we enjoy something as simple as making s'mores in the backyard with friends.
Oh - HERE it is - it looks like someone made it up or heard it said - but its a fun thought - hope it pans out to be true one day. This would be a fun twist on history!And to be honest, its a fascinating subject, but I am very ignorant of a great deal of knowledge on the subject - well, we all are, since there is very little that has been passed down. It all died when they died. Just not into much revival stuff..........unless it has to do with costuming.
Adam Johnson’s The Orphan Master’s Son
What's in the tickle trunk you say? Why that would be my belts and bags. This chest was one of those items that were here before we were, and was a must keep item. It has character.
Dean Elledge, D.D.S., M.S. (USA)
That means no such luxuries as corpse identification, death certificates or even a prayer for the dead. What’s important right now, is to worry about the survivors, especially those still trapped, the injured, the starving and the homeless.
I didn't tell the mother what my appointment was for... No one else needed to know that I was meeting one of my oldest friends, Robin, for a cupcake, coffee, and communion at the Sugar Magnolia, a cute little cupcake cafe on State of the Steelers Avenue in My Small Town's up and coming downtown area. It wasn't a secret; and it was well-past my contract time... but still... 3:30 is a bit early to leave work. My usual departure time is about four. I made an exception for Robin. She had suggested the 3:30 meeting time, and to be honest, I couldn't wait.
Mighty heroes killing for culture
One, VBS was last week. I taught third grade with my good friend, Grace. It's always a fun week of chaos that is often hard for this structured schoolteacher to manage. Somehow, we made it through -- even with 31 kids in the classroom! The theme was "I Spy," so I've had the Pink Panther theme song in my head ever since.
Am I glad to see you! Why you're almost a stranger.
Know what else is fun? If I flip a circuit - the only access to the fuse box is in the basement - which is only accessable through the first floor apartment. So, if I do flip something, I will be at the mercy of my neighbor...or my landlord...who still has not called me back.
Silencing the raucous City supporters will have been close to the top of the United to-do list and the defending champions were able to settle quickly in the opening minutes.
When I was developing this recipe, I made it 4 billion times – tweaking things here and there until I got it the way I liked it. I can now say that I'm officially SICK of bread pudding and I never want to taste or smell peanut butter again. This leads me to a story.
In a small pan, sauté scallions and garlic in 1 Tbsp of olive oil until slightly brown. Remove from heat, drain oil, set aside.
Friday is a big day for the morning show, as Guy and Co. have been promoting a $15,000 shopping spree for the last month or so a lot over the air, and the winner will be announced and have 98 minutes to spend said money at West County Mall late in the afternoon.
I'm thrilled to be part of the cover reveal for Lisa Burstein's PRETTY AMY! I've been an online friend of Lisa's throughout her agent search and submission, and now at last, her funny YA contemporary is being released by Entangled Teen May 15, 2012. WOOHOO!
As I said before, kids these days have absolutely no sense of what respect is, and it’s a crying shame. It’s about time someone steps up to the plate and teaches their kid some respect, even if it requires going to these measures. Now, I probably wouldn’t have shot the laptop (I’d have sold it, myself), but I’ll stand by him. It was his money after all.
So….at around the third or fourth track on my iPod, I opened my eyes. The elderly lady sitting on the priority seating opposite was looking across at us laughing. Actually chortling as though something had really hit her funny bone bless her. I looked at my daughters. One was sitting holding her crystal up to the light and studying it. The other was wriggling in her seat. I removed my earpieces to be greeted with……
The result of our conversation ended up as a story in the San Diego Union Tribune on January 10, in the local section, with the headline “Man’s mission is getting us all to be grateful”.
CASTAWAY DREAMS
(and mine is still living), I love the
The next section discusses issues after an electrical blackout has taken hold: determining the scope of disaster, communications that will still be operational after a blackout, controlling traffic jams, travel advice, the threat from accidental electrocution, emergency call centers, reducing electrical surge loads, loss of water, perishable food, loss of indoor electrical or gas ranges, fires and carbon monoxide poisoning, frozen water pipes, surviving climate extremes without electricity, inoperative toilets, tall buildings, neighborhood watches, critical computer infrastructure, national guards, riots, conservation and relocation.
A lot of things happen as a result of being in an energy deficit for an extended period of time, one of which is feeling like an absolute slug at times.
Of course the fact that the Nazis were down with removing people’s reproductive choices (whether through taking away their ability to have children or by applying immense pressure to have as many as possible, depending on one’s race/ethnicity) never seems to get much of a mention. The irony might provide some kind of personal insight, and we can’t have that.
Coincidentally enough, Jordan's Special Operations Forces Exhibition is also taking place.
My favoritest record store is Mystery Train Records on North Pleasant Street in Amherst, Massachusetts. I’m told they’ve since moved a little up the street and now have a two-story building (they used to be a basement store), and that the atmosphere just isn’t the same. I’ve also gotten some of my albums from B-Side Records and Dynamite Records in Northampton, and from the Albany and Saratoga branches of Last Vestige Records in New York. A few I’ve gotten from eBay.
I mean, I DO have legs, I am in decent (not great) shape, and can manage to glide myself around on the (flat) cross country tracks. I'm not saying I am a good cross country skiier, and I get terrified on a downhill slope, but I have done it a few times. I'm willing to give it another go.
After our tour, we drove across town to Church Brew Works. Here we were greeted by Brant, the head brewer, and given a quite thorough tour of the facility and a great presentation on the brewing process. We even got to see the yeast lab. After a brief taster, it was time to wrestle through rush hour traffic and head back home.
On a slightly lighter note, several people have come a cropper on Tower Bridge - especially in the early days when, in an impulse that I completely understand, it was popular to try to leap across whilst the bridge was being opened. One of them, the famous Clerkenwell deep sea diver Benjamin Fuller, leapt in such a grand act of derring do that he ended up swimming with the fishes - a deep sea dive from which he sadly never surfaced.
6. Fold HALF the egg whites into the egg yolk mixture.
Here's the link, scroll down to get to the bit where you vote, I'm number nine.
This early hour lingers at my thigh, while your sunlight
Legos
There have definitely been plenty of times where I have disregarded my PSP all together. My main problems have been with the shower. I am not a fan of the army shower (if I was, I would have joined the army). It has seemed like to much of a hassle in the mornings to monitor and time myself for every shower. I have pretty much failed this and switched over to just ball-parking my times. I am pretty sure most of them are longer than three minutes too. As far as the other pieces go, I have been doing very well, I like not having the extra dishes. Now if there are cups in the sink, there is no question about who they are… My roommates cannot even try to pin that on me! The water bottle is great, I always have water, I have been drinking more, and I am not using/buying countless water bottles at the store, saving me money and sanity (I think that bottled water is the most ridiculous thing one can spend their money on).
Open Book: I’ve never met Anna Quindlen, but I feel like I know her through her books and novels, and having looked at a series of pictures of her at different ages in the current issue of More magazine, I know we sort of look alike, except for our noses. And having read her over the years, I know we share remarkably similar interests and views. So much so that after reading a NetGalley digital copy of Lots of Candles, Plenty of Cake (Random House), I bought two hardcover copies — one for my college roommate for her birthday, and one for me just because.
“Oh… Right,” Derrek stood slowly, and made his shaking legs move forward.
Not quite the stories you want to be telling your toddler before bed.
Here are 10 other items for which you should (almost) never pay more than $0.50:
I am looking for more crock pot/slow cooker recipes so please post your family favorites, or you can always email them to me and I will post them as I put them in the menu.
In another bowl, beat together the egg, vanilla, milk and melted butter. Then stir this mixture into the dry ingredients along with the mashed banana until just combined, avoiding over-mixing. The mixture should be lumpy but with no traces of dry flour. Divide the mixture evenly between the paper cases.
Mummy; ‘What did you say to Mummy that made her so very sad?”
I don’t know about you, but hearing Edith Piaf bereft of her French /R/ has the same effect on me as experiencing a kräftskiva in English. Which I did, before I learned to speak Swedish, to later find out what I had been missing in English.
23Now because of this you are cursed, and you will for ever be our servants, cutting wood and getting water for the house of my God.
“Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will.”
“By combining EPAC’s groundbreaking digital book manufacturing technologies with our years of print experience, Ingram will take the promise of print-on-demand to the next level,” said John R. Ingram, Chairman of the Board, Ingram Content Group. “We believe that print on demand is a growing part of the future of the physical book. As more publishers invest in new ways to get content to readers, this transaction will allow Ingram to serve more publishers with the digital print solutions they need today and tomorrow.”
Until you see my name in print I will try and remember to tote my camera to work and document some of the beauties I have been turning out. Do you have any interest? Would you rather see what comes out of our kitchen here at home? I am open to any and all feedback.
I wish that I had someone tell me that these jumbled most random thoughts were normal.....
Scoop the mixture out onto an edged baking sheet, lined with parchment paper or a silpat.
two tbsp of granola, 6-8 blackberries. Picture #2: 2 Whole Wheat
Feathers – From exploited and slaughtered birds. Used whole as ornaments or ground up in shampoos. (See Down and Keratin.)
by David Wells
By Natasha L. Foreman, MBA
the other, it doesn't feel right. I can't just
o Presbyterian Hospital Charlotte, Charlotte, NC – Heart Failure Gold Plus
“We don’t fool the tourists with beer and commercial music. Our offer is clear: we invite people who understand their roots, recognizing that they have questions, in a way which respects tradition and nature.
4. Start on a shoestring
Lady, your baby will be blind.
ISBN-13: 978-1616384807
Cornwell, Patricia. Predator. New York: Putnam & Sons, 2005.
His mind was broken by the sight. His body by the fall.
My Aunt Okie at “94 and Still Writing” for the wonderful poetry she has written and continues to write. (I put this site together, but all of the writing is hers….she’s remarkable…btw, she’s 95 now and just decided it’s time to learn….algebra….so has started that now, too! )
Blessed be!
Another example Maestripieri provides involves the primate/human correlation of the naturalness of nepotism.
Himachal Pradesh is an accretion of the most excellent options like quest hill stations, pilgrimage and immense panorama to woo your heart. The cool air and the clean ambiance will alleviate you of all your worries and will allow you to explore the various cities of Himachal and enjoy its scenic vista. You can explore the various cities like Shimla, Manali, Kufri, Chamba, mc Leodganj, Kullu, Dalhousie, chail, Bilaspur, Palampur Tiger reserve, Kasauli, Dharamshala, Kinnaur as these famous cities will take you along the nature’s journey.
The survey provides many statistics that indicate that this trend is heading for an upswing, including a finding that 60% of technology and telecoms firms report an increase in licensing compared with the previous decade, and 70% report fewer obstacles to reaching such agreements.
End of term is coming up in the next few weeks and I had to make a call: spend time updating a blog or get work/rest done. Obviously you know which I chose.
JR: What are you going to study?
i'm totally into the blue of this apple shaped dish. i need a "fruit bowl" for my counter, and this one is in the final line-up:
Our dedication to made by hand mixes can at
Good? Good. Let’s go.
And yet we continue to point fingers at diet ads and magazine spreads, with media sensationalism leading to overdiagnosis and cyclical misunderstanding: television specials tout poor body image and “out-of-control diets” as indicative of anorexia, and concerned mothers rush their daughters in for diagnosis. Superficially, some meet the criteria; in treatment, they profess a need to be beautiful, lending ex post facto evidence to the media’s suppositions. Sufferers of “classical” anorexia, inundated with the message that culture drives the disorder, sometimes blame the beauty myth as well. And scores of celebrities, non-ED’d dieters, and bloggers proclaim past “battles” with eating disorders based on weight loss and “wanting to be beautiful”. Hardly anyone bothers to learn that most of these “recovered” women never met diagnostic criteria in the first place, instead having dieted briefly or suffered low self-esteem. And yet everyone hears anorexia and beauty and thin in the same sentence, followed by recovery and inner beauty and health in the next.
i thought i'd talk about vol 1 first since this will be a picture heavy post (hmm...which posts of mine arent picture heavy?!)
はち：第一章は識字率のイルージョン？
-burpees with a pushup at the bottom
A friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an abomination – Lev. 11:10, it is a lesser abomination than homosexuality. I don’t agree. Can you settle this?
We discussed whether she should sew it up and make it into a lamp shade or just pull it out and start over. She chose the latter and I showed her how to frog. I then showed her how to avoid making trapezoids and she thanked me for being such a fun, positive teacher.
6) Write a blog post about this giveaway and link me to it in your comment - (2 entries)
Questions ‘The Return’ left us with: What is this ‘illness’ August has? And, if he’s not from the fairy tale world/not Mr. Gold’s son, then how does he know about the curse and where is Mr. Gold’s real son?
And that’s not remotely meant to be rude - I have nothing against today or any other Friday!
1 tablespoon lemon zest
LABEL: Epitaph
I ended up sending most of those back, I kept a few and ordered some more "one size" diapers - since they do work and are the most cost effective - since they last the longest!
Why carry on without me
A very important race is tomorrow...
Media: Promarkers and Flexmarkers;
Recipe from The Royal Cook - an original!
We are migrants from
Jager Hollow Primitives
I know it must seem I have abandoned my blog
Clarissa Dalloway is throwing a party in her home. First though she has a day of errands to prepare. As she goes about her day she bumps into friends from her past and even old flames. This causes her to reflect on her past and wonder what would have been or whether she made the right decisions in life.
* Give me all your moneyz.
That is what this Iconic Legend was to all of us. Not only to my baby boomer generation but the ones that followed. So many entertainers owe their careers to Dick Clark and what he did for Rock and Roll and its image, forever changing my parents generation minds on the artists who played it and their kids who fell in love with it.
These handmade crocheted ornaments are so very dear to me. I think they were the last thing my grandmother made for me before she died. I have been decorating this tree with these ornaments ever since. I place this tree at the end of our upstairs hallway and it is also part of my outdoor scheme when lit in the evening. This tree is viewed from the front of my house.
So many beautiful gems
If you’ve seen Buzz fulminating on Twitter or on TV, or if you know him as the chronicler of athletes and politicians, this book might surprise you. The writing is spare and elegant, what you’d expect from a master craftsman who wrote FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS and A PRAYER FOR THE CITY. Here’s Zach at an amusement park, riding the Teacups: “It is a kids’ ride, far too demeaning for crusty souls of the Boss and Mr. Freeze. They would never be caught dead here, too much to live down. But Zach doesn’t care. I can hear the gentle whir as the red and yellow teacups undulate up and down. A few screams scatter in the distance like a faraway car alarm. Zach’s arms are spread out behind him. His eyes are closed, his head bent back slightly. The warm air encircles him.”
That has always been one of my favourite of his paintings - I wonder what it sold for.
＜爱＞
Man 2: Nothing! I have been dating all my life, seen so many girls that I realised that I have not given myself much time. I am now 40 and I would really like to live for me. Sort my stuff out.
with my Staples markers (black, grey, pink, & brown)
I learned my city that way.
Goddamn. Look at that uniform. You have to love the level of attention and detail put into that outfit. The color coordinated ascot. The white stripes around the collar and cuffs. Fuck do I love that hat. What I wouldn’t give to be the girl in that picture. To think, all that dedication for a uniform the enemy would never even lay eyes on. But with the US Navy’s last great nemesis now spending more money on hookers than national defense, there’s not a whole hell of a lot for the Navy to feel good about. So they took a look at all the big kids running around in the Sandbox wearing digicam and put together their own Super Nintendo pixel art just to be cool, which puts them on about the same level as the goth kid I used to hang out with in highschool.
S: Both!
Of couse, the poll starts today October 16, 2009. Anyone can vote, so the more ‘fans’ those fansites have, the more chances of winning this polling game. The official winner will be based on the total number of votes on the Official Poll placed below. (Just that.. And oh, Leejaedi Productions isn’t bias. So all nominees will receive fair* treatment, *as fair as possible) And polling ends December 31, 2009 and the winner will be announced on January 1, 2010. (What a good New Year will that fansite have, eh?)
I made these blouses because so often store bought clothing is too short on my long-waisted girls. Either that or their pants are too low in the rise. We see a little to much in the backside when that happens. But I found when she was playing on the swing-set later, it's still not quite long enough to cover her when bending over. She needs an extra inch of coverage. I'm going to just add a second ruffle under the first one and then it should be perfect. It's a good thing I hadn't already added that ric rac!
A couple of weeks ago, I began hearing from self-published and small press authors who'd been approached over the summer by a Turkish publisher called Arvo Basim Yayin. All reported having been contacted out of the blue by an editor named Hulya Dayan, inquiring about buying Turkish language rights to their books (some examples of Ms. Dayan's emails have been posted on the Kindle boards).
The pair, who were both armed with AK47 rifles, were shot more than 30 times when the SAS unit opened fire at isolated farm buildings near Loughgall.
Pidgeot is the original normal bird Pokemon. Its species is just the Bird Pokemon. It’s actually quite huge, being almost 5 feet tall. I like its long head feathers.
It feels like I have said quite a lot there, but I hope that some of it has been helpful to some of you. As Christians we ‘walk with the Spirit’. This does not mean that life is not difficult and that we do not fail, but it does mean that we have the power of God living within us, leading and guiding us and giving us the strength to overcome any troubles we face in life. Whatever life may throw at you, always remember that you have the Spirit of God in you, and that with that Spirit you have the power to overcome anything and everything. So brothers and sisters in Christ, friends, as we go away from this weekend continue to walk with the Spirit and to follow it wherever it may lead you – for it will lead us on a wonderful journey as we develop as disciples of Jesus Christ and as we work to bring about God’s Kingdom here on Earth… AMEN.
…and try to interfere with your writing to give themselves a creative hard-on.
the waiting waters that scare me...
How many times have you seen, heard, or read, “What is the most prevalent thing that you feel hinders your writing”?
Mercedes HPE, equally have their solution, this is the so called fired-overrun. When the driver lifts off, fuel continues to be injected into the engine and sparked within the combustion chamber. This offsets the engine braking effect created by the engine, giving a smoother transition from on throttle to the overrun when off it. As a result this means there is less engine braking effect. This gives Mercedes the freedom to define braking bias and KERS charging, without having to account for engine braking. Effectively decoupling the engine braking effect from the actual action of the braking system. As with Renault’s pre-EBD mapping Mercedes solution is analogous to the hot blowing mapping. At Silverstone the Mercedes engined teams had a particularly clean overrun sound. Where as Ferrari had far more cracks and pops as the engine slowed.
Secondly - Let it Snow Let it Snow Let it Snow
Scallions, finely sliced
Once I had a patient who kept a candy dish of vicodin on the table next to his easy chair. (Privacy disclaimer: Because all patients are protected by HIPPA, as they should be, I will not reveal details about patients or their families. I will not reveal details about specific illnesses nor will I reveal names or locations. Specific situations will be slightly altered to protect privacy. Because most of my readers know where I live there is no point in me trying to pretend I live somewhere else or not reveal where I live at all. My patients privacy is of utmost importance to me so I will not compromise it. If something I say resembles you or someone you know, I promise you, it is only coincidence. OK. That is all.) Anywho, candy dish of vicodin... I thought that was funny at the time but now I see it's just a matter of convienence. I mean you keep the remote next to your chair right? Right. Save yourself the trip to the cupboard. (I don't advocate the use of so much of any medication that you ought to have it in a candy dish. By the way.) This is purely anectodal and has no real bearing on this blog post except that it's funny that someone would keep vicodin in a candy dish. Thankfully no one actually expected to find candy in his house.
“Chestnut Mare” is the last great Byrds song. Written by Roger McGuinn and Jacques Levy, it’s a retelling of Peer Gynt’s opening act—except in this version, a horse takes the place of the reindeer. The narrator, Gene Tryp (I presume) is, like Gynt, something of a bullshit artist. The difference here, though, is that Peer Gynt didn’t fall in love with the reindeer. And that’s what makes “Chestnut Mare” a horse of a different stripe.
My father himself stated that if he could only have found something to believe in, then he would have had something to live for. This became my quest, the only conceivable way to win the war. But every school of thought and every system of faith had its flaws, which prevented me from full devotion. I tried at various times in my life to live on faith alone, but failed.
A little point-to-point debate regarding the environmental impact of eating beef and its possible alternatives. Neither of these are from my point of view (if you’ve seen my ‘About’ section, there’s nothing I like more than a fat, juicy ribeye…), but they’re interesting debates nonetheless. Let me know what you think in the poll!
Cosmopolitan
We are told that immigration boosts our economy, yet our economy is now in the worst state it has ever been in and our once assured status as one of the worlds richest nations is becoming a fading memory as we plummet down the league.
This concludes the series of updates concerning this case. This blog will not be delivering any further updates until an arrest or final conclusions have been made.
I need not even preach the sermon except to say: Considering how much mercy God has shown you, how much he has demonstrated to you, how much are you willing to show others, your enemies, your friends, your children, your neighbors? But God demonstrates his mercy in this: While we were yet sinners Christ died for our sins. Do you wait for others to repent before you forgive or is your forgiveness proactive and preemptive?
Hey Neill, did you make your own Aliens for Alive in Joburg, or did you hire someone? I think I'll end up making my own shit, but only because I have no money. I never have money. Ever.
There are theories on all of her people that blog on her site being one person (her) to start more drama and such. I’m not sure if this is true and I’ve spoken to her about it. She said no and swore up and down that the idea is mental. But I simply can’t seem to shake that idea from my head. So for her to go around being so mean and calling innocent people psychos? I think she needs to redirect the word.
My effort (and it was a ruddy good one even if I do say so myself was...
"I thought I spied the ocean today, but Mrs. LaRue said it is merely a 'great' lake. I can see nothing great in something so fraudulent."
Anything worth watching on Netflix I probably own. The quality of the picture streamed by Netflix is pathetic compared to even my oldest DVD titles. Netflix’s streamed Uncle Buck has nothing on my 1998 DVD release of Uncle Buck, a DVD that was released well before they started to digitally clean the movies up. And Blu-ray blows Netflix out of the stratosphere. This was all Ridley Scott was succinctly saying. And the following is what he was met with in the comments;
High-resolution images available upon request
SP - 71' 3.5" - Ryan Whiting, Arizona St - '08
Are we as high as the Wind Seeker?
What is my voice saying?
11) What did your friends and family think when you told them you were writing CRACKED?
"Yes you do! I just gave you a pair," I responded, frustrated.
Festive
Ryan got a cinnamon apple
1: tuning 2:06
I'm grateful for another chance
2.) What makes you angry?
On April 29, 2012, Peru 21 reported scientists have been unable to determine if a virus is the cause of the dolphin die-off. According to news reports lab results for viruses generally take ten days.
The garden is at its most demanding, but also its most rewarding. A lesson in this?
Sitting on the sidewalk,
Tree root.
Here's the view to the north.
Robert McLean / A Review of Geoffrey Hill’s ‘Speech! Speech!’ / 76
Crazy - under 11:00
We’re asking you to contact your U.S. Representative and ask him or her to join the House Small Brewers Caucus. What is the House Small Brewers Caucus?
I had neighbors come over and render opinions. I had family come over and render opinions. I had had very nearly every guest at my daughter’s graduation party render an opinion.
What’s the matter with American poetry? Apparently, the problem is Allen Ginsberg. And Sylvia Plath. And Susan Howe, and Alice Notley, and James Schuyler. Also Louise Glück. Also Louis Zukofsky, and all of the other Objectivists. That, at least, is the conclusion one might draw from Rita Dove’s new Penguin Anthology of Twentieth Century American Poetry, which bills itself as “an unparalleled survey of the best poems of the last century,” and includes none of the poets named above.
Elisée Reclus (1894)
That much was affirmed – lest the bottles had not been clear enough – by the club’s sporting director, Beppe Marotta, at full time, when he said that the club did indeed intend to add a third golden star to the badge on their shirts. The manager, Antonio Conte, had sought to sidestep the issue when he was pressed by reporters at full time , saying: “What number Scudetto is this? Number one, because it’s the first I’ve won as a manager.”
It was such a lovely experience and I’ll treasure it dearly
I know you don’t talk much
Here’s Kenny and Kimbo, a good friend. They’re the team’s only 12-year-olds (“7th Years”), the rest are 13-14. I’ve talked about our bigness posing problems (can’t buy clothes or shoes, can’t get child discounts–even for an 8 year old). What’s noteworthy here–and let us add a moment of tribute to Knick Jeremy Lin, as”Lin-sanity” grips Beijing as well as NY, and Kimbo’s family is also from Taiwan–is that great multisport athletes come in all sizes. Kenny is, for sure, terrific, I’m not knocking him. But Kimbo is probably the stronger athlete. Coordinated, calm, consistent–that capable player a team relies on.
Tomorrow we move from this hotel to the Madras Cricket Club, where we will be the guests of K (I kept my previous MCC temporary membership card for a long time but it was eventually used as a bookmark in, presumably, an unfinished book) and I don't know if the wifi will be available. It'll be great, K's sisters will be there too so we can catch up on their news.
Used to be I knew all about computers. I knew how big they were and all the software. I could have written manuals for the Mac. Alas that time is long past and now I feel like a hundred year old spinster bringing her dog to the computer repair store, but not her computer. I really hate computers.
Finding a price that is reasonable for such a long period is difficult and we are very fortunate to have already found locations that will work. Despite the good deals we found, staying in another city for 6 weeks isn't cheap, nor is the gas it takes to get there. We're expecting to spend at least $600 on gas and $1200 on lodging. Unfortunately we don't make enough to have extra set aside for this sort of thing and we're looking for ways to fundraise for this need. If you are interested in making a donation to help with our expenses you can send a check to:
This is sort of a bucket list but being such an indefinite time frame makes it a difficult list to compile. I have about five things written on the list. I suppose its due to the fact that i havent ever aspired to be famous, visit great places or meet important people. My daughter, on the other hand, is on her second bucket list. She has travelled to over 100 countries, visited most of the wonders and tourist sights in the world. She has sky dived, scuba dived, parasailed, bungeed, surfed, you name it………… just talking about it tires me out. At least with my wee little list I certainly don’t feel under any pressure to do anything weird and wonderful anytime soon.
There is an army of people in America who have concluded that the enemy is the government and are determined, senator-by-senator, representative-by-representative, to reshape the federal government and to do so at the state and local level as well. It’s already been happening in primaries around the nation as Tea Party candidates challenge and defeat their opponents.
Yes, I’m a little all over the place because I often find Apps a distraction. I use them to avoid doing work, or to keep myself occupied when my middle boy is in the penalty box (he goes there more than I would like). I find Apps like the Manuscript App to be a distraction from writing. Just like I found Scrivener to be. Yes, I tried it, and I went back to what works for me…plan old Word and Excel (I’ve been hanging out with Bob too long). We are always looking for the “quick easy way” but there is no quick and easy.
And watching, with eternal lids apart,
(This will not be the first time you will hear of Sam and his references to metal detecting.)
about the price of gold,
UPDATE 1110pm CDT 4/28/2012: I currently have a spotty internet connection — st. louis missouri was hit hard with two storms.. taking forever to even upload a picture: here is a current shot of Texas Oklahoma heading towards SW missouri…
Since going gluten-free, I realized that I had given up sandwiches. I'll have toast now and then but I miss having veggie burgers on a toasted ciabatta buns, philly cheesesteaks or french dips on hero bread and I really, really miss challah and rye bread.
I didn’t catch any episodes until the second to the last episode of the season, but you can catch up online at the Hairy Bikers on the History Channel site or by downloading from iTunes. These episodes have made the last couple of flights more bearable. And thanks to Charlotte Airport’s free WiFi I was able to download the last couple of episodes during my extended layover (damn delays).
now blue plastic hose is used to collect sap with lines running from tree to tree.
Rated R for som violent and gruesome images, language and sexuality. (Parental guidance is highly recommended, but if you're like me, then you'll just say, "Ah, screw it" and watch it anyway. I mean, it is on the internet where anyone can see it, so you might as well enjoy it. I personally thought it was a great movie. Lots of action and suspense.)
So, I'm Writing While Waiting to hear back from a select few unbelievably amazing agents. And, if my YA novel isn't the one to gain me new representation, I have little doubt the novel I'm working on will. Over confident? Maybe. But, it's how I feel deep down in my gut.
Remember that your spouse's concerns stem from the same place that your interest in unschooling does: concern for your kids. Then, from that place of shared concern, ask to be given some time to explore this intriguing way of homeschooling. Share some resources. Encourage participation. Ask for a moratorium on criticism of how the kids' time is spent.
The book speaks for itself, and read it you must. It will be through a vale of tears, but you will emerge the richer for having had the opportunity to get to know the shining light that is Damon, and along the way, learn about a most extraordinary family and their enduring love for their remarkable son.
~Krista
The weather in the Chicagoland area has been so warm this week that I regularly let my Texas Sister know that I was confused on where I was because it sure did feel like Texas in March!
Not a single day has lapsed since that day in July 2007 where I haven’t had a gym membership. I’m grateful that I joined my first gym when I did – even though I wasn’t seriously trying (or ready) to lose weight, when that time came a couple years later, I knew the gym inside and out, and was able to jump in and really push myself without those fears of standing out and being laughed at. I don’t bring a camera into the gym very often (it’s not good gym etiquette), but the picture to the right is from the end of 2010. I’m not afraid to sweat at the gym!
This time I decided to make a page about me and my Son. He knows I love him very much but why not to show him again....
I'm hoping to have it all in place soon, and then I'll decorate around it and live with it for a while as is. I want to paint the room a soft gray-blue, have a chandelier installed over the table, and then eventually I will paint it to look like this. At least, that is the plan as of today.
Here's the basic recipe:
Targeted enforcement of internment would act as a new and strong deterrent to violent criminals. Garda resources would be freed up. Citizens would not live in fear. Children could grow up with a better chance of not becoming involved with drugs.
SimCity, as the new game is simply called, is developed by Maxis and seems to feature the same core gameplay the series is known for, with a load of new stuff thrown on top.
By the way, have you ever been in a position where you don't know what to cook for lunch or dinner? I know I have. And then the very next moment you get an "A-HA" moment? Once more peeps, I'm cooking without a recipe. In my very own attempt to eating healthier, I decided that any meal of mine have to be bursting with flavours. So the flavours I put together in this dish is what I usually have stored in the pantry.
Sept 3 – Beta Bar – Tallahassee, FL (W/Valencia)
I love, love, love quiche and one of the best parts about it is that the ingredients are totally up for interpretation. Most veggies work wonderfully- imagine doing a Gouda and asparagus version? Yum. You can also add in meat - sliced ham, turkey, sausage- or even vegetarian meat like Boca crumbles or sausage. And for your picky eating kiddos, quiches are PERFECT for hiding all those "gross" veggies they might otherwise refuse, and also using up any and all extra produce in the fridge!
Now pour this in a container and freeze for about 5 hours...
Back in March 2006 we were in Oban, planning to visit Mull the next day. In the middle of the night we got a phone call from daughter #2 to tell us that my mother-in-law was dying. Now a B&B is not the best place to get this kind of news (is anywhere?) so we had to skulk down to the harbour to make calls on the public phone to get the whole story and try to arrange flights before the B&B came to life. Suffice to say that those who helped us on that occasion have our gratitude: the B&B owners who didn’t hold us to our three day booking, the staff member on the desk at one of the harbour-side posh hotels who helped us with internet links, and Emirates who made and held our booking until we got to Glasgow, unlike our national carrier. That morning at sunrise we saw seals in the harbour and as we made our way back into Glasgow, the skies were clear blue and the snow on the hills was magnificent…a blessing in a strange kind of way.
Shop 1, 149 Alison Road, Randwick, Sydney
And, so...even though I have declared this my mantra several times in the past (I guess I never learn, huh?)...I asserted myself free from photo submission for a few posts. Call me lazy, but when it was gray and rainy or late in the evening or the presentation just wasn't that appealing, I snapped a pic anyway. I shared a few anyway. I was free from worrying if the photo was "good enough" (good enough? to be rejected? LOL) and just shared. I have countless "bad" photos filed away on my computer for FABULOUS recipes that I haven't shared. I changed that...a couple of times. I shared bad pics and good food because that is what I do. I am not a photographer held hostage by photo index sites. I am a home cook who shares food that I love with people that appreciate it.
So, I learned the rudiments of coconut milk extraction from my parents' housekeeper, then made a few technical adjustments, resulting not only in a successful first try, but also an opportunity to kill two #TaytoRiCo birds with one stone. Not only did I adhere to the parameters of the challenge with what was made, I also followed them with how it was made. Unabashedly thrilled with how well it worked out, I simply had to share.
I ask him if the elders in his community have any say in what is preached in Mosques and taught in Madrassas. He lowered his voice, turning to look at me even as he kept his attention on the road, and said, “Talim bahar se milta hai. Bahar se,” (They receive their education – indoctrination here – outside, as in from beyond Indian borders), before repeating, “Bahar se. Bahar jaatey hai, talim wahan milta hai.” (They – the students – travel abroad, and they get their education – indoctrination in this context – there).
With all due respect to the lovely Julia, apparently we must all suspend disbelief and buy into the fantasy (as we cannot hand over our wallets fast enough) that Teint Miracle really does perform miracles, like turn the clock back 22 years and make Julia a Pretty Woman again.
Uncle Mimi
Hello lovely bloggers!
ATTORNEY: This myasthenia gravis, does it affect your memory at all?
As part of my youngest son's homework for World Book Day, he had to make a model of a fairytale adventure. He made up his own. It consisted of a castle in a shoebox made from card and toilet rolls and a lot of orange crepe paper where it was burning down. He then came and asked me for a dragon to put in it.
Today is officially the first day of spring, so what better way to start the day than a site visit to Rhossili. Lots of exciting nature things are happening….
Gallery 4A
Sierra Nevada Grand Cru - A blend of Oak Aged Bigfoot, Celebration and fresh Pale Ale (hopefully bottle recipe but I dont know). This should be a tasty treat.
Different in size and style but each vital to their team winning the midfield battle. City’s decline this season can be traced back to Toure going to the African Cup of Nations in January, while Scholes is yet to lose a league game since coming out of retirement.
This is about 10 kms away from Alampur. This is the place where Tungabhadra river merges into Krishna river. This is a place of Saptanadi sangamam. A temple of Lord shiva called Sagameshwar is present here. But now it was covered by back waters of Srisailam dam. People can visit this temple when only the water level falls down.
We’ve had our doubts but now we’re fine,
On a budget? No worries, you can read all of my books for free by checking them out at the library! If they're not on the shelf, politely request that the librarian get copies for you on loan. You can check out all kinds of awesome stuff for free from the library.
Note my reference to "-ish" above. Well, that's because it's not REALLY the after but I had to share because I am in LOVE with this little baby! Not only because she's just so cute BUT because those tan stripes aren't just any tan stripes.
So here’s me blogging. I have to admit, I have been rather quiet lately for the thoughts seem to only ever be partially complete. I start typing but never quite reach the ending I envision, and thus it remains to be seen within the confines of the draft section.
When you were so angry at 8am that you were sure you could see the inside of your own eyeballs (a child's tantrum; a mother's broken necklace; no time for breakfast) it is comforting to see just how many people around you are losing their rag.
And, hey, potential jurors, if you could not assume that anytime the defense goes after a state's expert it's just smarmy lawyer tricks, that'd be great, too.
1/4 cup shelled sunflower seeds
Store in clean dry box.
The day before Valentine's Day Justin got his iPad in the mail and he was completely thrilled with his purchase. He loves his new toy. On Tuesday...he felt like I should have something just as fun that I would enjoy (me and an iPad wouldn't go together, I don't need something that intense) just as much. The Kindle Fire was on sale at Wal-Mart for an AWESOME price, so he took some extra time out of his day to hunt one down (last day of the sale...only 6 left in the whole county!) for me for Valentine's Day.
The local newspaper, on the other hand, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, had a news blackout on the fact that Mr. Ellison is a Muslim with ties not only to CAIR but to other terrorist organizations.
“No, I can’t accept payment for what I did,” the Scottish farmer replied, waving off the offer. At that moment, the farmer’s own son came to the door of the family hovel. “Is that your son?” the nobleman asked. “Yes,” the farmer replied proudly.
4. Put two spoons waffle mixture on each section of **waffle iron, then bake for about 2 minutes, remove from the iron. Do the same with the rest of the mixture until finish.
Ambiguous, poorly worded questions and answer choices
I hope to finish the bottom pink ruffle today after I take my grandmother to her eye doctor.
Cultural Studies
Briana settled her skirts around her as she sat down beside the boy. “Where are you from? I’ve never seen you around before,” she asked him. He jerked a thumb over his shoulder in response toward the other side of the river, and she clapped her hands together. “Across the river! Why… the gypsies live there! You must be one!” The boy began to move away from her, his face clouding over. “Oh, but that’s alright,” she’d rushed to add, turning to lay her hand on his shoulder. “My brother doesn’t like gypsies very much, but I think they’re so interesting.”
I kept the original brass hardware, but it needed some polishing. I tried Brasso at first, but it kept drying up before it could really take effect. A quick search online suggested salt and vinegar as one of many 'green' alternatives to brass polish. I remembered using salt and vinegar to polish copper pennies when I was young, so I decided to give it a try. It worked really well, partly because I could let the hardware fully soak in the liquid for a while.
You obviously haven’t read the Constitution recently, if ever, the Federalist Papers, or even David McCulloughs book on John Adams. You ought to take the time while riding around in your government provided luxury executive jet to do just that. You represent Socialistic and even Marxist principals that our founding fathers tried to avoid when setting out the capitalistic republican form of government represented by our Constitution.
7. MAKE YOURSELF A CHECKLIST.
Had I been wearing a grey shirt today, I’m sure my joke at the check-out line at Win-Dixie would have been considered extreamly awkward. Actually, it was probably weird anyway because now there was some guy making comments about customers driving off after they placed their groceries on the check-out counter.
“Be careful what you wish for”
1 Thes 4:9 (Phi) …as regards brotherly love, you don’t need any written instructions. God himself is teaching you to love each other.
So what better to start us off than a boat and some oil barrels...
To tell you the truth, I am a little afraid that the new book will take that away from me again and instead create flavour by enforcing all kinds of restrictions. It’s also a valid strategy. It’s just not something that I find interesting or inspiring. I think a good book should let me play the army I like, not the one everyone thinks I should be playing.
Though some wrinkles on the surface appeared, but beauty of the flower was fortified - not something that wither up, but the survivor looks at you from the canvas now.
And here it is...if you want to know about guns, ammo, self defense, legel issues, training or anything involving tongue punching, you should probably not ask me.
For instance the sections focused on the industry are very interesting. There is a discussion of pitching to theatres and how pitch driven commissioning can weed out innovation and go against the writer’s instinctive approach. Philip Ridley therefore rarely writes to commission. As he says ‘the journey your imagination chooses is the way’.
Your goal is to create real and helpful connections, NOT close the deal on a job offer, nail the sale of your product or service or collect the most business cards in the room.
Happy Friday everyone! I am so happy this week is finally over! Do you all have anything up this weekend?
*Tipping the Velvet by Sarah Waters. Of course, I didn't walk out of the store with that book alone. This book was sitting right there with The Little Stranger, and there was just no way I was leaving it behind. So, yeah, I now have four of Water's books, and haven't read a single one of them. *sigh* I am soooo much better at acquiring than I am at actually reading.
Thank you for listening. Even when it's the middle of the night and you'd rather be sleeping.
I believe we are now fully able to work on the Orphanage fee, that will be about $7000. This covers the orphanage caring for my child and the children who will not be adopted. Less than 1% of the 147 Million Orphans will be adopted....So, truly, raising that fee might be the most emotional aspect of this.... Not that I don't appreciate paying the amazing team at Lifeline for doing what they do.
We pick up toys for the “Well done, my good and faithful servant.” We work at our jobs not so we receive promotions, but so that our “light (will) shine before men, that they may see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven” (Matthew 5:16). We walk away from gossip. We take a meal to the family who needs it. We write the note of encouragement. We pray for our friend. We teach the Sunday School class year after year after year. We rock the baby.
4. Sled Backwards Pulls 225lbs – 100 yards
Of course, this process created what we would now call nuclear waste—including plutonium. These otherwise extraordinarily dangerous waste products, however, have been entombed within the earth for two billion years. The Curtin University of Technology points out that "this is so long that all of the radioactive waste products (even those with million year half lives) have decayed away." They have also hardly even moved: the plutonium, according to the U.S. Department of Energy, "has moved less than 10 feet from where it was formed almost two billion years ago."
We were somewhat successful with our attempt to enjoy the rest of the week. Our teachers did their best to create a positive atmosphere within the camp, but I think all of us just wanted to go home. I know I did. I wanted to see my dad, and I wanted to be in my own house with my own things surrounded by what was familiar to me. With so much uncertainty, I longed for the things of which I WAS sure.
and so his storytime had to end.
“My external sensations are no less private to myself than are my
Loved Peonies...
There are more loving moments at home – something I had completely forgotten used to happen all the time. These are the things that make me want to stay the most. Though I must admit his want of something or someone to care for is disconcerting. He was excited when I picked up a pregnancy test. I wanted to make sure I wasn’t, he was hoping I was. Now is not the time for that, I know that, he doesn’t. I think he sees it as a solution. A child that needs our help, or a small animal that we have to take care of. Now is not a good time for these things and on multiple occasions he has said now would be the perfect time for something like that for us.
Angelina Love Vs Velvet Sky….Queen’s Invitational is up now.
This post is for the pet collectors out there. Every year Children’s Week offers up a variety of little pets of which you can only choose 1 per orphan. How unfair! Way more unfair than having your parents die in a war so you only get one week a year to be out of a cramped little hovel in Orgrimmar or Stormwind. But ah HA! There’s a trick now you see, because unlike those poor orphans, we know the future!
We blew the keg last night. Whew.
By the time we killed Arthas, we suddenly found ourselves #2 on the realm for 10-man progression, and we honestly hadn’t been trying for placement.
“So who lived on that farm?” asked Chris.
Becky’s Mind: Bombarding – this word makes me think of doing the dishes. Every time I wash one plate, three more appear in the sink. It never ends and I feel like I’ll never leave the sink. That’s when I start making silly agreements in my mind. I agree that my family doesn’t deserve me. They don’t respect and understand me. They take advantage of me. They don’t really love me so I agree to not really love them back. Suddenly, I’m on one side of the wall and they’re on the other. That’s how Satan works in my life – just a few dirty plates at a time. He doesn’t come in and ransack the kitchen, no, that would be too obvious. He lets me get the last dish put away, then he brings me two more. I get those put away, and he shows up with three others. I handle those three, and he comes at me with one more. Satan slips one or two doubts at a time in there until before I know it, I’m putting up walls to keep God out as I make agreements with the enemy: God doesn’t respect me, He doesn’t deserve me. Wow. Who am I, the Point of Grace song goes, that He would love me gently, that He would recognize my name? I am His and He wants to help me tear down those walls so that He can walk with me! “…Walk by the Spirit, and you will not carry out the desire of the flesh. For the flesh sets its desire against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh; for these are in opposition to one another, so that you may not do the things that you please.” Galatians 5:16-17.
And He lives forever, with His saints to reign.
Not only does Charles whisper enchanting words in my ear, he has me locked in quite a firm grip. You know that "thing" I have for hands, and this particular poet wins the Nobel Prize for Manly Hands this evening. Oh, look, he's wearing a pinkie ring. Love that. Not only are his hand nice, his feet are as light as his words. I so adore the dance of words on a page. After I disengage my self from Mr. Simic's lusty hold, and steady myself enough to walk across the floor, I am thrilled to spot my good friend, the amazingly spry George Bernard Shaw, waltzing with a striking woman. Could it be Vita Sackville-West? Oh, Vita, daaaling! Or might it be the beautiful, enigmatic Virginia Woolf?
Silver Bells ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 PM
I filled and topped mine with sugar and fresh lemon juice, but the sky's the limit with options.
For more information about this topic:
One pkg (90) 3mm x 5mm White flatback Teardrop Pearls
There was my niece's first birthday party involving a full dessert table and a two-tiered cake. There was also a dessert table and wedding cake I made for a wedding 1.5 weeks ago. In between all this craziness, I also went for a few-day trip to Boston for a different wedding and very quick "vacation" (it ended up not being a vacation at all due to lack of sleep and food the whole time we're there, lots of walking too!). I was back mid week last week and immediately planning for my sis-in-law birthday. I feel dizzy just writing all these stuff, but just in case you're wondering where I have been, well... there you go.
And since you guys love you some Wikipedia, let’s look at just those murdered, purposefully starved, or shipped off to camps to die of exposure: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mass_killings_under_Communist_regimes
Paul Corrie – I’m very excited about a newly confirmed design project that’s going to take place at a cottage in Cape Cod…”Cottage in Cape Cod” alone makes my mind run wild with idea after idea, and I love that.
8 The Ghost of Tom Joad (with Tom Morello)
Still flying high from her recent 2008 Mid-Atlantic Emmy Award nomination for Best Weather Anchor, Chica will be showcasing birthday cards sent in from preschoolers all over the country, playing party games and singing songs with her Sunny Side Up Show co-hosts Kevin, Kelly and Sean. A live onscreen crawl will feature birthday wishes sent in from preschoolers via SproutOnline.com , and special surprise greetings from other Sprout stars will also be featured throughout the celebration.
I have done what I could do, to reach out and bring some light
The Cockroach Invasion Episode had unnerved Rahul. He had promised himself that he would control his temper. Magic escaping from his body was creating havoc. Four days later, during art class, Rahul’s pencil tip broke. He lifted the gold pencil lying
My friend Sandi is a wonderful independent dyer and we collaborated to create a summer sock club in 2009. Most knitting clubs come about because a designer has a vision and then has yarn dyed to match that vision. Ours was backwards: Sandi designed the yarn and handed it over to me to become inspired to create a design based on her color choices.Month one I was handed a lush blue yarn. It wasn't a cold blue but a serene color with flecks of lighter and darker blues within. Before a design thought came to mind the yarn itself reminded me of running water in a warm stream during the dead of summer. As I started playing with the yarn I know it had to be made up into something with waves...cables? no we wanted to keep the club set no higher then the intermediate level and even though I love cables and think they're easy, not everyone shares my love.
It started off as Mother's Day, mainly the commercial aspect of it but also to honour the mothers. It was a funny custom for Israel to adopt as Mother's Day in the UK is definitely a Christian based celebration formerly known as Mothering Sunday. I was never entirely sure if it was referring to the young girls in service going back to visit their mothers (with gifts from the big house) or if the Mother referred to Mother Mary. Anyway, strangely enough, it took off in Israel. Or maybe not so strange as mothers tend to be worshipped here.
I dive in your eyes,
Plan or no plan, however, the system is still vexing. Any number may exist as an avenue, road, place, lane, street, drive, or any combination. Even Queens residents are often helpless and resort to just asking for directions. If they are lucky, they get someone who is a street savant and can retort with something like "What numba Kissena?" :)
I chatter over stony ways,
So far, our year has been pretty good. Although, I always promise I will blog more often and I obviously haven't lived up to that quite yet; things are going well for our family. We are busy as always. It seems we have something going on every weekend, even when we don't make plans, something usually comes up.
Those who oppose the international materialistic order and its destruction of culture and race, will be called 'Fascists'. Does it matter? Those who propose Nationalisation (but not in the Marxian form which is really Socialisation) will be attacked as enemies of free trade and capitalism, and possibly be called 'Reds'. Again, does it matter?
If you're looking for a less formal feel for your wedding you should call Rebecca at Bluebird Studios. Her one-of-a-kind whimsical style is perfect for a casual affair. I think it would be great for an oudoor, rustic setting.
why in the hell would he be doing that you might ask? he's been carrying around this footlocker of anger/frustration over them most of the summer because of their lack of involvement in our kids' lives and the fact that they are shitty parents/grandparents. we spent hours rehashing his conversation that night, but basically he feels better, got a lot of his chest and they (once again) say that they want to be better, blah blah blah. i get the feeling that this might have been a repeat of a conversation my brother had with them about a year ago about communication and how they don't do it. whatever.
I have no idea whether the guy who said this had some inside information or not (the "for lease" sign was still up last time I looked), but I think it would be a good move for Fiesta. There are plenty of Hispanic shoppers in the area and this is one white boy who would love to have a walkable alternative to the proposed Northcross Wal-Mart Supercenter.
PS. This is surely the first of many coming posts which concern my musings on life. Stay tuned for tomorrow’s post, featuring a discussion on Pablo Neruda, as inspired by a post from the amazing Matt Davis, more popularly known as Ernesto Riley on Twitter, and/or Alaric Saltzman on The Vampire Diaries. Check him out!
Body energy structure:
Smith, John C. & Jones, James A. (1987). The History of Cryptozoology. Jones & Son (London).
So why not have a go yourself and win a FREE Digi from Stamp n doodle, post a picture of your card using Yo-yo in the Linky tool below, and have a wonderful St Patrick's day!
Italian stores open as long as they want
Many publications dealing with this issue will tell you that it is all part of a natural process. They are lying! See this article for more info.
The finishing touch was a yummy candy bar full of sugary treats that matched the birthday decor. I was so honored to able to be a part of this great family event. Although I had the privilege of helping my sister put it all together, the vision for the elements that went into it was all her. Maybe she'll have to branch out and add "party planning" to her list of services :) To see more of her stunning work with cakes, click here.
Light
"There's not really one reason; though ironically chains closing pubs has provided a bit of growing space for independent traders."
What I loved: The evolution of the main character from an outsider in Canada to feeling like an outsider in her own family.
1: Over the years, I have hand-reared seven baby hedgehogs
We waited a short while for Neil to arrive on the bus from Oban, then the three of us headed to the West Highland Way Sleeper in Bridge of Orchy. We’d heard that Guy (and Kirsty) had flown a long way and that Martin Knight was going to drive some of the way south to collect them from Tarbet (on Loch Lomond).
What about those who say 'just call it a different name'?
1t Dry Mustard
Few Marvel villains were eviler than Red Skull. He was a bad guy who was chosen to be a bad guy, and he embraced it, and the hollow promises of the Third (and Fourth, and Fifth, etc…) Reich. A bellboy whom Shicklegruber pulled from obscurity to prove to his toadies that he could create an Aryan superman practically from thin air, he exceeded all of that rat fink Adolph’s expectations.
Finally the most difficult aspect of the building’s history is its category A listing. This means that the building cannot be demolished and any redevelopment must be done to the original architectural plans. Therefore for regeneration any bidders on the site would have to work around the original design. When built for such as a specific purpose how can the space can be utilised if the interior layout cannot be changed?
Cormac McCarthy's Blood Meridian
I have prepared this definition as a guide to my dissertation on Turkish Airlines and hope that you find it somewhat beneficial.
As a female product of a 70s childhood, I wanted to be one of Charlie's Angels when I grew up (yes, I know I've told you that I wanted to be the Bain de Soleil lady, but that was later. For the record I also wanted to be Barbie and Iris Love). I had the Farrah 'do (I think that was mandated by law in suburban Tulsa, OK circa 1977-79) and I had the green bikini that looked just like Jaclyn's white one. Oh, yes...I had it all. I recently watched an old episode of Charlie's Angels and it was fantastic in it's ghastly campiness. It made me quite nostalgic for my childhood, especially since the Angels went undercover on a cruise on this episode, which kind of made it a cross between Charlie's Angels AND the Love Boat and if you could have thrown in some little guy yelling 'Da Plane, Da Plane!', too, well let's just say I would've been in heaven. And I realized as I watched that there were an abundance of lessons I learned from Charlies Angels. Maybe because this show hails from an era of after-school-specials or maybe because I'd had a glass of wine, I'm not sure. Let me recap. 1) A swift Karate chop to a bad guy works every time. I don't know how and I've never done it, but I'm pretty sure that I could or at least that I'd like to, given the chance. 2) If you're the smart one (Sabrina), you don't get to wear the low cut, super sexy outfits. And you are stuck forever with that 'smart' label and it doesn't matter if Farrah leaves the show and they bring in that scrawny little Cheryl Ladd, you STILL don't get bumped up to sexy stuff. Sad.
Maybe you loved someone and lost them. Maybe you hoped for things and they just never panned out. Maybe the people you admired most turned out to be other people entirely. Maybe... just maybe things didn't turn out the way you thought they would.
I was so proud of myself when the dish was ready :) It was even more satisfying to watch my kids savour every bit of the food. My younger son is never a fan of pork dishes, I was pleasantly surprised that he could finish all the meat I placed on his plate of rice. My elder son loves pork belly and I am sure he will keep asking for this dish.
But anyways enough about school, I'm totally enjoying my weekend FREE of homework FINALLY.
One hundred dollars.
younger boys day out with eldest today alhumdulilla -
- USA: March 27th
Are fixin' to show you now
All drugs have side effects.
Doctor Who: The Adventure Games were launched in 2010 and have been huge success with over 2.6 million downloads to date.
At the time, you get two Justin singing puppets, songs, such as the Children and hit a lonely little girl. The Justin Fashion dolls dressed in designer ensemble with special names, including red carpet, street and music awards All 12-inch fashion doll Justin Bieber Justin Bieber doll with a unique fashion outfit and a microphone, sun shades and headsets, and collectible Micro Mag. Justin Bieber singing doll that, on the other hand, comes in 12 inch doll with Justin Bieber, a famous music videos plus her outfit with the right music, video, and special collectible mini Mag.
1 Tbsp Cinnamon
Mike Piazza (Dodgers) vs. Delino DeShields (Orioles)
Then of course are those longer periods. The play off finals we've had, the tension of penalty shoot outs. The joy of the win, the chaos of the pissed coach trip home. I remember one coach back late at night when I was talking to our player manager of the time, a seasoned ex pro who'd once been sold for a million. He told me that he reckoned this was going to be his last season, and that he was going to hang his boots up. If he played on a saturday he said he could no longer walk on a sunday, which wasn't fair on his family. He wasn't kidding by the way, he meant it literally, his knees seized up and he couldn't walk.
The next morning, the driver from the missions team turned the key in the ignition—and the truck started right up. In fact, it ran fine all the rest of the trip. They recognized that God’s purposes had been accomplished through this seemingly troublesome circumstance.
The brown cardstock really wasn't flexible or large enough, so we scrapped that idea. I found some brown wrapping paper though! (I taped the top layer circle to the underside of the football shape. (the circle has the holes for the risers to hold it into place securely)
“I don’t think I want to do that,” I said. “Do you have any idea how many coats of paint are on this cupboard?” From what I could see of the layers, there were at least four different colors and probably some varnish to boot. “It would take weeks to scrape all that paint off and you don’t even know what’s under all that mess. It could be some ugly-grained wood. Besides, if I don’t like the way it turns out, I can always slather it with a fresh coat of white paint.”
Kanja Sesay
This film is all about glory, legends, cynical politics, big promises that kind of ambiguously follow through, and, of course, crowd control. So it's a lot like Webber's other PPCC favorite, Jesus Christ Superstar. As in JCS, the mob - amorphous, impatient, demanding and, above all, LOUD - is more than spectator. It is the important third character, getting in the way between the Father and Son, between Juan and Eva. If we were Žižek, we'd say it was the id to Juan's/God's superego and Eva's/Jesus' ego - the mob is unmanageable, impulsive, dangerous and hypnotic. It is the ugly, scary, Dionysian part of being human.
Peace then begins to come in boat loads as you get control over your habits.
I really can't believe this is what it used to look like, and for novice vegetable gardener Amy, I can see why she was slightly put off..
"Of course Andrea, there are many slang references to being sick, the Australians in particular have many funny ways of describing the act of throwing up." "Really?" he asked innocently. "Well, one that was very popular was 'calling God on the big white telephone'. I looked at Andrea, his brow creasing with thought. "Why call God.." he asked, thinking out loud, "...to ask to make you better?" "Not really, it's more when you have had too much too drink and you have to be sick..." and here I got down on my knees and made a circle with my arms around an imaginary lavatory bowl at which his quizzical look deepened, "..ohhhhhhh God", fake retch, "ohhhhhh God", fake retch.
Inspired by a Harry Potter unit study discussion on the Well-Trained Minds forums a week or two ago for an early-elementary child, I threw together a Hogwarts unit study for M, grade 5.
I can’t talk about this channel in any detail because I haven’t the foggiest notion of how it works.
PTSD affects each sufferer uniquely. For Jean Guy it means obsessing over the video of the catastrophe, leaked to the press and now viral on the Internet. He watches it over and over and over again, reaching a dangerous conclusion that we worry may affect his previous father/son relationship with Armand. To add to this complication Jean Guy, when facing death, realized that he needed to make some major life changes, one of which was to admit to himself that he was and always has been in love with Armand Gamache's daughter Annie.
“One of these is not like the other…” Fork, spoon, knife, blood splatter…
All to self.
Somewhere.
Crawfish Etouffee
Kim – 7 (No immunity)
I have three cards for my Guest Design spot at Bah!Humbug! Challenge Blog. This is my third week with the lovely ladies of the manor so it seems only fitting to have three cards. The challenge was to make cards for "the boys". I decided to do one for three different age groups.
A “must-report” policy may sound good on the surface, but upon closer scrutiny it clearly is an idea rife with unwanted consequences.
In the meantime, we hope you will join us in our upcoming blog hop.
"It is not okay to draw Jacob Zuma with a shower on his head."
Reader, a question for you: Suppose that Paul or Anna were leading the team – in what ways do you think the team overall might change, benefit or lose out?
And that was the last of exciting news in my Luxebox.
Alison Bechdel’s autobiography centres around the family business; a funeral (‘fun’) home, and her childhood and growing up, although really it focuses on her issues with her father, Bruce Bechdel, and coming to terms with being a lesbian. Alison’s father is painted as a remote man, unpredictable, angry, and distant from his children. The reasons for this – that he was a closet homosexual who was having affairs with male students, and Alison’s babysitter – don’t become clear until later on in the book, but they have a considerable effect on Alison herself both consciously and unconsciously. She feels as a child that he loves their big, historic house more than his children, and is more interested in renovating it than in spending time with her and her brothers.
Red bull have used pull rod suspension since 2009 and introduced their carbon fibre gear case in the middle of that year. Keeping the construction and general shape, the gearbox set up appears only have detail revisions over this period.
Cinco de Mayo
It’s two years after the events of The Bourne Identity, and ex-CIA assassin Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) is still suffering from a broken mind. His memories are fractured, and is awakened in the middle of the night more frequently than not. Jason & Marie (Franka Potente) are now living in Goa, India, but meanwhile, Jason Bourne is about to be framed for two murders in Berlin, Germany. A CIA team, headed by Pamela Landy (Joan Allen), is attempting to purchase classified Russian documents, but a Russian assassin named Kirill (Karl Urban) killed both men and stole the documents. A planted fingerprint implicates Jason Bourne for all this. Then, Kirill shows up in Goa, India to kill Bourne himself in order to erase any evidence to the contrary in framing Bourne. Kirill believes he has completed his mission, but unknowingly, Bourne still lives. However, Bourne believes that it is the CIA who sent a man to kill him, and this sends Jason on a dead set mission to find and take out those who he told to leave him alone. The trail of planted evidence leads Pamela Landy to Operation: Treadstone, the elite team of assassins lead by the late Alex Conklin (Chris Cooper) of which Jason Bourne was the top operative. Landy brings Ward Abbott (Brian Cox), Conklin’s boss, into the mix as she attempts to unravel the mystery of Jason Bourne, and why he has come out of hiding. Now, Jason Bourne is coming down hard and fast on the CIA while the Agency is attempting to hunt down Bourne.
garlic - 2 large cloves
* I saw that horrid movie Sybil. No…….I do not have MPD. Definitely not! But…..maybe we got little ones inside…..sort of, kind of, I could identify with that some……But we are not “nutso”! We are not going around mumbling about “the people”! We are not out standing in the middle of fountains. We do not have MPD. See, I work, I support myself, I’m a teacher……I actually teach children with emotional/behavioral disorders. I’m working on a Master’s Degree in Special Education. No way! I do not have MPD!
8.SCREAM "Fight/American Justice"
The fish in the pond will rely on someone else to feed them.
An article discussing the good and bad points of Sharp Aquos LC-46 XD1E LCD TV to help you make an informed buying decision.
With the kitchen knife, cut the onion, summer squash and red potatoes on the cutting board.
In the first place one writes for oneself, to see clearly
One last gripe about the Guidebook is the art. Most of the NPCs have a thumbnail illustration and many of them exhibit the “Innsmouth Look.” Perhaps it’s merely my own preconception, but I always pictured the inhabitants of Innsmouth who show signs of their mixed heritage to display features more unsettling or slightly alien than truly monstrous. The illustrations in Escape from Innsmouth make the residents—even those who have yet to undergo full transformations—all look extremely inhuman. Like a trout with a human torso in some cases. I’m uncertain of who made the call to go this route, but I’m full member of the “Less is More Club” when it comes to horror and I found these illustrations to be overblown in most cases.
I'm sure someone has done a study on that-hehe.
It is more like the there-is-always-something-to-be-done-and-no-time-to-do-it-all-by-any-human-being-with-a-sound-mind way.
Or maybe I’m wrong. Detroit today is the poster child for American urban blight with a list of horribles associated with the city that is longer than the Old Testament. The thing is that even with all that, Motown has some things going for it. It still has a decent climate and an advantageous geographic location. More importantly, it has a population that could perhaps be led down a different path if given the right leadership.
Sea Veggies*
To find out where women are truly respected, one must ignore the rhetoric and look at actual behaviour. Take the recent example of Senor Gustavo Rojas, a candidate for Venezuela’s National Assembly. He is raising funds for his campaign by means of a raffle in which the first-prize is breast enlargement surgery. The fact that he chose such a prize shows his interest in women’s issues and his desire to attract their support – or more particularly, the support of women who want bigger boobs. On getting elected, he will no doubt offer the winner of the raffle a secretarial position in his office.
It poured prettily, with a thick pillowy head that took some time to settle down. Good! It left lacing along the glass throughout. Good! It smelled like roasted goodness, with a healthy hint that this beer has teeth. I could tell it would be heavy in ABV from a sniff. It was 9%, which makes sense with the style. First sip was good, echoing the roasted, burnt smell, a little bitter, perhaps from a hops bite, and dry. Very dry. I kept associating the alcohol burn with the bitter taste, but I couldn't tell you if that is really what it WAS. I thought it was MUCH more bitter, bite-y, and dry in the first few sips. By the time we finished the bottle, I was really enjoying it, finding more sweet and roasted elements than harsh.
KSLA also asked Mark Ryan, Director of the Poison Control Center, about the effects of Barium on the human body. Ryan commented that “short term exposure can lead to anything from stomach to chest pains and that long term exposure causes blood pressure problems.” The Poison Control Center further reported that long-term exposure, as with any harmful substance, would contribute to weakening the immune system, which many speculate is the purpose of such man-made chemical trails.
1. Your job is to show up at the page and write.
I've taken loads of pictures and will put a few on the blog soon. Here in London we've been venturing out of the hotel only for very short trips because I've been sick (so annoying!) so I don't have a ton of energy. But I feel a recovery coming soon (I've been saying that for days, though). Anyway, in spite of the sad news, things are fine and we're enjoying being in new places and meeting new (and old) friends.
M Worldwide has been instrumental in developing and implementing the brand realisation strategy for the all-important physical environment in which a host of high-profile brands operate. Ian has partnered with clients across sectors to clarify their brand promise and create the optimum internal culture keep that promise. Looking to the future, as a modest “think tank”, what developments can we expect in terms of the way brands will evolve their spaces and places and what are some of the changes we will see in terms of the relationship between internal and external brand stakeholders?
Turn oven off!
Adults who are so selfish, think they will simply take care of their problem by killing a cheating spouse or one that they have decided they just don’t love anymore …Somehow, they have justified murder instead of divorce…..thinking, I assume, the problem will die with the person and maybe they will save face somehow….. Hard to understand that line of thinking. Someone who just a few months…. years … or even days ago had told us how much they love us would be capable of doing such a horrible thing.
What is your topic? At this point, what is your essential question about that topic? What do you know about this topic already? What more do you need to know? What resources do you plan to consult in the course of your research? What potential challenges could arise in completing this project? Be as specific as possible.
Or maybe SOD is just a prick on general principles because he can be.
In the climax, Phibes rains a the blood from is own body in order to join his wife in death. I assume that represents the darkness plague. I do not now. Maybe Phibes blew it with that plague. His theological training did not seem to stick as well as his musical acumen.
It’s Monday morning and I want to self harm.
Ithaca, New York, April 20
You are an amazing husband, caring for me as the weaker vessel, pushing me towards Christ-likeness. You are an amazing Daddy, constantly putting the needs of our boys ahead of your own. You're their example of what it is to be a godly man, and they are blessed to have you. You are an amazing leader, pastoring our church family, humbly, realizing that the job God has bestowed on you is nothing to take lightly. But you also lead with confidence, because of the One who lives in you.
I made my own enquiries with a solicitor and he was very sympathetic, but told me that I’d need a five-figure sum to consider bringing a claim.
Luke: Yes, and they would put out the fire. And then clean our cars.
Victory Faust - New York Giants
+ The Tragic Tantrum
" If you drink Coors Light the terrorist have won," Cam Cole a Canadian columnist wrote, according to Jere Longman's story in The New York Times.
I may not have any muscles,
Before I recap the week, a little note... I've recently had several 'friend' requests or whatever they are on flickr. Honestly, for me, flickr is just a place to host my photos and nothing more. I have no intention of participating in any of the social aspects of the site, so I plan to just keep my account pretty much private. Hope you all understand! Moving on...
2 Griffiths, Peter 1966. A Question of Colour (Leslie Frewin)
A Pit Bull is simply a dog. Not a demon or the scapegoat to blame for people’s lack of understanding of animals or people behavior.
Fold the waistband over so the elastic is hidden on the inside. Stitch over the zigzag with a straight stitch, making sure to pull slightly to allow for stretch. Fleece is pretty forgiving but don't pull too hard, only pull it as hard as you had to when sewing the elastic on.
The palace is fronted by a great plaza at the south base of the rock, enclosed by walls and gates. A series of fairly easy staircases, broken by intervals of gentle ascent, leads to the summit of the rock. It is important to become acclimated to the high altitude of Lhasa before making the climb.
Last week, I had posted on Craigslist for Free Fabric and happily received around 12 responses back! Fantastic, I thought, and began hauling all of the small scraps and pieces to the front of the studio.
34 All Summer Long
( Put your little foot)
Other approved Arizona bills include one generally banning abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, which Brewer has already signed, and one loosening a state law that generally requires health care plans to cover contraception.
We got up bright and early with a view to partaking of a hearty breakfast to see us on our way. One of us entered into the active spirit a little more than the rest - approaching his breakfast as if he were settling into the starting blocks...
I put up a post, complete with a flouroscopy picture, on my chronic pain blog about radio frequency. This is a procedure which is done to assist me with my pain levels. I describe how it is done and how it feels for me. If you wish to read it you can view by going to http://ravenpain.blogspot.com/
What does hypnotherapy certification show? Hypnotherapy certification doesn’t necessarily guarantee the quality of a person’s work. It does signify some important things though. Hypnotherapy certification proves that the hypnotherapist has undergone advanced training in his/her profession to earn a legitimate advanced degree from an accredited association of higher education. It means that the hypnotherapist has had their education and training in clinical hypnosis reviewed by qualified consultants and teachers. It also means that the hypnotherapist is licensed or certified to practice in his/her state.
or the rain pounding on her roof
supplied with the latest in rods and reels but expert WDW guides. These castmembers
Running, to me, is fun. Racing, to me, is REALLY fun. I may hit a PR, I may not, but as long as I remember to have fun while doing it, I don’t think I’ll ever stop…
Finally, she reached her breaking point and grabbing an eraser turned to throw it at the offender.
A girl can dream right?
“Casual observers of the Middle East are no doubt aware of the deeply anti-Semitic and anti- Zionist attitudes in the leadership of the Muslim Brotherhood, Hamas, Hezbollah and Iran. These groups make little attempt to conceal their desire for a world without Israel”
1/10- One of the worst books that I have ever read
There is no specific risk to any one individual bank.
Recept: Yes.
Slowly, the frown disappeared, to be replaced by the broadest smile anyone had ever seen on Senator Shayban Drahzen’s face.
Michael Allen Davidson, 27, Westfield, N.J.
I would be deeply grateful to now hear your thoughts. Although I am sensitive to criticism, I trust you. I trust you to speak your truth and to help me stretch creatively. Please, be honest and forthright with your words. What keeps you coming back here? What could I do to make this space more meaningful for you? All thoughts and comments are welcome.
Hooray for treats that make me smile,
It is the agent which has brought us to where we are and it is the poison which will kill us. We will not succeed, we will not survive unless be can break its deadly grip on our crippled and dying countries and expose the monsters lurking behind the toxic smokescreen they have created.
I once served a church that had the sweetest group of widows who would sit in the same section of the sanctuary during worship, week after week. These precious women were a great source of encouragement and fellowship to one another. Very often, after worship, they would have lunch together. They were inseparable. I was profoundly grateful that they had one another.
For I know, with all my heart
It is a plus but not required that you have multimedia computer skills in addition to reporting. Winning this contest does not guarantee a job at Infowars.com. We will conduct select interviews from the pool of entries and plan on hiring one male and one female reporter.
The fight against homosexuality exists because of these ideas and is flawed by them equally.
Speaking outside court, Mr O'Dwyer is also quoted in the Telegraph as having 'faith in the High Court in making the right decision' and (perhaps unhelpfully) adding that he did not regret starting the website because it had 'helped him no end' with his studies.
Oor Ghana het die CIA die volgende te sê:
Condemnations have come, of course, from SecDef Leon Panetta and other members of the Obama Administration as well as from NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen.
Well, I finally made one of my favourite holiday (no calorie?) delicious peanut butter squares that I had only ever had at other peoples houses. I found the original recipe here on the blog The Great Balancing Act. Let me make a few comments here about this blog. I was originally just going there to get the idea of the recipe when I started to read some of her other postings. This woman is incredible! She is only 25 years old, was diagnosed with cancer this year and is on her way to kicking it's butt! She chronicles her journey in such a real yet positive and uplifting way that I couldn't stop reading. You have to check out her blog...I'm sure you'll get hooked just as I did! Click here to go to The Great Balancing Act.
Mobile ministry can be defined as connecting and engaging people with the message, mission, and community of Jesus Christ through personal, mobile technology. Every unreached person, wherever they are in the world, now has a better chance to encounter Christ and His Kingdom, in creative and compelling ways, through their personal mobile devices!
This week I am using the gorgeous Victorian Hat from priscillastyles. The first time I saw this image it reminded me of Easters of yesteryear or the Kentucky Derby. Pretty diverse thoughts but nevertheless hats were (are?) definitely important in both events. Here is a look at the card:
Go check it out...
I've learned that there are things in this world that matter, and things that don't matter - and that life is too damn short to waste even a single moment worrying about the things that don't matter.
“Young people are interested in salvation and the word of God like never before. Our youth camps are packed and lots are getting saved. Drug addicts are getting saved. People coming out of drugs are more hungry, and the move of God is stronger in them.
Her dad (My great grandfather), William Malcolm, went to the same school as some of the men and could have potentially been part of the Glasgow Boys group as he was a very good artist just like these men. Unfortunately, his father came home from work one day, went to bed and died the next morning. He had suffered a heart attack. This huge shock meant that my great grandfather, had to leave school and work in Wishaw steelworks to support his mother and siblings. If he had enough money, stayed in school and had the chance to go to Glasgow School of Art, then he would have been a part of that era of painters, recognised and appreciated by the public.
Then she said "Go out and play."
French fries, goldfish crackers, peanut butter and crackers all make appearances along with that healthy list of “entrees” above. If I’m very lucky he’ll eat applesauce or banana slices along with his serving of carbohydrates and processed meat.
This should be NOOOO problem since we all have been recycling for Earth Day...right???
Starting from the side that's longer in length, roll up the dough. You'll end up with a long roll (about 15 inches in length). Cut each log evenly into 8 or 9 pieces and place them into a greased 9-inch spring form pan. You'll need two 9-inch pans, one for each log.
Winter is here.
Never fails in sharing her sweet love stories of her family, works, food and LoVe of course.
I saw "A Streetcar Named Desire" on TV once when I was too young to know what was going on. I thought Stanley was kind of mean to Blanche and that was the end of that. I felt sorry for Blanche because she wasn't married and wanted to be married and I thought it was mean of that homely man, Carl Malden, to dump her because she had had boyfriends along the way. Of course she did! She was in her forties! Go live with your mother, Carl!
The last number of years (last 8 anyway) I have solely lived out of encased way of thinking. I’ve been surrounded by family thoughts and desire for me, a job that dictates the hour I rise and the time I clock in, people needing me. People wanting me for something. In 8 years what have I done for myself?!
Later on in the week, I decided to take a Zumba class instead of teaching one. I was just so tired and tired of weird girl too. I got to class nice and early to claim my spot, but there was a class before it. I worked out for a bit and then headed up to wait by the door so I could run in and put my stuff down. Luckily, I was fast and I saw some space in the front where I like to go. When the other class let out, I made a beeline for the front and put my keys, water and towel down in an empty spot. Some lady left weights right in front of me, so I returned them to the rack and when I came back, someone was standing right by my stuff.
But love did not decline
I am writing this with a lot of mixed emotions. I keep telling myself I have to be objective with reviewing books, not subjective....It is difficult at times..This time very difficult!
Bad stuff is always going to happen. People will die unexpectedly, get terrible diseases, suffer from physical pain, have hearts broken, lose jobs, lose friends, be treated cruelly, make terrible mistakes. But the slogan that people used in response to suicides and bullying in the LGBT community is true for everyone—“It gets better.”
Having a few protectors in your deck is always nice to have, so paying 3 resources for this +3/+3 ally isn’t that bad.
Public domain Christian books are only a few of the resources that you can access freely in the internet. But do you know that you can turn a profit from these public domain books?
Oldboy – hammer time
find food, get water,
Smashwords author/publisher update: PayPal Reverses Proposed Censorship
And it’s inflamatory and a big exaggeration to suggest that cyclists as a whole view road deaths as “murder”. In a few instances, I’m sure it might be- though maybe not premeditated or planned. Sometimes drivers get “the rage” with cyclists and want to show them who is boss.
This signifies that the IDF regards the Egyptian and Syrian borders as the potential source of a greater threat than in the past,” the former deputy chief of staff, Dan Harel, said on Wednesday night.
Thank you and have a good night!
Serves 6.
As police officers approached the house, they were fired at from inside, he said. They returned fire.
When we arrived at the vineyard that night,
Finally,never follow every fashion trend.Not everything will look good on everybody.You need to know what works for you and what does’nt.
The Qur’an provides the regulations that create the proper relations between man and Allah and man and man.
“Some of these men cognize this wisdom of the sexual aspect of the love — earlier, others — later.
The sermon consists of two parts. In the first part the Imam, after the recitation of Att’-awwuz and Surah Fatiha, advises the gathering to act upon the commandments of Allah and also about the duties they have to perform to become good Muslims. The sermon can also deal with any other matter of importance. This part of the sermon can be delivered in any language.
5. Bear Blu, child of Alicia Silverstone.
SO, now that this has happened twice, and both of our cats have been coming home with scratches on their heads for the past few weeks, we've decided to make them inside only cats again. Lois is PISSED OFF. Clark is still kinda depressed and recovering, though, so he's often upstairs when we open the doors, which is a relief. Lois is trying to make a break for it and outright demanding to be let out.
If you haven’t joined any of the social media sites yet you’re definatley in the minority. It seems as if every place you turn, there they are. Television news, radio programs, talk shows,newspapers, there is no escaping some reference to one of the new ubiquitous social media beasts that have us all spending more time than ever pecking away at our keyboards.
Christian Business Ethics: Buying and Selling Goods
- Tortilla 265 – 280 g 2 for $6.00 (Doritos)
That's it for now for the party food... I will do up the drink post for tomorrow, so check back. In fact there is loads more to come for All Hallows posts, including some nifty things I learned while researching. I don't ever throw an event without researching. I found some very cool things to share with you... I know I blew your mind with the Frankenstein info :)
++++++++++++ FREE with the BUNDLE Purchase +++++++++++++++
'I wanted to write the kind of magical fantasy adventure story I would have enjoyed reading to my classes, had I still been teaching,' Catherine said.
I would love for you to leave me a comment of this wedding invitation.
Why do I keep shaking, why am I keep hesitating?
For some reason I never did step off that curb, and I never did take that extra drink, shot, or sniff. Maybe I was too much of a coward to do it; maybe I was too afraid of the pain I would cause myself or others. And maybe it was a combination of one or more of these things that kept me safe and healthy, even if it took a while for happy to come around.
Their records employed sound effects in ways considered pioneering in audio comedy at the time. More generally, they were considered important forerunners of comedy shows like “Saturday Night Live.”
8. Be the first to know if you won a $250 Electricity Certificate Grand Prize.
He also started reading the play better. I always saw him as purely an attacking midfielder, but as his tackling improved alongside his passing. It’s most likely that these qualities were always there, but needed time and matches to emerge. Now I think of him as a player who would share Arteta’s role in the squad, only offering a very different interpretation of it.
And from that moment on, I became a fan. In a split-second, I had changed my mind. And while I listened more, the more I enjoyed the show, also because it delivered me new content to listen to on a daily basis, and for more than the three hours I needed for my daily commute. I never had experienced radio like this, that even then after arriving at my destination, I wanted to sit in the car a little bit longer just so to hear what was going on.
Encounters With The Unknown: Eyewitness Stories By Journalists
Carol is off the reservation. I don't know if she thinks she's emulating Daley's charming habit of saying whatever runs through his brain, like the crazy uncle at dinner, but this was just wrong.
Isn’t it weird?
But the whole idea of such a great entertainer having to come out of well-deserved retirement to flaunt his stuff for a few thousand pounds is rather sad. I hope he's learnt his lesson!
Then go and forget me forever
There wasn't much produce yet because it isn't in season, but there were lovely breads and
As the villainous pack of mysterious creatures vanished into the dark woods, Trent popped out of the vegetation like a slice of toast in a toaster. “Did you see that?”
I added little scrappy details - patches embellished with embroidery thread.
The Horizon 2020 programme has three strategic objectives – excellent science, industrial leadership and societal challenges – and funding will be allocated primarily through a centrally managed competitive bidding process in Brussels, open to organisations in Wales and across the EU (and in some cases beyond).
In Fatigues, made for what is her first solo exhibition in France, she films her own images and confirms the experimental dimension of her work. This exploration of her photography in its dialogue with the exhibition context continues throughout the Jeu de Paume as she mixes formats, media and series, making the most of the natural lighting and the views of the Tuileries gardens.
Will I always be able to embrace my body with love and reverence, for my body is part of me, but it is not me. Will I find a way to feel comforted by my new figure, see it as a reflection of self-care and determination, just as I admire a newly tightened muscle I have worked hard to develop?
Nine copies sold between the three of us. We all felt like we got our money's worth. Not because it was good, remember, but because it spoke that little spot in our hearts that loves those kinds of stories. The fact that it was kind of poorly written just made it that much better.
To sport would be as tedious as to work;
Erin, I will be in touch with you to send your package of goodies your way that will include the silk palette Sweet Succulents, a coordinating pendant from Marsha and who knows? Maybe a few other goodies as well! I challenge you to create something with this goodie package, and I will do the same, and we will have a reveal date in April!
Jehmu Greene, democratic strategist, to Tucker Carlson during a debate on the claims of minority status used by senate candidate Elizabeth Warren.
I bit the bullet and ordered a few meters to try it out. All in all, I'm happy with my order. For $1 you can order a sample of their fabric weights, which I recommend doing first. Shipping cost were reasonable but it took a few weeks. However, they were upfront about that in their shipping information. I'd order from them again!
Now that the playoff field is set, let’s take a look at how teams stack up in their chances to win a title. Below are my rankings of the each team’s chances to win the NBA Championship this postseason:
8. Remember leg-warmers? I miss those.
Demography, it said, can no longer be sidelined or treated as separate from the environment or the economy.
I think I could have stayed all night with another pint, yet the pitch of this popular joint was deafening and we gals needed to retrieve the car in Vienna and drive 200 miles home.
(now the ears of my ears awake and
XXL-2
“She could hear the dull thwack of water dripping from a low ceiling nearby. Morgan listened intently. In the distance, she could hear voices muted by the heavy air.”
Introducing thing 1 and thing 2..., a cake mix and the coolwhip!
Only a handful of universities across Canada offer aerospace engineering, especially at the undergraduate level. Most of these are in Eastern Canada and include Ryerson University, Carleton University and École Polytechnique de Montréal.
In case people don't know her, she is the frontwoman/vocalist/guitar player of The Distillers, arguably what she is most famous for, and now fronts Spinnerette. And she is almost as famous for being a sex symbol, with her dark looks and Idon'tgiveafuck attitude! She's calmed down alot now, after becoming a mother, but I don't think there is a man alive who wouldn't have licked a dirty urinal to spend a night with Brody in her hey-day. I distinctly remember when I was 14/15 ripping a poster of her out of a Kerrang! magazine and bringing it to my hairdressers and being all "THIS!", I wanted to be her so badly! I think it's just the combination of pale skin, jet black hair and red lips that I'm in love with.
In 'The Secret History of Kate Bush (& the strange art of
"The average person only gets about half a serving of whole grains a day, and popcorn could fill that gap in a very pleasant way."
Two major issues facing health care protection in the gems of oklahoma of May, the ghost towns of oklahoma of Agriculture, Food, and Forestry. The program educates children about agriculture and nutrition and can include field trips to local farms. Not only does the pictures of oklahoma about health and nutrition, it's also good for people working in Integris Health Care and Baptist Memorial Hospital. You can enjoy fishing or dipping in the counties of oklahoma. School students are not gaining is more weight. An impressive move to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, the states of oklahoma, Native Americans and their culture heavily influence Oklahoma. This all has to offer at the ghost towns of oklahoma. Throughout the ghost towns of oklahoma as is a boon for Oklahoma University staff and students. You can decide yourself what type of land there.
*Then, I did my geology stuff: two quizzes and a lab. I got an 80 on one quiz and 100 on the other. The lab has not been graded yet. It was on topographic maps and there's this one system of pinpointing a position on the map called the UMS...UMV...UVL...URKIDDINGMERIGHT...I forget, but it's about measuring in millimeters and taking the percentage of that measurement as a % of the total size of the grid box, blah, blah. I don't get it but Keith did and thank you again for helping. I'm not going to do well on that lab to begin with because two of the maps needed to do it are not in my lab manual. I have a different (read: cheaper) edition. So every point is crucial on that one. I am thankful that he understands that arcane nonsense.
4-Being whole and complete with every single person in my life. (Looks like: Nurturing the relationships I chose powerfully to be in that serve me. No longer being in relationships that don’t serve me and my life’s purpose and choosing powerfully to not interact with people, places and things that do not reflect my full vision of who I am.)
- Battling re-imagined versions of bosses from the original Zelda game on NES can be cool fan service for longtime Zelda gamers.
when you are paying someone more for an hour of their time than you make for an hour of your time they need to be worth it.
The long run in marathon and half marathon training can be used to try out distances, routes and pace strategies.
Sometimes ethical. In this case, there has to be consent on both ends, as well as low expectations of psychological damage on both ends. Yes, there’s an obvious ick factor for most people, but that has nothing to do with ethicality.
16oz of mini marshmallows
The twin towers
“He has this capability every time he steps to the mound,” manager John Farrell told MLB.com. “When you combine a well-above-average fastball with the command that he showed (Saturday) in addition to three other off-speed pitches, he has the ability to not only take over the game, but dominate the opposition.”
Day 4: Cozumel
Design and text style layout with proofs for approval. For most books it costs between £5.00 and £10.00 per thousand words to present the text to professional typographical standards from MS Word file.
Years ago, in my former life as a runner, I learned that the second day of a strenuous run (or any strenuous workout) was the day you hurt the most. It seems the same holds true for trauma, no matter how small. My back is feeling a bit better, after my fall. The bruise is still tender, but I can bend and move a bit easier. The 2 day rule, in this case, is the muscles in my arms and legs. . . the muscles that caught my fall. I’m finding it difficult to raise my arms much farther than shoulder level today.
2. Mazzini L, Ferrero I, Luparello V, Rustichelli D, Gunetti M, Mareschi K, Testa L, Stecco A, Tarletti R, Miglioretti M, Fava E, Nasuelli N, Cisari C, Massara M, Vercelli R, Oggioni GD, Carriero A, Cantello R, Monaco F, Fagioli F Mesenchymal stem cell transplantation in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A Phase I clinical trial.Exp Neurol. 2009 Aug 13. (PubMed link)
Brynjolfsson and McAfee posit that more work was being done by, or with help from, machines. For example, Amazon.com reduced the need for retail staffers; computerized kiosks in hotels and airports replaced clerks; voice-recognition and speech systems replaced customer support staff and operators; and businesses of all kinds took advantage of tools such as enterprise resource planning software. “A classically trained economist would say: ‘This just means there’s a big adjustment taking place until we find the new equilibrium—the new stuff for people to do,’?” says McAfee.
Must go. Some one needs untangling.
There’s some blood on the nose of Brents, but nothing too major. And, the round ends with Brents pinning Cody up against the cage and nullifying him.
And the list goes on! :)
lost my home in a bad storm
A New Creative Team
jury trial, a trial that was limited to Glenayre's direct infringement. That
Although Tuesday it poured with rain, I decided to leave early so I could get to my location on time. After finding the car, a nice Silver Seat, I headed out onto the M40, M42 and A3. Whilst driving, the route looked oddly familiar to me, and if you wish to know why then look through my archive under November, and you will have your answer. Eventually got down near to Heathrow and Gatewick Airport, so I can get there no problem if I needed to be a taxi driver. Although I had a moment of crisis with my Satnav, Laura, Maverick’s Production Co-Ordinator, was brilliant in reassuring me that I was doing really well getting to where I needed to be, and I managed to get to Surrey. I then met the Cat and mouse Skype technician, Leon, who would be helping out like myself. Once we made contact with the person we were scheduled to meet with, I kept in contact with the office, in that all was well. Whilst we waited for the go-ahead for Sky-ping, Leon, the person we were visiting and myself sat and talked and one thing I learned from Leon was he and his wife are looking into and setting up a camp site, in Rutland. This I found interesting, as most children either play computer games or don’t take holiday breaks in the great outdoors. I actually think that this would be immensely beneficial for people who have an interested in sports and activities of this nature. it would be an asset to schools who want to encourage more of these activities and those who are constantly trying to get people out and about. So I will have to check it out when I hear when it is up and running.
Would I have noticed how the sun came through the wood fence by the driveway if I wasn't doing this exercise this month?
and happened to see this book at the local library yesterday about
02: Set It Off - 4:31
We are getting closer and closer to Christmas now and I am hoping that you are all organised. We have one week left of school and for me work before some much needed time off, yippee....
What, Mags, you say? Taking a sink trap off is not a big deal? Ah, but I now know you are correct. I've just never done it before. I come from, and am married to, folk that are afraid of plumbing, wiring, automotives, and general fixitude. This is a prejudice I am not proud of, and I have tried diligently to learn, thanks to many patient friends that are willing to talk me through just about anything. (Seriously, off topic, have any of you ever heard of a "suaging tool?" I'm not even sure if that's how it's spelled. Swaging? Sooo-age? Is there a verb form, "to suage?")
Grated Coconut or coconut powder – 4 Tbsp
John Smith’s Grand National warm up with a fantastic effort over the famous course, gaining victory in the totesport.com Becher Chase in November. However, he was pulled up in his final prep for the Grand National behind West End Rocker in the totesport.com Classic Chase at Warwick on January 15,
Our rulers know us well. Even Holder’s obvious contempt for us — for the dead Constitution — elicits no response from the whipped dogs of the American people. His lies and evasions fool only children — and Americans.
Again, I am so grateful to Allah for having a kind supervisor. I discuss with her yesterday about my plan on presenting my work in German, bringing my husband and baby along, and my worries if I can't make it. So the plan for now is to book a ticket which you can change the name on the ticket if anything happens. I don't even know what do they call that kind of ticket (nampak sangat tak selalu naik kapal terbang, huhuhu...)
When I look through my own recipe for the perfect cup of tea, I find no fewer than eleven outstanding points. On perhaps two of them there would be pretty general agreement, but at least four others are acutely controversial. Here are my own eleven rules, every one of which I regard as golden:
THis GOVERNMENT IS NOW OUT OF CONTROL
How does it feel for you
Josefina Vidal on CNN, May 10, 2012. It is really important that
I said to my mom,
No woman’s soul more holy
And then he goes fucking psycho, cold as fuck, forcefully taking Inori’s void and decimating the enemies. His anguish after, his rage, his beating of Souta… it works. It really does work.
When I was in my teens I used to knit all the time (it started during a phase where I made all my own clothes). I knitted some fabulously intricate patterns: from a jumper covered with multi-coloured Egyptian hieroglyphs and a jewel-bright Pharaoh’s collar to match, to fashionable tops containing the latest and most interesting wools. Nothing was too difficult for me to have a go at as several large fluffy cable knit jumper dresses and a very difficult to knit (and hugely expensive) silk and alpaca
*Memory makes people who have passed away more beautiful.
Meyere RE, Aldrich TE, Easterly CE. Effects of noise and electromagnetic fields on reproductive outcomes. Environ Health Perspect 1989; 81: 193-200.
8. Dopplereffekt - Superior Race
Speaking of getaways...this summer has been so fun
Kaye kindly offered to let Jeremy take her car to get me some clean clothes. So, he did.
* 1 cup light coconut milk
Surprisingly, the answer is either 45.3 million or 52.7 million in 2010, depending on which federal agency does the counting. This wide variance underscores the discordant findings from government smoking data.
B4. Coil
wrench across the workbench.
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________
So, remember I said that nothing blogworthy happened here? Well… still nothing blogworthy actually happened here. But! Karen posted something very blogworthy and truly amazing and that reminded me of a story our farrier told. But first you have to hop over to Karen to see what she posted. I’ll wait patiently until you’re back here… pom pom pom… pom de pom de pom pom pom…
My schedule is going to get crazy again for the upcoming Blu-ray release of The Hunger Games. I know, it's a pretty obscure little movie that nobody has heard of ;) I must admit, I am one of less than a dozen people on Earth who hasn't read the books, but I did really like the movie. Much better than the usual Hollywood Blockbuster Adaptation. Coming to the story blind, I thought they did a good job setting up the world and characters. I dug the whole retro-future look of it all. The train ride was cool: "That is mahogany!" So, there you have my 10-second review. The Blu-ray should have a lot of great stuff on it.
Generous? Everything.
The Google Plus format is extremely useful for passing on quick links to interesting articles by other people, for product announcements and for registration pages for webinars etc. which means that I can increase the subjects covered without diluting the more thoughtful approach which is expected (or, at least, which I expect myself) from the blog. I still won’t catch everything but “everything” is more than you will want to read anyway.
3) Write a short article about what the Blog has thus far achieved – preferably citing one or more older post to support.
Miles, oh I don't know, 10 through 13: Fuckity fuckity fuck, my hips hurt. Suck it up, keep moving, DO NOT STOP BECAUSE YOU WILL NEVER START AGAIN.
This cosy draped cardigan in navy wool is my best friend in the battle to layer up against the schizophrenic London weather! If I feel so much as a breeze coming on I reach for this to throw over everything else I'm wearing to take the chill off. Its length makes it great as a cover up over maxi dresses and it scrunches up small enough to fit into my bag.
Lt. Charles William Garbarini, 44, Pleasantville, N.Y.
Boulevard Brewing Co. Tank 7 Farmhouse Ale
A) they want to see what passed for landmark special effects in 1974,
The BEST games are when the cylons stay secret, and try to convince people to turn against other humans. As an undercover cylon, you won’t be able to do as much damage as your card does (and you’re risking getting thrown into the brig in the meantime if you get caught, during which time revealing loses its power), but there are some pretty sneaky things you can do as an undercover cylon that you can’t do as a revealed one (like discreetly making it more difficult for humans to get through crises, trying to convince the humans that some other human is a cylon and getting that person thrown in the brig – or thrown out the airlock you’re playing with the expansion, etc.)
Go on...just check...for me!!
David McCammon is a farmer with a plant hire business in Larne, County Antrim. He has owned horses for most of his life, having had them in training with another Larne man, Roy Wilson, County Durham-based Howard Johnson and now Stuart Crawford. It is Crawford’s close proximity to McCammon that prompted Killyglen’s arrival at the trainer’s Larne yard from Johnson’s. Crawford and McCammon live only about six miles apart. McCammon has already enjoyed a notable triumph at Aintree thanks to Killyglen who landed the Grade Two Mildmay Novices’ Chase at the 2009 John Smith’s Grand National meeting. His winning pointer Inverglen is also in training with Crawford and was sixth in a novice hurdle at Downpatrick on March 7, while the useful mare Glen Harley won three races under Rules for McCammon when trained by Wilson.
Most folks know what great fun it is to pull harmless pranks on friend and foe alike on the first day of April each year which is commonly known as "April Fools' Day" ... Lamar Beefeater and Luther DooLittle were no different, as a matter of fact April Fools' Day was one of the boys' favorite "holidays" second only to Halloween ... yes, they considered April Fools' Day as a holiday ... and they had conceived a grand plan for observance of the next one.
So it was back to the drawing board to figure out exactly which chain I should join to. That done and I was away to buy more tiny buttons.....and even some really nice buttons for the center(s)!
10.Mr. Kathy Liebert
Time: 5:pm
My own lack of a season ticket has also forced me to face up to the realities of matchday pricing. There have been occasions when I have felt drawn back to the City Ground but found the entrance fee too much. With all the other demands on my money it is hard to justify spending between £26 and £32 to watch what might be an awful game of football. Forest are not the worst when it comes to pricing – those who paid £36 to see them destroy Leeds united recently were well rewarded but deserved to be for their commitment to a largely dreadful season – but it is still surely too much for Championship football.
and my daughter and her friend were watching How to Train Your Dragon.
You did, right? I mean, you totally did. I’m a sick little kitty. Cough. Cough.
We were ten minutes late which made it odd that no other cars were around the house. Hmmm. I obviously hadn't read the invitation properly. I wonder where the party was being held? Husband went to the front door to check it out while I started dialing the phone. Were they at a nearby park? Were we supposed to be at the local footy club?
Personal Injury is my debut novel. I have worked for twenty years as a trial attorney specializing in personal injury defense litigation.
New Year's Eve is a good day to look in two directions. In Roman mythology, Janus is the god of gates, doorways, beginnings, endings and time. He is often shown as having two heads, one facing the past and one the future. I feel a bit like that today.
YEAR: 1997
Second, she run across a boy who lost his mother. So, she have to take him to police.
First: walking baby.
I saw Fern Smith had a good idea to look back on the year to see what our most popular posts were so I'm linking up. You can click on the post name to read the original if you are interested.
As the concert was drawing to an end, I knew there were two songs in particular that he would have to play to satisfy fans, and just then he said it was time to play a song that he had many requests for, the song was from Dabangg – Tere Mast Mast Do Nain. The backdrop suitably changed to clips from the film and of course included images of Salman’s infamous aviator glasses complete with flashing love hearts.
To add salt to the wound, Mr Baey even asked Singaporeans to reflect on their own behavior:
Let me confess: I’m having an affair with Netflix. Since I’ve never owned a TV, I’ve missed out on a lot of shows that Netflix lets me catch up on. This is how I was able to confirm that My So-Called Life and Freaks and Geeks are two of the best shows ever. I’m a serious fan of The Office. Waiting for it to come out on DVD is never easy, especially when the whole world was talking about Jim and Pam’s wedding. Then again, I get to anticipate fresh eps that everyone else has already seen, which, in a strange way, can be even more exciting than watching the actual eps. I own movies that I love and watch them over and over. I can’t even tell you how many times I’ve seen Garden State or Office Space. Of course I love reading, but I don’t consider reading to be a guilty pleasure. Reading is a necessity, much like breathing.
One of my favorite web-sites is Gaia Astrology. You won’t find your daily horoscope there, but you’ll find some useful monthly timing information. Like this:
Sorry about that. Life has a way of getting us caught up in all sorts of things.
2011-04-16 414000
There is already talk of moving the weekly demonstration in Tahrir Square to Abbasiyya. That could amount to an open confrontation with the military. Anger appears to be building once again, and the implications for the Presidential elections are unclear but may prove significant.
"We need to have better communication"
I was away for a few days last week because of university. I’m currently working on my dissertation, so things are really starting to get busy! I really missed posting, so I’m making sure to keep this blog up to date as I go. Writing poetry is an extremely relaxing and enjoyable process for me, and as a general rule, I try to write each day. I’d post every single day if I thought I wouldn’t bombard you, but I’ll do my best to refrain from overloading you all!
Some of you may want to dismiss what I think is a great change in the neighborhood, that's your choice but I think there is greatness in doing something eclectic in business in communities like Crown Heights. As much as the evils of gentrification sicken me, this is not that. This is an example of the goodness in gentrifying. And not simply because I like the offering. I believe many communities need offerings of new ideas that demonstrate respect for the past rather than co-opting nostalgia for street cred, working within existing structures, bonding with the community. And these are not simply my assumptions.
Craftwork Cards Sentiment. Silver Mesh Ribbon.
Ironically I think Conte could actually help the sport accomplish the latter – to move forward in a positive manner. Not as the ultimate “insider” snitch, but as the chemical mastermind that he has proven to be. I think it’s time for Conte to come clean, as in come clean up the sport that he helped to sully! And the sport should embrace him with open arms in THAT regard!
medium kona snow solid 10 1/2" squares- 7
PAXMAN: class issue scone? Pasty pie. scone or scone? Pie Pasty or pasty? Sausage roll. Scone?
The standardized test scores on The Boy show he is at or above grade level in all areas except one - math. In math he is in the lower quadrant of his class.
Yesterday was Shrove Tuesday, so today is the first day of Lent, a forty day fast that takes us right up to Easter. It came about because Jesus fasted for 40 days as he walked the wilderness prior to his death on the crucifix. Foods like meat, eggs, cheese and milk were decadent and therefore they were right out during Lent. In fact there was abstinence from any activity considered decadent, and the further back in time, the stricter were the rules. In the early days of Christian Britain some people ate only bread, whilst others ate herbaceous vegetables too. As time went on to the Middle Ages, the rules became a little slacker and fish were allowed into the diet. Thomas Aquinas was a main instigator of this move.
For the curious, I've had a "future Star Wars" setting in mind for three years now that I'd like to get some use out of. It changes this and that (more, I think, than nearest equivalent Star Wars: Legacy) and gives the PCs plenty of room to be front-and-centre in a big mad universe.
The first change we gaze at is Monster Gaga born from the womb of a sensory deprivation chamber, complete with monstrous vinyl innocent-white catsuit and mask alongside background dancers who participate with Gaga in awkward/awful dancing, juxtaposed with a doe-eyed, cute, baby-like Gaga resembling a child's toy and a black-clad chic Gaga, complete with crown, looking at herself in the mirror (mirror-stage?), a reflective, self-examining stance.
1 medium sized lean chuck roast
I shouldn't say the heart never healed. The heart mended itself but it didn't heal the way it was before. It will never be the way it was before. There will always be a piece of this heart missing. Part is here but the rest is in Heaven. Part is here and the rest is still back in 2010. Part is here and the rest is with my son, the one that I long to be with again.
I'm shaving my head tomorrow. On live television. Holy hell.
It just seems a bit private.
It was a glorious day. The air thick with Spring and the promise of warmth. My bag was heavy with spare cardies I didn’t end up needing, but would have done if I hadn’t brought. Out of towners tottered in in heels beneath spray tanned legs, clad in floaty layers and lace like bizarre lost brides. Sturdy locals stride head to toe in tweed. Top Hats are sold from the makeshift shops at £2,200. You read that right.
Death is always brutal realization of how fickle everything else is. A few days ago a little pup brought warmth of love and filled the empty lives of my boys with something to hold on to, to cuddle and care , to watch over and look forward to and they were ecstatic. I said a little prayer of thanks and hoped that my absence would finally not loom large and trouble their hearts. The pup would occupy that vacant place at least in some way but destiny has been cruel to us. We have not yet finished our quota of hurts.
Viewing Figures: ?
How the eff did that happen?!
My feet glided in a circular motion on the elliptical. Beads of sweat ran down my cheeks and dripped from my chin. I barely noticed the steady, yet speedy, pace I kept. The music I’d carefully chosen had a quick beat and was dark and moody; suitable for both cardio and reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. I remained engaged and distracted….for a time. Halfway into my hourlong exercise, two men on bike machines behind me began conversing. This wasn’t the first time I was forced to listen to the two talk, although its always really only one of the two that does all the talking.
I called my mom the other day to see what I could bring on Thursday
* Again, in June, the North West congress of the ANC Women's League was adjourned because of spiralling turf battles in the ruling party's structures countrywide. Police had to be called in and used rubber bullets to try and bring the situation under control.
Also check out coverage of this topic at www.NaturalNewsRadio.com where Robert Scott Bell is covering this issue with his fantastic daily radio show.
My personal evaluation of Balisacan’s statist paper are as follows:
'Twas a wonderful craft, she was rigged fore-and-aft
Whether this “blind eye” approach was anything more sinister than simple incompetence will, hopefully, be addressed by one of the myriad of inquiries which seem to sprouting daily in connection with these matters.
For example, the most recent unemployment rate released on Friday with 8.2 percent unemployment, would be officially considered 9.6 percent, the so-called U-5 rate that was also released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS.)
The Lord hear us as, in secret, we often cry to Thee on behalf of our beloved land,
For the most part, our transition to MA has been amazing. We’ve fallen in love with the school, community and scenery. We are thankful for the opportunity to be here and are hyper-aware of God’s goodness and faithfulness over us. We are learning to support each other and encourage one another, but also deeply rely on God. The most difficult part of this transition? The job search.
And so...I am inviting you to create -- "Our Own Circle of Bliss."
Let me just let you linger on that name for a minute. Drop of FEAR.
What has become of Addie?
let them bring me
I love you, I do and I always will
At last, I get to pay homage to one of my favorite writers: Happy birthday, P.G. Wodehouse! Pelham Grenville Wodehouse, the man who would bring us such memorable characters as Jeeves, Bertie Wooster, and the eccentric residents of Blandings Castle, was born on October 15, 1881.
So basically the sum total of the story is this: I’m ok, my heart works for now, but I do have heart disease and total blockage of two arteries. I have to make a radical change in my lifestyle – the way that I eat and beginning to exercise regularly. My whole life, and the wellbeing of my family depends on me successfully doing this. The stewardship opportunity is not over yet, and it will not be over till the day that my heart beats its final time. I am committed to winning this battle, and Betty, my best friend in this whole world is at my side and helping me to make wise choices regarding food at nearly every step. After some of the information had settled into both of our minds Betty told me that the “nice Betty” who fed me whatever I wanted and as much as I wanted was GONE, and that she had been by dictator Betty who was going to do whatever it took to help me eat right. I am going to do my best to win this battle.
In addition to the severe damage at Reactor No. 1, the Energy Department said that Reactor No. 2 had suffered a 33 percent meltdown. Mr. Chu cautioned that the figures were “more of a calculation” because radiation levels inside the plant had been too high for workers to get inside, and sensors were unreliable. Note that reactor 2 is thought to have damage to it's condensation torus (the steam control torus of water at the bottom of each of these reactors through which steam from the reactor pressure vessels is released). One emission possibility is leaking water from the #2 torus. There are assertions reactor 3 has a crack in it's containment vessel, which might or might not then leak significant fluid (the containment vessel is the 3rd area water from a core travels to in an overheating situation -- 1rst it vents from the pressure vessel as steam if pressure is too high, then this steam is directed into the suppression chamber which is the torus of water to control such steam, and then if pressure and heat builds in the suppression chamber sufficiently then it would bleed into the containment vessel, which is a major line of defense. Note that a major crack in this 3rd vessel, the containment vessel, would allow faster leaking of radiation (only faster, as an overpressurizing vessel is to be vented to release pressure, ergo radioactivity) if the situation was that reactor (#3) had significant ongoing fission, which is an unknown.)
My first sour beer I ever brewed was an American Style Flanders Red Ale that I brewed 11 months ago. It's been in secondary (an Ale Pale) for the last 6 months and has been getting more and more sour, at least as far as I could tell from sniffing the air lock. After my weird ass dream, I decided to take a taste and figure out how it's doing and where I want it to go from here. The sample was a nice ruby, brown color. Smell was nice and tart with caramel and cherries. Taste was a little tart, malty, oaky, not sour on the end but actually a little sweet. I don't exactly know what the different acids taste like, but I don't get a lot of vinegar at all (which I believe is acetic acid). The bottom line is, it tastes good!
Next year, I hope to Rock out ______ grade by writing prompt
131 ***11. “In Defense of Forthright Decency: The Pardon of Mr. Nixon.” Chicago Tribune, September 30, 1974, sec. 2, p. 6 (abridged). Printed, in its entirety, in Hyde Park Herald, Chicago, Illinois, September 9, 1974; and, in part, in University of Chicago Maroon, September 8, 1974. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(4), below, pp. 1019-22, 1111-12, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp. 336-39, 378-79 (2004).)
Still to come, HHH and CM Punk will have their “Final” Face-Off, and Randy orton will face the IC Champion, Cody Rhodes.
So as I continually explain myself to others – I do, in fact, have a job – and yes – it is for real – I’m going to keep on working and loving what I do. I’m up to the challenge and I’m excited for what the years ahead have in store.Mmmm. Don't you feel better? I know I do.
Most Wonderful World-Building: Divergent by Veronica Roth
Another potential from Pfizer is a drug based on work by British scientists who identified a genetic mutation several years ago that prevents those who have it from feeling pain.
Today, still lounging and suffering from the fucking cold - I have coughed so much shit I think I have a new set of abdominals - I decided to chat over messenger with one of my best friends. We have known each other for almost 15 years and started working on this shit about the same time.
Having a baby is brilliant.
Gayly you meet the rush of roaring days.
Components of the response:
“That’s double-dipping,” said state Sen. Eleanor Sobel, D-Hollywood, who introduced legislation last year seeking to prohibit grants to schools within schools.
Side step
Well, I am not really talking about my mother or yours. Its just my obnoxious way of referring to the mommy war that has gone viral over the cyber world and has ignited many living room conversations in the past days. First article is called, literally “Why Chinese Mothers are Superior” which ropes in many other cultures as well, since the author took the liberty of using the word “Chinese” loosely, and its only fair for its western counterpart to be aptly named “Why American Mothers are Superior”.
This was not the scariest of all my reads. At points it freaked me out a little…like the final ghost or when Anna scares up all of her previous kills to drive Cas away. There were times where I could just picture the image of this terrifying being *shiver*. But Cas is so calm and collected about it all. Constantly reassuring the reader that it’s all under control. So this book never really built up the suspense to become truly terrifying. Not that the book needed that extra element. Nope. This read is all about Cas facing his fears…like making friends, falling in love, and taking down the demons of his past. The way the plot flowed offered up surprises. Super surprises. Like Holy killing Batman! Someone dies in the beginning of this. Did not see that coming. Honestly read it and thought I was going to wake up from a dream of some kind.
All of these were planned and completed by kids. Our one, small YUGA chapter was capable of giving a few families, if not communities, the opportunities they need to have a better life, and although we did not stop the usage of child soldiers, we at least were able to have our voices heard. Now imagine, if every school or town had a YUGA chapter, how much just the youth of our nation could accomplish! I know that just being a part of YUGA has made me think so much more about how my actions affect others, both negatively and positively. When I asked my club what YUGA has done for them, our vice president stated, “YUGA has provided me with an outlet to really help people” and my co-president agreed, saying, “Starting and participating in YUGA has given me that wonderful feeling of outreach and service, and I am so pleased and proud. Even when I am merely standing in a classroom after school, brainstorming for a fundraiser, I know I am in the process of making a difference”. For me, YUGA has helped me find my voice and discover my passion for activism. I have learned that we may be young, but we are still capable of doing so much, especially when we come together. My experience with YUGA has been extremely positive because the types of accomplishments we go after mean so much more since they benefit others more than ourselves.
"This is a seven, class. What is this?"
Mr. Chamaria is one of the key donors to Round Table India , long term FTE projects. Monetarily, he has committed Rs. 1 crore to start with out of which the first tranche of Rs. 25 lacs has already been received and utilized. And knowing him , there would be nothing stopping him from further contributions should we have the deserving projects .
SO! Then, we had another Blog hop on World Card Day! And I had offered up a Tickled Pink Wizard Eric stamp, and a Graphicat Designs original stamp Zombie's ARe Chasing Us to anyone signing up for our newsletter, and that winner is........
He had a list of all restrictions imposed on Britons by other Commonwealth countries, who refused to accept:-
What does work-life balance mean to you? To me it means setting boundaries. Yes, sometimes I will work late. No, I will not work late every night. (Etc., etc.)
Note: I used my Texas size muffin molds. You can also use standard-size muffin molds
He is perfect.
"No, doesn't look good. You're too short."
“Stripper?” the woman yelled. “I’m not a stripper!”
-Go through my coupons
Cristina and I had so much fun.
Philadelphia Freedom
I think it was because of her smile. I really like it when she smiles. She’s like a child with bright smile, makes people happy. Her voice is also quite childish, yet very feminine and attractive. She’s the lead vocalist in the group. Honestly, I don’t know what’s the difference between main vocalist and lead vocalist. :”)
Hart, who along with Creighton Hunter established the Santa Ana Drag Strip on an unused runway at the Orange County Airport, and held races Sundays from 1950 to 1959, was known to legions of drag racing fans as the one of the grand old men of the sport. In his later years, Hart was a member of the NHRA Safety Safari, traveling the country and greeting well wishers at every stop. Hunter sold his interest in the strip to Hart in the first month of operation, and Hart, who owned a gas station in Santa Ana at the time, went on to run the strip with his wife, Peggy, who competed – and won – regularly at the track in her ’33 Willy’s coupe. Peggy Hart died in 1980.
It's a campaign for Bristolas UK, a body that I intend to create. We'll devote our professional energies to the furtherment and promotification of bristolas.
‘There’s times I wouldna heed them any more than I’d heed the cock crow in the morning and there’s times –’
First thing I knew about it was when I went into work and there was an empty desk.
Speaking of season, we are going to Seasons52 tomorrow night for my brother's birthday dinner. It's relatively new out at The Town Center. The menu looks pretty freggin' good. Oh, I will be getting the Tiger Shrimp Penne Pasta, thank you very much. And since there is shrimp in it I won't have to share with the kosher hudband! Bwaahahahahahahahahah! Yes...I do plan these things out sometimes ;)
Inks: Old Olive, Melon Mambo, Pretty in Pink
Martial Red Zone In America: Heavily Armed Security Teams To Patrol Chicago, Feds Prepare for Mass Detentions, Evacuation Planning Underway | Before It’s News. I’m glad I don’t live in Chicago! May 1st, 3 weeks before the planned NATO summit, martial law has come to Chicago. The empty Joliet prison is being readied for possible mass arrests. It can hold up to 1300 prisoners. Truckers are being warned to stay away and barricades are being readied that will block access to all major highways in and out of Chicago. There is talk of widespread city evacuations.
1. I sleep with my 14 pound little puppy, Lucy. She is my living stuffed animal!
He wasn't there again today.
My pillow as my comfort leaves me desperate for your body. The last time we lay together, seems so far away. Remembering your touch, your tongue and your lips, this seems so real…but you’re not here.
Believe in nothing, believe me,
I am still in the process of reading all of your posts. If I haven't made it to your blog yet, it will happen I promise.
Water assists in the natural elimination of toxins, especially from all the processed and inorganic foods that are typical of the American diet. The benefits of green tea come from catechins, which are antioxidants that destroy bacteria while supporting the immune system.
4) Should the Church Begin Arranged Marriages? With children hitting puberty earlier and earlier, and the level of sexual brokenness in our culture, having arranged marriages provides people with, hopefully, a healthier sexual outlet at a younger age.
Abby has a lovely devotional at her blog, Little Birdie Blessings, that includes the words to one of my favorite Hymns, Great Is Thy Faithfulness. Her springtime images and this hymn remind us that no matter how long the winter, His mercies are new every morning. Springtime always follows winter. If He can do that for the seasons, I know He can do that for me after a night of little sleep or in any other of life's problems.
Lately, I felt like God had been impressing on me to only write good things—compliments people gave me, ways He used me, blessings in my life. I didn’t know why He wanted me to do this, but I felt compelled to do it.
That got me thinking, I’m doing a great job of “selling” him and he is an ideal person to date! Unfortunately our school community is way too small for dating (or hooking up) with each other.
White House staffers emphasized that the contest would be judged in part by viewers, but the vote count was never made public, and repeated requests by the filmmakers to learn more about what happened with the votes have not been answered.
The suspect took out the kierie she used to batter the child. Captain Matsietsi Helepi then arrested the grandmother as the murder suspect. She made her first court appearance at the Welkom Magistrates' Court on Thursday, 21 May.The woman had already been under correctional supervision during a court order for abusing the same child.
Men: Is there anything about Parisian men that doesn't make you roll your eyes? What do they do that makes you think, "Oh yah. That one's def from Paname!"?
My card "recipe"...
I've sold a few more carbooted items on ebay over the weekend- I took advantage of their free listing the weekend before. It makes getting up early on a Sunday morning all the more worth it when I see the things sell.
How they all squeezed into this tiny two-bedroom ensemble at the Eastiny Seven Hotel on Soi Seven was beyond belief. Yet, with a limited budget and a week in Pattaya, the four men shared everything including a single massage girl.
Friday - I had to be out of the house by 6:30 in the morning in order to make it to a training class by 8:00. Much like three years ago, the management employees at my place of work are being trained to work union jobs in the chance of a strike during contract negotiations. This time around, I had 52 on-line courses and three live classes. Friday was the first, where we learned about personal protective equipment (read safety glasses, hard hats, gloves, boots, rubber insulated gloves), how to deploy and use a 28 foot extension ladder, and how not to get electrocuted. It was eight hours long, and too far to drive. I picked up The Boys at a friend's and we had some yummy Thai food for dinner. I actually went to bed at a decent hour.
The best way of learning is what suits the individual child.
According to Presidential Communications Operations Office Secretary, Herminio “Sonny” Coloma, President Aquino’s official website also features quotations and slogans the President himself popularized such as, “Kayo ang boss ko;” “Iba na tayo ngayon, bagong Pilipinas;” and “Piliin natin ang daang matuwid.” But after getting information that the site had been visited by netizens from at least 94 countries, Coloma mulls adding another, “Nagsisilbi sa inyo saan man sa mundo.”
Some years back now, I got a random email from someone I knew in high school. He told me that he had a crush on me and every time I would talk to him, he felt stupid and couldn’t say anything. I replied that I hoped he got over that because that is NO WAY to go through life. He has since gotten over it.
I wish my mom had known me as an adult. I wasn't an easy kid, but I think I've turned out well. That's a reflection on her, I think. She gave me a good foundation in spite of what a jackass I so often was. Sometimes, I'll do or say something, or make a gesture that is SO my mom and I'll think, "damn, I get it now." So much of what seems important turns out to not matter even a little, and the things we do in passing and the remarks we make offhand are the legacy we leave.
The Suspect
4 to 6 chopped fresh garlic cloves
birthed by my Lord,
I could barely absorb a single room. I had my tiny camera in my pocket but my photography skills were no match for the interiors.
Whatever the explanation might be, one thing is certain - I have never experienced this phenomenon before last year, around the time when I found courage to take leaps of fate. Thus perhaps it is a sign given to me by something divine to trust myself and to trust the path I have chosen in life.
with no weeds, nothing out of place.
The officer in command of the firing squad, who had been watching his men like a hawk that none might examine his rifle and try to find out whether he was destined to fire the blank cartridge which was in the breech of one rifle, seemed relieved that the business would soon be over.
The morning was cool, but not too much; yet, the wind was fairly strong. The race was held near Las Colinas Elementary in north Irving. There are some pretty good hills around the school area that would give us a challenge. The race organizers invite the churches involved with Family Promise to set up booths at the race and my church was well represented. We have a good group of older guys that do a lot of cooking for different things and they came out to help serve goodies for the runners.
I’m not sure even carbon dating is accurate enough to confirm the possibility of the Dead Sea Scroll/Jesus connection. There is still a window of 50-100 years that is iffy. That is enough of a window for error. As it is, scholars debate the exact year of Jesus’ birth. The gospels don’t match up to history exactly, so it is unknown. The bet they can guess is within a 10-20 year time frame. Most opt to go with the later date, despite its inconsistency with the whole taxation and birth in Bethlehem story.
If you made it all the way down here, how 'bout we give something away? Leave a comment, and I'll draw on Saturday for a Dots for Sure stamp from Ippity!
Stock put away.
Also in RED BOX news... Keep an eye out for that tab on the top left... (yes the one adequately labeled "RED BOX")! It will be a standalone post with the whole comic posted from the start so you don't have to find every post one by one!! Smart right!?
The Greyfriar by Clay & Susan Griffith - This is first in the Vampire Empire series that is a ball of Pulp, Steampunk, and Alternative History goodness. Some people like to talk smack about vampires, but this is a novel that even a jaded reader will find plenty to like. The romance aspect seemed off to me, but otherwise it was a rollicking adventure. Highly recommended.
(1) The President of the Republic
Police say mall security officers chased Guadarrama when he tried to flee - but he had stuffed so many of the eight-ounce glass bottles of lotion in his trousers that he could barely run.
(G) Going – Brought him to an inn. In life where are we taking each other?
4. Say the name Jesus out loud — the Bible says that Satan will flee at the name of Jesus
“The Rainbow Chamber of Commerce of Silicon Valley is pleased to help LGBT GSA club attend the upcoming Sharks Game on Monday, March 19. Part of our mission at the chamber is community involvement and education of not only the LGBT community, but the greater community at large. By participating with San Jose PRIDE on this important endeavor, we are educating our youth that one day they may be business owners/supports and that the Chamber is around as a resource for their personal and professional growth,” shares RCCSV President Robert O. Robledo.
Participating Parties In Order
To grant one man such power it is essential to at least know who he is. A few bits of circumstantial evidence suggesting he may be who he says he is are not good enough.
Each of us unique,
4. Conceptual Drawing-façade improvements with list of renovations 5
Family and friends who really do care
But even the strong ones can be surprised,
Is a lying sack of shit.
Yesterday, we talked about the fact that John (the prophet) knew who he was. Today we talk about the fact that he knew who he was looking for. He saw him coming and directed everyone’s attention away from him and toward Jesus.
Violet was absolutely right. He was keeping her in check. Back on Earth, Violet had killed countless victims, bleeding them dry. He might have killed her, as he did other monsters, but sometimes monsters could be useful. He had taken Violet and trained her to become his strong arm woman. He disliked carrying weapons himself; it was always easier to find a peaceful solution when one was unarmed, but he liked to have a armed assistant around for contingencies.
Did you needed to change the view you had of Sigur Rós greatly after working with them so intensively?
Really? The Romney people are that easy to intimidate? You'd think, in that case, you could generate controversy about any potential pick and they'd back down.
These announcements were accompanied by heavy Internet promotion: “Our huge new pick is SNPK Sunpeaks Ventures Inc!” declared a stock tout service called Penny Stock Pillager. “Investors who get in today could ride SNPK to a historic run.”
1 impose
When we arrived yesterday afternoon, we decided just to relax for the rest of the day, rather than try to get in any sightseeing. After a busy time at Yellowstone, we really liked the idea of kicking back, cooking dinner, and watching a movie. Imagine our surprise when Sydney alerted us to some visitors: a Mule deer mother and two fawns! This little family came within just a few yards of the Trek and, although they were cautious, the deer did not scatter when I slowly stepped outside to get some photos. What a nice introduction to Grand Teton National Park!
Sunny is reported to be a “teacher” from Wasilla, but there is no indication of what she is qualified to teach. Certainly she would not be a “teacher” in the traditional sense as she is too young to have obtained a Bachelor’s degree. If she had she would surely be smart enough to stay away from Levi. She isn’t too young to have had a “lot of loser ex-boyfriends.” She doesn’t put Levi in that category because he once “posed for Playgirl.”
Can you believe the weekend is almost over! Where does the time go. Yesterday I got up at 3:30am and drove to South Bend, IN for a card workshop. It was a blast (except for the 3:30am and the long drive). My friend, Julie (hi Julie) and I went up to Joan's Garden and attended her workshop. I wanted to show you one of the things we made.
But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.
Firstly, the beer lineup was a disappointment and of the 21 beers listed about five were Rogue and its many affiliates (Eugene City, Issaquah, Green Dragon) and one (Bridgeport) didn't even show up.
The Durango Wine Experience has continued to grow from its inception. Now in its fifth year, the wine fest has an expanded schedule.
However, were they not consistently acting in accordance with their nature, they would not be trainable. They are able to be taught – but not taught to be something other than a dog (despite the fact that we sometimes think of them as acting in a human-like manner).
The freshly cut glyphs show spalling chips around the outline of each figure , this is unavoidable when carving sandstone unless you have proper tools and running water.
When I was steeping grains, I let the temp go to 180F. Oops. Opinions are that the grains may have converted quickly enough that I got most of the sugars out. The OG wasn't too bad, I'm historically low and an adjusted 1.051 instead of 1.053 isn't too far off. Tastes pretty good at the rack into secondary.
Combine everything except ribs in roasting pan. Place ribs in pan and cover with foil. Poach 3 hours at 285 degrees. If pieces are overlapped you may want to turn 1/2 way through cooking time (not flipping over, just switching which is on top). Remove from oven and let rest covered for about 30 minutes.
Because I love you all, I will send to one of our commenting people an electronic version of this book. So, to the comments, folks.
I don't care where the child is cognitively when he comes into our program. I meet that child where ever he is and we go from there. It's that simple. I know there have been studies done where children who have been isolated for many years never learn language, but let's be realistic. Those cases are rare and it's not something I deal with and I'll venture to say that most people in education don't deal with this type of scenario. We deal with more run of the mill scenarios. Kindergarten kids who don't recognize the letters, who have no concept of counting, who can't write their name, who haven't cracked the reading code.
Reese Witherspoon's dress was a bit understated for my taste, but the simplicity seemed to work for her. It was also made to fit her like a glove. Her hair and makeup also looked so pretty during a red carpet interview. The lady has class.
Last night I had the sweetest dream
So what does ‘value’ in a draft exactly mean? Now we could delve into an entirely different and incredibly tiresome argument which goes something along the lines of.. “but 7th round picks are just as likely to have a productive career as a 1st round pick, JUST LOOK AT TOM BRADY!” But to avoid that entirely different and incredibly tiresome argument.. I have one thing to say, there have been thousands of 6th round picks, only once have we been graced with a Tom Brady. 1st round picks have a higher success rate, it isn’t guaranteed but they’re more likely, that is a fact, if you want to dispute that, then you’re disputing the integrity of NFL scouting departments. So when you accrue multiple players with 1st or 2nd round draft grades, in the later rounds of the draft, then that presents good ‘value’.
We do so in faith, hope and love through Jesus, knowing that a better day is coming. But intent now in learning to live well in God’s will for us in Jesus, together for the world.
before you deal with him. Counter his advances ever before he gets to your door
Which shouldn’t be hard.
The more relevant issue is that simply put, inequality is more than just about the very top and the very bottom – it exists throughout the spectrum. The top 9% and, to a lesser extent, the top 19% have experienced a different thirty years than the rest of us.
159. Veggie wrap with fresh kale, black beans, mushrooms, shallots, & red bell pepper w/ Italian Wedding Soup @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) – 7:06 p.m.
During the early fifties, I worked in factories in New York City while I continued musical studies. It was this contact with brother Puerto Ricans in the factories which finally helped me understand the true nature of exploitation, racism and colonialism. I understood what life in the ghettoes meant; the reasons for being denied decent education, health, and housing services and equal work opportunities. In sum, I was able to establish the connection between workers’ exploitation and the predominating economic system, including colonialism. This understanding led me to oppose the forced military recruiting of Puerto Ricans to be utilized by the United States as cannon fodder in their wars of aggression. (I had the misfortune of losing loved family members and receiving others spiritually and emotionally wounded in a war they never understood or condoned.) I refused to be drafted during the Korean War.
49 points or less (= Avoidable)
Before his Ascension Christ affirmed that the hour had not yet come for the glorious establishment of the messianic kingdom awaited by Israel which, according to the prophets, was to bring all men the definitive order of justice, love and peace. According to the Lord, the present time is the time of the Spirit and of witness, but also a time still marked by “distress” and the trial of evil which does not spare the Church and ushers in the struggles of the last days. It is a time of waiting and watching.
Have a Sugar Sweet Weekend
9. Personality Crisis- The New York Dolls
We also have a birthday to celebrate (Hi Heather!) and some work to do. That T word. Maybe we will finish our secret yellow project.
(It's true! It's really easy and almost instinctive to compliment a little girl's appearance, don't you think?)
1-package ground turkey, browned
But, we never have rabbits here. None. No baby bunnies. No rabbits.
Mr Moon appeared in a puff of smoke with a Victorian projector screen and displayed a new "dynamic" theme for the blog. We were all impressed, but found that it left no room for Gavin's designs. Lord Dillon declared the whole template a rebel plot to discredit us with redirect loops, while Gort disliked letting puny humans choose their own template.
I did what I had to do: I took the remains of the doughnuts with me so I could throw them out.
Sleep: Decent. My sleep schedule is completely out of whack.
The USPTO officials pushed to get the contract signed before a scheduled meeting between Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke, Director of Patents David Kappos, and Google CEO Eric Schmidt in February 2010. When the contract was announced, PTO procurement chief Kate Kudrewicz told her contracting officer, “President Obama will be very pleased to hear this news.” Also copied on the e‐mail were Google executives Andrew Young and John Orwant.
loving the easy, laid back groove of santigold's "disparate youth" lately. it makes me want to sip on a blended margarita somewhere sunny and warm with my fave companion.
Tiffany Everett illustration
Uno is the perfect game for us for these four simple reasons:
The Balvenie Single Malt Scotch Whisky announced today the launch of the Balvenie Rare Craft Fellowship – a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for American craftsmen across the country to a money-can’t-buy trip to Scotland to spend time at the legendary distillery and apprentice under another local craftsman of their choosing. In addition, the recipient will be granted a $5,000 stipend towards materials, and four runners up will receive a $2,000 grant and a trip to New York to showcase their
But is that so? I went to the blog page of Wired whose editor-in-chief, Chris Anderson was the first to articulate the theory of The Long Tail. “The theory of the Long Tail is that our culture and economy is increasingly shifting away from a focus on a relatively small number of "hits" (mainstream products and markets) at the head of the demand curve and toward a huge number of niches in the tail. As the costs of production and distribution fall, especially online, there is now less need to lump products and consumers into one-size-fits-all containers. In an era without the constraints of physical shelf space and other bottlenecks of distribution, narrowly-targeted goods and services can be as economically attractive as mainstream fare.”
We had our second workshop this week with Anne Baxter and the feedback was as ever, great. Anne is an excellent tutor with a really good sense of humour, and has the ability to put everyone at ease no matter what level they are. I hope we will soon see the results of the day, so if any of you reading this went to the workshop we would love to see your finished projects.
your touch
New skillets used for the first time should be heated for 10-15 minutes with cooking fat. Then drain the fat, and rub the skillet with salt immediately. Ancient Russian proverb states: “First blin comes out as a lump”. There is a lot of truth to that – first blin is lumpy – pale, thick, unappetizing. First blini give an indication as to how much dough to use in order for blini to come out straight and thin.
OMEGA Seamaster Planet Ocean Chrono Cal.9300/9301 - Perpetuelle: "As well, the watch boasts the usual Planet Ocean diver features including 600 meter water resistance rating, unidrectional rotating bezel, helium escape valve — all of the high quality divers we have come to expect from Omega. The new Caliber 9300 chronos are available in the variations shown below, black ceramic or orange bezel insert. Available Fall 2011."
Whooo!
this I already knew, truth
Hello and welcome to our next challenge here at Craft Your Days Away!!
By Author’s Name
I greatly look forward to sharing my wonderful connection with you, please read on to learn more about this talented designer and blogger…
I just don’t think it’s going to get better from within. There’s no incentive. You can’t count on philanthropy or altruism. You can count on self-interest, but only in the short-term. Most people, most people interested in paychecks and stock dividends–which is to say just about all of the adults–are willing to trade off the long-term for the short-term. It’s almost understandable. You’ve got children to raise, cars and houses to pay for. Food has to be put on the table.
I really wanted to tried this again, but with a different vase shape, and I got an idea for a Valentine's vase, so stay tuned!
“Whatever that is,” said Hank, “it can’t be good.”
What contributes to visual clutter? The state of your horizontal surfaces factor into this heavily. Do you have a lot of knick-knacks? Do the kids strew their belongings everywhere? What happens to their school papers, hats, jackets, baseball gloves, books, water bottles and stuffed animals when they walk in the door? You must train them not to walk in like a tornado of junk and shed it everywhere. (This is not easy. If they are already teenagers, you might just have to bide your time for a few more years instead.)
Which brings me onto the next topic: Look how you feel. I’m completely guilty of trudging into school in sweatpants and a baseball cap. Which is why I am super excited to announce that I have enlisted the help of fellow blogger Wear Fierce Paint to help me out in the beauty department. (Yes, I do secretly watch Joan Rivers’ Fashion Police but don’t tell anyone. I have a reputation to uphold here!) We all deserve to look as beautiful on the outside as we feel on the inside. In my next post I plan to have the lovely Jess give me a bit of a makeover. I’ll put up a before and after picture.
For anyone curious, this is from the back cover:
There was nothing spectacular about her. I just loved the lines her body drew. Not in a sexual way, she was just..... graceful looking. Her soft brown hair fell over her face a little, and her grey eyes looked out from under her hair. Her eyes looked down to the floor at a spot three feet from her boots. If I was a painter I might be able to do justice to the curve of her cheek, the smooth length of her neck. But I'm not. I tried to figure out if I was brave enough to talk to her. I put my phone back in my pocket.
Lake View and Pipeline: There are several good vantage points on the main lake, but none more inviting than the one at the 2.15-mile mark. There are two green Adirondack chairs there that make for a relaxing place to take a break or to eat your lunch. Shortly after you pass this place, you will come across the pipeline that traverses the lake. Up close, the pipe and supporting infrastructure appear much more massive than they do from a distance.
All creation cries out to its Master.
♥ to help others
However the color scheme is decided and in progress. We did some small repairs today, some fiberglass patches, and cleaning. Hopefully if the weather agrees we'll get the colors on this week. Yes, colors as in multiple. From the boy who requested a rainbow room, did you really think a plain white boat would do? No sir. Zachie's boat is painted... well... you'll see.
One Hot Pleasure (DJ Lynnwood Banger Dub) Electronica 126 bpm 7:04
I am continuing to host the weekly link-up entitled "Try a New Recipe Tuesday." You can see all of the delicious recipes that were linked up here. Come join us next week with your favorite recipe. I look forward to trying some new ones! :-)
You have leadership unequivocally, and Governor Romney is exactly right, the leadership of Hamas says, not a single Jew will remain. We aren’t having a peace negotiation then. This is war by another form.
A plastic spatula thingy-ma-jig Sorry, not sure what it is really called.
A number of years ago the most magnificent diamond in the history of the world was found in an African mine. It was then presented to the King of England to embellish his crown of state. The king sent it to Amsterdam to be cut by an expert stone cutter. Can you imagine what he did with it?
Starring- Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Charlie Watts, Ron Wood, Bill Wyman
Reference: Moyer, Bill (ed.) 2001, Doing democracy: The MAP model for organizing social movements, New Society Publishers, Gabriola Island.
chocolate (70% cocoa solids)
But what really stands out to me about this particular school is its focus on leadership. (And with alumni like George Steinbrenner, CEO Miles White, and Olympian Molly Engstrom, the programs clearly work!) The boys are in a traditional military system and the girls in a more traditional prefect system (common to many boarding schools) but everyone is taught to think and act like a leader, right from their first moments on campus. Respect is stressed highly and I didn’t meet a single student during my visit who didn’t look me in the eye and answer my questions politely and completely. (For teenagers, that was a little bit odd – but certainly refreshing!)
I slid into the booth side and sipped a tall, slim glass of ice water, trying not to freak out. I knew my own shyness and awkwardness too well, and I was slightly terrified that Sara would see right through whatever veneer I’d been able to paint in our e-mail correspondence, and would know at first glance that I wasn’t a real writer after all.
When I read this article on SModa about Elena Anaya's style I realized that we finally have a stylish actress in Spain. Elena has been wearing really cute outfits lately, but the truth is that every look she has worn in the last few years is perfect. Shorts and a Chanel jacket in Cannes, the Elie Saab black dress (she looked amazing), the Miu Miu girly dress, the cat eye sunglasses... She can do no wrong! She's feminine but a little tomboy sometimes.
Mirza couldn’t and wouldn’t let this happen. He announced his decision to go to Khewa and get Sahibañ. His parents and sister tried to dissuade him saying that the Sayyal women could not be trusted, and that he was taking a big risk going to Khewa. His father’s words of advice and warning are quite revealing of the values of the time, some of which persist even today. He says: “To hell with these women. Their brains are in their heels. They fall in love laughing and, later, tell their story to everyone crying.” Strange as it may sound, the father goes on to say: “One should not step inside the house of a woman with whom he is in love.” However, when the father realized that Mirza would not be dissuaded, he relented, saying: “I see you are determined to go. Now, go, but don’t come back without Sahibañ. It’s a question of our honor. Bring her with you!”
The direction by Don Taylor is very matter-of-fact and basic, what you'd expect from the man who directed Escape From The Planet Of The Apes and Damien: Omen II, but is "matter-of-fact" what you want in an historical time travel war movie? In spite of a detailed, loving look at life aboard the U.S.S. Nimitz, this gives the viewer the feel of a Navy recruitment film more than anything. We see emergency landings, rescue missions, jets taking off and those big round green screens with the blip-blip-blip sounds as officers watch the blips onscreen intently. Everything you go to movies with battleships for. Time travel movies? Not really.
Gavin went for the brill (£22.50) and I'll admit that if I had been served it, I would have been disappointed, but then I came to St John for the meat, not the fish. He had a decent chunk of perfectly cooked fish, served on the bone and Gav was happy with his choice. There was a salad of chicory which was pretty bitter and took some work from Gav to finish.
And that's all it took the sound of a familiar voice. A safe voice. The voice of mom. -- The flood gates opened and all I could hear was the sound of loud sobs coming from the receiver.
Good thing for me, that me and my family has never been big on Christmas gifts, it was never a tradition for us to exchange gifts, but I did try to at least bake some Christmas goodies to give for friends. Last year, it was extremely last minute, I baked some stuff the night before the last day of work to distribute to some coworkers. Then, I promised myself to plan better next year (which is this year) and bake lots of different goodies, I've already had a list of what I want to make and believe me, there are tons and they're all sounds so good! Now that "next year" is finally here, here I am being in the same situation as last year, if not worse. It's only days before Christmas and here I am typing a small part of this draft post on Sunday at work in between firmware builds, so sad I know.
"Two are due!" was Susan's inspiration, and I thought it worked perfectly. Since there was nowhere obvious to write on the cake, I made a removable fondant banner held up by lollipop sticks on either end.
We made the sauce bechemel style, and added egg to the spinach and onion to help it stick together, because I forgot Parmesan cheese. Only had Tex-mex. It still tasted good. The men in our life loved it. The pasta was place in a glass dish sprayed with non-stick spray, and simply layered with ingredients.
The death of an authority like R. Yehudah HaNasi certainly would not happen without some attention, which is reflected in the two accounts presented for us in the Babylonian and Palestine Talmud. Both accounts give an interesting understanding of how the news of his death was accepted (or not accepted), his role and significance among the Jews of his time, as well as how later authorities viewed him, since though the accounts are prescribed his immediate surroundings, I would expect the written and presented accounts to be much later, and thus have changed in some regards, though these might not be so obvious.
Manhattan is a special situation, but there are things we could learn from it. The High Line was designed by a British landscape architect, James Corner, and he was into the idea that it shouldn’t look overly designed: plants die and others come up to replace them – it’s a wilderness, really. There would be something surreal and magical about ripping up the tarmac in a run-down town centre and putting down a wild, overgrown lawn.
And -
As the Herzog stand-in to Shannon's mercurial Kinski, Udo Kier indulges his lead actor's tantrums and irrational mood swings with a mix of the resignation of an old queen indulging the violent whims of his rough trade houseboy, and the genuine fascination artists feel around those rare souls more fucked-up than themselves, and the horrific toll of soul-emptying world weariness it takes to try and make a film with someone who's completely delusional. But as with Shannon, Kier doesn't project the maniacal charisma that would possibly ground a loose wire like Brad. Since their relationship never becomes vibrant or larger than life, we never really understand why they even bother hanging out with each other. Brad doesn't need a man, he needs a champion! And vice backacha!
A moment just by myself.
Here are five ideas (after you’ve sorted out the ones you may actually want to read):
12) Vaporize by Year of the Rabbit - from "Year of the Rabbit"
Anomaly has a sleek appearance and interface, and the approach the game takes is geared toward those who are familiar with strategy games, meaning it won’t be too easy for the strategic gamers out there.
But still – what to call it instead of Coach? “model-helper”, “model-assistant” or what do you think?
The meal, which included a bottle of good bottle of Spanish white and two very large rums and a rum coffee, came to an amount that I cannot remember; as in the rum fuelled haze of the evening I seem to have misplaced my bill.
Like I am holding my breath.....unable to exhale.
Last week’s episode ended with a shocking moment that nobody, saw coming, but lots of people had opinions about the event. This week we deal with the aftermath of the event, kind of, and have lots of (fake) blood spilled.
It's been fun sharing this project with you! I hope you like it and give it a try for yourself!
Something like this (but the exact look will be a surprise!).
The evening before I went shooting with Upstairs Kid, we met up to go grab a bite to eat. Just as I got to his door, the tornado sirens started going off. "Fuck it," I said "I'll drive" as opposed to walking since we were just going up to the front of our neighborhood. I was cavalier because we'd had a tornado warning a few weeks ago and I overreacted. This time it was scarier because I was outside and watched the sky change colors (beautiful but not what I want to look at right before I'm thrown through the windows of a fast food restaurant and splattered on the pavement). I didn't get too scared, although I was nervous, and obviously everything worked out well indeed for yours truly. UK and I went about our business and then went home.
Audi will be presenting its performance electric bike for sports and trick cycling at the Worthersee Tour in Austria. Even though we have already seen lots of e-Bikes and e-Bike concepts, this one really feels like the future.
Button, button--who's got the button? Well... chances are, it's me. Yes, those are jars of buttons up there on top of the bookshelves. Those are some of my quilting and knitting books on the shelves. The silver tins (they seem to be reflecting gold light from somewhere but they're silver colored) also have buttons in them.
Nobody mentioned the floor. The floors were all perfect - they're all professional dance studios. (For Londoners: similar in feel to the one at Corrientes). I encountered no slipperiness and no stickiness either.
Hello Sweet Friends!
Studded boots can change your style depending on what you wear them with. Studs can make a perfect (surprising!) match with a feminine style. For example I mixed a long romantic skirt with my lovely pair of studded boots, basic top, stylish belt and vintage bag. This kind of look could steal men's hearts ;)!They might deny they don’t like such combinations, but they will definitely pay attention and hey that’s the point after all!
10 Flamingo
Latterly, the aircraft has been used to salve wounded pride in Afghanistan, where the vast preponderance of close air support has been provided by the Americans. Based at Kandahar, where facilities were fairly primitive, the Harrier was able to operate from the air base, in the space left by the Americans, when our heavier aircraft (such as the Tornado) could not, without considerable expenditure on infrastructure.
Think of how I feel about it; I never think the last one can be topped...then I find yet ANOTHER one. It's like a clown car...they keep coming.
When I go down into the sewers, I feel a little bit safe, despite the fact that I could be killed by methane fumes or floods of water that trap me down there.
Then we headed back to Canada, through Quebec into Ontario and back east. The trip home is when things started going awry. No, that's not true, things started going awry when I was sitting beside the man I loved and felt lonelier than I have ever felt in my entire life. That happened on day 3. It just got worse from there....
Makes sense when we understand that everyone has different memories and learning, by that I don’t mean what we commonly understand as knowledge. It means what we have learned from interacting with others and the world around us.
Time Freak
Add in to the equation the cutest rubber stamp ever. Krafty Kuka showed me her reindeer stamp and I fell in love with it. Then she got me one of my own. Isn't she nice? I think so.
I hope I've inspired you to create some special Valentines of your own! Let me know in the comment section if you've found a Valentine printable or craft you just have to share. I'd love to hear from you!
I read these and to myself I thought, I am such a sinner (if I filter this through dance).
I read in the Mercury that there is a proposal to open the budget so that a location for skateboarding can be rented. I have no objection to this in principal, but it seems that in the past there has been no cost to the individual users and the thought is to continue that practise.
Hosanna!”
Molly and I chatted quite a bit through email and Twitter, and we learned that we're both about the same age, we have several of the same interests and she quickly caught on that my 30th was last week and she went above and beyond to make me feel special.
So shall we have our first blog challenge??
I was directed by my employee to get them the heck out of the shop before I took the picture or I'd get the whupping!
I got in the studio with a really good producer called Pantha. For me, music is such a huge part of my life it’s what I think and dream about. I just wanted to talk about how music is part of me. In the lyrics I mentioned, “If you cut me open, looked into my bones you would see that’s where the melodies flow,” I actually feel as if music flow through me and literally everything I look at I tend to see it from a musical brain. I just wanted to get that across, and I hope that people can relate to it if they also love music.
So that's the goodies and here's what you have to do.
There’s no rehearsal for grief.
The crown level is revealed after beating every other level with both mario and Luigi I believe. That stage is mostly just very flashy, showing you various characters and such. Though, I kept dying because at one point you need to jump off a toad NPC, and you gotta get the timing just right. Stupid Toad. Also, I maxed out my lives at 1110 by using a "jump on a shell over and over to get infinite lives" trick.
It's a big problem for the business, and it's a self-perpetuating problem. Creatives are being more departmentalised, and are it seems in most cases, quite happy for that to happen. But clients aren't getting as effective work out of it. Creatives can see a clear template for winning awards, and if that's the criteria for judging them, who can blame them for aspiring to it? Therefore creatives become more concerned with what will win awards than what will work really well.
This is Tucker’s modus operandi. Time and time again we find her overcoming the natural tension of performing by dealing with what is really going on in the moment, without artifice, and thereby turning the tables on a bad situation. Booked for a show with Manchester and Hill’s burlesque wheel (where she met life long friend Fanny Brice), she was so bad in rehearsal that dismissal seemed imminent. However, she managed to bring down the house on her opening line “Henry!” by shouting it so loud that it rattled the roofbeams. For a show called Louisiana Lou she got a similar reaction by making her entrance with her pants “accidentally” unbuttoned. For a date in Boston, her minstrel get-up got put on the wrong train. She simply scrounged up a presentable gown and did the act au natural – Caucasian.
I love the quick and easy route when making cards so this sketch was perfect for just that! Your imagination can really run rampant with this sketch so feel free to interpret it any way you like. Because I definitely did. ;)
I reached into the jar, plucked Perry from atop the gummi nation… and without further eye contact… I popped him into my mouth. As Perry rested ever so gently on my tongue, just past my teeth… I began to savor the flavor of that tasty little gourmet gummi bear. I intended to make it last, since I had waited so long to try one. Unfortunately, Perry had a different idea.
One thing that makes this place more bearable is the nurses. They all love me here and they totally spoil me accordingly. One nurse, a very sassy Puerto Riccan named Alba, always brings me food from home and she brings me nail polish each week so I can stay "muy bonita." Another of the nurses, Amy, stocked the mini fridge in my room with a variety of juices and sodas. Wendy, the head nurse, likes to come visit me when she's had a particularly crazy day. I have a calming presence--or so she says. :) And Bridget, when she overheard me talking to my cousin Leigh about how much I missed my puppies at home, hooked me up with the lady who runs the therapy dog program. Now, I get visits from these guys:
Several years ago I was asked to paint a portrait of a friend’s two pets. One of them was a black poodle and I struggled both with finding a way to make the eyes appear from the black face and the fact that I had not used black watercolor before. I read about the use of blacks in books and found that much of what was said was to use black in conjunction with another color. That is what I did, here.
Terror Birds are apex predators. They're tall, flightless animals with long, strong necks and large, hard beaks that can cut through flesh. Their small, atrophied wings bear two small useless claws. They run as fast as horses and hunt with the cunning of wolves.
We made our way up to our room, (we may or may not have become slightly lost, I couldn’t possibly comment! ) and were immediately struck by the lack of a projector. We rummaged around but there definitely wasn’t one, so we panicked slightly before getting the giggles and sitting down to wait for our audience. At some point we realised we were in the wrong room! Cue more giggles, and a mad dash to find the right room before our audience arrived! We found our room, complete with projector. Yay! Except that on this occasion Denise’s geek skills failed. She tried numerous ways to do whatever technical wizardry was required but all to no avail, and the workshop attendees were starting to arrive. We exchanged some panicked looks, but there was nothing left to do but to go with our original winging it plan. Denise was awesome. She charmed everyone and was her usual helpful self, answering questions and cleverly explaining things in a way that enabled people to understand a different point of view. It wasn’t a huge workshop, we weren’t the most popular subject on the list, indeed as I understand it a lot of the delegates didn’t really understand why home educators were even attending, but by the end of our workshop, and by the end of the closing discussion with all the conference attendees, we’d made some great contacts, and had opened some minds.
Winston is freaking out, questioning whether or not it was the right thing to come to them. After calming him down a plan is hatched to force the boss, Big Ed, into backing off. They meet with everyone’s favorite money launderer, Barry to help make it look like Winston was involved with gang financially. If anything happens to him the feds could easily use the financial records to bring down every chapter of the Breakers. Making this threat face to face doesn’t come easy.
Good morning Jug production continued yesterday, with a number of 2lb and 5lb fat jugs. These ones are based on old English medieval shapes, wide bottomed and low bellied. They'll look a lot more sensible once they have handles. Oh and some ridiculously large, wobbly tankards for the keenest of beer drinkers.
Then the bomb hits. Then they are all betrayed; then James and Lily die at Voldemort’s hand, Harry is entrusted to his relatives, and Sirius is led off to Azkaban. It’s a completely different situation from the Vietnam War, and yet the tone of Goodnight Saigon strikes me as fitting. Going crazy. People getting killed around you. Holding on to the few you can trust, and leaving more of your childhood behind with every day. And when Sirius escapes, attempts to clear his name, rejoins the Order, and goes down in battle against Bellatrix Lestrange, I think the playlist goes from An Innocent Man to Honesty to Only the Good Die Young.
Maybe we already ask too much of education. Our profession has certainly evolved from a focus on the ‘3 Rs’ to include many other expectations, academic, social, moral, physical and otherwise. Because these expectations are all worthy, we accept them as part of our role. And because making room for passion is also worthy, and increasingly so, it should be included among the expectations we place on ourselves.
Every team has exploited the 12cm of space inboard of the rear wheel for aerodynamic bodywork. Red Bull have added particularly large upper vane to the brake ducts this year. Above the top wishbone mounting two large flap can be seen.
Place your trust in the writer. And Roberts' reaction to the exoneration of the Duke lacrosse players calls into question her credibility. By refusing to acknowledge her mistakes in the Duke case, she creates the impression that her agenda trumps the truth.
God himself works for those who work for him. We must therefore be always disposed to do everything as if everything depended on us, and to pray as if everything depended on him. Our prayer is not genuine if our hands do not agree wit it. Hence: pray and work. Every action of ours should proceed from prayer.--ALBERIONE
That same article quoted a good-government watchdog about the issue:
J.M. Coetzee, In the Heart of the Country.
Date Published: Volume 1 – May 2006, Volume 2 – June 2009
As an experiment, by the way, in one of the copies I’ve been given, I’ve hidden a quote from the classic Bela Lugosi version of “Dracula” on one of the pages. If you happen to find it, let me know what I’ve written (and which page it’s written on) either via the blog or Twitter. A quick tip: this is the book’s WBN insert page.
So many moms have asked me, “Do you know about this or that two day a week school and how it works and if it will help my child educationally?” I have lived through three of my children graduating and I have seen amazing results in their lives even though we didn't have perfect school days or have consistent schedules. (Seventeen moves, six times internationally, car accidents, illnesses, etc.) Yet, my children have scored at the top on their SAT's, received scholarships or pursued other areas in the arts and ministry where they were able to excel. What is the most important to me, though, is that, by God's grace, our children still love us and listen to us and love the Lord and are seeking Him.
The establishment designers of New Orleans are well represented: Gerrie Bremermann. Holden and Dupuy. John Cherstia, Melissa Rufty, Allain Bush, Karina Gentinetta, John Vaccari, Kevin Gillentine, and many others. More than forty houses and apartments are featured from all parts of the city—the French Quarter, the Warehouse District, the Garden District, and the multiple neighborhoods that comprise Uptown.
The kids were off for three months this year (while our tax dollars renovated the local schools), but they returned to their routine this week, and so have I. Writing this, seated in the shade of the oaks bordering my sunny deck, with hummingbirds buzzing around, feels like a "stay-cation" now.
Entered for the following challenges:
The end of my year wasn't quite how I expected it to be. For a few weeks now, my plan was to be in Louisville ringing in the new year with one of my best girls, Mary Jo, and her family. My plans to see her on her birthday fell through... and I made these plans to replace those plans. Then my dad got sick...
Ville Y. The megalovirus. Editorial. Ultrasound Obstet Gynecol 1998; 12: 151-153.
how much he hated the lights
Yes, my red Miz Mooz boots make an appearance - not for the last time, that's for sure. I last wore them here.
But Lord…You chose me. You made me holy. I did not…could not…would never, ever deserve what You have done, by rescuing me! I am alive simply and only because You made me alive.
Because that person is the one who should have their own Food Network show, not someone who gets their pleasure from seeing themselves on television. I want that person to write a cookbook and put so much into it that I'll actually use it for more than the photographs. I want that person to serve me a hot bowl of soup because, thankfully, I can still thoroughly enjoy all five of my senses.
Here I will tell you want I am working on, my latest projects, and my latest adventures.
