Argentian cowboys usually living in the Pampas, or flat, dry land in the countryside.
But Jack, I need to tell you-- it was so terribly easy to grow fond of you.
Hi my sugarplums, Holiday season is just round the corner and i know you all people are in search of inexpensive and cute things for your friends and beloved people.
Cloak stopped ahead of me and Ember, the hem of his dark coat flailing, dust snaking around him. The bellows of the machines rose with a deafening tremble, shaking the ground under us. Ember wrapped her arm around mine and pressed her face into my sleeve.
Director: Steven Soderbergh
I wasn't entirely sure what to do with her since she is a little bottom-heavy (well, so am I, but no amount of paint is going to help that), but she had a cute little top half so I thought I'd put the focus on that.
Designed by Daryl R. Tearne, for the Crocker Motorcycle Co. The C4 gets its name from being the 4th model in the Crocker lineup, after the “Speedway”, the “Small Tank” and finally the “Big Tank”. In conceiving the C4, the objective was to build a modern Crocker the way Al. Crocker himself would have done it if he was still with us today. Some design elements and even some parts were inspired by the original design and incorporated into the new C4. Things like a chassis design with the same original concept but a much more high tech approach. The Headlight’s styling is very similar in shape, but integrates a very modern 7-lens xenon projector lamp into the body. The single sided front fork was inspired by aircraft landing gear. By using this type of front-end setup, the front end is much more narrow and stiffer under heavy braking. By using Penske suspension, and designing rake angle adjustments in the front end, Crocker will be able to offer a custom fit for all customers.The Single sided rear swing arm has also some very unique design features. Body styling use old Crocker elements and alloy accents taken from the Big and Small Tank original models (like the alloy air intakes on the front of the tank). This concept bike will be built to order by Crocker Motorcycle Company.
1 1/4 tsp. salt
I was tempted though. Because I’d already witnessed the power of the GAD Fastpass at work, and I was NOT afraid to use that puppy. But for some insane reason, there is no actual Fastpass line in Disney’s restaurants. Yet. Chili’s and Outback, yes. Only it’s known as “Call Ahead Seating” and it brings me almost as much joy to pass up 20 suckers trying to share one long upholstered bench as it does to pass up a line of suckers waiting in the Stand By line at any one of our favorite Disney rides.
Hey!
Fredricksberg or Longview
With that they conclude that their work here is done. After Jack performs a bit of mending and patching (as he is the only one with access to healing that can work in the Mournlands: a combo of False Life and a custom-made reversed version of Vampiric Touch). Gathering the schema, their fallen companion and a few choice pieces of adamantine scrap from the worshops they head back to the entrance. They are in for a nasty surprise.
“This is indeed very welcome news,” he said. “Tennent’s understand that responsible producers have nothing to fear with minimum pricing and that only low-end, dirt-cheap alcohol will be affected.
When I am at the public pool, I want to DO LAPS, and GO IN THE DEEP END. I don't want to redirect kids on floaty things away from my head. I don't want to pull their long hairs off my fingers, and I don't even want to THINK about how much BOOGS AND PEE PEE is in that pool. IS in the pool? ARE in the pool? You know what I'm saying.
Momo is the name of a little girl who was born in New York. The word Momo means "the peach" in Japan where her father and mother used to live. On her third birthday Momo was given two presents--red rubber boots and an umbrella! They pleased her so much that she even woke up that midnight to take another look at them.
The night before our one night stay at The Phoenix we pulled up to Best Western and after a long 12 hour road trip we were ready to rest. It was centrally located in Taos. After schlepping our bags up the stairs and into the room we checked out the room. It was small in size with two double beds close together, it had a community balcony and we got to hear the conversation our neighbor was having on the phone. Not my idea of restful or relaxing. The thin walls offered the feeling of being in the same space as the neighbor, so we decided to go locate something a little better for the money being spent. We traveled down Paseo de Pueblo Sur and looked at other lodging facilities; we finally ended up at the Sagebrush Inn in the heart of Taos. This property was so much better than the Best Western. It was a large room with a fireplace, patio, micro-fridge, King Bed & a Queen Murphy Bed. The room was more than twice the size of Best Western and maybe $50 more.
4. Minimum 21 days campaign period
There is much to glean from these lovely old tales, fast becoming trivialized and forgotten.
suggested sultry substantiated swoons
"They're just not you."
I stared at his broken hand and fought the urge to wash the blood off and hold it in my own. “I give up, T.J. You once said, ‘It’s easier if you don’t think they’re coming back’ and you were right. This one’s not coming back either. A plane will have to land in the lagoon for me to believe we might actually get off this island. Until then, it’s just you and me. That’s the only thing I know for sure.” (Anna)
And then there’s other times after a long day when all my mind can handle is a pretty poor stick-figure drawing of a butcher. But it’s good to know that despite everything, the actual busy and the manufactured busy of my life, there really is time to write.
Water
It is hard for me to reconcile this. Just as it must be hard for my kids to reconcile the idea that the father who always stressed integrity was hiding a significant part of himself and lying to their mother about it.
The roses are from Marianne Design, I bought these a couple of weeks ago during the Scrap en More workshopday.
I’m eager to hear your response. Meanwhile, I’ll be at the ER getting treated for third-degree burns.
In this chapter we learn about the first idea that set this particular stone rolling. Back in 1925 the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company produced sandpaper and Dick Drew was one of their salesmen. Not an inventor or a developer: a salesman. But after watching some car mechanics struggling to paint a car while he was on a break (very important point this) he came up with the idea that, after some fiddling, became masking tape and by 1928 the company was selling more masking tape than anything else. The CEO of the company didn't stop there. He completely reorganised the company, investing the tape windfall wisely; he hired dozens of researchers and gave them the freedom to pursue their own interests and take as many breaks as they liked. Seems like madness. Surely Dick Drew's idea was a fluke.
Given the importance of head shots, it's critical to have photos that show her at her very best - as close to perfection as she can get. Now of course for Katie, that's easy - I happen to think she's naturally beautiful, but my opinion might be a little biased. And my opinion doesn't count when she's up against lots of other beautiful and talented girls all vying for a limited number of spots in the audition schedule. So as much as I hate the idea of putting makeup on a 12-year old, it's pretty much mandatory if she wants to ever get called for an audition. Aside from the fact that she needs to look perfect just to get noticed, she also needs to look a little older - "Annie" aside, there aren't very many big theatrical roles available for a 12-year old, so for most auditions it's better for her to look a little older than she is. And that means she has to wear makeup.
7. Doctor 8
Viv and I had a few dances but she was still suffering, so her instruction to go play was not unexpected.
I based my color combo off of the DSP and normally I'd be afraid to use a brown on this card but it goes well with the DSP and I think it looks like chocolate!!!!! I didn't have any cake at my birthday party last night so now I think I want some cake...chocolate cake:-) This card will have to do I guess. It's hard to see in the photo but I did cover the cupcake with smooch accent ink so it's kind of shimmery!
Kate is a native of Worcester, Massachusetts, so once she realized that Houston was playing New England, she asked if I cared to make a friendly wager. As much as I enjoyed seeing the Rockets break Houston's long-running pro championship drought back in 1994, the Dynamo won me dinner, which is something I can bank on.
Veggies that are steamed: Green beans (trimmed and cut into thin slices), peas, grated cauliflower (about 1 cup total)
Misguided dumb-asses. Do you honestly think shots of tattoo parlors and dank bars would have sold America better? Hip or not, this is the USA Sven and his brood wants to visit. Nothing wrong with Brooklyn, Wicker Park or the Mission but these aren’t tourist attractions. (And by the way, you should be grateful!) Foreigners come to America because of the clichés. Not in spite of them. It would be foolish to advertise our country any other way.
Speaking of which, I just made friends with the old retriever. Me and her sat together looking out at the view. I don't know what she was thinking but I felt myself moved as I sensed the dog welcoming another summer. Recognising the certain angle of the sun, that distinctive warmth. I also noticed the whiteness of her coat, and her poor sight. These are her last few years in this valley, in this garden.
Please only apply if you are definitely going to be available to join the team if you are picked.
I used the new Note Card Open Box template - it was a breeze to quickly cut, score the lines and stick the corners with double sided tape as directed. I then used my Martha Stewart deep border punch to make the sides higher and simply stuck the ribbon around it. It took me less than 10 minutes to make it! I'm going to put Easter Eggs in this cute box - I'm sure it will fit at least 8 Cardbury Creme Eggs! That's two for Steve and six for me...
“I want to hopefully prevent a homicide,” he said.
Wow, it sure takes a lot of time to answer every comment and to visit every blog in my blog roll and leave a comment for them. And boy, my twitter feed is scrolling by at the speed of a CNN ticker. And crap, I need to write an apology post for not being a great blog friend and must promise to do better! *stares at unfinished manuscript*
Baby Please – Thee Headcoatees
4/ A striped fitted tank gets revved up with a pink fishtail skirt that puts the spotlight on your beautiful legs. The green wedges are a bonus and bring a 3rd color into the combination for maximum attitude.
Phil Goff was handed a poisoned chalice by Helen Clark and he handed it on to David Shearer.
Then the driver stopped for gas.
when life wasn't running at such a hurried pace.
In a political secret society, membership is restricted to those who share an ideological affinity with the goals the group represents. At the furthest end of the political spectrum, the mission will be revolution. Such a society will go to great lengths to defend itself. (…)
Apart from a later discussion of “local vs foreign” missions, and the acknowledgment that we ALL are to be engaged in missional activity, what is my role in missions? We are all called to participate. But how? Not all are wired or gifted the same way so the expectation that we all should be going overseas is short-sighted. This breakdown has been helpful for me. While it is not new, it good to see where each of is in these clearly biblical roles.
While investigating the stabbing of McCall, police learned he had violated his probation in the robbery conviction and arrested him again, Murray said.
Depaul University
He actually believes the economy will improve if taxes are increased; something that has never before happened in the history of the nation.
3 medium sized bananas (1 cup mashed - trust me, measure it. Too much = bad news)
Their dad pulled them closer. "Be brave. This is going to seem a bit strange."
Yoseob & Eunji will personally judge the videos and the top 2 winners will win a dinner date with Yoseob & Eunji.
David Fincher has done better works than this movie, but The Game is interesting and remarkable for reasons outside of the usual fantastic cinematography and acting, namely the way it plays with the viewer’s expectations and the whole general idea of storytelling. This is at once a serious film and a bit of a farce, dually a suspenseful thrill ride and perhaps the greatest attempt at pulling the wool over the eyes of the audience I’ve ever seen. But it’s one thing to tell you that, and quite another to actually explain myself, so let’s go ahead and do that.
US e-book sales were up $165% over the previous year, pushing their sales to 8% of the overall market (up from 3%); in the UK, the increase over 2009 sales was a much more modest 20%.
“Introducing NEW Softlips® Cheeseburger!
Don’t like the beggar
His Place Church of Westminster, California to Host First Nationwide
And, finally, I’m not against the CHILDREN, I’m against the irresponsibility of the parent and the doctor. These children will experience a lifetime of AVOIDABLE and UNNECESSARY deformities and chronic impairments, including possibly mental retardation, because, by necessity, they were born early and there were too many fetuses. Many of them may never experience a full life with a normal education, job, independent living, a spouse and a family of their own because of their mother’s selfishness and irresponsibility. To me this is a crime against humanity. Had there only been two fetuses, they might have been born perfectly healthy. Even three. But any responsible doctor would tell you that implanting 8 fetuses at a time was an unnecessary and avoidable risk for the mother and the children.
A Little Princess (Bo Welch; Cheryl Carasik)
Will you join me in praying for Jason and to continue believing in his work and praying that he will receive the greatest love one could ever receive.
I just had this overwhelming urge to write AU “Unending” fic where Jack got stuck with them in the time dilation. No idea why. It just kind of jumped into my head. Damn those plot bunnies. I’ve got too many of them in there, I don’t need more.
Feb 2011 - Oldest, DH and Me at the Eagle Scout honor dinner for 2010
This is what happens around here I guess when I decide to stop the late night snacking....DORA takes it upon herself to remedy the situation.....Do you see what she has??? A CUCUMBER straight out of our GARDEN.....
Good sleeping habits - it is common to find people – who are affected by sleep disorders like sleep apnea and insomnia – feeling tired during the day – which makes them unable to concentrate on anything.
I won’t get into too many details. I will say that it did hurt. A lot. But I told Peter to keep going even though it did hurt. I knew that all of this was normal and eventually, I would get used to having sex. Peter was considerate, kind, and understanding. He kept asking if I was or if I felt any pain. He held me all night and eventually we fell asleep with me as the little spoon.
~ We found a new source for raw cows milk. It is Jersey milk with lots of cream that we have totally been enjoying! My parents are also now getting enough goats milk to share so we are pretty happy with all our good for us milk! I have been researching cheese making more and really want to try my hand and more varieties of cheese this year. I am interested in trying hard cheeses.
‘There, it’s gone. No more crying – let me sleep.’ I punched the hay in my sack, trying to make the lumpy bits comfortable, but it was no good, I was wide-awake.
If you had the chance to spend a whole hour with a celebrity, who would you choose?
from October 1979 to
Monologue – Maya Rudolph
We hear men speaking for us of new laws strong and sweet,
If you are looking to start a business, now is the time to join! This is a pretty new company and you can get started at ground level! There are not very many reps yet...just think of the potential! It is only $99 to get started. Just by wearing the shields, you are your own advertisement!!!
The title is in Swedish and doesn't translaste particularly well. It's from a very famous Swedish summer song that all Swedes know the lyrics to: "Sun, wind and water, are the best things I know". Remember the miserable 5 months of snow and darkness that precede summer!
(snuggies)
still smell you,
"This offence too gives a court the power to sentence copper thieves and unscrupulous scrap dealers to imprisonment for a period of 10 years.
I wasn't sure exactly what I wanted at first, but lo and behold I discovered a fun printable on etsy. And with some fabulous help from my sister, I cut the design out of navy blue vinyl after painting the pine board cream.
CSI, or Crime Scene Investigation, is a popular police-drama TV show that takes place in Las Vegas, New York, and Miami.
Kevin had root vegetable lasagne in a creamy sauce. Very unlike him, but he says he liked it. Back in NY, I'm usually the one who has trouble with menus because the nicer restaurants are full of seafood. In Jackson, there was never much seafood, but plenty of red meat, which I love, but he doesn't.
On this day in 1800 the United States Library of Congress is established, with the then president John Adams, signing legislation for $5000 US to purchase the first books for the library.
Gender: see below...B.M.W
How is my maternal uncle Vasudeva (for whom the drums of heaven resounded)? What about our maternal aunts, the seven sisters who are his wives? Personally headed by Devakī, are they living happily among their children and daughters-in-law?
24. Secret Squirrel
I have read blogs for years, I love reading blogs and have always wondered what I could have a blog about. Would anybody read it. What would I write about. Well there has been plenty for me to write about really but it's finding the time to sit down and actually write. So today, here I sit, looking at my very disorganised house, clutter everywhere and I have to do something about it! So I thought, I will blog about my disorganised life and hopefully it will become organised once again.
In a face-to-face interaction we can support our verbal message with our body language, for example, the former President Bill Clinton was known as a very capable public speaker. Much of what he said in his speeches was communicated with hand gestures. Gestures are a very powerful way to amplify one’s intentions in public speaking. They also serve as a channel to bring the audience into the speech (which Clinton excelled in). This is also one of the reasons why Clinton’s supporters or even non supporters believed what he said at the time. His gestures aided his overall credibility.
Ryan “So Hot the Water” Broyles tore his ACL in November 2011 the same way the compact receiver tore through BIG12 defenses, becoming the NCAA receptions leader with 349 catches. He will probably be selected in the 3rd round, although he could fall further. While his height is limited and his speed is unknown until he fully recovers, the kid a extremely talented and a solid route runner. He could end up being the steal of the the draft if he falls down further than the third round. If fully recovered, he should be able to contribute early. Just five months removed from his ACL surgery, Broyles recorded a 32.5-inch vertical jump and 4.57 time in the 40-yard dash at his Pro Day. There is no doubt that he should be faster by the start of the 2012 NFL season.
Laverne bounded over to the sofa, hopped onto my feet, then walked from my feet to my shoulder. Once she was on my shoulder, she leaned her head over to sniff my face. Her whiskers tickled my cheek. She sniffed in satisfaction, settled herself on my shoulder, and began to purr.
both now and forevermore.
Waggoner’s Gap, near Carlisle, Pennsylvania, has the highest eagle count with 29 seen so far this season, though Bake Oven Knob had the highest single day count with 9 on August 16.
There is nothing like playing in the dirt and feeling it squish through your fingers.
"They aren't gay," she said. "At least, they aren't necessarily gay. That's just the way kids dress now."
August 11
So, we were feeling particularly leisurely and used the on-demand feature of our cable to rent Tower Heist. It was okay. We mostly wanted to see it because it was filmed over Thanksgiving 2010 at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, which I attended, and there were scenes of the Purdue Band in it. I made Dave pause the movie a lot so I could see if any one from my family was in it. I mean, I was, like, 50 people back from the street for the parade, but my mom and Tucker managed to sneak up front. Anyhow, none of us made it the movie. Drat.
And weed out our posessions prior to moving.
Key evaluation criteria of each vendor should include:
I was hit with a barrage of incredulity. “Why?!!?” they asked/shouted in unison. “It’s stupid!”
I'd like to write music, but for some reason I've yet to unlock a door in my brain that connects melody and word. Maybe that will just take time, too.
I started my hike at +6,000 feet and I tell ya, I could feel it as soon as I started moving. It was warm too, already about 80 degrees.
The upper body is larger than the lower body with size more concentrated in the middle. For this particular body shape, one should look vertical lines tops with flowing fabrics in monochromatic shades. Short tops should be ditched as it visually cut the body in half.
And we still haven’t gotten to the show! Imagine the resources of the Ringling Bros. show in the service of a more tasteful artistic vision reminiscent of more straightened one ring tented shows like Cole Bros. and Big Apple Circus. Well, perhaps “reminiscent” is less apt than “stolen from”. But there is a fine old tradition of such theft in show business! Thus I didn’t exactly mind it when the size, shape and color of the Ringling Bros. tent is almost exactly the same as Big Apple’s, and the stage set and band configuration are based on Big Apple’s aesthetic. (The gobos in the shape of exploding cartoon stars pointed at the roof of the tent were perhaps taking the theft a bit far, however). Likewise, beginning the show with the National Anthem as a pretty girl rode around the ring on an elephant carrying an American flag is a touch that first made me fall in love with Cole Bros. No matter! It’s a terrific show! So much better watching six clowns you can recognize and appreciate, rather than six dozen ones scrambling and mugging and leaving you fondly gazing at the exit signs. My boy Charlie sharply recognized Justin Case, the French accented trick cyclist from Big Apple. But there’s so much in this show that you won’t find in its more impecunious competitors. Big Apple has fired all their performing elephants – Ringling Bros. presents a trio. Even better, Ringling Bros. is one of the few shows that still presents big cats – eight or so white tigers who leap over one another and grimace and pose ferociously on command. As a topper, the gorgeous tiger-tamer goes directly from the cage into the stratosphere, where she performs on trapeze. Other memorable moments: a pack of performing dachsunds, a gentleman who does trick shots with a cross bow, tumblers, jugglers, and a trio of motorcycle daredevils who ride around the cage of death. These are all that spring to mind at this writing, although there was much more. I couldn’t take notes (my paper was too soggy) and I was too cheap to buy a program. And in the end, that was probably sinful of me. The thought that the three of us were on the receiving end of a show like that for $36 makes me feel like I’ve done the impossible – committed a swindle against the circus.
That life can truly bring!
After a few hours when Simon still has not returned I get a text from him saying, "He is making me hold plates while he tastes things and I had to blind fold him. I would rather be holding Ted's hand."
The citation would attempt to force Holder to turn over tens of thousands of pages documents related to the probe, which has entered its second year.
I AM NOT ALWAYS: that careful with other people's feelings.
The actors all deliver powerful performances, and the musical score is truly delightful.
We can produce the ball in the flag of your choice so please let us know which country flag you would prefer on your kendama.
What we see, we see
Juli
Next time I visited Russia during the turbulent 1990s, it was a completely different country, where safety nets and societal structures so solidly built and proudly maintained during Soviet times crumbled and ceased to exist. The new world emerged in birthing pains, while those who couldn’t adjust were mercilessly swept along the wayside. Crime was rampant and fortunes were built overnight, many by openly illegal means. A new class of Russian oligarchs emerged, while the needs of simple people were neglected.
Have a great evening, everyone... and may you embrace the magic within! See you super soon!
You never know what the day is going to bring. What obstacle, miracle, disappointment or surprise. It's all in God's hand and what he has planned for us.
Here's the tracklist:
it's not a surprise;
Published Jan. 31, 2010. 1392 views
There were many times when I would have given anything just to have him hit me. Then the decision would be clear.
A skydiving instructor wore it on a dare, and someone mistook it for safety attire. Who really wants to put that on? People who want to laugh at you want you to put it on.
“You have to be more interesting…and you should probably get to know more people.”
I arrived at my hotel around 3 p.m. and was overcome by an intense feeling of sadness. I didn’t know what was wrong, but I was miserable. I was embarrassed that I had missed my flight, but this was more than that. I slept the entire afternoon on the plush hotel room bed, desperately, unbelievably sad, but not knowing why.
The Chumash seems to want to tell a story, where the Quran is more focused on explaining various conditions appearing during the life of Muhammad. True, there are parts which relates to earlier prophets, but the appearance of these parts seem to be provoked by either incidents needing them or questions about them. See for example when Muhammad reminds the Children of Israel of Allah’s former favors bestowed upon them (2:40 and 2:47), or relating to Abraham (2:124 and 6:161). The Quran is a constant dialogue involving its readers and reciters. The Chumash on the other hand relates a story, telling about what happened to the pre-Israelite world (in Genesis) and the Israelites themselves (Exodus and onwards). Of course, when the religious Jew is studying the Chumash, he – as much as the Israelites being told about – takes part in the incidents. He is not outside, but inside the Biblical account. He too was present when the Israelite received the Torah at Mount Sinai. But this is the traditional way of relation to and studying the Chumash, based on interpretations of it.
“It’s laughable that the West Germans think we would turn our backs on our socialist principles and embrace their decadent interests simply by sabotaging our potato harvest,” agrees Wernitz Von Glausbaum, a senior buyer for AG Zyklon, one of the Democratic Republic’s largest strip-mining concerns. “I have made this statement of my own free will.”
All the PVPs ran really well, and people seemed to take a lot of notice of us. Those purple vests really stand out in a crowd, and we were approached by quite a few people asking about the club. One local fell racing luminary described it as a 'sea of purple'. Damn right. With five runners in the top fifty and strong placings for all the other nine it sort of felt like we were finally announcing our arrival to the regional fell running scene.
Another shameful project. A Disney picture that was supposed to be for Sonshine. It came with a Setifikit from Disney and EVERYTHING - Even the correct Disney colours for Pooh. I don't even know where this embroidery project is, but the threads and the pattern are in a Somerfield bag in The Drawer Of Shame.....
If you often hear the phrase, “an apple a day keeps the doctor away”, it is a true expression of the real. Eating a fresh apple every day can provide health benefits while helping you lose weight. The fruit is believed to contribute to a sense of fullness without fat.
I throw it all in the blender, chop for a few seconds...done.
Keep in mind that an agent or editor will rarely prefer you to play with these formats, especially if you're a debut author trying to find (and build) your audience. If you're writing a plot-driven genre novel that adheres to a sci-fi, romance, or thriller structure, don't try to load it with literary devices and huge character back-stories that aren't relevant to the plot. It won't impress an agent if you have a super literary genre novel. It will more likely confuse us and make your book harder to sell.
No more lugging a bunch of tools back and forth for simple things like hanging a picture or cutting some boards! We both benefit and, I scored 'em brand new for a song here
Vice.com reported that Islamists in Benghazi have been seen driving SUVs along the city's streets and waving the Al Qaeda flag at night while shouting, 'Islamiya, Islamiya! No East, nor West'.
SAME CLASS AS SUNDAY NIGHT
Realizing it was almost morning, the boys stopped and Paul walked off and came back with a tool box, which contained everything he thought they needed to clean Casey up. “Windex? What the hell are we supposed to do with Windex?” Billy asked Paul. “Well, you never know.” Paul answered. “You’re as slick as snot on a doorknob, Paul” Billy remarked. Billy used the soap and water that they had stashed away in the toolbox to clean Casey’s body. Then, as a team effort, they stood Casey up and put her dress back on her. “Where is her underwear?” Billy screamed at Paul in paranoia. “Gezz man, don’t look at me.” Paul replied. They set off like a herd of turtles, searching for her underwear. However, her panties and her bra ever never found. “Maybe Rufus took off with them” Jesse stated. Rufus was Michael’s old hound dog that was as worthless as Michael was. “I told you to keep up this everything Michael.” Billy stated. “It’s not my fault. You’re her date. Should I go home and steal some from my sister?” Michael replied. “You’re about as handy as a back pocket on a shirt.” Billy added. “Excuses are like assholes. Everybody’s got one and they all stink.” Paul said. Billy rolled his eyes and began combing out Casey’s hair, and he sat her into the truck. Then he climbed in the driver’s seat and started the engine. “Clean up the mess boys. Don’t leave nothing behind!” Billy shouted at his partners in crime. This is when Casey lost it. Ill-fated perception and spiritual numbness invaded her senses. She just knew they were going to take her somewhere else, kill her and hide her body in the woods. Her spirit took over and she lost consciousness. Her awareness, as to what happened while she was out, was null and void.
But Allah lies in wait for them, and He will not forsake this nation. He will not allow these people to continue to spread corruption in the land. We wait for the revenge of Allah to descend upon them, and, Allah willing, it will be by our own hands: “Fight them, Allah will torment them by your hands, and bring them to disgrace, and will assist you against them, and will heal the hearts of the believers, and you will still the anger of your hearts.” This is my message to the treacherous Jews, who have never adhered to what is right, or been true to their promises, who violate each time the promises them make to you.
My kingdom, safest when with one man mann'd,
Here is a list of the areas she chose to work on each month (in order):
“Write,” she said, instead of ‘hello’. “You and I, we are supposed to write!” With her sweet, Georgian accent, she launched into a synopsis of her time at the meeting. There were other women, she said, just like us, who dream to translate a tiny little fraction of what God whispers into our lives onto the page.
As matters get worse, the husband becomes a sick and irresponsible child who needs to be continually monitored due to marital (relationships), employment, financial and often legal problems.
A notice is not a bill. A notice is not a demand. A notice is nothing more than… an OFFER. It is an offer to discuss the notice with which you have been served.
at that hour,
As you can see from the website's photos it was pretty amazing!
There is more than the sweet outer wrapper
For several days.
For people who like to read mysteries but still want to feel smart:
I know they're four thousand miles away, thinking the same thing I am, wishing we were all together. But it comes down to one thing: I knew what I signed up for.
What the proffie forgot to tell us is that the Glen Grey act was a British experiment that applied only to one location (now called a township), the Tambookie location outside of Queenstowns after the place got so overcrowded, because of the Xhosa’s own created famine of 1856-1857 in which they killed all their cattle and burned down their crops because a teenage prophetess called Nongqawuse told them that it would make the whites disappear into the sea.
"Nope. Ya see, it seems someone lost the shaker of salt," he said.
In one instance the authors seem to infer (from their cited source) that it has been shown to be perfectly legitimate to proceed directly from biopsychosocial theory (or the “conceptual model”) to biopsychosocial practice and policy, when the cited author in fact concluded that the biopsychosocial model is “hardly a theory” and “certainly not a model”.
Many of the "new" buildings will be mosques, many with minarets, eventually even in old towns such as Kings Lynn. What I can not understand is that in the first instance some of these new buildings receive awards and much aclaim but when one goes back in twenty years or so, one can not escape the thought of why did they receive such aclaim in the first place. There is also a similarity with sculpture, many new sculptures much aclaimed receiving awards etc. but not understood by the majority and despised by many but for the "scupturer" money (usually ours) for old rope, but hey, I have an idea for a sculpture, it will made out of old rope! will be "modern" and the public will "pay" for it. I am sure that it will win awards and much aclaim.
Well, it's a new year now, isn't it? Josh and I spent NYE day celebrating the 1st birthday of our best friends' twins, and then spent a quiet evening at home watching Simpsons, snacking, and doing laundry. Exciting I know, but there's nothing else I would rather have been doing.
The meeting saw 3 people attend their first Socialist Party meeting, with lots of interest in coming to more and joining the party. This was the first meeting we’ve held in Armley and follows our succesful campaigning on Town St over the past few weeks as well as door-to-door campaigning. Whatever the result of the elections, we fully intend to fully this up with regular campaigning in Armley and further Socialist Party meetings in the area.
But, dear heart, where do you wish to begin, this day?
"Yeah, punch me." I stood there. He said "do you know how to punch?" I really didn't. I have taken some "Fight Like A Girl" classes, but they were focused on fitness not fighting. I can punch a bag ok, but I wasn't sure I knew how to punch a person. That was his first glimpse at my level...not very high. So we did a little punching on a pad. Fine. Then he showed me some other things and we chatted some more. He asks a lot of questions...if I do this then what happens? What's the first thing that happens in a fight? Have you ever eaten a sandwich? I didn't know many of the answers. Most of our conversations went like this.
Well luck would have it that a Guitar Gangsters/Peter and The Test Tube Babies show would fall on a Thursday and then on Friday would be local openers (that is San Jose bub!) NOise! and Factory Minds opening shows for Cocksparrer and Rancid.
...and some news on the DigiStamp Boutique front....we have a new DT member for April and you can see Janelle's first DT creation on the the blog HERE...as well as all other DT creations...
pick out the prizes. I was so serious about them.
But the truth it seems, is altogether more pedestrian.
Newsweek
- When faced with new information that contradicts the established Authoritative Source, close your eyes, plug your ears, recite the facts you know, and wait for the new information to go away.
By the way, my dad is white and my mom is asian. I think I started checking "White" on these things because I thought that you were supposed to default to your father's race.
Going along with the theme, we went to the library in search of bus books. We ended up borrowing two. Bus Stop, Bus Go by Daniel Kirk and School Bus by Donald Crews. And we made a school bus craft. As busy as we have been the last few weeks, I kept this one as simple as possible. Especially since he did another bus craft at Kindergarten Club and received several print outs from the bus safety teachers/drivers.
Needless to say Nanny has poked her bony finger into the planned celebrations. She is worried about the hanging of bunting, and has demanded that those who wish to hang bunting go on professional health and safety courses that teach them how to mount (or is it climb?) ladders.
PRETTY GIRLS MAKE GRAVES is a dark and stylized examination of the vicious things we do in the name of self-preservation, and questions the frantic necessity to tell our stories to establish human connection-however ugly they may be.
This is a most self-serving and irresponsible statement, not to mention dangerous.
Director- Paul Crowder
10. We would already have a world series if Steve Bartman had not caught that ball.
No, and you know why? Because you're attempting to read a novel before learning your ABC's. You have to build your abilities from the beginning, which brings me to point number 2:
I can hardly wait to have a drink in person with her
This scenario not only reflects the sort of desperation Mendoza had on his mind but also of our justice system. Is our judicial system that bad that no one would dare believe in due process? Being a policeman should have made Mendoza believe more in the system but what the hell happened? All those years being in the service proved nothing. He should have filed a petition or a complaint, waited and even waited some more for a decision like a model citizen should have done.
But I feel like I've learned so much and taken so much information in that I don't even know where to begin. What story do I share first? Will anyone be able to understand? Can I paint a picture with my words so that people will feel like they were there, too? How do I start? There's so much to say.
Grease hands with oil; wrap a portion of filling with a portion of the skin. Drop the cakes into the middle of a cellophane square. Flatten the cakes into square shapes and wrap, seal the cellophane with the hot tip of and incense.
1/3 cup red onion, finely chopped
Exhibit A 2
Fund also offers this gem:
I know that this happens everyday and I am not the only mother. But sometimes it feels like I am. Sometimes I feel like I am in it alone. That I have to do it all by my self! But I dont have to be in this alone! There are women going thru it, and if you need someone to talk to like I do I am here…….
1 lied
Well, after several plays I can report that the voice is still as beguiling as it ever was. That low register growl that shoots up to a pure falsetto inflected with that kooky Welsh/Greek accent is one of pop’s most unique instruments. Also present and correct are the thoughtful yet pointed lyrics. I haven’t found myself really listening to what a song is actually saying since ooh…the days of Joni Mitchell in the 70s. She really does have a way with words, this girl.
The stuff cost and arm and a leg, so I was reluctant, but I knew the cut was big enough for a few meals. Of course that would mean nothing if I hated it.
I am 20 and go to University do you see me rioting no this rioting cost England over 200 million pounds which I saw in the news so in a time of recession and these young people do this.
“In Paddington hundreds of houses have been rented or bought by coloured people since the war. Statements are being taken from 2,000 residents who protested to the borough council against “the ever-increasing practice of selling to coloured people houses in which there are already white tenants.” Mr.George O’Connell, a member of the council said to me that a committee formed in the borough would sift through evidence provided by the residents. He hoped shortly to discuss the problem with Sir David Maxwell Fyfe, Home Secretary.”...We are not so much concerned about the effect on values of neighbouring properties as on the white tenants who are forced out by them.”
With all the hype about new media and social business, it’s an easy task for evangelists to tell you that you need social media tools in your organisation. Unfortunately, much of the talk still seems to be more about dogma and less about actually educating people about what to do and what to watch out for. An important factor that is often overlooked regarding adoption is corporate culture — and it can have a dramatic impact on whether your steps into social business or government 2.0 endeavours will be successful.
The tart, smoky taste of peat is such a scotch whisky signature, and so unlike any flavor in the bourbon profile, that it is easy to say no common ground exists between the world’s two favorite whiskey styles.
Over the years, King Electrical Services had always been a small business. However, during the Great Recession, King’s business has actually improved as his union competitors have priced themselves out of work.
We then walked back to Grafton Street. While we were there after our walk, we hoofed it up to Butler’s Chocolate shop so Margaret could get a chocolate bar and then we found a Starbucks and went and got a cup of coffee. Once we finished our coffee we found an Apple Store and I went in to look up Murphy’s Ice Cream on the iPad. It turns out that the Murphy’s in Dublin was less than 200 yards from the place we had dinner the night before.
Now, upon applying this program, it has occurred to me that gabies (babies made by gays) and drag queens could also benefit from the wisdom of Cesar Milan. Of course you could parent your gayby with any old Dr. Spock-ish book on parenting out there, but why be so boring? Your child was born into an alternative family, so why not try out some alternative parenting methods? As far as drag queens go — there are absolutely no books out there for parenting a drag queen. I should know, for I have spent a good portion either performing or drinking in gay bars and – as a result – I have babysat many a drag queen. I have realized that a drag queen needs exercise, discipline, and affection, as well as boundaries, rules and limitations as much as any puppy or gayby that I know of.
I enjoyed the experience and as usually happens when book lovers gather to discuss books, there was not enough time to discuss... um, well... books. One of the topics which fell victim to the clock was how exactly parent bloggers tell the public about books.
Last week after Romney won all the primaries of the day, he gave a little “rah rah” speech in where he asked the same basic question Ronald Regan asked more than a decade ago,
Of course, the buyer could post on sites such as ForSalebyOwner.com, ByOwnerMLS, or utilize the “Make Me Move” feature on Zillow. The challenge is that unless the buyer specifically wants to purchase a FSBO, it’s much more efficient to search on the brokerage or MLS sites.
Happy 92nd birthday to my beautiful Grandmother, Marjorie!
Author Cecelia Ahern takes joint sixth spot on the Ireland Rich List, with a fortune of £8m (€10m).
ABC News was given exclusive access to the GAO report, which capped off a nationwide yearlong investigation by ABC News on the overuse of the most powerful mind-altering drugs on many of the country’s nearly 425,000 foster children.
Rachel was admiring the deck work that John Domingo had taken on. It was amazing how much damage two years of sun and rain could do to a deck. John first sprayed deck cleaner on the wooden deck and let it sit for half an hour. It worked a little like the paint remover John had used on the chest of drawers they’d inherited from Grandma. The chest was painted and the remover made the paint bubble-up so he could putty knife it off. Here the deck cleaner loosened the dirt and mildew so that the power washer could strip the grime away. John was working hard and sweat was dripping down his shirt. Just then the doorbell rang. Rachel cried, “I’ll get it!”
It seems that once a person has formed an expectation concerning the subject being observed–this influences future perceptions of the subject. Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp., thought the idea of a personal computer absurd, as he said, “there is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home.” Robert Goddard, the father of modern rocketry, was ridiculed by every scientist for his revolutionary liquid-fueled rockets. Even the New York Times chimed in with an editorial in 1921 by scientists who claimed that Goddard lacked even the basic knowledge ladled out daily in high school science classes. Pierrre Pachet, a renowned physiology professor and expert, declared, “Louis Pasteur’s theory of germs is ridiculous fiction.”
"Less," he said.
Ive always enjoyed painting my nails but lately I’ve really been branching out and trying new colors. I can’t walk into CVS without browsing through the various polish racks. I’ve been adding to my collection quite often recently and my newest addition is my favorite at the moment. I bought Sally Hansen’s Barely Bluebell with some of my CVS extra bucks (love those coupons!) and covered it with a sparkling topcoat from Essie. This is what I got!
I read the first chapter of Spider in a taster booklet given to me by Linda Strachan. What hooked me was the opening sequence of speeding through streets, I was amazed how well the author captured that feeling of driving too fast, beyond control, knowing how dangerous it is and not wanting to slow down. It got me inside Spider's mind - I could feel what compelled him to do this - and why he didn't want to give it up. The rest of the book is equally gripping, though for different reasons, as Spider and his friends try to come to terms with the consequences of such reckless fun. I don't really want to say too much in case I give away the plot but any teenager with a need for speed should be MADE to read this - maybe it would help them see the dangers in a way that all the moralizing in the world cannot. With that in mind I was rather disappointed to see that our county library service only had one copy and that I was the first person to borrow it.
I use the same basic principles to merge all my images - although I don't often use just ONE image and this is the first time I've used the "blur" effect.
Anywhoo -- I guess that about does it for my little life update! The sweet comments, emails, tweets, etc are still pouring in in regards to Toby, so thank you thank you thank you! It means the world to us!
DH and I got to be adults instead of just parents for a while. We drank beer all day and ate whenever we wanted and whatever we wanted, took our time getting ready for the day, got to read books in the middle o the day, and even slept in some. It was nice, but I still missed her.
Even though I was honoured just to test recipes for her, Dreena was kind enough to send all of the testers a copy of her book. The cover is great and there are some full-colour photos inside that are truly mouth-watering.
- Mango punch
I give freely to my children. I do not use gifts to manipulate. I do not give gifts and then ask for payment in return. I do not take away gifts to punish.
‘From the moment he placed Harry Potter
Let me preface this by saying I never run in the early mornings. Like never ever. Well, maybe 7 or 8 am once in a blue moon but never 5:30-6:30 in the morning. I'm just not a morning person. That's why it's worth noting that today I ran at 6:30...in the morning! Crazy. You see at about 6:20 I awoke from this terrible nightmare (and of course, I don't remember even a bit of it now) and did not want to go back to sleep so I decided to go ahead and try to get in as much as my run before having to get the boys out of bed and ready for school. I was dressed and on the treadmmill by 6:27. My training plan called for a 20 min warm-up with 4x1600s at an 8:17 pace. I knew I wouldn't have all that much time so I got in about a 5 min warm up and 3x1600s instead of 4. And then a 5 min cool down. So, a run that would've normally got me 7 or so miles ended up being 4.2. I'll take it!
I started rummaging around my craft draws looking for a suitable stamp for this challenge and found right at the back this beautiful floral heart by PSX stamps. I have had this stamp for years and it hardly ever sees the light of day. I am definitely going to us it more often now!
Think 80' of the steepest flume at the pool or the highest helter skelter at the funfair. Bung in sharp bends, precipitous drops and stomach-churning rolls. Then multiply by 100!
In response to queries posed by a netizen ‘Kelvin Leong’ on his Facebook as to whether NUS is delaying giving a verdict in Sun Xu’s case, Mr Baey replied:
April 24 TBA, Jacksonville FL
First is "Evily" by Jerry Grandenetti (art) and Bill Parente (story). Evily is a sorceress who is Vampirella's cousin, living in a castle in the Black Forest of Vaalgania. She invites a number of guests to her castle for a party who are revealed to be monsters. She also brings back a number of people to the dead from her basement. The monsters bring her a cloaked figure which ends up being Vampirella in a cameo role. Vampirella demands Evily's throne and a spell of Evily is bounced back at her by her mirror, turning her into a cat. Some good art by Grandenetti, but a rather weak start to the issue.
What has thus far been a blessing to South Africans, and the main factor in preventing a racial polarisation, might now become a part of the racialisation of South African politics. Traumatised and divided societies often have one institution that commands the respect of a vast majority of the populace.
For our second child, we purchased an additional dozen preemie prefolds, bringing us to 3 dozen. We used the 6 Proraps but he quickly outgrew them. They did not fit him well either. The newborn size was sold shortly after our first child outgrew them due to our dislike of them. I found CottonWraps (purchased 5) made by Litewraps***, which were very accommodating for his chubby thighs and did not scratch his tummy. These were used on both the second and third child. I also lent them to my friend for her third child and could easily be sold as very good used condition (although she dyed one yellow).
Unfortunately the Fitness Testing and forced-running regime of school PE from 5th grade onward quashed whatever fun could be gained from it. I am sure I would not have survived high school fitness if not for the companionship and co-lamentations of one of my closest friends, who luckily happened to run (most of the time) at the same slow pace as me, with whom I spent five years running in tiny circles while singing, talking, laughing. One of the PE teachers referred to us as the slow girls, which is OK. We deserved it.
So, we are looking to fix up the old kitchen. Actually it went a little something like this.
-we have always loved this name, and seriously considered it for our second daughter. It's unique and pretty without being too different.
6) My friends
Mustard Seeds- 1/2 tsp
Forces
Entry period closes at midnight PST on Monday, March 19, 2012. The winner will be chosen by Random.org and will be announced on the Simplified Bee Facebook page on Tuesday, March 20, 2012.
In the first stage of life before you were born you made agreements that we call soul contracts. Unlike legal contracts there are no requirements and there is no penalty for not completing a contract. At the time of your birth these agreements were simply the best way for your spirit to mark the path that you wished to travel.
This is the longest pregnancy in history.
(Note: I just read the NY Times at 2:58am and the have filed the story accurately detailing the neighborhood as Clinton Hill, although they listed the location as being Fulton Near Vanderbilt, when the shooting occurred just as close to Clinton Avenue as Vanderbilt Avenue.)
The most common counterargument from the creationists is: "Well, surely, not all of the Bible is a fact. Some of it is a big metaphor. It was written by different people and some things might even contradict themselves."
This Jo-Ann Fabrics coupon gets you 40% off any regular priced item (with code AE916, expires 4/15/12). You can also get Cash Back on your purchase! The most recent rate was 6%.
See some of my recent discoveries:
How about you all, have you had to get smoke smell out of diapers? What worked?
The T-Shirts come in Adult, Ladie's fit, and Youth sizes.
Sounds like crap to me; the kind of crap that empty suits say in an election year...
He shall not be diminished, never;
The entry deadline is May 9, and beers must be received between April 25 and May 11.
We continue to be under north winds here in the Indiana Dunes. Hopefully this changes tomorrow with a short spell of south winds, before shifting again back to the north.
As time went on, and gentler forms of suppression failed to have the desired effect, official efforts to eliminate the Counterjihad have become more overt. Harassment, public demonization, shunning, removal of police protection, loss of employment, withdrawal of public benefits, and legal prosecution: these are just a few of the methods that have been used over the last few years in an attempt to shut down the opposition to sharia and Islamization.
Check out these posts to see some highlights from the last two years:
Oh, well I know that this is a light and momentary trouble. A day will come when the only tax we will owe is that of praise and thanksgiving to the LORD; to whom we actually do need for our very breath.
It was back in December 2009 when Mouse called on the Church to do exactly this. In fact, he offered to to it for them, although no-one called to take him up on the offer.
I took Sen. Obama out for drinks later at the Two Party House, a bar I like. The Senator got pleasantly buzzed, as you can see:
Ahhhh... it's okay. It's just a game.
06 I Once Wrote Some Poems
Tom’s shark nursery off Bimini had kept the species alive, against all odds, a birthing and feeding area where young sharks—barely bigger than wine bottles—could eat and grow without being eaten themselves. She wished someone at the time had thought to create a similar nursery somewhere for whales–darlings of the eco-warriors.
@myinfamy: Beck says 'Screw you guys, I'm going home'.
I chatted up a storm with the cashier, who also had much to talk to me about regarding the economy and various stories of recent she had,. When I handed her my credit card with my male name on it, she knew.... but she didn't even blink an eye. In fact, she seemed even more impressed and she gave me a thank you at the end of the transaction that was far above what she had given her prior customers ahead of me in line. When I replied nearly simultaneously back wishing her and her the happiest of holidays, she had a warm look in her eye and replied back in a heartfelt way wishing me the same.
I think I may be able to appreciate the episode more than others because I am already a fan of the crime fiction genre. I mentioned that there were crossovers where the Doctor assumes the mantle of detective - happens more often that not, in my opinion, but not that often in such an obvious and traditional way.
And yet, as much as I am in love with the City of Light, its denizens find a way to wedge poo underneath my high heels when I least expect it.
The opener, Papercuts, is definitely worth mentioning to you guys. They’ve been around for awhile, but I’m a latebloomer and had never heard of them. Their most recent album, You Can Have What You Want, came out in March of this year. They have a very full, layered sound, with a lot of wonderful synth that creates that sort of ethereal musical fog we all know and love. Jason Quever’s voice makes Ben Gibbard jealous, I think, because he achieves melancholic preciousness without whining. Just kidding, I like Ben’s voice, but I like Jason’s better. Anyway, apparently while I was sitting on my butt before Camera Obscura came onstage, my sister and husband went to get drinks and had a mini-conversation with Jason outside by the merch. table. So, great job me for missing a prime opportunity to ask any questions at all to post on the blog. From what I can gather, Jason likes playing music and says that either us coming to see Papercuts play or him playing in Papercuts is better than being bored (it was one or the other, I can’t remember what they said). It’s okay, talking to people in bands scares me anyway. You can check out their myspace page here. Their older albums are clearly worth checking out as well, I especially like Can’t Go Back. Moody music makes my life on rainy days like today.
What a word, what a question. The T.V. has been on since 5.30 this morning and in between work, etc I have been watching the horror of a huge super storm about to launch itself upon the north eastern coast of Australia. A cyclone called Yasi that is 500km across and has wind speeds of 295 kmh, categorized as a level 5 event, the highest you can get. It is predicted to hit the coast around 10.00 tonight near the town of Innesfall in Queensland. It is now, according to reports too late to leave and the evacuation shelters are all full. This cyclone is the largest ever in recorded history we have had to deal with in this country. In an age of media and computer communications the event is right in our faces, in our lounge rooms and workplaces.
Some of you might be wondering "what the heck are auction items". In my family, every year we have a family reunion. One the of things we do while together has become one of the most exciting for many family members. After lunch on the last day (usually a Saturday), we have an auction. The money raised goes towards the costs of the reunion. We have been doing this for about 5 years now and it gets a little bigger every year.
9) My banged up Thesaurus. The cover is ragged and held together with packing tape. A crack in the binding makes the book open automatically to #626 every time. It’s from 1972 and is by far the best thesaurus I own (never mind how many thesauri populate my shelves). It has the best index, includes older phrases that I love to use, and its organized in Roget’s original system, which is far more useful than an alphabetical listing.
It has been around 10 years since my last Call of Cthulhu game, and now that my group seems to be getting more open to lots of non-D&D alternatives to our regular game, I figure next year might be a good time to introduce it to some CoC . My long time player Terry is the only one of them with any experience with the game, and she loved it. She actually had a character survive at least two campaigns with her sanity mostly intact (by staying in the background and hiring a gangster bodyguard).
Andrew Kirk, The Church and the World
Though the bill will require millions of hectares of already cleared land to be replanted, environmentalists expect it will make it too easy for farmers, responsible for much of the deforestation of the Amazon and other swaths of environmentally sensitive land in recent decades, to comply with regulations that stipulate how much forest they must preserve or put back.
The blackberry fruit, brambles, flowers and bushes are sth what I really like to watch. In a family garden there is a plant of it and I used to taste it a lot. Thanks to family memories these blackberry's Easter eggs are very sentimental to me. The fruit of it is dark violet colour that sometimes even looks to be black and also it is usually big and full of juice. The juice or the syroup made from it is really healthy and tasty. Last days we have tried a dessert in a local restaurant with it.. and it has become one of our favourites here.
- Keep close to family and friends. Restore your daily routine. Do the external things necessary to fit into the rhythm of everyday life.
What happens to your ability to concentrate when you're tired? Your driving skills? Any skills? They suffer. Willpower is no different. It takes practice to get good at it. Ever wonder why there's infinitely more advertisements for junk food at night rather than in the morning? Simple: people are tired after a full days work, so their willpower is more likely to falter. It's more effective to advertise crap food when peoples' guards are down. Try and recognize when this happens to you.
Send the photo on to Johnny, make sure he knew it was real. Ask for a bag of cash to keep it from the press and give him the phone in return.
﻿A book from 'The Dark Is Rising Sequence' which as regular readers of this blog will know, has been a big love of mine since childhood. Especially now I live in deepest darkest Cornwall, surrounded by settings used in the books. :)
But even more important still, have I been telling God that there’s no hope? I’ve just been overall negative this week, and I really don’t think I have a good excuse to be like this. I’ve been trying to force myself to focus on Good Friday and hope and Easter and all that, but all I can seem to focus on is me and everything I have to do. Last time I did that, I wound up giving up on everything all together.
The hotel called for taxi n we left at 7.30am.
Last year was a bit different, what with Luis Castillo and Oliver Perez. I admit that I was waiting for Castillo and Perez to slip up and do something I could perceive as not being for the team’s benefit. Possibly other fans were too. However, given their precarious situations with their terrible contracts and awful performance, it would have been a nice gesture for them to show up early. Especially since they were told they needed to compete for their roles. Yet they had bad attitudes.
Samuel E. Mixon is interred at Beaver Dam Cemetery, Ray City, GA
-Spaghetti - using homemade spaghetti sauce I made last fall (I also 'sneak' some minced frozen zucchini into the sauce... it is too small to be noticed but adds some more good veggies to the mix. ;P My family doesn't do chunky cooked veggies of any sort well, but this works for us.)
The state is God? – April 20, 2012
Better Business Bureau:
Then grief has left you low it causes tears to flow
Level 1: MP Cost: 30, Duration: 66 seconds, Damage: +2%, Critical Rate: +11%, Minimum Critical Damage: +1%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
5. Notes the speech given by Secretary-General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference at the fifteenth session of the Human Rights Council, and draws on his call on States to take the following actions to foster a domestic environment of religious tolerance, peace and respect, by . .
Prize
JA: Can you still dance at your age?
This morning, after 9 hours of sleep, I’m feeling slightly more like a human.
And now I know why I feel a kinship with flamenco which is described thus:
This is the story of a girl beginning to step out of the boat.
Miss Marble Lipglass:
If you've decided to go to subway, get the Veggie Delite. It's a little known fact, but it's actually their best sandwich. Enjoy!
There was a snorting noise that sounded suspiciously like laughter before Howard got himself under control. “Well, if you’re lucky, they’ll use one of the earlier versions which were pretty much just a padded seat with a foot-rest and your horse will be led by another rider.”
Of course, you’ll need discipline, too. Perseverance. Determination. And of course, there will be days when you can’t focus, can’t get a word down on the page, when you’re feeling drained and out of ideas.
I feel/felt the same about taking the Haunted Tour here in Fort Collins. I thought it would be neat for Mat and I to learn some of the history of where we now live plus, there's not much to do here other than ski and that gets old.
Edited for the start of business on Tuesday, March 8.
My ToDo List
Briony, the unreliable narrator, is a bitter, damaged girl who holds herself accountable for far too many accidents. She adores the memory of her beloved Stepmother, resents her quiet, apparently uncaring father, and spends her days and nights looking after her beautiful but difficult sister Rose. When golden-haired, charismatic Eldric arrives in Swampsea, it takes her a while to adjust to his sunny, light-hearted ways. Slowly he begins to show her how to enjoy life. But she has secrets - dreadful secrets. Terrible things have happened in Swampsea. Witches are evil. And Briony knows she is a witch.
SYDNEY – Australia captain Michael Clarke will miss Friday’s tri-series one-day international against Sri Lanka with a hamstring injury, Cricket Australia said on Monday.
Moving can be an expensive, exhausting, time-consuming and frustrating process. Learn how to manage this better during your next house move.
I hope that this exposure of this intimidating duo can prompt us to do one thing. To enable us to take firm control of our situations and enable us to strike a balance of being vigilant, sensitive and proactive without being obsessive.
* Get a humidity monitor for your room so you know how much moisture you should be adding to your air, and you'll be able to adjust your humidifier's settings accordingly.
Brenda Scott is a dj at a local radio station that is not going great. For Brenda it goes from bad to worse as her boyfriend dumps her, her mother gets a boy toy and her brother moves in. What Brenda does gain is a sexy man who actually likes her but does he like the real Brenda or this new fun woman she has become.
So, things learned…
This Saturday I switched the summer quilt on our bed to the down comforter. This, of course, guaranteed that it would be close to 80 degrees all weekend long.
As a young Christian, I recall the deep influence of one of my Sunday School teachers, “Miss Eleanor”. She was a godly woman who knew what it was” to keep her mind stayed upon Him”, for it showed in all aspects of her life. She faithfully taught a little band of girls age, 12-14, back in the late 50′s and early 60′s, and her living witness impacted me profoundly in so many ways.
The other cat was young but had a large tumor on its face. She was very peaceful.
And this is part of what I love in the best leaders I've danced with, in the States or in Argentina: Their attentiveness, sensitivity, and adaptability in the face of challenging and changing floor conditions--even the ones I help create! Their kindness and humor just as much as their skillful dancing.
But something was missing.
In 2007, Feldman was chairman of the Leaders¿ Club, a dining group for Tory donors who each gave a minimum £50,000 to party funds each year – they would have lunch or dinner in Mr Cameron¿s office in the Common
I made a 4x 5 1/2" kraft card base. Trim pattern paper and adhere. Tie on ribbon. Die cut Lacey circle from white cardstock and circle from pattern paper. Mat and adhere on card. Die-cut small circle. Stamped starts and ice cream cone and ink up the edge.
Poor Skipper. Maybe he’s the one that needs the paramedics.
with a clap of cannonball thunder
So, I showed you the me-mades I wore over the weekend so let's fast-forward to this week! I was at the seaside over the weekend and had been going for a bit of a nautical theme because, why not. I think I unconsciously carried this forward into what I wore to work on Tuesday:
One in 10 people plans to drink more than 40 units of alcohol during an evening out, according to research.
I also broke one of the ultimate FASHUN ROOLZ - I wore spots and stripes together!
Today's first writer is the beautiful YA Paranormal Romance writer, Lucy Swing. Lucy lives in sunny Florida with her husband and two kids, and is definitely a chica I can get down with. Not only is she a fellow book hoarder who must ALWAYS have a book nearby, she's also a true lover of music.
My appreciation of the Canton Arms seems to be growing with each visit. I need a weekly fix as a minimum and this week found myself sharing the fix over dinner.
What is your favorite mythical creature/ monster and why?
So as the NFL draft comes in April try to remember the name Lefevour because you will hear it called and you will hear for a long time on sundays. and then you can tell me how I was right and how smart I am.
Here's another pic...
Then I got a teaching job. And had decided by about day 3 that I had made the biggest mistake of my life. By day 11 I was sobbing begging my parents and my boyfriend (future ex-husband) to let me quit. My dad said, buck up and finish this. You have to at least finish the year, then you can change your mind if you want. For the next 9ish months that was my main goal in life: to finish out that year and get the heck out as fast as I could. Had I stuck with it it's entirely possible that it would've gotten easier for me, and I would by lying if I said that there were some rewarding moments during that year. But, then again, I could've hated every other second I spent teaching. Who knows. What I do know is, I got out of teaching as fast as I could.
Oh and one more thing, itunes has several Bollywood songs/albums you can download. Music is just as crucial as lighting when it comes to setting the perfect ambience!
Then it got harder to watch every week and your episodes starting piling up in our DVR. We figured we’d watch them in time and never deleted them, even when the number of unwatched episodes grew to ridiculous double digits. We wanted to stay.
'Neath noonday haze the
I want to read an story with Iron Maiden-like characters. Rock and comics always will be a cool mix!
pomposity.
Tracy :)
External goals to consider include:
Remember: That’s for 2 meals a day, plus snacks, teas, and multivitamins!
Its 8am in the morning. The train is about to reach Patna junction. Caterer serves the morning tea.
We like whiteboards to keep track of what's to be done around the office. They get full of notes about jobs to be done, shopping lists, and about a million unresolved problems.
No matter what you say or do
SOCIAL SERVICES, PENSIONS,EDUCATION.
Thanks Diane for sending the pictures and how to do it! When you decide to get into the blogging world, let me know and I'll be your first follower!
I ran. Kept running. Tear gas. Water cannons.
I have been a novice homebrewer for about 2 years now. It's something that started out as a fun way to make lots of good beer, cheap. But it has tunred into a passion. I absolutely love beer. Beer is good. Beer is my friend. And I would love to go into business with my friend beer.
October 20 marked the 32nd anniversary of the beginning of the “Zebra Killings” in San Francisco.
It's time for round three of the Pack Wars battle - this time Pinnacle Performers squares off against Stadium Club. As of now, Stadium Club is undefeated (2-0) while Pinnacle is 0-1-1. Can Pinnacle notch its first win or will Stadium Club remain the dominant box? Only one way to find out! For this round, the Pinnacle card will be listed first. This should be 18 cards for each box in a battle to the end!
Update: Removed superfluous closing comment about God working in mysterious ways. It seemed clever, but it really wasn't.
The Easter weekend saw me enjoying a range of different beers at the
“Well it’s better than just walking into town and being hit with a Black Lotus poison dart from the Five Animals Clan, or whoever they are,” replied Hermel.
Special features include: “Shoot The Moon: The Making of Hugo”; “The Cinemagician, George Melies”; “The Mechanical Man At the Heart of Hugo”; “Big Effects, Small Scale”; “Sacha Baron Cohen: Role of a Lifetime”; and “Martin Scorsese and James Cameron.” (Paramount Home Entertainment)
It was Melissa standing there in the rain, holding a suitcase. James embraced her with open arms and walked her inside. Telling her that she can stay as long as she wants. The two kissed again as Melissa removed James’ t-shirt, feeling his dry, warm body.
Just write the post on your blog and then link back to my Memory Lane Monday post. I'll be writing mine on Sunday evening so that you'll be able to link in plenty of time. The link will be active for one week, so if Sunday or Monday is too hectic for you, you can add your story at any time prior to the end of the week. I'm looking forward to sharing mine and hope you'll join me for another stroll down Memory Lane.
And this is not to be reckoned a small or cheap inheritance, as if it were distinct from our heavenly dwelling, since it is no other than these who are understood to enter the kingdom of heaven.
Picture Imperfect
Ingredients (for about 10 latkes)
Rant over. For now.
Some suggestions from me, the Grinchiest Elf on the block:
But this idea of “living in sin” has grown up in the Christianities especially in North America for one simple fact– we have confused ourselves as to what the church’s role is in society. See the church was never meant to be a tool of the government, we are to be a prophetic foil for society. Yet when it comes to marriage our clergy are agents of the state. In fact we have uplifted the idea that the “Power/authority of the state/province” superscedes that of love, God and family in acknowledging what a marriage is. Just look at the marriage ceremony, we have enshrined at the altar the signing of the governmental paperwork.
And thought. hey ho!
One year later, I am good. I am happy. I have a stronger testimony of the Plan of Salvation. I am a bit nervous about life and how short it is. I know it's inevitable but I don't want to feel that pain again of losing someone I love. It's hard to be left behind. I am looking forward though. I feel like a chapter in my book is closing and a new one is about to begin. President Hinckley said, "Life is to be enjoyed, not endured". I plan on doing just that.
It was pleasantly warm, but not so much that I felt unbearably hot at any time. Doomsday Hill followed a long downhill, so averaging kept me at a respectable 8:59 for that mile. They had mats at the top and bottom, and my "hill time" was four minutes. So clearly the hill was less than a half mile in length! What always frustrates me is the struggle to get back on pace after a hard hill. My mile after Doomsday was 9:00, even though the hill was finished and it was flat thereafter! Perhaps it included a little bit of the end of Doomsday.
Forcibly grounded.
Previous winners include Clancy's Black Beer, a schwarzbier brewed by Clancy Calhoun of Aztec, NM, and a "Merlo" Stout that was aged in oak barrels.
Okay, here we go, FINALLY!
-BB
I lovingly told Kamree that this would be her LAST stroller ride
“For good or for bad.
Your scent was still on my sheets this morning. My hands could not find where you were, but your fragrance engulfed me with desire.
There are thousands of more reasons why I love her so much... each day I find something new to appreciate about her. :)
Leading the sky with a three-pointer with 31 seconds remaining, was Brooklyn-native Epiphanny Prince. The Rutgers product finished the night with 10 points coming off the bench, shooting 3-for-9 from the field, and two assists.
Now The Fallen series, one of the best series I have ever read (besides the series coming up next ;P). Read it, absorb it, love it. That’s all I have to say.
Although they haven't requested donations at all, I'm sure, after almost a year of cancer treatment and everything that goes with it and now a funeral, that the Averys could use money. I know they could use prayers. This is their address...
As a candidate, Obama spoke eloquently of the need to bring the estimated 11 million immigrants here without documentation “out of the shadows.” As president, he stepped up the number of deportations to an all-time high: 298,401 in fiscal 2009, a 13 percent increase over the last year of George W. Bush’s presidency. But reforming our ridiculous immigration laws so that the millions of immigrants here illegally could have a path to legalization was deferred, like so many administration commitments, until health-care reform was enacted.
Müller set the record playing for Bayern Munich in the 1972-73 season and Messi has three more matches – two in La Liga and the Copa del Rey final – in which to add to his tally.
This on my 'use it up list' as it is just an okay product. I admittedly, bought it because I was intrigued by the scent. Unfortunately the scent is really the only thing it has going for it. This is super light and doesn't really provide much in terms of moisturizing and it contains alcohol (to provide the cooling effect) that said, it does feel nice and smells divine.
Once a proud family home in the country.
Another couple of photos. Takes like an hour to upload each one, so I can’t post all that I had hoped:
With Global Game Jam, my as-it-happened account of a 48 hour Game Jam development event, out on the figurative shelves of Amazon for just over a month, reviews are starting to crop up from both gaming websites and on Amazon. To my pleasure and gentle surprise, they’ve all been really quite nice.
I found a "cheap" one, all right, via a car dealer who was an old family friend. He'd bought a mid-1980s Chrysler LeBaron at an auction, which I purchased for the measly sum of $550 cash. The car had been parked in a field for many months prior to its sale, I was told. Nevertheless, the old Chrysler looked and ran pretty well, so it was more than sufficient for my needs.
22.Smile. Smiling while in conversation with others shows you are welcoming, relaxed, and interested in what they have to say.
elected as Hollins representative to the Roanoke VA County Board of Supervisors
to navigate uncertain tide.
Now, for some pictures of the kids. Keaton, Cassie and Keaton, Conrey and Keaton, and the most hilarious baby picture I've ever seen!
AN ACT DECLARING A STATE OF TOTAL EMERGENCY AS A RESULT OF WAR INVOLVING THE PHILIPPINES AND AUTHORIZING THE PRESIDENT TO PROMULGATE RULES AND REGULATIONS TO MEET SUCH EMERGENCY.
Here's the thing large agencies have in common with small ones: the level of paranoia, based on nothing, is genuinely frightening.
and if Congress won't make a deal that helps our nation,
“You should write a blog,” I told him.
Then, on a Wednsday morning, Albert is asked to return a saddleback boar to the valley. He agrees only if he's allowed to take Joey out in the evening to train him for hunting season, which his father responds to with silence. After Albert leaves, his father uses it as an opportunity to go behind Albert's back.
for my eyes to stop soaking up every bit of the land, like if I don't trap it all in my memory I may one day forget how the warm sun looks on the open fields...
cargo nets, check.
The mushrooms, butterflies and dragonfly on the fairy cards are made by me, using wire, paper and crystal effects by SU. Fiddly little things, but I love them.
Hershey’s Extra Large Bars 4-4.5oz 2/$2.98
Due to availability of different brands of Television in the market it is often consuming when you are trying to purchase a new Television for entertaining your family. You want it to be the best model and also make sure that there are no bad reviews in the market about the product. Samsung being one of the leading brands in the world of Television has captured many eyes due to its new releases of models over times and has been able to stay durable in its products.
It is important to note, however, that the new law does not require each lawyer to take on pro bono work, but it is an obligation of the Bar itself, through its volunteer lawyers.
Some of the protesters said they were lured onto the roadway by police, or they didn’t hear the calls from authorities to head to the pedestrian walkway. Police said no one was tricked into being arrested, and that those in the back of the group who couldn’t hear were allowed to leave.
After receiving the Spirit, I passionately wanted to see my loved ones receive the same experience. It took three years before my zeal reaped a harvest. I began college at Texas Tech, and for the two years I was there, I witnessed to—really more like badgered—my mother from afar about her need for the baptism of Holy Ghost. She and my father were Christians and very involved in their Baptist church in Austin, but I kept insisting that, despite their experience with Christ, God still had more for them. After I transferred to the University of Texas and moved in with them, I indefatigably reminded them of this. I must have been perfectly annoying.
Julie contact Diana Crick at Magnolia-licious (ladydian@shaw.ca) with your 3 choices of Magnolia stamps for your prize!
Hope everyone is doing well. Keep shooting the beauty of creation and enjoy every second of it!
Besides Justin Bieber’s miraculous story, I don’t believe too many people get signed because of Youtube. So the Asian community has to start sharing! Artists like Jason Chen that can do songs in multiple languages and equally as beautiful need to be recognized and acknowledged. We Asians have a strong representation in almost everything there is over here in America whether it be basketball, football, boxing, baseball, acting, entertainment, and many other things. Music is our next stop! #TakingOver
Rachel ignored her.
I have to show you this darling photo..that melts my heart. Aly has not been wanting to eat.. so basically, we are feeding her whatever we can get her to eat, .. whenever we can get her too. ( most of the time.. that's by hand). Nathaniel is just the kindest kid you can imagine. Here he is getting Aly to eat. She is doing well, other than the eating. Really spry as always. Her cancer can not be operated on. We love her so much. For now.. basically whatever this sweet dog wants.. she gets. ( today.. beef stew) .. fed by hand by Nathaniel, and shes loving every minute of it.
I did a really good toxin detox where I could eat good organic food and I got down to 238 pounds. Afterwards, I went back up to 245. This is where I’m stuck.
condition.
The Angels started the year with high expectations but have not been able to live up to the hype. Currently 5 games under .500, a team that spent a couple hundred million in the offseason slowly looks to be turning things around. Winners of their last three games, including a no-hitter by their ace Jered Weaver, this team looks like they are finally beginning to show signs of life.
Hilde
And if you were wondering, I do still have a tiny bit of lime curd in the fridge and it takes EVERY ounce of self restraint I have to not stick my finger in the bowl every time I walk by....
Oh, and they're demonstrative about it, too. They'll just speak right up and tell you how many bagged and sealed copies of the first edition "Star Wars" comic book they have, show you their complete set of "Lord of the Rings" action figures - still mint in the box (more valuable that way) and the autographed picture of them with William Shatner taken at last year's StarCon in Chicago...and they would have got a picture with Uhura and Chekov too, but they were on a smoke break with Richard Kiel and Warrington Gillette.
You're already starting to outgrow your 0-3 month clothing
Oh, and to the head of Vote FOR Marriage NC: we used to think that G-d’s “natural order of things” also involved a racial hierarchy, which we now see was just us being racists. It is possible that we just don’t know what G-d, if there is a G-d, wanted. Maybe we should leave Him/Her out of our politics.
﻿I made two of them and wrapped them together with florists cellophane and some rather lush Stampin Up Basic Black stripe ribbon. As the candle holders needed a base to stand on to wrap them I just cut of square of the packing card that comes in each pack of Stampin Up DSP.
You may have guessed from the last sentence that there is a hierarchy to all this, and you would be correct to think so. Although the environment, we as energetic beings exist within, is one that has been created by the Source Entity, the Source Entity is but one of twelve such entities created by the Origin, the creator of all. Even though the Origin is the pinnacle of energy, frequency and dimension given sentience, it took some time for it to recognize this and become self aware. The Source Entity explains:
The only other European trip I had ever seriously considered was years ago, before the Era of The Irish Redhead. A pal of mine from school wanted to take a golf tour of Scotland. I had the time and the money. Just never went. Frankly, I was pretty intimidated by the whole notion of traveling abroad by myself and meeting him in London. Fool.
4. It is irrelevant that the shape has been registered eg in Germany as a design.
When you do go into the track, the smell is every bit as recognizable as the walk into a baseball stadium. It’s just that instead of the smell of ball gloves and fresh-cut grass, you get the smell of burnt rubber, spent gasoline and motor oil. I haven’t been to a race since NASCAR switched to ethanol. I just hope that the greening of NASCAR hasn’t changed the sport’s distinctive aroma. Add to that that NASCAR crowds have the same kind of size (anywhere from 80,000 to well over 100,000) and energy of an NFL game, and you have a fantastic viewing experience. One year at Charlotte, I saw a Dale Earnhardt Jr. fan flash Jimmie Johnson the double bird every lap for an entire race. The race was 400 laps long. That’s 800 middle fingers – or nearly one for every one of HER tattoos.
17. Sam Cooke "Get Yourself Another Fool" 4:05
*So sorry for the yellow hue in these photos. I didn't want to let that stop me from sharing some pictures. Don't hate! :)
Outside dressings rooms in every store, were men leaning on clothes racks, downcast, defeated. These poor souls stood there laden with packages and purses, glazed expressions on their faces. Some had furrowed brows as they mentally tallied up the receipts their wives were accumulating. Some had a sort of meditation look on their faces as if by concentrating really, really hard, they might be able to telepathically get the score of the Cubs game. Others were simply thinking, "This is so not worth it. Maybe if we were at Victoria's Secret....nah, not even that is worth all this waiting. How long does it take to find what you need?"
Which the birds know in the woods mornings and evenings,
This buttonholer was originally sold with four templates and many people purchased an additional set of four separately, so if you're in the market for one of these, try to find one with as many templates as possible. The rare eyelet template, a perfect circle, is hard to find and goes for quite a chunk of change.
Now my excitement may seem silly, especially to you fancy iphone users, but my little old droid is so happy to be a part of this cool club. Honestly I don't know why I like it so much, I just get weirdly excited about the little things.
I hope you stick around to see what the new year brings for our family. I fully expect animals to come to our property this year. The only two things Jacob asked for this year for Christmas were sheep and a German Shepherd puppy. He didn't get either this year, but I have a sneaky feeling that next year he will have some animals to enjoy.
Sunday, 4/15. On the schedule 12. To do: 13.1. Because the idea of 7 half-marathons from January 28 ’til the marathon sounds way more impressive. Especially after I did the math and it was in 11 weeks. 7 half-marathons in 11 weeks. Wow.
Please see info below and take your time to prepare a well thought out application.
Remove from heat and allow to cool until not dangerous to handle. Move cooked apples to a food processor (it may take 2 batches depending on the size of your machine). Puree until very smooth (I use a Magic Bullet because it creates a super-smooth consistency in a matter of seconds). Eat while still warm, or cool for later. Great in a sealed container for a lunchbox!
Red pepper to taste
Which then sidetracked the whole table into a discussion of how 'old lady' crafts are making a big comeback among our generation. I got to talk about how my tattoo-artist younger brother knits his own socks--and no, I have no clue how he does it. He has a bunch of little needles and giant meaty hands, it's just amazing to watch. :)
What type do you think these lower forms of life belong to?
But scientists claim that the wiring would need vast amounts of extra energy to become more efficient. As before, they say it is impossible for humans to provide this, therefore we cannot get cleverer.
Betty Haynes (played by Rosemary Clooney) stayed home.
Oh crap, did Chris Harrison drug my coffee? Let me ask the glowing sea otter sitting next to me. No? Okay, we’re good.
They are truly epic!
Ok, so a one-word column might be a bit too neat. As conservative California friend 'John Wayne' points out, Hillary is a "30-percenter": 30 percent of the people are going to vote for her no matter what and 30 percent are going to vote against her no matter what. So on paper, Clinton needs to attract half out of the remaining 40 percent of the voters to win. But this is a more daunting task than it sounds.
FREETAIL BREWING CO. ANNOUNCES OPENING OF SAN ANTONIO LOCATION
Of course….there are worse things….CATS!
In support of their new Ferret Music release, Collisions and Castaways, 36 CRAZYFISTS will launch their first headline tour on September 16th in Seattle, Washington. The tour will hit 33 markets, ending in Denver, Colorado on October 23rd. Opening the tour will be Straight Line Stitch and Taking Dawn.
and he’s an idiot harasser
Lakefront Snake Chaser Irish Stout
We never pause to wonder at our feasts
05.Wake up and Live
BF: There are what? Two lanes? Hmm? is that what you were gonna say hmm? Two? One TWO? Uno, Dos *Looks pleased, snickers.
This afternoon, some friends of mine are off to see the film version of the novel and I have had to decline their invitation to see it just because I want to read the book, before I compare it with the film version. Have you seen the film? Did you enjoy it? If you have read the book, did the film live up to your expectations? Anyway, as soon as I finish 'The Hunger Games', not only am I going to watch the film, but rush out to buy the remaining books in this trilogy.
You may not be where you would like to be, but you are so far from where you were.
As I read Tiger’s Curse, I didn’t find many things along the way that were disagreeable with me. One point in the plot I found to be a bit unrealistic were the circumstances in which Kelsey found herself being whisked off to India. It was a minor issue, however, considering it was early in the book and not the main focus of the plot, but a necessary something to aid the storyline along. The only other aspect I found the book in lacking was the development of the main character, Kelsey. I feel I was given the basic picture of who Kelsey is, but not what makes her who she is. Otherwise, the characters were fantastically portrayed and written true to who they were. They were all memorable and loveable. The villain, on the other hand, plays a small part in the beginning and the end of the book, but appears he will make a more influential appearance in the upcoming books in the series.
DH told me last night that I can change this if I want to. That I can make things different, and it made me sad. Because I don't really see how. The things I'd like to change - it's not just my weight or my hair or my hobbies. It's bigger things, more subtle things. At this point, given our dependence on my income, I can't simply switch jobs. I'm not properly trained for much, really. I never pursued my MA. I've just a list of things I'm good at and no real idea how that would morph into something I really want to do. I've never identified my passion.
6 months before, preparations for this evetn begin and students go on canning trips and hold fundraisers to raise money for THON. It is more than just a fight for cancer and a name to promote. It brings together people and creates friendships. It is one of the rare occasions you will see almost the whole Penn State Community together at one venue, supporting each other and motivating friends and colleagues to make it through the tremendous task of dancing and staying on their feet for 46 hours straight. The stands are full, energy levels are high and spirits are soaring. Everyone is united together to fight a common enemy and to help those battling this reality be brave, courageous and strong.
Extreme Tech, Ivy Bridge: Intel’s killing blow on AMD, here. Let’s look at this again. For the FinQuant application space I’d estimate somewhere between 50% and 85% of what you care about in selecting a Linux server is the current, expected future, and realized future feature size of the fab producing the server’s microprocessors and chips. There are lots of other important variables: system and microprocessor architecture, programming languages, network transmission lines, compilers, operating systems, file systems, databases, etc. and each alone can make or break a FinQuant app, but they are all tails. The microprocessor fab feature size is the dog, it effectively determines how well my FinQuant infrastructure scales with Moore’s Law. The comparative technology priority has not always been this way. There used to be different instruction set architectures, networks were slower than DRAMs, and memories were small all requiring evaluation in addition to the shrinking microprocessor fab feature size. In all likelihood the comparative technology priorities will change in the future as well.
Well, my friend before he reserved asked for the price.. the woman said one.. and he was like "huh? only that much?" and repeated the price.. she said: "yes! that much!" and he asked again to be sure.. not only he did that, but an other friend too!
The audience seemed to enjoy it, and I had lots of positive comments from people afterwards.
**He comes in with toys tucked all over him, a baseball bat down the back of his underwear, things under each arm and a bowl on his head and says, "everyones going to pay attention to me in this suit, I am fully equipped."
Following a review of the allegation, the NJC asked Justice Salami to apologize to the chief justice for making those allegations. Justice Salami refused to apologise to him. He instead sued the NJC, asking the court to bar the judicial body from taking a decision on his case.
Yet no savior was in sight.
I have Beans in the crock-pot, and I am getting my hair cut & colored after workout today! I CANNOT WAIT - it has been 3 months.... YES THREE... since I got it done last!! That is WAYYYYY TOOOO LONGGGGG ;0)
Data. (day-tuh)
I love chocolate. Just hearing the word chocolate makes me smile. It conjures up a swirl of emotions for me. I like chocolate cake, chocolate bars, chocolate ice cream, chocolate chip cookies ... you get the idea. I love chocolate ten times as much knowing it's something my kids can safely eat as well.
Its not uncommon for us yarn addicts to make flowers and occaisionally fruit and veg, they’re great embellishments and provide fun play toys for children. However there are many other things that are knitted or crocheted in the plant world, many of which do not spring readily to mind. Whilst trawling through Google Images I’ve come across many cacti, fungi and flowers. However one thing I did not expect was crochet seaweed! Helle Jorgensen is a crochet artist, who creates all manner of unusual designs and shares them on her blog – Gooseflesh.
I’m not great at keeping secrets. The strained expression on my face is a dead giveaway that something is up; or that I’ve been using the Athena 7-minute Face Lift. As the latter is no secret, the former usually lands me in hot water. Thus, I’ve been keeping a low profile and avoiding Facebook lest my trigger finger inadvertently puts a hole in my poker face.
Include strategies. Develop strategies designed to move you toward your goals. If one goal is to memorize Scripture, determine how you will do that. What verses will you memorize? How often will you tackle a new one? What memorization techniques will you use?
BYU
Sorry there had to be tights again! Well the wedding is in January and in Ireland so weather wise things are a little scary. (Says she who got married in snow!) I love opaques with open toe shoes and I particularly love Bebaroque's tights and they are really fabulous in person. I may have a couple of pairs myself. I just think the details which they add to tights are clever, delicate and oh so girlie. Oh and you can totally wear them both ways with a bow or other detail on the front of your foot or at the back of ankle. Wonderful. (Also totally believe that hype that one size fits almost all. As you know I am not exactly a size 0 and they fit even me really well!)
Munyaradzi Gwisai, a lecturer at the University of Zimbabwe’s law school, was showing internet videos about the tumult sweeping across North Africa to students and activists last Saturday, when state security agents burst into his office.
“Vanya! I have found a cave!” Without hesitation, Kostya bounded across the rocks to it. As he neared, his radio burst into static. With a quick push of a button on his arm, the radio went silent.
She said,
CON 12 Hit points 27 Armor 15 points, hide of stone
“Flak” refers to negative responses to a media statement or program. It may take the form of letters, telegrams, phone calls, petitions, lawsuits, speeches and bills before Congress, and other modes of complaint, threat, and punitive action. It may be organized centrally or locally, or it may consist of the entirely independent actions of individuals.
Andy Gray, East Mildands NF organizer has announced that following the utter cave in by the EDL and the withdrawal of their invitation to Pastor Terry Jones of the American Dove Outreach ministry to address an EDL event planned in Luton, the National Front have stepped into the gap and openly invited Jones to attend an event to be organized by the NF instead.
Maybe it’s my confidence in God’s ongoing work that keeps me from being numbered among the “prophets of doom”. Anyone who knows me will tell you that it is not because I have a naturally cheerful personality. And it’s not because I am a better person than someone who meditates on all the problems in the world that need to be fixed. I understand that it takes all sorts of people to make up the Body of Christ, and that without their unique contributions and charisms we would be incomplete.
P.O. Box 32621
Everyone must see this film.
"I want you for always-- periods, decades, eternities." - Franz Schubert
Some friends of mine were sitting on their terrace enjoying a spot of lunch, when their neighbour came out from his kitchen, waved “Bonjour”, then promptly took a leak not more than 10m from where they were sitting. Well really! They were quite put off their cucumber sandwiches.
Kaisercraft
It's with a heavy heart that I bring you guys the tremendously saddening news that longtime Queensbridge rapper and producer Killa Sha AKA Sha-Lumi AKA Prince A.D. passed away this weekend.....
We are defective; He is perfect
-- The Los Angeles Angels (translated as The The Angels Angels).
4AM
I’m not published (yet), but I’m a writer. I’m not the author of bestseller XYZ, but I’m writing (nearly) every day and making decent progress (Screnzy aside, haha). Am I a successful writer according to my own definition (cf. previous posts of this series)? No, not yet, but I’m definitely getting there.
I reached into my pocket and handed him the small round metal ball.
Luckily, most schools are spending a good deal of time and effort trying to keep going with the 'meaning' side of writing ie books, poems, stories, rhymes, good non-fiction and of course the children's own writing. Even though there is very little on this coming from government, they know that phonics without reading for meaning doesn't work in the long term for the children they teach. People who bark at print, don't know what's going on.
3. Zeus the 7 month old staffy x. This young little pup is just a star! He loves swimming, very smart. Walks fantastic on a lead & is house trained. Mr Personality Plus Zeus loves life & is a quick learner.. So easy to train, especially with treats as he loves them! Young, malleable, trainable, loves other dogs.Will you be the one to guide him through life, with the right principles & most important of all, the love he deserves? Contact Pet Rescue at http://www.petrescue.com.au/
Stay tune for the next installment on Make Up and Hair Products.
- EPPY Program Award
Lemony Lavender Castile
And now some love for Miss Beth Rimmer! She has come up with these great niches that you can embellish any way you want. The next piece is SO me right now. Someone described my aesthetic as "cute and creepy"! They're so right. Her niches can be found here.
1 large head of broccoli, cut into florets
CNN, no doubt, will feature the sights and sounds of what is best and fun in the Philippines, but, unquestionably, it will also present the dismal sights and sounds of a struggling nation.
3) Coffee snobs: There are different classes of coffee snobs in New York. It’s not just the usual Tim Horton’s (they actually have Timmy’s there) vs the other guys. In NYC, it seems there are many classes of coffee shops topped by my favourite, Dean & Deluca. New Yorkers take their coffee seriously, these are my kind of people!
Let it be some buffering, and keep me waiting for a man, on clouds just for a little
She had, though that is neither here nor there. Being female is not an obstacle to understanding the offside rule, having it explained to you by someone who doesn't understand it either, is. I can forgiven the flagrant abuse of grammar and meaning by football pundits, we've all got used to it. But the sexism makes me squirm for you, Ronnie, you faucet of foolishness.
My tester chose Option #3. She has been taking the Fertibella for 2 1/2 weeks and has just used the ovulation strips and found that she is indeed ovulating. She tells me that the TTC Kit has been easy to use, the pills are easy to take and she feels confident that they are working! I am so looking forward to being able to update you all when she becomes pregnant. I'm so glad that I was given the opportunity to be able to do this review and to give the Kit to someone who so deserves to become a Mommy.
I created this mixed media altered book/ assemblage as a submission for Seth Apter's book "The Pulse of Mixed Media" to be published in Spring 2012. While my piece wasn't selected for inclusion, the experience of making it was an invaluable one. I had done some assemblages in the past, but had never made one from a book, so there was a good deal of trial and error involved. I ended up taking the cover off the book and attaching it to an old game board, which was not in my original plan. My good friend Cynnie, of Galerie 46, helped me figure out how to re-construct it so it would open like a book without tearing. I learned so much from this project, both technically and personally, and hope to create more work like this in the near future.
Enjoy my friends:
I have my very first art show on Dec 1st. Then I have 2 more that same week. That means it's time to get down to business and build myself a booth.
Those involved blame Malaysia’s refusal to sign a cooperation agreement on the investigation for the collapse of the case and the subsequent release of all the money back to Musa and his collaborators. That refusal was the responsibility of Attorney General, Abdul Gani Patail, a close relative of Musa.
AND MY TWO FAVORITES:
"What are you talking about? I don't even know you, who ARE you?"
Still has to be swaddled when he sleeps and has to have his binky. He will not take the other binkies and only wants the newborn, green ones we got from the hospital.
And there was Bobby in the casket.
Some times, we have un healthy people and places in our lives…
Half the winter’s to come – and mair”
And then, in November of this year, I went to the Confidence Workshop put on Me Ra Koh and her husband, Brian. I've decided that these two are either magicians or that God truly works through them. They took more than twenty women, of varying backgrounds and abilities and camera models, and in two days' time, taught us how to "shoot outside the green box" (auto mode, for you non-camera enthusiasts), effectively changing each of our lives. I know it did for me, and for so many other awesome women I met that weekend. I finally GOT IT!!!! I kept thinking to myself, "Really?! That IS it!" I walked away from that weekend with confidence for sure, new friends, a skip in my step and a determination to do more.
We held on to let it
Thursday, all that happened when Inge was released, is that sooner happened instead of later. And the Tigers are better ball club moving forward because it did.
He managed to lay claim to a good clutch of L.P.'s to aded to our collection at home. Ray Conniff and His Singers did not do much for my fourteen year old sensibilities but, oh, how Earl did!
Now I am not going to include my oldest daughter in this because she is a wonderful gift. She has type one diabetes really bad, works long hours as a nurse and takes care of Daniel her son and also Olivia who is my youngest daughters. She just doesnt need any pressure from me on her shoulders but she does call and she does listen and let me know how much she loves me.
I'm glad I was born before humanity filled up the land. I can see it coming- my childhood haunts are getting houses put on them, old trails now dead-end, or worse, get converted into driveways. And if this happens in Alaska, of all places... It'll be a miracle if there's any open space that isn't some kind of park left in a few decades.
Hi, everyone!
The Dogfish Head brewery makes some unique, extreme and outstanding beer. Their motto is “Off-centered ales for off-centered people.” The beer I was drinking was an IPA with an innovative bittering technique that the brewers there thought up. Traditionally beers are brewed with two major hop additions - One very early for bitterness and one near the end of the boil for flavor. Their technique adds very small hop additions continuously throughout the boil. This makes for an IPA that is hyper-infused with hop flavor and “slaps your mama” with its bitterness.
The People’s Voice & The People’s Declaration, a labour of love according to human rights lawyer Haris Ibrahim here, were officially launched at Blog House in Bukit Damansara today, 23 February 2008. About 100 guests graced the occasion.
10) We Only Come Out At Night
Confession....this cheesecake serves quite the crowd. We first ate it with our guests the night they came to dinner, I ate a piece with lunch and dinner the next day and then the day following resisted it all day. That night after I got home from the gym, I threw the rest out. I had to, for my hips sake. Swimsuit season is after all...right around the corner.
Before children and even before husband, I always kept a tidy home. Things were put away as soon as I finished with them and I did a once a week clean. I was little on the obsessive side though back in those days so when children came along I found it very hard to 'turn a blind eye' to an untidy house. Now, after 7 years, it's quite easy! This is a poem I tried to live the last 7 years of my life by:
The 36-year-old TV personality and stylist, whose clients include Jay-Z and Mary J Blige, donned a three-quarter sleeved white floral Cynthia Rowley cocktail dress featuring a plunging neckline. The feminine knee length frock was accessorized with gold accessories – studded earrings, cuff bracelet, a python Henri Bendel clutch and metallic Brian Atwood platform pumps.
I responded: “I have no connection with the individual named in the enquiry (Brevik) and I demand the Metropolitan Police cease this libel against me. The fact that I have no connections with him was clear during the interview I recently had with two different Counter Terrorism Officers at the office of my solicitors and the notes my solicitor took will bear that out.”
Yes I am proud of myself! lol Actually I'm really excited because I finally figured out how to make an SVG file and ACTUALLY SHARE it with you! Wahoo!
Summing up, if you want to make a big mark you have to use a more absorbing paper, a pen with a bigger tip and you have to lay it for a longer time. Vice versa, if you want a smaller mark you have to use a less absorbing paper a pen with a thinner tip and lay it for a shorter time.
As you know, if IMMEDIATE context is not enough to decide an interpretational issue, then one must delve into the deeper and wider context concerning the issue. As mentioned, I don’t see how context in the Danielic visions will settle the issue for us as to whether the holy ones rule from heaven or earth, because there is no way to definitely determine whether the use of the word kingdom, within the greater context, is in relation to the actual government or in relation to the domain of that government. What needs to happen, if we are able to do so, is to bring an “absolute” to the table to act as a guidepost for these Danielic visions so we can determine via that absolute how the word kingdom is being used in each context.
It’s Wednesday, the middle of the week, and I can effectively say that I’m really starting to get rundown for the week. I got up this morning and got myself going for the day. I headed into the shower and started to get ready for my day as my wife headed out the door and off to work. I got out of the shower and got dressed and the kids and I watched “The Early Show” on CBS as we ate breakfast and got ready for our day today. There wasn’t much to talk about in the news today since the only thing on people’s minds is the Presidential race and the fact that the Republican front-runner changes from one week to the next. Right now, the surprise seems to be Herman Cain. It shouldn’t be a surprise as I have always viewed Herman Cain as a serious contender. I think it would be interesting to see two African American’s go after the Presidency. The good news about a race like that is that it would take the race card off the table. If we wanted to make it even more interesting, what if both the Republican and Democratic candidates had female Vice Presidents? You know, Michelle Bachman and Hillary Clinton. That would actually keep this race interesting. Anyway, after a while, I was off to work while the kids were off to school.
One day one of the Oracles said: ‘I will become bored with this game
PIPE over cooled cupcakes
Instagram has also allowed me an outlet to advertise my stationery from my etsy shop. Anytime I have a new design, I make sure to post a photo of it to share! It's where the idea to start an etsy business started, so why not give back?
The shoes are not cheaply put together, they are very good quality!!
5-Mia n her boyfriend…its a long relationship…7 years…huhu..
Add in the fact that it was a GOOD day for the show (sponsors and fundraising!), and I’m just tickled with how the process is going. We’re about half way through the rehearsal process and I know that my work load is just going to get heavier in the next month and a half, but with this group? I’m looking forward to it.
What are you reading? I have some of your recent suggestions on my wish list at the library...someone else must have read your comments and scooped them up first! I must be quicker this time.
rejoice in the Lord when it suits you.
Laga'aia, who is of Samoan descent, has backed comments from Underbelly actor Firass Dirani, who accused networks of a "white Australia" policy and that actors on shows such as Packed to the Rafters and Neighbours do not reflect Australian society in 2012. In typically humble style, Natalie responded to the interviewer by hosing down the situation but then gently admitted that she, too, sees a problem with casting and writing choices being made in Australia by people who make decisions at TV stations:
I used the stiff backing from packages of DSP to make the core of the top and bottom. I then covered that piece with DSP on both sides. I think it's very important to use the correct adhesive on this layering. I used the Tombow and it worked beautifully. I was able to get close to the edge and hold is tight. Nothing short of a tornado (or my three year old!) is separating those layers! As a reminder, with Tombow, a little dab'll do you!
3/4 cup mayonnaise (we used Kewpie)
We left the art outside to dry, and it was snack time! The rainbow color scheme was contagious, and most carefully arranged their food by color. It was also a sneaky way to get them to try all the fruits and vegetables.
How comforting it is to know that the God of creation is concerned with my well-being. There is no greater power!
- Crossing things off of my to-do list.
I keep thinking how nice it is when they are small and you could really just hand them a roll of toilet paper as a gift and that would just make their day. Not that S was given toilet paper for his birthday, it was just an example.
ISBN: 978-0985203818
When I first watched that movie, I was struck by Vera Farmiga’s performance after her realization that her husband is running a death camp. How she won’t let him touch her and screams at him that he’s a monster. How she stops caring for herself and becomes listless. I believe that we all feel we are what we love, not what we eat. So what are we if we love a monster? I’ve been living with that question.
I am in that in-between time of fat and fit. I am embracing the ambiguity as much as I can, feeling the dissonance of feeling healthy but looking heavy. In equal parts I hate and love this sensation of being in flux. I hate this time, knowing my new feelings are hidden. And I love this time, feeling silently willful, knowing that I can make the changes happen, regardless of how I’m perceived or not. It’s as though I have a secret engagement--one to myself--an engagement that only I and a few people know about. I’ll reveal this new relationship with myself eventually, I know, and I will celebrate.
because you know that the testing of your faith
On a rainy morning, we left our mountain paradise, ready to find phone signal, check in with the business back home, and then drive all the way down to the coast - to be continued as part 2 of my travel journal!
What this also means is that even affirmative action appointees (in this particular case below, the police) will care less about maintaining the facade of wanting to peacefully co-habit the country with others, mainly the White minority. Most police are honest but there is a core of bad rubbish that no one seems capable (or willing) of removing and I fear that their attitude will become the overriding posture of the police. With this same police being the so-called front line against crime, and crime being our main problem, if their attitude towards law-abiding people is as shown below, what hope is there that we can right this country unless WE say "enough" and take our country back.
Wax paper in a square pan, squished it all down & stuck in the fridge
Quality. :)
This heart was out of practice
Perhaps if BAM had rested on its laurels, it would have produced a history touting its impressive past long ago, but the institution has been too busy creating its equally impressive present.
By Pamela Hickman. Illus by Pat Stephens. 2007. 32p. Kids can read (978-1554530311). Gr 3
It truly is a stand, very small and cozy inside with a counter and only about 20 of these stools around it. There is seating outside on picnic tables, but we choose to go with the nostalgia of it all and sit inside. Apparently, the Root Beer Stand is the place to be and they take the stand part of their name very seriously, as we had to stand and wait for a place to sit for awhile. haha
You are the wind. You carry me.
Take this dining room.
It isn't fifty-fifty.
* Although Haywired is set in a fictional country and is a wonderful historical fantasy Steampunk mash-up, is it still important to get period detail as authentic as possible? Did you do any historical research to help ground your novel? If so, do you enjoy this part of the writing process?
around the house; No burglar bars, no alarms, not even a fence. The
Lord Fuckington let out a belly laugh. “A fine and fitting biblical name I am sure.”
First let me console your readers. John Lynch, did you really buy your color TV because of the joy the New Jersey Nets colors brought you? I find that hard to believe. But I will believe you and am more than happy to take your TV off your hands seeing as how you won’t need it anymore. And don’t you worry David Distefano I’m sure the Nets will have plenty of merchandise to exchange with you for money!
Thursday night all of the girls got together and went out to dinner at Olive Garden to celebrate and I was asked to make cupcakes. Orginally, I made homemade Chocolate chip cupcakes with Diane's cream cheese icing. Unfortunately, the baking powder I used was WAY out of date, so I wound up make a yellow cupcakes out of a box, b/c i didn't have time for anything else. I topped them with pink sanding sugar and green fondant hearts and flowers. I didn't take a picture b/c i left my camera at home. Everyone loved them. They're favorite part was the cream cheese icing! You're right Diane, it's such a hit!
Stamps: Light of the world from Our Daily Bread and Warmest Regards from SU
The guy who helped us was great, he showed us different types of wood I could use, and cut the pieces into the lengths I needed.
I have learned the secret to finishing well. There is a place I can go to sort out my issues and challenges. It is the only place I find solace. The good news is that I not only find solace but it goes a step further. I find solutions to the challenges and situations of life that I find myself in! Remember the post: Leave it at altar!? Read the post again!
This is a fascinating read, partly because Thomas is such a complex character and partly because Hollis tells the story so well. He places the poet within the literary scene of the times with much reference to and discussion of contemporary writers including small parts for Yeats, Eliot and Pound.
In the meantime, I want to thank all of you who have stopped by, read my posts, commented, and become friends. Without all of you, Good Burp would have amounted to one of the millions of failed blogs sitting out there in cyberspace.
My friend Erin just shared a fact with me in regards to Australian standards which I find shocking, our tablespoons are bigger than the rest of the world. Yes according to wikipedia, most tablespoons are 15ml but in Australia out tablespoons are 20ml. Isn't that just crazy, particularly if most of your recipes are outside of Australia! I just ran around and checked and all of mine measure 20ml but I think they are all made overseas. You might want to check though particularly before following US baking recipes.
Next I’d like to thank Karen Walker who bestowed the same award upon me. It’s great to feel appreciated. Karen’s blog, Karen…following the whispers, like her memoir, Following the Whispers, is full of honesty and emotions about her past and her current spiritual journey through life. This is another blog I try to stop by as often as possible, and recommend that you pay her a visit, too.
This is what it looked like after the second day of framework:
Lately it has been slightly easier for me. She has been working mornings so when I have a day off I try not to tell her too far in advance to avoid being offered work options at home. As she is leaving for work I sip my second cup of coffee and review the morning news. My mind is gradually slipping out of gear and into neutral. Work issues fade into the background and personal ideas leap up to take their places in my mind.
The craft show runs from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. The Trolley Square Mall is located at 1175 State Street in New Haven.
Lyena Strelkoff: Lyena’s critically-acclaimed, autobiographical one-woman play, Caterpillar Soup, has been touring throughout the U.S. since 2007. She regularly speaks to university students, health care professionals and civic groups about her disability experience and the transformative power of loss.
After this my emails to my partner became less frequent and more full of my beliefs that our relationship was doomed. My crisis grew worse, but I failed to recognise what was happening. I threw myself into my new job, all I did was work then go to the pub, I was barely eating, barely sleeping, drinking heavier and hoping to see this guy again and explain myself to him. The following week I took my best mate to the pub and slept with a different guy. I was a disgrace.
From this odd start -- built as an advertising ploy -- Lionel Train become the leading name in toy trains and a perennial favorite of the Christmas season. In 1999, the Lionel train was named the 4th greatest toy of the 20th Century, beating all by crayons, yo-yos and Barbie dolls.
We are the people in each other's neighborhoods, and the more we know about each other -- the more visible autistic people and children are -- the more common autism acceptance will be. That is our hope.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Blanch broccoli rabe for 2 minutes. Remove with a spider or slotted spoon and drain in a colander.
Just me.
There is always something new to learn, and no matter what you want to do with this craft: show quilting, bed quilting, art quilting, you can always find challenges to push yourself to the next level.
Here in Australia, Summer is well and truly upon us, so what better time to have a SUMMER CHALLENGE!!! What does Summer mean to you? Do you think of hot days at the beach, swimming in a pool, camping, bold blooms or just generally being outside and playing with the kids? For our friends in the Northern Hemisphere who like to play along, perhaps this is just the challenge you need to escape from the cold and snow that you are experiencing right now?!
A poser with no poise milking the life from your downloads and monthly gigabytes,
Is this why she weighs less than her younger brother, this Karen Carpenter act? You’d think we had put her on Toddlers and Tiaras and told her she was looking too chunky to be competitive….
The Radical Honesty SA submission to the Guinness World Records continues:
Cooking time 1 hour
There are two ways to make the filling. Either you cook the ingredients first before folded or you can also saute the filling then folded into the spring roll sheet.
One included her behavior in the midst of what was surely one of the most terrible “storms” in her personal life as a mother. Her youngest son, (about 18 at the time), died instantly in a tragic car accident just outside of our small Georgia town. My father was a Deacon in our church, and it fell to him to go, along with the Pastor, to tell Miss Eleanor and her husband the tragic news. He came home describing, in awe, that as they broke the terrible news to them, Eleanor instantly fell to the floor in deep heart pain, but immediately jumped back up…and looked up to God, calling upon His Name for His love and peace to cover her family. Her face shone with the presence of God. I know this precious saint suffered greatly as a mother in grief, but I also, know that from the first moment she heard of her grievous situation, she made a crucial decision to immediately “look to Jesus” for His peace that so mightily gives strength to all in the midst of the “storm”. What a witness! I have never forgotten it. I also credit Miss Eleanor and another teacher of the same character and commitment to Jesus, Miss Winnie, for loving me to Jesus and teaching me the truth of His ways as a young teenager by LIVING their faith…not just speaking of it!
Oh, and John "on the ball" McNeill ripped out the nasty, musty smelling carpet on Thursday afternoon. He's so great at jumping on the "to-do" list and getting it done pronto. I'll be sharing some pictures and some of his tips in case you may be planning to rip up your own old carpet anytime soon.
I know now what being in love feels
and walk the rows of the garden while I sip.
in the beautiful Cathedral City of Wells, Somerset, U.K. when
makes four small puddings
Perhaps we are the flowers in this bouquet of life.
However, although the numbers on the face might reveal the opposite, the truth is minority-owned businesses need even more attention in order to ensure their success (a goal of The National Puerto Rican Chamber of Commerce).
ME: A sexy swimsuit. You are ACTUALLY saying that the hospital wants me to make ABSOLUTELY certain that I bring my sexy swimsuit to BIRTH MY CHILD IN. Do I need hooker heels too????
Check out Inspiration Avenue's new Postcard Swap. I've signed up; it certainly sounds like fun. I hope you'll think about it too.
This cute face belongs to a Coati, known to the people of Costa Rica (called Ticos) as the Pizote. Either way they are similar to Northern Raccoons (which they actually also have). This one frequented the hotel in Monteverde where we stayed. The hotel throws their organic garbage into the forest around them and this male has become a recent visitor for the buffet. They are cute, but have very sharp claws and can be very dangerous to a dog or person who bothers them too much. The females of the coati band together and travel as a group, while the males forage for themselves. If the males stay with the females and offspring too long they will end up killing the young in order to send the females back into heat. Ah young love.
Remembering how cute I’d found him, I asked my friend of his status but she didn’t know. I did the next thing I could think of. I stalked him on FB. His relationship status was back to single (yes, yes I stalked him before too) and the pictures of him tagged with the girl he’d been seeing had been removed. So, was he single again?
To those who've had enough
THE MEAL
Water Station at 37km – 11:27am
I have read on several other people’s blogs about how they were unable to achieve proficiency in becoming fluent in Arabic, despite having lived in the country for twelve, fifteen or even twenty years. This was discouraging for me to read since I had high hopes of somewhat mastering Arabic in maybe a year or two…or three! I think now that maybe that was unrealistic on my part. But I will continue to strive and I will not give up.
Basically, the stamp covers the flat surface, leaving the indents free from stamping. I covered my whole card this way and after I was done, I took a Copic Marker (BG0000) and accented some of the "tiles" to make them stand out a bit more. The rest is just matting it all up! I used Ms. Nelly Kaiser Craft paper, a Spellbinders Labels Seven and Blossom Die (cut thanks to my Grand Calibur). FYI: I did cut two shapes with the same Labels Seven die, embossed the white piece and then cut along the embossed edge so that I would have a 1/16" mat with my green shape.I used the little Blossom die cut shape to act as a mat for my circle sentie. Add some fun ribbon, a pinked edge border (SU punch), some stitching and.... ta da!!!
After dinner we have swimming lessons. Logan is in one class and DH, Caden, Colton and I are in another class right next to Logan in the pool.
Two of the biggest names in the sport, Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens, have found themselves sitting in criminal courts facing perjury charges.
-I would protect and preserve __________ at any cost.
A quick check of the sources revealed that it's from the home of pretty much all fabulous lighting - Circa Lighting (remember these? yup, also Circa.) Another design mystery solved! I'm happy because now I know where it's from but sad because it's $1,050. It IS really large though (25" wide.)
This may sound silly, but it occurs to me that this is one more thing in his life that we get to do together: learn to be Army Strong. He as a soldier; me as a soldier's mom.
The Brooklyn Historical Society's public historian Julie Golia will deliver a lecture titled "Farm, Suburb, City, Borough: Brooklyn Transformed" at the 92Y Tribeca Lecture Hall this Thursday, March 8, at noon. Learn how Brooklyn has invented and reinvented itself over the past 400 years and how Brooklyn’s story has shaped the history of New York City and the U.S. Tickets are $18 and can be purchased here.
Source: Personal Copy
Okay, I surrender. Feel free to laugh your wicked laugh, my friend, but I must admit, Robert Downey Jr. is pretty hot… Most of all, I am quite surprised that his ass manage to stick out in every single shot, perfectly shaped and perky at all times, even when he is covered in Iron… Rather amazing…
Don a bathing suit and run through the fountains at Bicentennial Mall.
I am getting a roommate. After a couple of years with no raise at either job, rising costs of, well, everything and a deep desire to stop working the second job at some point in my future is making me get more serious about financial planning. So I have been on a mad cleaning spree to get the house ready for her arrival and a few things have become apparent.
I’m finding that some teas really seem to taste better when slurped. Why? Well, for the same reason that professional tea tasters slurp — to pull some air in with the tea and to be sure the liquid is spread across a wide area of the tongue.
First, cd to your unixstuff directory.
I l.o.v.e. first grade. :) :) :)
“Our ultimate plan has been to create a proper Gastro pub in Cornwall that would also provide the informal, relaxed hangout for families to spend the afternoon much like the pubs we’d known in London,” she explained.
It has all come from Europeans and Japan. The IMF wants additional contributions from the leading emerging economies, which are resisting until they get some further assurance they will get a larger say in running the international lender.
Is day outside…and still i see it as dark…a silent dark night…the path i chose starts from a simple humble room…a room i believed to be my friend…i am afraid i was wrong…this night…my room killed me…i was walking…and staring at the mirror…start singing a song that i always loved…but then it was silence…something bothered me…i don´t know what…i took my jacket and left the room…it was a silent path…i was going in a small forest full of crows… u could say i saw my death…but those birds weren´t hunting for my soul…those birds were after my heart…my passion…and everything i could say that i have as happiness in my heart…i don´t know what it was….but i wanted to jump in that moment…in the moment when i saw the little light in the wonderful biggest mirror i have ever seen…oh yes…it was the lake…the lake that took my fear…my fear…my pain…my soul…i made a pact with this lake…that all this feelings would go away…if i will set myself free from the reality…insane what is reality? what is the dream…what is the story after all…is nothing..is just some foolish little words spread on a sheet of paper…is it? then why do you follow me…why do you seek me like those birds did…they came after me like small walkers that were seeking for me to drawn in the water….i refuse to believe that this was what it killed me…is my isanity…my mind is the one that tries to set me games…games that in the end…i am again the loser….the loser in the night. So i walked away the forest…but how i left is just me who knows…i left like a dull puppet … with the eyes empty…with the soul empty…living among the real people…people that i see as me…however…i don´t feel like before…the walk killed me in that night.”
And a litter of chronicles and bones.
Neither the homosexual nor the direct idea of homosexuality appears anywhere in these passages. Had the writer intended to make a clear point about condemnation of gays, surely the Greek verb for homosexual behaviour would have been utilised rather than these nouns which are directly related to cowardice and idolatry?
With Brussels it is similar; maybe I don´t notice anymore, I´ve been dancing there for so long, the milongas feel like home. There sure are some really good dancers who will hardly ever invite anyone who is not a great dancer and their friend to boot, but you have such people everywhere. But on the whole, I think the local tango scene is no more snobbish or pretentious than any other tango community in the world (let's face it, there will always be a tiny bit of pretentiousness about tango dancers – those people have put in a lot of hard work to become who they are, they won´t have that passed over lightly).
Size: 16,803 acres
This is exactly what happened to Arjuna. Arjuna was angry, upset, sad and wanted to run away. In the Bhagavad Gita, Lord Krishna said not to be a coward. So, it is an antidote to terrorism. Lord Krishna said, “Bravery is the way — face the war when it is inevitable and do your duty.”
1 zauberlehrling
He nodded. I could bear it no longer, and flung myself into him, burying my face in his chest. He hesitated, but then his arms came around me, and I nearly gasped from relief, from knowing he was with me, warm and alive and safe.
My Chicken Curry
And so you plough through enemy after enemy, for the most part in underground corridors. With the odd walker section thrown in for good measure.
Even though I am unable to do every little thing that I want to do, that I plan to do - I still try. I try to give, I try to teach - my children, my family, my friends.
Thanks for sticking through this with me. You are the greatest!
Digi stamp - Mos digital pencil - Easter Bunny
- In Oklahoma, USA, it is still illegal to make faces at a dog, a crime that could result in a prison sentence.
i was playing around with combos with gaga (since i dont like the color on me at all. too much of a loud pastel bubblegum pink) and i happened to mix this gem of a combo. infinitely more pleasing to the eye, or so i think!
When I wrote this blog everything was new and exciting. I was passionate and opinionated. In a lot of ways I was better than I am now.
It's that good.
Well, again I’ve decided this isn’t the end. I really want to do a final wrap-up post and higlight some of the things & photos which really meant a lot for me! Not sure when I will be back, but it will be before Wednesday, when I have to get back to work... Yeah I’ve got 4 more days off of work!!! -hugs-
The only one I checked with any hope of finding something interesting to read (before I went back to sleep) was the one hooked up with my WordPress account. I laid in bed and read Jon’s post about accomplishing a goal and finally running 20 miles. It was positive, upbeat, happy (you could feel his happy) and amazingly (but not surprisingly) it made me want to run!
Phuq**
The issue I am choosing for my PSP is reducing the electrical waste around my house. This will not only help our household in the long run but also contribute to reducing electrical waste and usage for anyone else that may read this and try it for their situation.
After a two-and-a-half hour drive through bending roads and tea-gardens from the nearest plains of Siliguri, an unusual sight could greeted you.
In men, it’s a bit lower – 10-11% for visible abs – and can healthily lower their body fat to about 5% without too much adverse effect (except that it’s bloody hard work!)
They’ve waited in the shadows for centuries…
… As the Day She Was Born
He couldn’t see her again. Ever. He would not. In a world like his, such mundane things could not be afforded. It would do them both grave injustice.
Banaian said, “My idea is that I’ve worked in serveral countries. I’ve given a lot of advice both on fiscal and monetary policies to federal and national governments in the past. I would then take that experience and go down to the legislature and then work with people who probably don’t agree with me.”
In any event, one evening Steve called me at home on my land line. My wise ass 12-year-old daughter picked up the phone and went off in her pre-teen sassy way. "What do you want to speak to my father for."
5) Write another poem in the same style as this one.
I had to make some decisions as to what was hung this year and what didn't make the rotation. My parents have gotten me an ornament every year since I was born and on top of working at a Hallmark for 5 years of my teenage life, it equals a lot of ornaments.
Part of what I've enjoyed about New York this summer has been the idea of venturing to all these spots,all these little enclaves of life, as part of a couple. Life somehow seems more excited and recognized when you can point out to someone else, "oh that, right there! see that?!" All my dates have bruised upper arms from my constant flailing about at the wonders of life, getting excited over the placement of a toothpick, the shine from a packet of butter, or even the way a key is able to open a lock.
Jahanara's most recent project was weaving 4.5 yards of fabric for the Pennsic Gift Exchange. Lady Katherine was kind enough to leave the design completely up to me. I chose to weave a striped fabric. Based on my research a variety of stripes were used during the Middle Ages. In order to choose the colors, I referred to a colour sampler, I had recently woven. The next decision was the weave structure. I have been focusing on twills this year and Lady Genvieve suggested a diamond weave.
South: “Powers of Fire, the Sun’s rays that will fill the Springtime Plantlife. We call you to our circle so that we may celebrate you showing yourself once more, being the power of the heat that will melt all of the snow, being the candle flame that will light up the nights of Spring. We call you mighty Fire. Hail and Welcome!”
SCC: Thank you, Inbali. Indeed, who could fail to be charmed by the lovely B for Bastet? Definitely a shining star of the feline pantheon.
For me, I did really like it because I’m a big fan of the other movies and the dynamics are pretty much the same. However, I’m over the whole gross-out comedy thing because it has now been overdone. I didn’t mind American Reunion doing it because it stays true to what the franchise was but I definitely didn’t enjoy those moments as much as I used to. I don’t really laugh at them anymore- I just think it’s disgusting.
Politics does seems to pander to the worst in us, and we therefore get what we deserve - or what we vote for.
try hard to take my bits of mess with me
Ram - S’no angel Weizenbock, Indianapolis
Lisa Umina founded Halo Publishing, which helps up and coming authors get their books published. She explains how Halo Publishing was born, and offers words of encouragement to aspiring authors. www.halopublishing.com/
Eyes: Blue
The top photo is the pattern for Little Guy Ties, which includes an adult-sized version of the pattern. I do not have fabric for it just yet, as I didn't know when I'd be workinig on them and ties tend to be sort of seasonal in fabric choice. I'm leaning towards the Thing One and Thing Two fabric from the Dr. Seuss fabric line that's out right now...I'm planning to make both a tie for Michael and Monkeyboy and think that it would be so stinking cute. Also, Michael is starting to acquire a healthy collection of Dr. Seuss ties and this would fit into it nicely.
You loved him or you hated him. For most readers, it was clearly the latter. His strange books, with cut-out newspaper clippings, classically turned verses, scribbled notebook entries all jostling for position on the page, were calculated to excite or offend.
and what he was doing in Cuba.
Onions (Potato onions, Shallots, Japanese bunching onions, Welsh onions)
Doctors spoke with Hamburg Zoo and lined him up for a scan under the apparatus used for elephants, rhinos and hippos.
Chocolates from lovely G
Stand Up And Fight
It sounded to me like if she had to say it one more time, I could expect that deep, layered demon voice you hear in the movies. So I stood up to get a really good lean on it.
Sometimes this tolerance is marvelous, as it allows for a limitless existence. It means that I can leave the States, live in multiple countries, make all manner of unusual and interesting life choices, and generally be as strange as I want, and others won’t say or do anything. They believe they have a duty to support me in my individualism – even though privately, they may whisper that I’m making awful mistakes.
Collbohm and his colleagues recruited a truly glittering array of intellectuals for RAND, even if skewed toward mathematical economists rather than people with historical knowledge or extensive experience in other countries. Among the notables who worked for the think tank were the economists and mathematicians Kenneth Arrow, a pioneer of game theory; John Forbes Nash, Jr., later the subject of the Hollywood film A Beautiful Mind (2001); Herbert Simon, an authority on bureaucratic organization; Paul Samuelson, author of Foundations of Economic Analysis (1947); and Edmund Phelps, a specialist on economic growth. Each one became a Nobel Laureate in economics.
I know that there are many people who refuse to believe that the resurrection of Christ really occurred. Others refuse to believe that Jesus was who He said He was, which is God incarnate. Still others refuse to believe that a person named Jesus of Nazareth ever even existed and that He is but a myth.
BM: It could be, but I can’t imagine why anyone would make these movies R—they’re mad and totally crazy.
Heine goes on to say, "Actual slavery, which had been abolished in most of the North American states, does not revolt me as much as the brutality with which the free blacks and the mulattoes are treated," which he goes on to describe
So get rid of the libraries. Great plan.
~ Become a fan of Little Nipper Books on Facebook (1 entry)
I take my Mama on walks several times a day. First thing in the morning and late at night are regular strolling times. Give me a friendly holler if you see me, but don't get to close to my Mama. Or I will go from cute city dog to ruthless guard dog in less time than it takes to say "bite me."
We are weak but He is strong.....
When I hear stories about incidents like this, I’m reminded how small I am; how small we all are. What’s amazing is that we are miniscule, yet the effect we have on the others around us can be as harmless as a fluffy cloud passing through the sky or as devastating as a colossal earthquake.
The magnitude of investor underperformance due to poor timing largely offsets the risk-adjusted alpha gains offered by good-performing funds.
Show me new ways to look at this problem, Lord. And in the process, show me new ways to love you.
Also, many people in the 'good old days' worked till they dropped not by choice, but out of grim necessity. In the early 1900s there was no social security. And most 'conservatives' would say that this was a good thing, a praiseworthy thing; rugged individualism, self-reliance, no old-age ''welfare deadbeats'' being coddled.
Whatever the reason, this is a horrible film. However, it sets out to be a horrible film, so Jackson succeeded in doing exactly what he set out to do. That explains my high rating for the film, but it is also the reason why I can't recommend that any one watch it.
Doctor Who returns to BBC1 later in 2012.
She is starting to look so different now than she did before. I always wonder what you would look like now at nearly 2 years old, a big boy, talking and walking and being your brother's best buddy. Finn misses you so much it breaks me. Whenever he sees a raven in the yard he says "look Mom, a Henry bird!"
Too light to stir the acorns that suddenly
Arizona vs. Atlanta
Trust God to provide for you as He has promised. By seeking first His kingdom you eliminate the need to worry. The only place you will find security, peace, love and joy in this world is when you are seeking FIRST God’s Kingdom!
I'm broke so I can't even buy herion. So I may as well stay clean. If I do relapse it will be to die.
I'm not ruling out an epidural, but would want to try without (because
something exciting to look forward to when I get back
Farmer’s Neighbor #1: (yelling) NEVER! I’ll never buy genetically mutated produce!
When I got home after the run, my workout wasn’t over. I still had my burpees to do. It’s Day 2, which means 16 burpees, and the lesson I learned today is that burpees after 45 minutes of running is exhausting! I’m doing them first next time. Definitely.
Donruss corrected their oversight from the 1981 set and included a Harold Baines card. What makes this set unique is the inclusion of a few coach cards. The White Sox have one coach card in this set; Vada Pinson.
"Boating! Silly boyish amusement. I've given that up long ago."
First, while in Eyes Like Leaves, Charles de Lint makes effective use of Irish landscape and history and mythology, such as druids and shape-shifters, these are all story elements that are quite familiar to fantasy readers. Likewise, the evil lord seeking to bring an endless winter is a well-worn fantasy trope. It is to de Lint's credit that he combines these elements skillfully enough that the story never feels tired or derivative.
I am still in love with our wedding guest book. A sweet friend (and neighbor) took our engagement pictures, Erin Cobb. She is actually a children's photographer which I believe helped capture the playful, fun loving side of my and Jesse's relationship. These pictures were made into a coffee table book and guests left us the sweetest messages throughout the book.
¼ tsp cinnamon, ground
By: Kiki Keane and Rachel Womek
As my friend is a new Christian, I can understand her fear. The problem is, she fears the wrong thing. The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom, the Bible says. The fear of the Lord is what drives the Christian to understand his will. As my friend learns to fear God and obey his direction, she will find that she will also trust him more; as she proves him, she will find that the result of submitting to God's will is better than any of her own plans could have turned out. Truly, it is the goodness of God that leads us to repentance (Romans 2:4)! He is so gracious and kind.
Pretty lights and lack of patience:
So, as I read the article on the Virginia Tech case, I couldn’t help thinking how frustrating it is that we as a society still struggle to acknowledge the dangerous and serious nature of domestic violence. Even to the extent that a gunman on a college campus can be downplayed because it is probably “just a domestic incident.”
“This diversity provides a delightful snapshot of life in multicultural Britain. “The world today is such a small place which makes us lucky to have so many people from different backgrounds in the UK. Multicultural Britain is now here to stay so it’s great that we’re now finally learning to live alongside each other.”
However, I did receive some goodies in the mail.
Truly, even the word “cuddle” makes me nauseous.
You pick where your church should stand – Mars Hill or Jerusalem. I would, of course, argue for Mars Hill. But whatever you do, there’s one place you don’t want to find yourself.
I will say that I have gotten better at it, for years I denied myself anything that would be considered frivolous, well almost anything, I always purchased books…but other things I felt as though it were wrong to do, even when I could afford it, didn’t buy clothes for myself without buying something for the kids or my man, made me feel virtuous and less selfish…never had a manicure or pedicure until a few years ago, seemed a waste of good money, though I wanted to, and guess what could afford it, just didn’t do it, would gift other folks extravagantly and be miserly with me…ummph ummph ummph!
After dinner we played a bit and then went to the boardwalk (it's not that far from us).
"He could take a bite out of you bigger than a T-bone steak and the very next day he would put his arms around you like a long-lost brother." -- Hubert Humphrey
If you need or want to buy multiples of any of these items, and FREE is not an option, a good rule of thumb is to only stock up once they reach $0.50 or less.
This can be even worse for actors themselves. I have seen some so infected by the character they were playing that they became different people because of it. It becomes impossible to shake off.
Last Saturday me and a few friends had to make the trek down to Brixton Jamm in order to see the UK hip hop label High Focus celebrate their 2nd birthday in true style. High Focus are a consortium taking the UK hip hop scene further in the direction it was originally headed in more than a decade ago now when the likes of Jehst set up YNR. I was half-surprised not to see Jehst himself in the line-up given the amount of massive names it did carry. In fact, the Brixton Jamm venue is a place I’ve heard a lot about before now as a matter of their prolific history of live music events. The live Jamm version of Jehst’s classic ‘Weed’ can be found on YouTube. Supported by the likes of Micall Parknsun and Jyager, folks we had the pleasure to see on Saturday, backed by the luscious live hip hop band the Illersapiens; as a live experience it would have undeniably been ten times better than the studio production we all know and love.
Will the Geek inherit the Earth?
Hesiod claimed that poets were in the service of goddess Mnemosyne, or Memory. Once we set aside the religious framing of this idea, we can see it is an accurate description of the social function of poets in ancient society. The Greek word for truth, a-lētheia, literally means non-forgetting. The role of poets and oracles in Greek society was to perpetuate the non-forgetting of deep-rooted cultural experiences through their poetic verse.
How do you make chicken stock or bone broth? What tips do you have to pass along?
Next weekend (April 27 - 29) I am teaching a three day (well, two and a half) workshop in Winters, California. It's a plein air workshop, entitled Painting the (Small) Town.
Hagan, J. (1966) Modern History and its themes. Croydon, Victoria, Australia: Longmans.
You can usually find it at specialty tea shops like Teavanna or Japanese grocery stores. You can even purchase it on Amazon. It's super expensive, but totally worth it! You don't use a lot of it at a time, so a little goes a long way.
Yes what she did hurt me, but haven’t I hurt people before? Haven’t I too gossiped, assumed, had a hard heart? Haven’t I too lied, spoken false things, torn others down instead of building them up?
I prefer commuting to the place to avoid the EDSA traffic and wasting gasoline sitting in, again, heavy traffic (but Mario prefers taking the car). If you commute, take the MRT and get off at Cubao station. Go down at the south bound lane of EDSA (not the side where gateway or Farmer’s plaza is). Take an orange tricycle and say “Chocolate Lover” and they’ll know where that is and take you there. Same way going home, ride an orange tricycle back to the MRT (and they conveniently have a terminal right in front of Chocolate Lover).
JO: Gloria, thank you for giving me this unprecedented opportunity.
Your Score: 0
When you go to sell a home, it is important that you remember that your buyers do not want rusty faucets and leaky pipes. Be sure that your plumbing is in top condition so your buyers will not walk away because of plumbing problems.
Damien by Jacquelyn Frank
So, I will make every attempt to narrate what we cover in class from May 4-22 in order to share what the class is about (for those of you who wanted to take it but couldn't).
To my horror, unfortunately, I found that I did not have ANY orange eyeshadows in my collection. because realised that I had tossed out an ancient dior palette that had a couple of oranges in it during a recent makeup clean-out. Booo!
There are six of them facing initiation. Standing blindfolded in their boxer shorts. They have no idea how many others can see them, are watching them, or what the evening will bring but they're excited, nervous and thanks to new legislation and the constant berating of the Vice Chancellor, they're expecting little more than a night in a coffin, a faux paddling or being forced to drink some disgusting unction. It's titillating. He can smell the sweet stench of acceptance.
Since the late 19th-century invention of cheap reprographic printing processes, artists have grappled with the dilemma of making their works relevant to a public already inundated with sophisticated, mostly photographic, mass-media imagery.
Xu Guan’s eyes widened. Recent memories swarmed his brain like a gaggle of geese descending on a loaf of bread. The nurse. The gunshots. The dresser. The blood! Xu Guan made the connection. The slipping gears of his mind engaged as he looked wildly around the room.
the painter died in turn
God’s Good Will
I didn’t even have the time
Complain First Always get your complaint in first, even if it is you who started it and you who were in the wrong. If things have gone awry and you suspect the cops are going to be called, get your retaliation in first. Ring the cops right away and allege for all you are worth. If you can work a racist or homophobic slant into it so much the better.
Fitzpatrick told the newspaper how it will go down:
And then there’s Denise.
How does OTFT help these women support themselves?
I've used white linen thread using a chain stitch to bind the pages to the covers.
The trick is pushing yourself. If you aren’t pushing you wont adapt (remember when we talked about that above?), and if you’re not adapting then you aren’t hitting your goals.
...and let him know what you think.
That decision was made in September 2010 and for six months Anna Majavu received no press statements from the DA. The seven other Sowetan journalists did, as did the paper's general news desk. Anna Majavu was not prevented from attending DA press conferences nor were her questions unanswered. Her queries were facilitated and her requests for comment were accommodated. But the DA's protest remained in place and she received no statements.
Dr. Angrist
On the shelf
Jae Hyuk stops the elevator doors from closing at the last moment and gets in, asking Ga Young to follow. He asks what Young Gul is doing here and Young Gul pointedly makes a remark about them being together but Ga Young turns to him, telling him it’s not what he thinks. He ignores her and walks out. In the car on the way to work, he lets out his true feelings and looks agonized over seeing the two together. Jae Hyuk and Ga Young also brood similarly and Jae Hyuk especially recalls the way Ga Young spoke up. Anna walks in his office.
The same ITU document gives a value for the noise factor of a "quiet rural" location as 62dB.
Dead Six by Larry Correia and Mike Kupari (excellent)
I want a blue plaque erected in my honour and attached to the wall of a house I’ve lived in or a pub I’ve drunk in or an alleyway I’ve relieved myself in somewhere in my home town.
it has slipped away
Yair Lapid: Loser
The chairmanship rotates among advertisers, agencies and the media specialists. The current chairman is Chan Sheow-Vern of Unilever.
When I texted him saying ‘That’s too bad. Was looking forward to it’ his reply was ‘It would have been a great idea if things weren’t getting so complicated. Another time.’
Two wonderfully gorgeous pieces of work from our GD's thank you to you both for joining us for this challenge. Please take a moment to visit these two talented ladies blogs and don't forget to let them know you stopped by.
Outside the Entrance of The Yokade Labyrinth, Agatha’s Party mount their horses.
salt and sand in that bed
Z Seawitch
8. The Food - fresh, whole, and inexpensive. Tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, yogurt & salad with almost every meal (including breakfast). Lentils ,eggplant, cheeses, fresh local meats, eggs also rampant.
The ecstatic mystic poet Hafiz proclaimed, “All a sane man can ever think about is giving love.” One evening I received a phone call from my friend Cliff, a Jewish guy from Brooklyn who discovered A Course in Miracles and became a world-class love exuder. Cliff just went around finding good and beauty in everyone he met. On the phone, Cliff told me, “I just called to tell you how much I love and appreciate you.”
I’m black. My skin is what I have self-described as "caramel," my eyes are green, and my hair is curly (although these past few years I‘ve been straightening my curls, adding to people's puzzlement). Yet I have been asked countless times by white people, “What are you?”
LL asked if I cared that it proclaimed "Dope!" proudly on the wall. It took me a few seconds before I realized they meant drugs, and not the slang word for "cool." I'm pretty sure I dated myself with that comment.
Wealth is not automatically evil. Far from it, but a couple of rotten onions makes the whole bag stink. The persistent smell constantly reminds us that there are some among the mega-rich who have no interest in the welfare of the country.
In the first place we wanted to get him involved with our live shows, because we had the intention of doing something that absolutely did not look like a rock concert. Because these days all the shows of every artist look exactly the same, with a lot of lightening, fireworks and drama. We tried out a couple of things together, but pretty quickly it transpired that we weren't on the same frequency. but I found it nevertheless very exiting to get to know Eliasson. Except that the food he had in his studio was real shit. Pasta and stuff like that (laughs). That was an extra argument to discontinue the collaboration with him.
And a big ‘Hallelujah!’ to that, I say.
Quoted directly, the source added:
I cry as I try to imagine what it must feel like to hear your own mother say those words to you. I pray that he understands I don't mean it. I don't give up.
812112 Beauty salons
This graphic proposes, “Spraying aluminum powder and barium oxide into high levels of the atmosphere, again delivered by aircraft, to increase planetary reflectance (albedo) and cloud cover.” High levels of barium have been found in substances associated with chemtrails.
Harmlessly simple, isn’t it? Yet I suspect that my responses would be received by some as those of a religious fanatic. Here’s the thing: If I say I am a Christian but I don’t announce a firm faith, then my beliefs are merely preferential, which would completely obliterate my so-called faith. That’s not fanatical.* It’s passionate, but sensible. And because of my unalterable beliefs, I can disagree with other faiths without condemning their followers. I leave fanaticism for the hating.
The Myrmidons are no bottle-ale houses.
According to reported court documents, she was raped, robbed, strangled and was the victim of a hate crime.
1. Big 12: 2.3
You think breaking up is hard? Try staying instead.
This is a very typical scene right now. Westin is always wanting to hold her or sit beside her. As soon as I put her down beside him he says, "Camera. Picture." He wants me to take a picture and he just thinks it is the funniest thing. Of course I think it is the sweetest thing. :)
But I also wonder if the reason there are so many ‘tryers’ is that the arts they are trying have in some way failed to connect with them. I wonder if the 90% are just not in a position where these arts matter to them. In other words, while we can give them better incentives to move up the pyramid, does this really address why they so frequently lose interest?
The European Union, in its current capitalist form, is a logical step for business leaders who desire greater commercial power on a global basis: It creates a “free trade” zone without social accountability while giving muscle to a currency that has the potential of challenging the U.S. dollar as the world’s pre-eminent currency. The weakness of the supranational form is that it collides head-on with nationalism, which acts as a disorganizing force within the E.U., whereas in countries like the U.S. and China nationalism is a potent unifying force.
Well, much has happened since then. My confidence in the leaders of my country, and my determination to continue believing that everything is going to be just fine, keeps bouncing up and down like a pingpong ball.
If you have a food processor use that to shred the cabbage and grate the carrot. It then makes this 5 minute coleslaw as well
The EDL – all 7 of them – later went off to Churchill Square where they began to intimidate and threaten members of Palestine Solidarity Campaign who were commemorating the latest victims of Israel’s war crimes in Gaza. But to their surprise, shoppers, teens and hundreds of ordinary people turned on them. Two EDL members were arrested during the events. The ‘threat’ that the Police used as a convenient excuse amounted to 7, mainly juvenile supporters of the EDL. Hundreds of people let them know what they thought of them and the EDL retreated behind police lines shouting and swearing obscenities. This was an extremely important example of how people are not prepared to submit to the bullies and racists of the EDL and we hope that in future the Friends Meeting House take note.
The base is a French yoghurt cake which is so easy to put together, even an amateur baker can do it. Trust me when I say that because this was the first cake I learnt to bake on my own. It has never failed me and no matter how hard you try to goof up, the end result will always be good. The cake is also my base for any fancy cakes, and adapts to almost any flavour, fruit, topping and frosting. I particularly like the upside down cake combo because the caramel kinda bubbles up when it is baking in the oven, causing an overall caramelised effect and the cake becomes more like a sponge pudding which you can never say no to.
“If you see this man on a rolling news network or hear him offering an opinion on a news station please do not approach him, and try to turn off his heartwarming anecdotes about the Monkees, early appearances in Coronation Street, or Mr Jones’ time as a jockey. Mr Gambaccini’s track record on these matters is highly suspicious. We should deny him the oxygen of publicity pending completion of our investigations.”
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness. That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.
Delivering speech in 1994 before ANC took over; our very own Nelson Mandela said "If the people of South Africa elect us to office, we firmly undertake that an ANC government will strive for an open society in which vigorous debate is encouraged through a free press and other media"
15. Same Time Next Year (Alan Alda, Ellen Burstyn) – I can’t believe I forgot this one, I love it! “The Last Time I Felt Like This” makes me swoon.
Ahh, it is good to be home. A little quiet though because Jared doesn't get home till tomorrow and Emma decided she wanted to stay at Gramma and Boppa's till tomorrow morning.
*Why is Betty suddenly not fat? And why was it not addressed?
precise a VBAC in hospital accompanied by a midwife and in the final
Color My Name takes simple coloring pages and jazzes them up with your child’s name. You begin by typing in the name and the app creates twenty-one coloring pages that include your child’s name in letters that can also be colored. Pictures can be shared via email or printed out. Printing out a coloring page before it’s been colored gives you a black and white coloring page for your child.
It was late afternoon before I headed out of town for the long ride back to Providence. A small sign pointing to her grave site meant another detour. Again, I was the only person walking among the graves. But I found her stone, in a little gated square of grass among other members of her family.
But then, the far right, who sees fear, might be the vulnerable. They would see change or a perceived change as a threat. Then their goal would be to dominate through legislation political dissent, religious differences or even interpretations, equality, social and health issues and of course economic issues. The candidates of 2012, are playing to this conservative base hoping that the results will lead to an election.
The standard joke around our neighborhood is that I'm a rainmaker. Seriously. If I wash one of our vehicles on an otherwise bright and sunny day, a freak storm will blow in before I've turned off the hose and drench the entire area code until nightfall.
*if chopping ahead of time, separate the veggies with a paper towel and store in an airtight container in the fridge. Don’t let the chopped veggies sit for more than a day
Revealing to me today . . .
that I will henceforth support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the
As though I couldn't tell from his appearance alone lol. "I'm from Hong Kong!" Congratulations. I explained my bf was from China and so that's why.
1 C broccoli florets
Sometimes I’m so frustrated that I wish I could transfer my pain onto them for just a few minutes, so that they can feel exactly what I feel all day, every day. How well would they deal with the constant tired, aching, weak muscles, bouts of exhaustion, muscle twitching, recurrent sore throat and illnesses that take weeks to recover from, joint pains, insomnia, dizziness and brain fog?
Coach Pat Flaherty has been here for seven years now and is regarded as one of the best in the business just like the Giants Offensive Line is considered one of the best in the business.
It’s every writer’s dream isn’t it? The offer from the agent…the publishing deal…foreign sales…rave reviews…bestseller lists…film rights…the Carnegie medal…outselling JK Rowling…
When you're not the only one?
Uses the collective’s desire for stability and balance
A teddy bear. And not just any teddy, a freaking massive one. Sadly this isn't mine but I plan to sort of give Matt a subtle nudge nudge wink wink that I'd love him forever if I got that for Valentines Day.. Unless someone else would ship it to me :P
In Psalm 55, I read a lot of the same kind of trusting gratitude of David, but even amid great despair. It reminds me that, just because God is good and works for our good, we will not be free of hardship. As I look back over the psalm, I see what looks like a familiar pattern. David was not freed from his emotions any more than any of us are. He just experienced them, acknowledged them before God, prayerfully released them to God, trusted in God for remedy, sacrificed his will to God, and thanked God for His omnipotence. Abridged, that might look like: pause, pray, proceed.
But putting a chokehold on government spending at a time when economies are just sputtering back to life — as the austerity fetishists have tried to do in Europe, and as Republicans solemnly pledge to do in the United States — is monumentally self-defeating. Governments end up magnifying the constituent parts of the economic crisis, not minimizing them.
Speaking at the National Flood Forum conference, he added:
This is a pain when the ticky thing has attached itself capriciously to about half of a 10-CD set with nearly 200 tracks of tango music. Why would someone think that was a good idea? Maybe, like me, they just didn't know.
He was all but settled. The filly with the large nose and larger tits who was sat with at a table with two men and had a laugh that could cut glass. The one at the bar who, although not in the slightest bit pretty, had a mouth that was surely more than capable. If he had to pick from this litter of runts he would require at least two.
Hubby has the weirdest obsession with plate sets and dishes. When we were registering, after we got engaged, Hubby literally had to drag me kicking and screaming to register for things. I just didn’t care. I don’t know why. I really couldn’t care less what our dishes looked like or how many place settings we had. But, Hubby cared. Boy, did he care. So, it was a big DEAL a few days ago when he accidentally broke one of our everyday plates from our set.
We scarfed our entrees down and I completely forgot to take pictures. Meat is meat, right?
DRESS: Wear comfortable shoes and clothing.
“Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods.”
Imagine having to stand up in front of a ship full of sea sick men, and admitting.. "yes, the storm that we are currently caught in?? All. My. Fault. Sorry bout' that. Not sure why I thought I could run from the Creator of the UNIVERSE."
For me, I sympathize more with Javert now than I did before. It is so, so sad how he just cannot accept grace. Also, I found myself crying early on--during the scene when the bishop gives Valjean the candlesticks. This is also a sentimental scene for me because it reminds me of a wedding gift we received from some wonderful friends. Tanna and I first saw Les Mis together in Knoxville. It was 2001, I believe. We weren't even dating--we were friends for years before we started dating. Anyway, he drove up from Georgia with Sharik and Susan (they all had seen Les Mis before, and I hadn't). We all went out to eat and then to the show. Fast forward a few years, and Sharik and Susan got us these beautiful Tiffany candlesticks as a wedding gift. They added a thoughtful Les Mis reference, but I can't remember it exactly off the top of my head. It was such a meaningful gift!
I am going to stand. Right here. Having done all that I can do, having exerted all the control and position that I have in this world. I am going to stand. Here. Right now.
WOW!!! What a fabby turn out for last weeks Spots and Stripes challenge!!!! Lots of gorgeous creations for us to pop by and admire :-)
To my fellow Quebecers: On May 2nd, you made an historic decision. You decided that the way to replace Canada’s Conservative federal government with something better was by working together in partnership with progressive-minded Canadians across the country. You made the right decision then; it is still the right decision today; and it will be the right decision right through to the next election, when we will succeed, together. You have elected a superb team of New Democrats to Parliament. They are going to be doing remarkable things in the years to come to make this country better for us all.
Tt Talus (scree/rock, not the bone)
THANKS FOR THE TITLES. Enjoy.
Oktoberfest style beers are my favorite. They represent everything I love about beer. It's so special, they only serve it during the greatest festival in the entire world, Oktoberfest. Every fall, American breweries help celebrate the great festival by rolling out their version of an Oktoberfest Marzen. Most are enjoyable, but one stands above the rest, Flying Dog Dogtoberfest.
So remember, whether you’re witnessing on the street to someone, or preaching to thousands, your words don’t change any lives – only God’s do. Just do the best at what you do and remember that it’s the Gospel that is the power of God to save (Romans 1:16), not the Gospel preacher!
I am a country boy, bought up the back of nowhere in New Zealand. You will know this if you have read the life story bit of my blog, I shall assume you haven’t though and this post is about my take on country pursuits. It may be a little polarising as I have a very eclectic range of friends and acquaintances. Also some people come here who don’t know me at all and for some reason choose to read what I write. I apologise in advance if you discover I have views different to your own and you find mine objectionable. When I say I apologise, that’s not really what I mean.
Chinese Lantern Gigantea - Similar to ground cherries and tomatillos, this plant produces a husked fruit that can only be eaten when fully ripe. The husks are bright orange, which I think will be a gorgeous addition to the foliage on the farm. I've had great luck with ground cherries in the greenhouse and am not sure how these will fair in our cool summer.
My UK publisher, HarperCollins UK, has done such an amazing job. I was able to meet my editor, Sarah Ritherdon and my publicist, Liz Dawson, for lunch when I visited London last summer, and they were both so kind and gracious and fun that when we hugged good-bye, I felt like I'd known them for years instead of hours.
When the Goldstone Report was published, I immediately said that we had nothing to fear from the point of view of implementing international law – because we are more moderate than the rest of the world, and if those were the standards, we would not be able to do anything to protect ourselves, but neither would the US or NATO or anyone else in Iraq or Afghanistan. And therefore the US and NATO could not allow that report to have a practical impact. Now that Goldstone’s written his article, shifting a little, that’s even more the case.
SWSL Green Man Festival Diary 2010
I know that someday, sooner rather than later, this will change. I know that they will choose their own rooms, their own beds, and eventually some different sleeping partners. Ginger and I will share a bed just by ourselves, and our lives will change yet again. But I know that, when those days do come, our boys will be better for the comfort, security, and respect that we have shown them by taking care of their needs as infants and then supporting their wishes as children.
The rulers are paralysed by fear of immigrants but tell themselves it is virtue - tolerance, absence of prejudice, we are all coming together in the brotherhood of man! They pretend the immigrants are assimilating. It’s as if during the journey they shed their ways like shedding a skin and arrived here wanting to become British!
Of what worth is a silent witness? It is serious thing in the courts of law. How much more is it in the Christian community? The reason you and I are saved is that someone witnessed for Christ. Now, one of the reasons for your salvation is to be an ambassador for Christ. An ambassador is vocal concerning his citizenship.
Join me on Saturday 18th February for a morning full of Stampin' fun to celebrate Stampin’ Up’s Biggest Promotion Of The Year ☺
Became the shelter for Indra and the gods, while I killed their enemy.
In the doubles setting, Moorestown’s Kelsey Ham and Ally Curtis defeated Kingsway’s Michelle Duerstock and Kelly Davis, 6-1, 6-0. To seal the championship, Lauren Culbertson and Dana Sleeper defeated Julie Guy and Larisa Wargo, 6-1, 6-0.
The 7 yr old teacher was gone, but actually got her own sub. Miracles never cease - ROFL! I love it when a plan comes together!
Class 99 notes that, while this news item has been reported widely in the UK press, none of the reports carries any illustration of Next's products or Tesco's alleged infringing goods. A brief internet image search of both Next's and Tesco's sites proved equally unsuccessful. Can any readers help?
Anyway, project dining room – cupboards and bookshelves emptied – temporarily housed in sitting room.
The best word to describe this story is glossy. Its definitely on the better end of the Davison era, but I can't help thinking that it is more about style than substance, that common failing of the JNT era.
Kim Bailey
A mournful train of sentenced souls
for Kerry
Best Short Story: “Bridesicle”, Will McIntosh (Asimov’s 1/09)
“We come together here in Copenhagen because climate change poses a grave and growing danger to our people. You would not be here unless you—like me—were convinced that this danger is real. This is not fiction, this is science," said Obama.
I raided our craft box for ribbons, butterflies, felt and pink shredded paper (from last Easter!) and bought a few things (feathers, baby chickens and pompoms) at the $2 shop. After a little thought, I also bought a $2.80 straw hat as a base, because I couldn't face actually making the hat part. Is that cheating?!
if I hardly breathe,
And in case our $35k place settings need a little sprucing up, we can set out these gold and crystal turtle salt and pepper shakers. The glare in the picture is compliments of Swarovski. . . . Oops! No money left for food. *makes turtle soup*
I suppose Moments With Mel is going to be a blog about well, moments of my life. What better way than to document what is going on in my life than to keep a blog. Its like my own public diary where I care share things I love and what’s going on in my life right now. Sounds like fun!
Omega-3 fatty acids help reduce overall inflammation and help lessen constriction of capillaries in the head, a primary cause of migraine headaches. Eat fatty fish, olive oil, avocados, and flax seeds.
Cayman Islands are British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean consisting of three main islands, Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman. Each of the islands has unique attractions in addition to the beaches and the blue waters of the Caribbean Sea common to all.
Enjoy this long weekend... and make good choices for yourselves... and feel good about those choices after all the fireworks are lit... You'll be sooo glad you did...
So I sit here, trying to read the current Hulk books, trying to give it a fair chance. But I read about General Ross and Betty Ross being the Red Hulk and the Red She-Hulk respectively and I think, what idiot thought this shit was a good idea? Hulk is simplicity in itself. Bruce Banner gets pissed off, becomes Hulk, Hulk smashes whatever pissed Banner off. Next story.
Dear New Neighbors from Hell,
So what about you? Do you dream of having a house in a warmer climate during the winter, if so where? Do you already have one? What about people in other countries, Do people have winter homes/summer homes? What are the "hot spots"?
Remove chicken breasts from pan and pour sauce into a blender or food processor with remaining tablespoon of butter. Pour sauce over chicken and serve.
This morning we woke up, checked out of the hotel and headed over to IHOP for breakfast. During breakfast, McGeorge tried to rally my table to have a paper airplane-flying contest with him and our waitress tried everything in her power to get Elefante to feel bashful of his order: a smiley face pancake with Gogurt. Her attempt was to no avail.
Genres : Drama, Music
Orla Fay and Evan Costigan of Boyne Writers are also included and many other well known Irish writers are among the just under a hundred writers and artists included. International writers included New Zealand poet Ross Hattaway, New York based Oklahoma poet Quincy Lehr and San Franciscan Lora Lee Templeton.
As you wash your body lovingly add a mantra - When i wash my arms I say "may i embrace life with love and kindness" - Treat yourself to some delicious oils, check out gyspy blue apothecary - Massage your body, thanking and blessing each body part (this can be done within 5 minute to a full on 20 minutes depending on how much time you have..)
On a more serious note, one of our team members had trouble passing through security. Mike has a battery powered breathing machine that security would not allow him to take on the plane. While Ivanildo went to intervene, I felt prompted to pray for the situation. Ivanildo told security that Mike was disabled and he needed the apparatus while he was traveling. Security finally allowed Mike to carry his battery. Praise You Jesus!!!
7 having
So naturally, Sudhanshu had to be out. And it was difficult making him realize that. So I came up with a plan!
Welcome to the Imaginisce monthly challenge! We have a fabulous color challenge for you. Just look at this great winter color combo. I created an everyday layout about the daughter. She loves taking pics of herself with her Ipod Touch. I printed a few to create this layout. I used Imaginisce "Happy Harvest" patterned paper, stamps, and iron-on motif flourish.
During the excavation of raw materials for making cement, they discovered a hillside that 70 million years ago was the floor of a swamp. The fossilised footprints of dinosaurs left in the mud became the hillside through geological action. It’s just a few kilometres from the city toward the airport.
The second element that explains the growing Latin presence in Great Britain is marriage. This is one of the least mentioned factors, probably because it contrasts with the usual image of Latins as Third World poor people, victims of corrupt governments or ruthless dictatorships. Yet, the truth is that there are many loving, long-lasting partnerships between Latins and Brits, or other nationalities who have settled in the UK.
I got a really great email from a friend today and she said this:
I cant even think straight today because S and I are getting on a plane TOMORROW
Perhaps that’s the longest blog title ever. Perhaps not. I’ll be on the look-out.
Whilst compiling my recent post regarding the new breweries that have commenced operations in West Kent during the past two years I was struck by the thought can they all survive? They all seem to be reporting a steady growth in sales, which is obviously good news, but with beer sales declining generally, and falling off quite dramatically in the pub trade, are they all chasing a declining market? Where are these extra sales coming from? If beer sales in the on-trade are declining as much as we are led to believe, this sales growth can only be coming at someone else's expense! The question is who's?
And all the world is in it's prime.
Thanks but no thanks.
“Get him!” rasped the blond man as he backed away.
Chuck Barksdale – vocals
½ cup chicken broth
vs 4: Nevertheless for David’s sake did the LORD his God give him a lamp in Jerusalem, to set up his son after him, and to establish Jerusalem
So who was really responsible or sparked the violence at the tail-end of the Bersih 3.0 rally?
-all and all he is a really good baby with a sweet personality, we are so happy to have him in our family.
Remarkable.
I just hope I can keep my sanity the most when I need it. Because I know I’ll sure need it soon.
1 piper
COMPLETION: 90%
One of the first ways to clean with less chemicals and to be more earth friendly while cleaning, is to use microfiber cleaning cloths. This goes for both the home and the body.
The Lord is Our Deliverer.
Grim Jim decided he should find
Part of me wants to make this into a doll-styled toy complete with an olive green winter coat, with a fur trimmed collar.....but another part of me wants to make a more realistic looking animal- kind- of- animal.
... and various other pieces, including, but not limited to, a burt's bees lip balm, two necklaces, a book about U2, various chocolates, two christmas activity books (mom's idea of a joke?), and a book about good decisions from one of my grandmothers.
Romney agrees with me that it is your choice and the government should not be involved so there should be no taxpayer money to support or deny these issues. Now I will also state here that he has said that he does not agree with abortion but really that only means he will not have one – so what? (If you are really concerned about life before birth then put time into convincing the world but again this is a social issue not a government issue – if you want it to be a government issue then get an amendment to the constitution – and lot’s of luck with that).
Because you are cunning and observant, you will have noticed that I get more than a little excited by cross-media stuff, and this project is no exception. With 26 Treasures I got to respond to an object - this time I get to respond to a person AND an object! My collaborator is Sarah Riley, a wildly-talented textile artist from Shetland. We're still right at the beginning of it all but don't worry - I will keep you posted, while trying to keep high-pitched squeals to a minimum.
The first morning I came to the stable to feed the horses, she did not wake up to eat, she just stayed sleeping. Now, that is normally a bad sign, any horse caught asleep will jump up as soon as they hear the food trolley, but not Amalia. She just lay there, looking at me like she wanted me to turn off the lights and go away.
There you go. Three poems of the top of my head, following classical Haiku form, and vaguely connected. Not great, but not bad. A little bit colourful, a bit themed around the meaning of a life, but kind of short and to me, therefore a little vague. What do you think?
Top always said I would talk to a lamppost if there was no one else nearby!
87Not Caesar's empress would I deign to prove;
The lot next door is just full of Mexican Hats and Texas Thistles. It was so pretty!
Life was good, right? Only not for my youngest, my daughter Sara. Almost from the moment she was born, she had A Thing for dogs. As a tiny infant, her eyes widened and her whole body quivered whenever she spied a dog. "Woof" was one of her first words. By the time she was a preschooler, she preferred her cousins' threadbare hand-me-down doggy costume to even the sparkliest princess getup, knew the distinguishing characteristics of dozens of dog breeds, and she and her best buddy got in trouble at preschool for only speaking in dog and preferring to consume their graham crackers and milk doggy- style. (By that I mean no hands! And don't do an internet search for that term either!) When Christmas and her birthday rolled around, every year Sara's wish list contained just one item: a real, live dog. If she couldn't have that, then nothing, thank you.
Characteristics of rationalist politics: (1) politics of felt needs, of crises (2) certainty, perfection (3) uniformity.
Now I’ve defined what we mean by ‘church’. So what do I mean by “proclaim”?
So, time marches on, the weeks continue to fly by, and although I am eager to meet this newest little person, I’m in no rush to be done being pregnant. Soon enough, soon enough.
The flowers I've used are Penny's Pride flower, the Peary Flower and the Ultimate Rose.
Thanks Jenny – let’s have some fun.
Until next year...
We have higher income but lower morale.
so instead I persuade
This, of course, is antithetical to not just the constitution, but very much to the spirit in which the founders wrote the constitution: the President, acting as commander in cheif, was structurally prevented from falling under the sway of any war’s rush—Congress was given the power to declare war because it was a messy institution with divergent voices, because war is too massive a decision to put it in one—any one—person’s hands. Post-Vietnam, Congress moved to present future presidents from being so able to pursure military actions (given how de-fanged Congress’d been made by that fiasco), yet as of Reagan, such Congressional strictures were getting mercilessly end-runned.
Masimo's primary argument was that resposable "does not appear in the dictionary." That argument faced a major problem: "the evidence submitted by the examining attorney shows that 'resposable' has a recognized meaning in the medical field, and that the consumers for applicant’s goods would be aware of this meaning."
but the whole realm
I left her quite happily knowing that these girls will be kind to her. They know how she is feeling about school, herself, and are unhappy for her. Several have suggested that she leave her school and join their’s, that they would love her to be one their classmates. That however will not happen, she only has a few weeks left before she moves on to secondary school. Some of her dancing friends will be going to the same secondary school as her.
Joyce Fetteroll posts her thoughts here. Her site is a collection of her logical and eloquent responses to real questions she has faced on unschooling discussion lists.
Unfortunately, after the onset of Prohibition, only a few survived. And while the practice of partaking in a morning beverage barely survived, its days were also numbered. One thing to be thankful for though, is that the Corpse Reviver No. 2 is still alive and kicking.
Opening the door, Vince called out to her. “Hey babe! We’re back from the park!”
The Cascadian Dark Ale (CDA) (or "Black IPA") is a relatively new variant of IPA, with a characteristically dark or black appearance, due to roasted malts, while retaining the hop aroma typical of the IPA style. Examples of this style include Heavy Seas Black Cannon, Stone Brewing Company Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale, Hopworks Urban Brewery Secession Black IPA, Widmer Brothers Brewery W'10 Pitch Black IPA, Laughing Dog Brewery Dogzilla, Cascade Brewing Dark Day, Deschutes Brewery Hop In The Dark CDA, Thornbridge Brewery Raven, Victory Brewing Company Yakima Glory (formerly Yakima Twilight), the Blue Star Donkey Lady, and LoneRider Grave Robber Black IPA, Garrison Brewing Black IPA. The name refers to the Pacific Northwest Region of the United States ("Cascadia", related to the Cascade Mountain Range, near where Cascade Hops are grown), where many current commercial versions are made. The style was invented by Greg Noonan in Vermont in the early 1990s, and by the mid-2000s there were several commercial versions made in that state.
first place!
She got awarded and past it on to me. But... my blog is an award free blogging zone, so I won't pass it on. But I will tell you 5 things about me, you may or may not know them.
Headline of the Week
When I was a teenager, every summer my family moved to our cottage by the beach, something that I loved so much! I used to go fishing to the pier daily, it was so much fun to see the gulls fighting each other for scraps of fish or the excitement of fish biting and tugging on your fishing line. It was also fun go fishing with my father on board a Charter boat. I learned a lot about fishing, how to clean and cut fillets of fish using a paring knife. I also knew how to tie hooks, made my own sinkers and prepared my own fishing gear.
Significantly, the section ends with the work’s title poem, “Shadowcrossing,” in which the “shadow” seems to represent the psychic influence of past experiences (over and about which we may have had little control or understanding) whose presence impedes our quest for spiritual autonomy. The shadow resides, as the poem tells us, at “the crossroads/where destinies intersect” and is “the darkness before ascension.” Harper’s sensibilities are clearly Jungian in nature, and her “shadow” a close fit for that of the great 20th century Swiss psychologist, who identified it as the element which encompasses the “hidden, repressed and unfavourable (or nefarious) aspects of the personality ” (1). In this Jungian light Harper’s “ascension,” can be read as the essential integration of the shadow into the personality, a coming to terms with one’s complete self, a process which Jung believed was essential for a healthy psychic life. A successful shadow crossing, then, leads the way to a psychologically mature and authentic life.
InshaALlah will send further post for books etc. to be used.
My favourite print overall would have to be the first one as it has contrast and shows more detail in it. I am hoping to use a traditional medium format camera soon to capture some really nice detail in the photographs.
After the cast was removed, she had a slight limp. She had been accustomed to walking with the cast; she continued to walk as if it was still there. For me, this was a modified Enjoy the Phase You Are in because that meant I didn’t have to chase her around the store. I enjoyed the fact that I could walk while grocery shopping. Then one day it clicked and she was off like a shot.
See? There are a million different variations that can be made with this ultimate clean-and-simple layout and Modern Basics, and I'll share more variations next week.
I pray you understand that I was unable to get a page done for today. It's been a super busy week with a lot going on. His words to each of you are most important anyway! I pray that you will meditate on the scriptures I posted above or even read them with your family this week. Be blessed as you read and live for Him each and every day!
Mei-chan no Shitsuji
This has been my 5th or 6th year as a Track Leader or higher for I-Con and while I am not longer a director or dumb enough to take that much power again I must admit it was busy and I do enjoy the power of a Committee member. It affords me the freedom, when I am not solving issues for my Track (Anime Films) or reprising my role as Audio Visual Coordinator. To be fair though, I was mearly assisting Lisa who did a fantastic job, as did all her Staff. It is relativly unfair though as AV Service Staff is my day job at Stony Brook Campus so I know the systems backwards and forwards. I just like to help. This Con has been part of my life at SBU before I even was enrolled as a matriculated student. Which leads to me to my decission not to retire like much of the other Anime Staff. I can’t imagine not being in I-Con. I know it is stressful and makes the weekend difficult and there is a large amount of arguing and fighting at times, but at the same time it is tradition. And I suppose I really can’t turn my back on the tradition that I-Con has become to my Stony Brook life. That being said for at least one more year I am CO-Track Leader for Anime Films. Kiddies do love their cartoons.
I didn’t enter. I leaned against the jamb of the gate to the park, staring at a pair of benches facing each other right beside the walking track.
first one needs to chalk up the purposes of the two options, probation and prison. Boiling them down to their essentials, I come up with:
February: Tom Brumley, Lux Interior, Jorge Reyes (for Jim), Estelle Bennett
Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm has been in the news recently with Bristol media seeking light-hearted comment. Both Radio Oxford and BBC radio Bristol interviewed staff of the zoo in Wraxall, which has a scale model of Noah’s Ark in an exhibition room for visitors.
The Coronation itself created, in this British Colony, many different ceremonies and parties. I remember being drilled with all the other schoolchildren for a kind of parade on the Padang: the playing field outside the Club. There were copies of the Illustrated London News kept at the Club and after the event, pictures like these
The execution was scheduled for a little after 6 p.m., but the document ordering the execution generally allows it to be carried out up until shortly before midnight.
In a statement, Howard said the initiative is the perfect marriage of how athletes can leverage celebrity status to make positive changes in their communities.
The best way is to scroll to the bottom of the blog and start from ABOUT. Crazy theory huh? It provides protection for your mind however so no bullets graze your ears.
Some time later, when much time has elapsed, they present you with a shiny, brand new version of the thing you already had, but strangely with marginally less functionality. ”It’s not ready yet”, they say. ”OK, so when WILL it be ready?”, you ask. ”Don’t know”, they respond. ”Too many bugs”. ”Not enough structure”.
Participants in the MSKeeper Teacher Leadership Institute will include the 12 teachers from Kurnyuk School, and 18 teachers from 9 other schools selected by the Warrap State MoE. Over the next 3 years, we’ll provide formal training sessions every 6 months with interim mentoring support. The content of the trainings will be informed by annual assessment of teachers and students.
Hi there. I am entering my card in this weeks Crafty Creations Challenge where the challenge is to use distressing in your card.
while he peels my luggage out the trunk–)
A solid conditioning bar packed with nutrives for the hair. Including Quinoa Protein which has been shown to improve the outside and inside structure of the hair. It is the best protein for the hair. Simply rub through wet hair until you can finger comb your hair. Leave in your hair 2-5 minutes, rinse.
“Not only that, I get my cervix back, sure. But, the garage, no, that’s mine for life. In case you want to crawl in there and meditate. We can just think of my vag as the meditation room instead of adding something on to the house. It’s a quiet space, where you can have a sit down. I mean, wtf, Wifesy, the baby-having is not the fun part!”
The ‘State of Indian Agriculture’ report emphasises the need to bridge the yield gap in low productivity regions by technology, inputs and other interventions. Raising productivity also assumes significance in view of increasing demand for land for industrialization, urbanization, housing and infrastructure.
of both the eternal Spirit blest.
What inspired you to write THE BLACKHOPE ENIGMA?
Sam peered across the meadow at the target seventy meters away. She took a deep breath and held it. Just seventy meters between her, a perfect score, and acceptance into prestigious Xenith Training Camp for field sports.
Not to panic
Yup it has been a ruff time at the Lemke house... First Gracelyn had a cold. Nothing very serious she didn't even have a fever, I just knew she didn't feel great.
Okay,,,and Finally? I used the "Random Number Generator" and drew up #5 which is my friend LISA Davies or Sequim Washington! (Email me Lisa and let me know if I have your Current addy!)
Filming and editing and uploading really take a lot of time, but when I sit and respond to comments and read them all, it's a full day ordeal! There's no way I would have been able to decorate the Christmas tree with my family, bake holiday cookies with my grandmother, or wrap presents with my little sister if I had been worried about videos. (Don't get me wrong.. videos are never a hassle and I love doing them, but sometimes they just take up more time than I have.)
Grab your badges ladies. They are in the left sidebar. (Copy image to your computer. Add a picture gadget to your blog with the image and our blog address in the link line.)
“Hey, man,” says a voice behind you.
In 1809 she took vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience, and was made “Mother” of the order of the Daughters of Charity of St. Joseph, the American branch of the order founded by Sts. Vincent De Paul and Louise De Marillac, which was based out of a farmhouse in the Maryland countryside. The Sisters spread their work across the United States, opening schools, orphanages, and hospitals. Abraham Lincoln even specifically requested the Sisters work in military hospitals during the Civil War. Mother Seton died in 1821, and in 1975 was canonized by Pope Paul VI as the first native-born American saint.
So for this reason, My T13 is things that I am looking forward to.
“I learned that UT’s decision was final on the same day I learned that Target stores had settled their accessibility lawsuit with the National Federation of the Blind,” says Sharron Rush, accessibility expert and co-author with Dr. Slatin of Maximum Accessibility, an accessible design manual published in 2002 to great acclaim. “While John might chuckle at the irony, he would be bitterly disappointed in the short-sightedness of the University. We have invited the Provost’s Office to meet and hear our concerns and suggestions for transition, but they have so far declined to meet with us. ”
The second one, to Miss May Carey of Tunkhannock, New York, may have been sent in an envelope. The message reads:
“Then don't act like one, now, I'll see you tomorrow. Don't forget to prepare for the journey yourself” he said as he left the office, leaving Daniel and Geoff on their own.
I'm guessing a good example of thinking positive/affirmations would be the movie "The Secret".
Kath x
 3rd Grade – Healthy snack in the class room twice a week (example:
All in all.. I guess I am considering cancelling my subscription. Much as receiving the box is exciting, once it's opened, it's a little dissapointing. This saddens me, because I did have high hopes for Glossybox, and I still hope that the December box will drag me back in. What did you think?
Yes, I’m having one of those ‘blah’ mornings. Can you tell?
As noted the Brooklyn Arena would be, by far, the most expensive arena ever in this country, but the previous cost, $555.3 million, has now increased to $637.2 million.
“But this can’t be …” Bert denied desperately. Those youthful pools of blue met Nathaniel’s gaze once again, but the Imaginary Man would not, and could not, bow to their pleadings. Not anymore.
He explains that there are some legal requirements attached to insurance, particularly for anyone running a vehicle for business purposes or taking on a member of staff, even if it’s just help for one job.
I was hoping the Pokemon craze would subside before my kids were old enough to care, but I guess it's here to stay for a while. That's why my life savings sits in a binder full of cards in my 6-year-old son's room.
The faith of a politician should be lived out in dignity and humility. I am disappointed by slings, arrows, and insults being hurled by people who profess the faith ON BOTH SIDES OF THE ISLE! The application of a Congressman's faith should be in quite reflection and prayer before casting a vote, before opening his mouth, before signing a document, and certainly before calling someone out of hand with no basis of scripture to support his claim.
but my life is so good.
Address:
“I hope to convey the emotional essence of the place that inspired these women to write such wonderful works of literature, and also to encourage more people to rediscover Haworth, the Brontës and Yorkshire for themselves.” (...)
What is preventing these “voters of color” from acquiring a photo ID card? In what way are they different from their “White counterparts”? These are the kind of questions every black American should be asking, not just a handful that includes me. Where is the righteous indignation at being portrayed as helpless children? The only people who should take issue with voter ID laws are those who intend to perpetrate a fraud. No responsible, law-abiding citizen should have any problem with such laws.
India Cements
UPDATE: Thanks to info from some kind fellows the artists have been identified. Robert McGinnis is confirmed as the artist on the Avengers cover and Peter Caras is the artist on the Cap cover. Thanks guys!
It could end up being good news for places like Springfield, where several post offices, including Mason Square were on the chopping block. Even the Springfield mail processing center was facing an uncertain future.
This is often proved when I think back on decisions that I've made; I don't understand the logic behind my decisions, whether physical actions or perception-based, but, at the time, they were natural for me to make. My perspective was unquestionably accurate. But now that I have distance from that mindset, I want to kick myself for making them.
- Orange
My email address is Sarah.Hina@gmail.com. Thanks, guys.
By: Scott Lawson
If you'd like to make crayons, it's fairly simple:
The company is also using crayfish to monitor the quality of city water.
What more you gonna expect?
It is understood British forces believe the explosion was caused by either a roadside bomb laid by insurgents or a legacy mine, left over from the Soviet era.
And I light fires everywhere. To get housekeeping to go a little faster. (Not too fast, I don’t want them missing anything) to get the front desk to think a little harder so I don’t always have to. To get maintenance to, well, I don’t really have to do too much with maintenance, they’re pretty self-sufficient. Oscar and Tango really are my favorite employees. Ok, moving on.
Well, within the past few years, I’ve purchased paperback versions of several of the classics for hundreds of dollars that I haven’t read yet – eBooks are the way to go and these were all free. The price of the Kindle is peanuts, as well as the price of commercial eBooks. Remember thousands of eBooks are free, even the Harvard Classics..
Asking for Them to guide him, heal him. Begged Them to make it all better, to make it end. Stared at nothing while waiting for Them to give me sign upon sign.
You know I have a little secret to tell: I hate to admit it but I’m currently obsessed with the new show on A&E “Duck Dynasty”. I mean it’s not my kind of show, I’m a city girl who loves watching Sex&the City, reads Confessions of a Shopaholic, loves the spa, shopping, and definatley could never live off the animals killed on the land kinda girl, hell I don’t even like that much facial hair. But for some reason this show is what makes me laugh and happy.
In the universal interpretation of the Orthodox Holy Fathers, however, there is no mystery about this. The reign of Christ with His saints is occurring now. This is the Church. This is the life of grace in the Church with the Sacraments, which Protestants, not having, do not understand. The life in the Church is such a blessed state – because we are with Christ, we have His grace, we have His Body and Blood within us – that this is like Paradise. And this is what people call the millennium. The “thousand years” means a whole period. One thousand is a round number: 10x10x10 in symbolical language means the fullness of time between the First Coming and the Second Coming of Christ.
Of course, they want America to fail. Rush Limbaugh said that three years ago; that Obama and friends are trying to collapse capitalism. A lot of people in our universities and colleges are Marxists who indoctrinate the country's children who then move into government jogs.
I feel like I'm on the verge of going down that road again since we're now talking about chillins'. Except this demonic little head-spinning vision playing in the back of my mind is not really... comforting.
Wrinkle Free Distress technique.
The best way to always be Manifesting an Abundant Destiny is to live with others in mind. If you are constantly giving yourself away and looking for opportunities to become the face of abundance, then you will become it in ways you may never fully comprehend.
I saw people all last week love and serve Jesus at Mission of Hope.
Understood the same things
In her own words, this Vancouver photographer "aims to find the unusual in the usual, searches out the beautiful in the everyday, and wants to make you look at things in a different way." Aren't the colors unbelievable?
妹と彼女の旦那さん、もう一人の妹の休みが合った日に、うちの娘2人をディズニーシーかディズニーランドへ連れて行きたいという話が上がりました。私はまだディズニーシーへ行った事が無かったのと、娘2人はリトルマーメイドのアリエルが好きなので、ディズニーシーへ連れて行く事にしました。とても暑い夏の日でもあったので、海の近くで潮風がある東京ディズニーシーの方が楽かな、とも思いました。
There have also been a few side projects, that were not quite fully-fledged army projects. This includes:
Do you have a plan for water besides the faucet in your sink?
All the hubbub and hoopla in the local poetry scene is about The Last Poet Standing — a head-to-head poetry slam like no other, produced by Up From The Roots Entertainment. Sixteen poets from Canada and the US (The P.O.E., Kuya Patrick, Gary Jones, Lip Balm, Eytan Crouton, Dan Murray, Just Jamaal, Shoolie, Noah Kaplan, Poetic Speed, Tallawah, Electric Jon, Ritallin, Deonte Osayande, Eddy da Original One and Tomy Bewick) will step into a boxing ring, two by two, to spit 3-minute poems in front of a panel of celebrity judges and a rabid crowd anxious to see some poetic blood spilled on the canvas.
In medium bowl, beat butter and granulated sugar with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Beat in eggs, vanilla, sour cream, lemon peel and juice. Stir in flour, baking soda and baking powder. Fold in 3/4 cup of the blueberries. Spoon batter into pan. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup blueberries on top. Bake for 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes; remove from pan to cooling rack. Cool completely.
And now, lovely Ohio is cold again. What a bummer.
Davy Condon
To begin, let's take a trip into the past, way back to the 1980s. In 1986, the model for the promotional tour was invented. Before this time, authors didn't tour from major city to major city in a ten-week promotional tour that left them functioning in a haze and wondering when sleep would finally come. Most cities had their local authors and that was about it. The local bookstore (if there was one) was about the only place in town a person could find a book to purchase. The idea behind the book tours was to introduce new authors to other regions of the country. Initially, it was a grand success. But since the idea wasn't to make money off the tour, publishing houses knew they had to balance out the $15,000 price tag. This was to come through sales and recognition (i.e. an author finding his/her way to the top of The New York Times list). Eventually, the tours ground to a halt because the numbers weren't matching up. Book tours were not driving up sales, so by the late 1990s the extravagant city hopping came to an end.
Then I fly into the arms of my mother.
(CC Madhya 25.9 Purport)
Other options: If you are not much of a sewer, you could also adjust the hem only or lower the drapery rod by 1". If you like the topper idea, you could always just add some fabric (without the additional inch) to window treatments you already have and for which you want a new look. (To address a comment on my previous drapery post: I don't consider this a lot of work, since I've been sewing since I was 10 yrs. old. I'd much rather zip these up then spend time shopping for the "perfect" window treatment!)
And France has replaced a vehemently pro-nuclear premier with the Socialist Francois Hollande, who will almost certainly build no new reactors. For decades France has been the “poster child” of atomic power. But Hollande is likely to follow the major shift in French national opinion away from nuclear power and toward the kind of green-powered transition now redefining German energy supply.
Last evening, a government medical team of 2 doctors and 3 nurses came to see the hunger strikers. The small medial team could not check everyone and dealt with only those who had serious health issues. They said they were late because their vehicle had starting trouble. One of the two BP apparatus (Sphygmomanometer) the medical team had brought was not working. This made the people question our government’s preparedness to face a nuclear disaster.
21 Sept 2011: The Australian Government announces that it will provide an additional $700,000 to the World Health Organization to increase the global fight against tobacco smoking.
Secondly, the piece is about a Free-Range tangent, the whole issue I call the “Kiddie Safety Industrial Complex” – that is, the multi-billion dollar industry that has given us superstores full of baby products that didn’t even exist a generation ago.
It starts with the 2013 draft, and 13 teams are eligible for picks. There will be 12 picks given away, 6 at the end of the 1st round, and the other six at the end of the 2nd round.
8And I took you into the lands of the Amorites on the other side of Jordan; and they made war on you, and I gave them into your hands and you took their land; and I sent destruction on them before you.
Oh I could carry on at greta length quoting parts that I really loved – Fen suggesting to Crispin (the author!) names for his next novel; the Benny Hill style chase through Oxford, and the fact that the girl had to sit outside the baths (as it was male only0 while they carried on chasing each other in there; the fact that Fen had ‘once made love to a girl over there, but not very well’; the aniquated names they call each other and the description of The Colossal (one of the smallest and most disreputable cinemas ever contrived).
Really, I love the dark hair on me. I think it makes me look more sophisticated and sexy, and I can wear whatever color I want, including lots of red lipstick which I'm totally loving right now. Plus, it's easy to match for hair pieces. 1B, baby. My natural hair color not so much.
The first quilt is a Rail Fence pattern and the blocks were made QAYG which meant that they were easy to put together. Sixteen of the blocks were donated as well as more of the fabric so I made enough blocks to make a quilt of 24 blocks.
"I can't give you hard, empirical, scientific evidence! What's gotten into you?!"
*They're everywhere and it seems everyone's talking about them.
Disclaimer: All items for this giveaway are not sponsored and are purchased by me, using my own money. This giveaway is held to show appreciation to all my followers and readers.
Pros – The game is very well thought out and is great fun, especially since it is a little bit silly and is certainly not meant to be a tournament style game, although Deathmatches could be Good.
That's it for me today. I have another page and video that's going to go up this weekend in conjunction to some new product releases at Retro Cafe. In the meantime, have a happy Thursday.
When it's done, remove from the oven and allow to rest for 15 minutes. Slice or shred and serve with your favorite side item. The flavors are a lot like a bbq sauce. So tender and juicy and aromatic. Enjoy!
ROCHESTER, NY, Oct 8, 2003 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ — A recent Harris Poll finds that 16% of all adults have at least one tattoo. The highest incidence of tattoos was found among the gay, lesbian and bisexual population (31%) and among Americans ages 25 to 29 years (36%) and 30 to 39 years (28%). Regionally, people living in the West (20%) are more likely to have tattoos.
I am thankful for my family. Not just for all of the generic love and togetherness stuff, but because I am lucky enough to have amazing people to whom I am related. I appreciate my mother's understanding, my father's sense of humor, my brothers' goofiness and friendship, my sister-in-law's upbeat personality, my grandmothers' ability to triumph through adversity, my boyfriend's sense of adventure, my cousins' unique fabulosity (it's a made-up word... so what?), my aunts' advice, and my uncles' protectiveness.
I’ll call you tomorrow because Ill be traveling later today and my schedule is a little crazy.
* I'm looking forward to World Lit and Geography tomorrow. The kids are all bringing in various types of Asian food, and we're having a wonderful speaker.
Generally, chickens are not fried whole; instead, the chicken is divided into its four main constituent pieces: the two white meat sections are the breast and the wing from the front of the chicken, while the dark meat sections are from the rear of the chicken. To prepare the chicken pieces for frying, they are dredged in flour or a similar dry substance (possibly following marination or dipping in milk or buttermilk) to coat the meat and to develop a crust. Seasonings such as salt, pepper, cayenne pepper, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, or ranch dressing mix can be mixed in with the flour. As the pieces of chicken cook, some of the moisture that exudes from the chicken is absorbed by the coating of flour and browns along with the flour, creating a flavorful crust. Traditionally, lard is used to fry the chicken, but corn oil, peanut oil, canola oil, or vegetable oil are also frequently used. The flavor of olive oil is generally considered too strong to be used for traditional fried chicken, and its low smoke point makes it unsuitable for use.
The measurements on the additions (fruit, nuts, cinnamon, etc.) are approximate and you can use all or some of what I have listed and however much of them you want, although I wouldn’t use more than a tablespoon of any one of them. I use a ratio of 2 parts water to 1 part oats and that seems to work out just right, even with the additional ingredients. I also add about a teaspoon each of oat bran and wheat bran, but that is up to you if you wish to use those also.
Student : Sure.
Mr Miliband has picked out the big political issue:
which is probably why i have always been better
She continued to work her way down his body, massaging the length of his spine but avoiding the bone, then massaging the supple flesh of his ass and his thighs.
Rewards: 1 Anniversary Token.
lost the Weiner seat last year which complicated redistricting for the dems, hired Brian Meara. Representative Higgins also hired Meara. Lobbyist Lynch who used to work for speaker silver got caught sticking her hand into Hevesi pension cooky jar and had to pay the state a half a million in fines, as one of those stay out of jail deal. Early reports have had Rep. Eliot Engel spending $30,096 on lobbying, while Rep. Joe Crowley spent $21,677 and Rep. Carolyn McCarthy spent $10,206.
I think it’s because we’ve got some interesting ideas about “being known.” If I’m “known,” people know who I am, right? Lots of people. Those people will say I’m talented and beautiful and they’ll treat me with special respect. If I’m known, I get to wear amazing clothes and ride in limousines. People will do what I want just because I’m known. If I only eat the green M&M’s, someone will pick those out of the five-pound bag and put them into a crystal dish for me. If I’m known, I am important—more important than that boss who fired me, or the teacher who gave me a C and said “You ought to be ashamed of yourself,” or the security guard who threw me out of a mall in Seattle for plugging my cellphone into a floor outlet (true story!)
Monday - NOTHING works anymore
Kershaw
Mind you, we're still inside.
The recipe below is for Raspberry Lemon Bars, of which the raspberries can be substituted with blueberries, or any other fruit.
What did you think of tonight’s episode? Post your TwoCents below!
SOME OF THE GIVEAWAYS WILL BE WONDERFUL CREATIONS MADE FROM HAND-DYED WOOLS.....
talking about what it is to grow up with a disability in this day and age.
See the little marks thru the heart?
I am writing about it because I also believe the same regarding spending. Look at it from the classical sense. If you are sitting in a castle that you use to control the lands, and you are being invaded by a numerically superior foe, you can hold up and wait for help. This is called siege warfare. It is what most people think about when the economy turns south.
so liberating
Tattered Angels Glimmer mist Starfish
We have created The Carol Emshwiller Project as a celebration of Ms. Emshwiller's work and life, her joy and her cause.
Where she calls my name
When I go back through, I see if the plot point is obvious or buried. Then I can work on it. It works pretty well for most of the plot points and points out the problems, fixing them is a little harder.
so I just sent someone the link to my blog...and then I looked at it...and realized that it's been forever and a day since I've posted.
arrive, they are bringing supplies and sharing in the effort to bring it all together…. the crystal drum camp…. that is
Loomis, who had been illegally moonlighting for Wilson for some time, was one of dozens of former Government employees who had been recruited by Wilson and Terpil. Government investigators have learned that Wilson’s technique, as utilized in his approach to American Electronic, was to seek out intelligence and military officials with close relationships with both vital suppliers and foreign governments. These men would be retained to sell goods, ranging from canned foods to weapons, to those foreign countries. Income for his salesmen, as well as for Wilson, was extremely high, in part because the sales were often contingent on under-the-table kickbacks to Wilson’s company and to foreign officials.
What did sound good was some chocolate!! I’ve made a pact with myself to not keep ice cream in the house as a staple any longer. It was becoming too much of a routine rather than a craving. Last night the craving came loud and clear.
most for the words I hurled
New Sen. Ron Johnson remains a cipher to most voters in his first year in office. His name recognition is up a bit from May, but those who have an opinion on him now who didn't before are split evenly in approval and disapproval. 39% approve, 35% disapprove, and still 26% aren't sure how they feel about his performance so far. Three months ago, it was 35-31-34.
Shrien Dewani, 31 from Bristol is accused by the South African government of being the mastermind behind the murder of his wife, Anni Dewani (Hindocha), 28, when they were hijacked in Gugulethu, a township near Capetown on November 13, 2010.
With swelling prison populations, researchers are trying to understand the biology behind aggressive behavior. National Institute of Mental Health scientist Andreas Meyer-Lindenberg is looking for clues to how genes wire our brains early in life.
One of the 26 songs I attached to this project is called "Automatic". In it, I talk about the powerful idea put forth by Julian Jaynes in his groundbreaking book "The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind". Jaynes proposed that until about 3,000 years ago, humans lived their lives with their conscious and subconscious minds fully integrated. When the subconscious developed a plan or had an intuition, humans heard this as a "voice" inside their heads, which they often interpreted to be the voices of gods or ancestors. Then something happened: the "narrator" voice of the conscious mind assumed dominance, and the subconscious mind's processes became more submerged. Still, there are a great many activities which we perform better when we can quiet our "narrator voice": driving a car, hitting a golf ball, playing a musical instrument or typing on a keyboard all go better when we can get our narrator voice to stop conducting traffic, saying "do this, now do that", and just let things flow. And yet, despite the advantages of this mode of operation, most of us have been taught to be suspicious of those moments when we stop narrating: we're told to stop daydreaming, get our minds back in the game, and so on.
The legacy is the music.
Since that time I’ve read the Bible through numbers of times using a variety of translations, including the King James Version, the New King James Version, the New International Version, and the Living Bible. For the last several years I’ve been reading the Complete Jewish Bible.
The History Spring Drive Watches at Seiko
