Next class we will talk about Pop Art, Roy Lichtenstein and Andy Warhol. I think you guys will really dig it. I will also assign the final painting project, which you will ALSO really enjoy! Thursday will be the last lecture of the semester, so bring your tissues. You might have to dry your sorrowful eyes when you consider you never get to see another one of my glorious slideshows.
Interspersed elements. The MSY is also full of interspersed repeat elements – approximately 47% (3% higher than the genomic average (Table 3)). However, the density of repeat elements is roughly 9% lower in the ampliconic region than the rest of the genome. The X-transposed region itself is 60% interspersed repeats. We will perhaps discuss this in a later post – my understanding of these things is rather limited and will require me to read up some more.
and add:
I love honour and respect people.
I’m excited to be reading from my novel The Rescuer’s Path and leading a very related discussion, “‘Unwed mothers’ and other outlaws: Nonconforming mothers, single pregnancy, social activism–then and now,” at the newly revamped In Other Words Feminist Community Center, 14 NE Killingsworth, Portland, Oregon, on April 28, 5 to 6:30 p.m.
Girl gets home and decides to stir-fry one lamb heart for dinner.
In addition, to those who make apologies for their poetry, I think this poem to be a good example of that which can be expressed in no other way. Poetry speaks up to the limit of the ineffable!
But we did find plenty of traces of the legend around and along the Cretan coast, from the island whose earlier name was "Leather Bag", situated at the crossroads of the Aegean, to a very good candidate (with local backing) for the Cyclops cave, complete with British wartime ration tins in the back, dropped for the Resistance. One could imagine P.L. Fermor having been another visitor, once.
Just this weekend, as Bill and I were looking for two FAG requests at the Odd Fellows’ Cemetery in Milton, we discussed what type of headstone I should choose.
I’m thinking some of these will make FABBY card charms as well as wonderful jewellery & trinkets! :0)
'12.12.12: Life in Three Centuries' looks at the intersection of fashion and life in 1812, 1912, and 2012 and is presented by Jonathan Walford, Kenn Norman, and members of the board of the Fashion History Museum at the newly restored Guelph Civic Museum (52 Norfolk Street) in Guelph. The exhibition is currently open 1 - 5 p.m. daily and will close March 4, 2012. For more information, please call the Fashion History Museum at 519 267-2091.
While the current study didn’t pinpoint exactly which genes were at play, researchers know that many human genes affect obesity risk by influencing mechanisms like glucose metabolism, energy use, fat storage and appetite. More research is needed to determine which biological mechanisms are at work and exactly how much sleep is enough to override the influence of obesity genes, but the results add to the evidence that adequate sleep is crucial to maintaining a healthy weight.
MM: Hmm. It seems that the divide was already in place. I guess Bobby Sherman and The J5 hadn’t arrived yet. I, too, was firmly in the Stones camp in late ’69.
Me: And you’re okay with that?
So, as I stated above, my copy of the novel came as part of an ARC Tour, in which each participant was given a week to read the novel before shipping it off to the next reviewer. As the reviewers of this copy of GONE, GONE, GONE, our job was to write all over the novel, add photos, drawings, etc., so that when it gets back to Hannah Moskowitz, it’s a highly personalized, beautiful copy that proves its traveled the whole United States. I was the first to recieve the book on the tour (which will extend into April as the book is set to release April 17th), and I had a wonderful time reading Hannah’s musings and adding my own commentary. I’ve included a few photos below for all to see how truly cool this ARC Tour was!
But the opposition to this project hopes if they say something enough times, people will believe it.
Sometimes all it takes is an ‘I don’t know either.’ We can then shrug on cue and walk out of the room, leaving the glass empty on both sides.
Since the 24 hours a day are fixed, what can be tossed out of one’s day?
Once the peppers have cooled, peel off the black skin and remove the stems and seeds. Tear into pieces and put into the bowl of a food processor with the garlic, vinegar, cumin, paprika, salt and pepper. Process to a paste and then stream in the oil with the processor running.
aletha solter says (much more concisely and convincingly, i'm sure) that when parents distract or divert attention from crying repeatedly (ie: with bottle, nursing, pacifier or simple distraction) that the child is not only learning that the big feelings aren't okay, welcome or supported, but that they should look to other things to replace the feelings with. with lifelong ramifications.
Thirdly, I'm all about black and white damask patterns and I'm really happy they're finally mainstream enough that I can find the motif almost anywhere now (three years ago when I was super into black and white damask motifs, I really had to search high and low for them; now they're definitely on-trend and probably moving on to out-dated). Thing is, I'm not really sure I like the black and white damask motif on this style of sweater. I worry about it being too busy for little 'ol me.
Artist: Brian McKnight
Merry Christmas everyone.
After gongyo my brother and I got up and walked out of the center and parted ways on University Pl. He was going to meet a friend. I had a little bit of time to kill before catching the F to Brooklyn and so I went back into Whole Foods (where I had actually been 20 minutes ago with my brother, buying a wallet) to grab a bit of dinner. I made a plate of samples of hot food, went and sat upstairs, and returned a phone call to an SGI member for whom I’ll soon be house sitting.
Mac
Toilet Partitions: Sierra Series from Bobrick - www.bobrick.com
Thanks again to everyone who entered and spread the word on Facebook. I really appreciate everyone's support and enthusiasm for my beads. :)
The short term solution was to hack off the carb side of one of the manifolds I built. This side has a much wider hole spacing for the two mounting bolts, so I have a very good welded connection there. I then connected this piece to the stock c110 intake with a piece of 7/8" ID fuel hose I had. It is a very snug fit, and with a few ugly hose clamps it fits and feels secure.
etched
But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves. Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core. These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit, twice dead, plucked up by the roots; Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for ever.
I hate it when demand free things, and make a big fuss over it when they don’t get it as if the world owes it to them. Guess what, we don’t owe it to you. Just stuff it and go away.
But why do I pose this question? Most Christians know, or should know, this already. Well most Christians do know the truth but don’t seem to follow it. I will be the first to admit that I am guilty of this, many times I do not act in a way that shows that I am a child of the King. Every time that I read James I am reminded that I am guilty of not having works through faith. But the reason that I am writing a post about this issue is that I feel that it is important to the Church as a whole.
Review of the Woman Who Sat Behind Me During The Descendants
This one was kegged two days before a party and quick carbonated. It was a very refreshing in the 98+ degree heat and we went through 3 gals. I've been able to draw a few bottles off for entry into the ZEALOTS Inquisition, the Cerveza Fest in San Antonio and perhaps the last three will make it to the Dixie Cup in October.
3) Green business and sustainability (sustainable sourcing & green products, consulting, training, energy innovation, and energy efficiency)
I was once accused by a guy I worked with of playing “Mental Chess”, because he thought I would say things that could be taken innocently or not, depending on the audience, and that I relished living in that zone. I can’t say he was altogether wrong. It sure seems to be where the ESPN writer is trying to reside. The only problem is that he’s a professional writer. He should have been fired even if it wasn’t intentional, because his job is to be a master of the language.
Strong, Targeted Resume
“We are going to get it to go,” I told her. “I don’t want to be driving in a hailstorm up the interstate.”
She said: “It was quite an outlay at first, but I didn’t mind that. I was still working full-time at the time of my first pregnancy.”
Thu 9/25 Johnson City, NY Magic City Music Hall
This is great salad! This is yet another great dish from my mother-in-law. Dolma has rice in it so this is very satisfying salad. You can have this salad as a main course.
I’m a really big fan of cheesecake, New York cheesecake in particular. I’m still doing some experimenting with the best recipe for New York Cheesecake so it may be a while before I post one up. However I’m not a big fan of sweet cheesecakes, if it’s chocolate then it needs to be smooth and creamy as opposed to rich and dense.
They are gonna be really mean to me because for this test, I have to fast (besides water) after midnight and then I go drink that awful drink in the morning and then they will test every hour for three hours afterwards and I will won't be able to eat anything!! They are starving pregnant women!! I really hope I don't pass out or puke, when I drank it on Tuesday, I got all jittery, felt like I was on speed or something.
Don't you just love love love those wood doilies from Maya Road?!?! They are so much fun to work with! Ok, that's it from me for now. If you like what you see, then go check The Paper Bakery out!! You have to see Sarah's new website design!! It such eye candy!! And if I saw a store like that on the streets, I would be in the front door in a heart beat! And the great thing about the goodies in this store.......they're all fat free and zero calories! ;)
But color of my face I could not revive.
“Minorities in the Senate?” he asked. “Call the office and we’ll talk about that, because that deserves a thoughtful answer.”
If you installed it in, say, a corporate board room: the CEO looks down upon her minions with derision and rage – because they didn't finish the monthly report. As she speaks they hear a disquieting buzzing sound, followed by a tickling of the skin as one's body hair stands on end...
Bring to a light boil and turn off the flame. Keep aside.
Let me give you the timeframe: coke & porn & bucket list boy were all within 1 week. I am a firm believer in giving people opportunities.
Those times when I don’t feel like posting on this blog, I don’t. It starts to feel like an obligation sometimes, whether I’m feeling pressure to post something so I can keep people coming (I do want to share my game designs, after all), or when I feel like I want to comment on some topic of the month but can’t work up the right words, or some other circumstance where I’m not writing but I feel like I should be… those are times when blogging feels like a job, not something I do because it’s fun. It’s much harder to write at that point. I’m not of a mind that you have to push through it and post anyway. If you do that, you’re treating it like it’s a job, and again, it inevitably colors your attitude. Sure, there still might be something good in those posts, but they have a different feel to them, and in my experience, they aren’t as strong or as interesting.
Wes gives us all a slight, closed mouth grin and tucks his hands into his front pockets. His forearm peeks out from his cuff, and I see what looks like writing on the underside. He must notice too because he instinctively pulls his sleeve back to his wrist.
Saw Palmetto has long been considered an alternative treatment for men with enlarged prostates, but its actual effectiveness is still being studied. Other natural supplements that have been linked to reducing prostate symptoms include vitamin d, vitamin e, zinc, fish oil, quercetin, rye grass pollen, stinging nettle root, and green tea extract.
I am witness to Her labor.
That is a good mantra
I knew.......
11-Augustus Pablo-Fort Augustus Rock
beneath the grass and stone.
Every once in a while, someone makes a statement in a comment about how their advisor "doesn't do anything". In some cases, there is the added description that an advisor "doesn't do anything except get grants". I find these comments fascinating, but not necessarily in a good way. I am sure I have written about this before, but since I was thinking about the phenomenon recently as I was sitting suspended over an ocean, I am writing about it again now.
- Honey took me to the doctor for the 2nd time to get me checked for the infection. He re-prescribed the medicine and hot compressions. It was such a relief as I could see the world outside.
How is your record?
You must leave me a comment telling me
Then I used some craft tacky glue -Aleene's Fast Grab tacky glue - to overlap the short ends of the napkin ring 1/4". Held them in place with small clamps until dry. Another option is a glue product called Leather Weld, love it, I was out and so was Tandy's. However, the Aleene's did a fabulous job!
And I didn’t get a picture of those hearts in the refrigerator and a couple of other places. It was fun!
1/2 tsp fresh rosemary, approx.
Jane's available for commissions. She can be contacted via e-mail janepark6@gmail.com. $200 each.
Then there was the rich man and Lazarus, the rich man in hell and Lazarus in Abraham’s bosom. Then the rich young ruler, religious as he was went away sorrowful from the presence of the Lord. Truly it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
I have just attended a workshop on the process for the MPhil Upgrade at warwick Uni and I’m really glad I did!
desire armed insurrectionary action
The outlook of this super group’s conservative at best;
The charges are based on “mandated reporter” laws, which require school officials, clergy and virtually anyone with access to and control over a child to immediately alert child protective services and law enforcement if they have any reason to suspect abuse or child endangerment.
“Sometimes I think people mistake hurt for anger,” said Ms. Holmes, the alderwoman. “And it’s not anger. It’s just hurt.”
So I got out some yummy pink Bazzill card stock to cover the box, added my very favorite adhesive, Be Creative Tape from Elizabeth Craft designs and then used some of SRM's new Border stickers Baby Girl design to decorate the box. Easy peasy!
Then I came up with an idea to convert one of my glass insulators into a shade to replace a pendant light that I had grown tired off. I just had the local glass shop drill a hole in the top, and then Henri masterfully replaced it for me using the same hardware from our previous fixture. If you would like to do this too, I found out the hard way that only a very small and very low watt bulb (15W) will work. My use of a larger 40W bulb heated up the glass too much and caused my previously perfect insulator to sprout a sudden small crack, complete with sound effects, right before my eyes! Fortunately the light switch was handy enough for me to react quickly to stop the damage. So now the fixture has a bit more character on one side than I had planned, and that's okay with me too!
Will also reveal attempted to alter to the internet in addition to the appearance of what you wear? If you are, well begin looking but rather keep in mind the variety and find out what variety of coffee you love and also to stay with it for a little bit.
I know that many preppers tend to look at the world in terms of an “Us vs Them” survival mode – where the “Us” is those of us who are prepared to take care of ourselves after an emergency or disaster and the “Them” is all the people who didn’t prepare that now want to take our stuff . Unfortunately, this is what we have to do, survival is survival. However, the more people who are in the “Us” category, the better of all of “Us” will be.
Isn’t the issue regarding Singhvi just the same? To be blunt, Singhvi, just like NItyananda was involved in an alleged act of ‘secret’ sex, which was caught on camera. But in the case of Singhvi, the media protected him and covered up the matter brilliantly by giving him just a passing reference. There was no onslaught and the issue was hastily swept under the carpet.
who is showing Him affection, attention, love, and admiration. In addition, God is drawn
On Saturday Sister Corrêa and I planned an activity with the youth in the branch. We called it "Um Dia na Vida de um Missionário" (A day in the life of a missionary) and handed out mission calls to all of the young men and young woman, inviting them to be missionaries for the day. We decorated the chapel like the MTC and assigned companions for each one of them when they arrived. We explained to them a normal day in the life of a missionary...our schedule and rules. Then we talked to them about how they can share the gospel and practiced 2 minute street contacts.....different things that they can use to talk to people about the gospel....and then we sent them out on the streets with their companion and a empty paper to write names and addresses of people that they were found that were interested in hearing more. haha...they walked out of the chapel a little hesitant and timid, but returned full of energy and smiles and stories of all the people that they had met and talked to about the church! Most of them have already asked to go with us to teach the people that they contacted on the street. It was super fun and so great to see them catching the fire and joy of missionary work! :)
So I'm finally over my sickness and have more energy to get stuff done; namely work on art and other various activities around the house one of which includes doing away with the hideous border wallpaper in the kitchen.
We must be in our culture but not of it. And oh how hard to draw the line.
Chloe went to Corvallis for Halloween, where much fun was had by all.
Having a division of information that each pod has is bound to keep people at arms length with one another.
Scrambled States of America game
The next morning, Sokurah has done his work. Princess Parisa is discovered in her bedchamber, alive and well but shrunken to the size of a tiny doll. The Sultan, outraged and grieving, vows to reduce Bagdad to ashes to avenge this insult to his daughter. His hand is stayed only when Sinbad seeks out Sokurah and gets the sorcerer to admit that he can return the Princess to her normal size -- but only with a potion using the eggshell of the giant bird, the Roc, which is found (of course) only on Colossa. So the magician has at last extorted his expedition after all, to be led by Sinbad himself. But Sinbad fears -- knows -- that Sokurah can't be trusted, and that he will have to be kept a wary eye on.
My father is on Facebook. My mother is not. My stepfather...well, he still writes on a typewriter.
I worry no more. After e-mailing the folks at Farmer John last night, I received this response:
ODIs- 454, Runs- 18113, Avg- 45.05, 100s- 48, High- 200*
Long Version
also wanted to share a beautiful picture i got from sister Janaz
Caught in your smile, and I gather
Disclaimer: I wish I own them! sadly i only own my plot!
Since the first PvP content was added to World of Warcraft in the Vanilla patches, it has been either a sore spot or the best option for enjoying World of Warcraft's rich class system. You either hate or you love it, but no matter what your opinion, it's freaking hard and that hasn't changed one little bit since it was first introduced with Alterac Basin and Warsong Gulch five years ago.
-argumentative….but still wants to bang ya @ the end of the day
All of which is terribly sad. What cheered me up was the story my father told to my son later that evening. Aged about 10 his cousins came to stay at the chicken farm my great-grandparents ran just outside of East London.
All I really know about my doctor is that he REALLY likes working out. And he seems not to be a serial killer, so I can safely assume that he likes kittens and rainbows and unicorns and mini Godzilla.
*Hint: Use unorthodox materials to learn how to write! Finger paint the letters, laminate a piece of paper and give your child a dry-erase marker, write in the sand at the beach or in a sandbox, make a letter with cheerios or veggies during meals…
Indigo purred, and dipped her head in agreement. "Let us take you home. You have earned a long rest."
Accessories: ribbon, Prima petal pin, pearls
Since the sighting I have kept my camera real close, and an intensely open eye. Seventy-three eaglets were obtained from Wisconsin and Alaska during the years of 1985 through 1989 and brought to Indiana. There’s also a small population that winters in the state from November to March, so hopefully I will have the privilege of siting the bald eagle again.
I hope, I desperately hope that we are not yet too far gone, even if Mark Steyn has already written us off, but I will close by asking that Americans keep a close eye on what is happening to Europe and Britain, and call a halt today, immediately, right now, to any further demographic or ideological growth of Islam in the Land of the Free. I implore you not to make the same foolish mistakes that our naive or treacherous European politicians have made.
I followed the pattern for the jacket pretty closely. I always make a mockup first and it fit pretty well the first time with a few adjustments. Im dont even think I had to read the instructions more than once. It was pretty straightforward. I think I shortened the sleeves and lowered the front, then further squared off the front of the bodice. I used hooks and eyes to fasten the front. When I was done with the dress, Kellsie took some of the extra fabric flowers and made a veiled headpiece. She also did the beautiful embroidery on the upper bodice. Kellsie picked out her trims and I placed them where I thought they would look best. I think we did a lovely job. She had a strict budget and we used as many existing materials as we could. We reused a beautiful dress with lots of yardage in it, and we made something it much more interesting. And now she has a Victorian two pieced gown that she can reuse if she likes.I'm sure she will since she too, is a costumer and loves to dress up now and then!
The ingredients are really simple and use bits and pieces that you probably have in the house already.
"Well it doesn't matter," Bill said, "You're fired Miller. Get your ass out of here."
AAdvantage double mile offer is valid on Japan Airlines operated nonstop flights for travel between Boston (BOS) and Tokyo (NRT) from April 22, 2012 through June 30, 2012. Includes travel on codeshare flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Japan Airlines (booked under the AA flight number). Offer applies only to AAdvantage members who purchase and fly on purchased, published Business Class fares booked in J, R, D or I; Economy Class fares booked in Y, W, B, H, K, M, L, V or S on American Airlines marketed flights; Business Class fares booked in J, C, D, X or I; Economy Class fares booked in Y, W, B, E, H, K, M, L, V or S on Japan Airlines operated flights. Bonus miles do not count toward elite status qualification. Double miles will be calculated at 100% of the base miles earned. Registration prior to travel is required.
"It was kind of fun running as a big group through town while everyone is eating dinner and staring at us like we’re crazy," explains Jenny Lewis, CEO of Strike Brewing. Right now about 10-12 show up and that number is expected to triple in the summer. This group also does a longer run, 8-12 miles on Saturday mornings on the trail.
Just calmly explain that you were just greatly inspired by a blog friend
In the meantime – while a stiff corpse, believed to be that of Gaddafi, is buried in some secret location, the socialist-democratic-agenda will be relentlessly pushed globally, using “The People” as cheap foot soldiers in a series of “peaceful” exercises, because this method of warfare has proved to be most successful in bringing down regimes that are opposing the policies and procedures of the ‘Masters of Darkness’.
They understand what’s going on around them by relating it to an allegory – they might do this either consciously or sub-consciously. They’re the people who will most likely take a personal problem or current event, and try to explain that its root cause is society!
“Let there be light”
My engagement with certain select sources is improvisational. I pick something up from my library that catches my eye and spend time thinking about it. There is no real goal in any of this, apart from dealing with an intimate necessity. There are no ‘rewards’. Ideas may spread and generate more reflection, and this may be regarded as positive. I will not be referring to famous scholars to back up any of my claims. My intention is simply to apply my own critical sense upon readings that have stimulated it. Any sense of epistemological disruption or destruction is part of your own interpretation. Language is the ultimate boundary.
-Electro-colloidal micro-water increases blood alkalinity
I believe what hits me so hard about this confession is a funeral we attended about six months ago. It was for someone Dave used to work with, they had been friends a few years back, hadn’t had much contact over the past couple of years. He was a Christian man, only a few years older than Dave and I, had a wife and adult children. His death was sudden. We knew he’d battled depression the past few years, even had to stop working for a short
The voice chuckled again, deeper this time. “Does anyone really have a choice, Agent Brooks?” The voice paused. “Goodnight”
Troy Davis was executed last night in Georgia for the murder of an off-duty police officer 20 years ago. Was he guilty? A jury said so originally. There was little or no actual physical evidence against Davis. He was clearly there and an array of eye witnesses fingered him as the shooter. Since then, however, at least seven of those witnesses have recanted, most also claiming they had been pressured by police to testify as they had.
show details 10/3/09
Immediately after The Flintstones ended its seven-year run (1960-1966) as the first animated show on American prime-time television, work began on "The Man Called Flintstone" the first and only big screen appearance of “The Modern Stone Age Family.” Alan Reed (Fred), Mel Blanc (Barney), Jean vanDer Pyl (Wilma) and Gerry Johnson (Betty) were all brought back to reprise their TV roles for the motion picture, which was written, by Ray Allen and Harvey Bullock. The film was aimed at capitalizing on the success of the original show and to be a spoof of the popular James Bond films. The film was part musical, part Flintstone and a good chunk 007. The film was released in August of 1966 and was minor success at the box office. The film did however have a second life as a matinee feature following its initial release.
The Discount Deals are fashioned for just about all. There tend to be computer, visual therapy, software as well as generally anything else. all day, these Daily Deals can be found by a large number of companies. Nevertheless, many individuals fail to get at find away where wherever such deals are now being offered from. Where it’s possible to get the most recent Discount Deals reaches Amazon.
April Prediction: 10-4
Both of my kids have always loved helping me in the kitchen. When my son was young he always wanted to help me cook. Unfortunately my life was too rushed and chaotic back then for me to take the time to let him cook along beside me for more than a second or two. If only I had known then what I know now about those precious moments together that got pushed aside...
Do your homework, do your legwork, but whatever you do don’t assume that you’ll never have to deal with threats like these. Society has fostered a false sense of security among folks that “Oh that’ll never happen to me” and I’ve heard that over and over again in a lot of reports from victims of organized violent groups.
When will urban or national infrastructure simply become another form of advertisement?
Ready and waiting for Xmas Night!
But I can say it's Alice in Wonderland logic. Isn't it?
“I have plans tomorrow, but do you want to try for Saturday?” He answered. I took a few deep breaths and started to type,
My last post I was super jolly, I am happy with my new career. My skating is improving, so everything is going well THERE JUST HAS TO BE SOMETHING THAT GOES WRONG. Well my date and I are no more...Maybe its karma, maybe I am cursed or maybe I am destined to be alone forever. My friends told me that at this moment I should just be by myself...I need me time. BUT I FEEL SOO ALONE. WTF is wrong with me. It doesn't help that on Monday I have my Grandfathers' funeral...I am mourning my Grandfather. IT SUCKS WHY NOW, my life was going so well...AM I CURSED...AM I?...
Rose water, made from rose oil used in asian and middle eastern cuisine while "Rose Syrup" is an extract from rose petals which french is known for it, this french rose syrup is used to make rose scones and marshmallows in the united states, rose hips are occasionally made into jam, jelly, and marmalade.
“Anna, would you get me a towel please?”
“Michael’s exercises require new coordination patterns,” says Martin. “They seem to mix a challenging posture requiring balance together with a limb movement. This may be similar to creating a cognitive reserve by learning a new language later in life, or learning to play a musical instrument. The exercises likely drive more neural activity in more parts of the brain. This can strengthen neural connections in the action systems of the brain. Perhaps, the more you need to think during a complex movement, the more you recruit connections in the cognitive systems of the brain. While speculative, this may be a way for exercises that require you to think about your moves to benefit parts of the brain for memory and for learning facts.”
The original plan was to put the old shower door back on, but we realized pretty quickly that would look like doo-doo against our shiny new subway tile. So our genius contractor found a glass guy able to make a frameless shower door for half the cost. Whoop! Whoop! Unfortunately, we're now on his time frame....which means this is what the shower still looks like, two months later.
Vanessa/Ade- Vanessa finds Ade going through her purse/phone and Ade tells her she knows Vanessa sabotaged her meeting. Vanessa tries to talk her way out of the situation and says she won’t tell Liam about this and won’t be so understanding next time. Meanwhile, Ade shows Liam the headshot of the woman he saved and tells him about Vanessa. Liam confronts Vanessa about the issue at the festival and she tells him Ade is crazy and has it out for her. Vanessa goes into Ade’s trailer and says she warned her. Vanessa then breaks a glass, smashes her head into a mirror, and screams for help. Liam and Dixon show up, and Vanessa tells them that Ade went crazy and attacked her. Ade tries to tell them that Vanessa did it to herself, but Vanessa brings up the purse incident which doesn’t help Ade’s case at all. Ade has to go to security for questioning afterwards, which causes her to miss performing with Dixon.
Life is short. Take it easy, anyone?
Greetings, Kids. Snack foods have come up twice this morning, thus inspiring this list. Now, bear in mind, as with ALL my lists, these aren't necessarily "top" five or "only" five. Just five of what could be many. So please, by all means, add your picks to the list every week. It just may inspire a follow-up down the road!
I made a CARD. Yup. I pulled out the paper and glue, and made a card. (Actually made two, but you'll have to go to my blog to see the other one.)
Me: o_0
That’ll be 1,300 miles this year, an average of 25 miles a week. It’s still not quite double what I ran in 2010 (683 x 2 = 1,366 miles), but a good number of miles anyway.
Pastry Cream:
Hugs Juls
These demos are pretty raw and formative, but show obvious signs of the greatness that was to emerge later.
Survivor Eye of the Tiger US
This edition is “Obama heavy” given recent events.
Although World War II and other projects put Disney’s theme park on the back burner for many years, Disney continued to dream about his future park. In 1953, Walt Disney was finally ready to start on what would become known as Disneyland.
Allow me to explain:
Sound familiar? It certainly does to me. It’s what everyone always tells me. It’s what everybody is being told all the time. It’s what all mentors, all handbooks, all guides say: Set achievable goals. Work out what you have to do to get there. Sit down and do it. Don’t stop until you’re there.
8. If you won $20,000 cash -- how would you spend it? hmm...my stepdaughter is turning 16, would buy her a car, take the family down to Disney, and save any left over!
48 hours later we were on the other side of the country accepting condolences from family and friends at her visitation. The whole trip there I was wide awake mulling over what I was going to say to not only my husband but to his immediate family whom we haven’t seen in years…
America has lost most things but its bigness. Its buildings may no longer be as big as they used to be, and the bigness is no longer a national ambition, but it is the last thing that the Everycity has retained. It is still the place where you can get rich, where you can get famous, where a boy from Indonesia can make it to the highest office in the land, where anyone with a good story or a good jump shot still has a shot at the big time.
This is one of those tweener grammar issues. You no doubt remember the "Think Different" campaign for Apple. That was legitimate--they were not telling us to think in another way, but rather, to think about what it means to be different. It's a slight difference in construction, but a big difference in meaning. It's much better to be encouraged to think about the world-changing outliers than it is to be told the way you're currently thinking is faulty.
Millions of people from around the world followed their story for months and watched as each man resurfaced and greeted their loved ones. The whole world had prayed for these men as they endured unimaginable circumstances day in and day out. The family and friends of the miners hoped beyond hope that the miners would be rescued. They set up “Camp Esperanza” or “Camp Hope” at the site, praying for a miracle. A miracle happened.
"I hit my ear on the boom of my truck and broke the headset of my phone," Mr. Gardner said.
All in all, I am ready to start over, make some changes, and get down to business. No more big upheavals, no more animals, and more writing, jewelry, and enjoying life.
‘I must admit,’ Mrs God carries on, her expression softening. ‘If you hadn’t stuck, stubbornly, to your cubist teachings it would’ve been a lot harder to clean up.’ She turns back to the Aga and dunks the ladle back in the bubbling gravy pan before turning to give her husband a warm hug.
But our strength is like a parachute: If you go skydiving you rely on your parachute to save you from the fall, but if it fails you know not to expect a soft landing.
in a moment of weakness, i gave into my natural inclination towards cast-on-initis and started a coral and cream triangle loop (because there isn’t enough coral in my life already, i guess?):
And another. This one's a very different sounding score from what is usually expected from Bappi Lahiri though; there's nothing bombastic or cheesy or even loud to be found on 'Kamla'. Perhaps it was decided that for a film dealing with modern-day domestic slavery, a more subdued tone would be appropriate. To his credit, Bappi pulls it off just fine - it's a soundtrack well worth a few listens.
I don't mean to overplay the possible political interpretations here – although I do want to say again that I simply cannot read stories like this without wondering what might be at stake in the acceptance of their conclusions, and if there isn't a certain amount of wish-fulfillment going on (finally, Europe is the center once again!) – but do check out the original short article for more.
Well bless my Star Wars! All that tassel twirling and shimmy-shimmy of burlesque, at times it seems you can’t turn around with a eyeful of curves hitting you at full speed in this town. Not that I’m complaining. But I must admit, I’ve always been concerned – when do the sci-fi aficionados get their very own night of burlesque beauties? …Leave it to Bombshell Betty to heed my heart-felt cry for our darling and economically life-affirming nerds (you know we’re a cradle for Tech 2.0 or whatever, right?). Strutting the stage on a very special night at the Elbo Room (Tues/14) will be any number of ladies loving the heroes, the bad guys, the technology, the far-fetched cleavage of the sci-fi genre that you would think just begs for a little more spec-ta-ta-tacular exploitation…
Where was I ?
This wasn't my favorite red/amber/copper ale, but it wasn't the worst. You could smell the sweet and toasty caramel malt and maybe a bit of the hops, but it was tough to smell it over the malt. Has a "gasp" copper color...
So here’s to getting older! I think if nothing else, age has helped me become a little wiser, a little calmer (just ask my mom … or my high school friends), and a little more flexible. No, life is never going to be perfect. But I like to think that although I’m still not exactly where I want to be, I’m on my way.
Well we think that the, the proposal has been put forward which is to say that unless the action you take as a homeowner is grossly disproportionate, so you’re raising the bar effectively, that that will be a good step forward. Now if you can find a different -
Turns out it’s middle of nowhere Spain. On my letter it gave me an address to a school which said Canjáyar (Almeria). I googled Almeria, which is right on the Mediterranean Coast. Yesss!!!! Then I put in the address of the school and the map zoomed over to a little dot quite some distance from the beach. No that can’t be right. It was, the name of the town is Canjáyar, population 1,500, only accessible by a 1 hour and 20 minute bus ride. Middle of nowhere Spain it is.
I am pleased to hear that the explanation only makes the whole thing more charming, if no more coherent. I recommend you try a bottle, should you see it. Another wonderful mold-breaking beer from Belgium, and only a smeirlap would fail to see that.
And so I head further down the beach, down to near a place we’re a small wooded area opens up and pushes inland for perhaps a half mile or so.
In no particular order here are the lessons I learned:
But enough about money already! What about the taste?
So I know other people who talk about writing in gratitude journals, taking walks at sunrise for inspiration, taking time to think and ponder on the meaning of life, finding time to exercise, wanting to make sure that they spend as much time as they can as a family without TV, video, or computer. I feel a pang of guilt, because I feel I am not being a deep person, not making life meaningful for my children, not facilitating their sense of self and spirituality. I feel guilty that I'm not spending more time with them.
But prosecutors said Vanvlerah exercised free will when she started communicating online with Kyle and sharing child pornography. She also carved his name into her arm at his request but refused when he suggested bestiality.
Here is a sneak peak of Sjors.
Quite honestly, when it came to trying to describe this ale's flavour - I repeatedly started giggling. I wouldn't be at all surprised if that was exactly the reaction Dark Star had in mind when they were conjuring up this recipe, because very little about what these guys do seems to happen by accident.
– Nashville Gives Tough Sentences To Homeless: Is It Fair?
Before all the holiday craziness, my little Jackson turned three and we celebrated by throwing him a robot party. I'm not quite sure why I chose that theme since Jackson told me numerous times before the party that he wanted a Cars 2 birthday and NOT a robot party, but the plans were already in progress and by the end of his birthday he liked robots.
But upon closer inspection, it is actually covered in carvings of the Saviors life. The building depicts every main event in Christ's life that we read in the New Testament. It was very very beautiful.
Alright, this is what made me think of posting again. I recently had this beer at lunch in a pretty nice restaurant in Houston, and thought I should start putting things down here again. I remember when this brewery just announced that it was opening, and I thought it was a stupid name. Still do. Like someone couldn't let go of the Renaissance Festival or something. Then I looked up the website, and their artwork is the same. A mix of Renaissance Fair and goth, with a little steam punk thrown in on one logo. Whatever it is, I don't like it.
"I always am," March Hare said.
In it, she was talking about the Nutcracker. I wrote such a long comment that I won't replicate it here (you can read it on her comments) about my happy childhood memories of the Nutcracker, and how now, when I'm in England - I've seen such AMAZING performances, with the Royal Ballet, or at Covent Garden.. and the start of certain songs brings out this automatic, visceral, Pavlovian response of tears of joy. Memories of being so young - one bright and shiny white Christmas, I couldn't have been older than 6, maybe 5, and my sister two years younger, and my parents gave us (or rather, Santa did) the most perfect, authentic, pale pink satin tutus, and matching ballet shoes. And they bought a stereo record of the Nutcracker suite, put it on the new modern wall hung stereo unit in the danish modern living room, all designer decorated, looking very Jonathan Adler in shades of blue, aqua, indigo, purple and green, with white, and we danced and danced and my father took colour slides.. images that I want to do now, as paintings, inspired by Degas.
“Alright, Xi. Let's get down to business.”
Life was not always this bad for Emma and she did not start out her life disabled; in fact she used to be a normal, cheeky little girl who enjoyed toddling around and playing with her toys. Sadly however, despite being born a normal baby Emma was constantly ill, suffering from a weakened immune system resulting in persistent infections requiring antibiotics for weeks on end.
I see a grown man and a child. It would appear that any disparity of force would be in Martin's favor, not Zimmerman's, and it would take such a disparity of force to justify lethal force against an unarmed person. It would be hard for me to believe, going by the limited photographic evidence, that there wasn't probable cause that Zimmerman failed to act within the self defense statutes. So what did the police find that the public isn't seeing?**
A short time after the Council voted, the Kestenbaums sold the warehouse, which takes up an entire block, to the real estate company J.M.H. Development. Then representatives of that company, saying that the building was not an eyesore after all, announced in December that it had granted a national preservation group the right to preserve the building’s exterior in perpetuity. The warehouse is now being restored and is scheduled to open for rental tenants this summer.
Here I am – ready to go.
EVEN IF THEY WON'T EAT IT, THEY STILL MIGHT WANT TO TOUCH IT.
But the love of horses continued ...
The Brooks Pure Project are similar to the Newtons in that they have a very low heel-to-toe drop. I'm a life-long heel striker converting to a mid/forefoot striker over the last couple years. So, my calves etc are not quite built up for this new gait. This RW note supports my suspicions about my recklessness with the PureFlows. Please learn from my mistakes!
For some reason, those parts of the movie in particular, hit me like a ton of bricks. There have been times in my life I have been stuck in situations that I didn’t like, but I stayed out of fear of trying and failing even more miserably.
Okay so, as gyaru we often get bitched about and talked about behind our backs.
Colorful Pasta Salad
I don't make Thanksgiving, Christmas or Easter treats ahead of time to post about because honestly I am just too distracted with life to get my act together on time. But hey, you never know, maybe next year.
More than a dozen top blogs, including Mashable, The Official Google Blog, TMZ,
A couple of weeks ago I was chatting with someone who I shall refer to as Mrs. Blind. During the course of this conversation, she told me that her husband had just finished his first book and it had only taken him a few months to write. I remarked something like now the fun part, revisions. Mrs. Blind gave me a curious look before informing me that Mr. Blind had already begun trying to get it published. Suddenly I knew what it felt like to be an emergency room nurse as question after question tumbled from my mouth as I tried to come up with a diagnosis. Some reason as to why Mr. Blind had sent out a first draft. However, it only took one question from Mrs. Blind to force me to stop, “I thought you just had a blog you do for free?” After I fixed my face with a polite smile, I gathered my child and excused myself. It was then that I realized that she, like her husband, was blind to the true inner workings of the publishing world.
Thank YOU for sharing your work, yourself, your soul (that’s poems for you!) I have had a great month, reading folks I generally follow and an unexpected and fabulous flourish of new folk.
On the way back to my room, I asked, so whats going on, and they said that theyre sending an ambulance. I said, Im not going and went and sat down on my bed, all bouncing again and hugged my blanket into me. I didnt care what anyone said, or if it was what was best for me, I was not going to the emergency room, I was not going to go through that again. I sat here in anticipation, knowing that there could be no way that I would not be going, but in my head even still, I was not going, period, end of story.
Have a solid
Uncommon Goods, $19.50US for a set of nine
The Pearl Care Section focuses on the care of freshwater pearls and advises on cleaning and the best way to store pearls. The Silver Care section again, offers helpful advice on cleaning 925 sterling silver and ways of avoiding silver tarnishing.
I have seen people I know along with strangers come together in love and compassion to help the less fortunate this Christmas season. My heart leapt for joy every time I saw a new donation for the homeless and needy children. That is truly a gift; a compassion flowing forth to those who need help, need love spread all over them, need the touch of Christ from another fellow human being. May this keep going on month after month.
Thursday - school
Thinking of all of you on this International Bereaved Mother's Day.
While I enjoy these luxuries and will continue to enjoy them for as long as I can (hopefully forever), in the back of my mind I am preparing for the worse. Everyday I turn on the news and listen to reports drone back and forth over the current worsening state of our economy. I worry about the lack of fiscal responsibility in our government, defaulting on our debit, and what that really means for everyone in the United States as we plunge further into a third world economy.
“I love Bone, Bone is great!”
I have a long weekend (full days on consecutive Friday, Saturday, Sunday & Monday) followed by one evening class for four weeks. And that's per each module (12 in total across two years).
At the very least, what harm can it do to imagine the possibilities?
swinging back and forth, in and out
- your name and address
That everyone he loved
A Partial History of Lost Causes by Jennifer Dubois Contest Winner!
Wendy's has been including small versions of games in their kids' meals and along with the game is an advertisement for one full size version of the game for free with the purchase of one full size game.
We're all flawed. People are flawed.
Last night, a table of two ladies (that weren't mine) were staring at me. I went over and asked if they needed something.
Beware, however, also of a really big publisher publishing your book. No matter how good your work if it is early work it will probably sell less well than that of an established writer. And even if it sells well because the organisers of the competition market well, it may not be received all that well. The big publishing houses show little mercy. If your work does not do well, they’ll never publish you again and you’ll possibly have less chance than complete unknowns of being taken on by any other big publishing house.
E 153 38
Open the Mac App Store from the Dock and purchase Lion for $29.99.* The installer will download to the Dock and automatically launch.
looking for four leaf clovers.
Is it my destiny, my fate?
Northern Brewer – 30 mins
- "abstinence" is a "sex position"
I am not sure if I was cutting the yardage, I would have cut them as skinny and as tiny as some of them I ended up with. The standard quilting and cutting measurements are so easy to work with that it is difficult to cut skinny strips on purpose.
First, only when you truly face the pain and enter into it can you experience deeply the healing power of hope in the promises of God. You can walk away from the pain, but you’re also walking away from experiencing the healing of Christ in your sadness. So don’t run from what God has ordained for your life as both the striking blow of despair and, in time, the healing balm of hope in the Resurrection, Jesus himself. Weep. Cry. Acknowledge the ache that won’t go away, the thoughts of sadness that make each day feel like a numbing blur. And when you do, cry out to God. Run to the One who knows agony and life afterward.
Go West: We Close Our Eyes
"Whatever. Send me the screener."
for her, it's land in montana and after reading her description of her childhood memories there i could practically taste the fresh air of the great outdoors and hear the crackle of a campfire.
Next take the darker of your two colours - in my case R24 - and flick in the colour from one side.
All that flies straight out the window when you have a large man sitting in a chair with his face 18 inches from your crotch, who says in a thick Caribbean accent, "Please drop your pants."
Week’s Worst:
'The rugby players were the worst,' she says. 'But because of feminism, you're expected, as a woman, to keep up with them. The guys set a precedent and you have to follow. That's what drives the whole ladette culture. Women believing they have to be equal in every single way.'
shows you never know what is on your own doorstep. These ponderings (Ponders End anyone?) and our proximity to Brimsdown station marked the ‘compleation’ of the trip for us – a journey which had lasted 55 minutes.
Wow, number 4 already, time is flying isn't it. This Freaky looking little Mouse definitely has something on it's mind... but I for one, am not keen on asking....
Hi! fellow bloggers,
Friday, Bennie and I touched down in Burlington. That involved a most amazing brunch at Penny Cluse, complete with zucchini bread French toast (you heard me), covered in a honey ricotta and orange zest. Uh-mazing.
For my tags I used old book covers as the tag base. I buy used books for the inside pages, but I save the covers for future projects. Since the covers are harder than chipboard, I didn't want to chance ruining my tag die, so I cut them out with a craft knife, using a chipboard tag as a template.
I feel a connection to both sides of the argument; I think this is one of the reasons why I love baseball so much -- because I find both sides of the argument so enjoyable. I love that there are people out there arguing Mike Cameron over Jim Rice because it's counterintuitive and maddening and filled with logical jabs that are surprisingly difficult to fend off. But I also I love that there are people like Charlie out there who are passionate and outraged and filled with the indignant love of a baseball fan who knows in the gut what is right and what's ludicrous.
Was decent, true and wise—
Next up is Recipe #7 “Tempura Beet Rollatini with Balsamic Gastrique.” Be on the look out for more of Mom – she’s a beet lover through and through. It would be ludicrous not to feed her this one.
there was family here, says the grooves worn into the road.
So what that we are repeating the obvious, as if it were something terrific and worth dialoguing about? The big deal or poisonous part of all this is that our focus is now on packaging life in place of living of it.
I'm the one you'll meet after the one you know now
Romney's certainly lost the most support because of Perry's entry into the race, dropping 14 points from 30% on our June poll to now 16%. But pretty much everyone else has lost ground too. Gingrich is down 7 points from 15% to 8%, Cain is down 6 points from 15% to 9%, and Paul is down 5 points from 10% to 5%. The only folks who have held steady are Bachmann at 13% and Huntsman at 2% on both of these polls.
Sometimes, they're beer bars. OK, wait, that's pretty often.
Life is hard but does it have to be dull? Does it have to be routine, predictable- boring? Must you always have to be told what to do, when to do it, how to do it-following orders like a lackey?
behind the wall is an ice rink
ALEC stands for the American Legislative Exchange Council. I have been aware of ALEC for years because I am basically socially liberal, so I like to read sites like the DailyKos. Kos has been writing about ALEC for years now so I had a pretty good primer on what they do and what their activities consist of before happening across this article by Diane Ravitch on the Common Dreams web-site.
1) Answer the questions on your own blog.
I am so glad I made the switch. If things keep going this well, maybe I'll never have to 'Poo again!
Gasser Lounge (Redondo Beach): Drink-o de Cinco at Gasser will feature $2 Tecates, $5 Patron shots, and $9 28-oz Margs. No, you did not read that wrong, the prices are really that cheap and amazing. Their flyer for the event, as always, is also amazing. Not sure what time this party starts, but we’re just going to assume at their standard opening hour. ‘Eat the Worm’ challenge at midnight (not sure what it entails, but sounds slimy and slippery.)
We had a visit from a cyclone over the weekend. It wasn’t as dramatic as I expected it to be, although it was very windy on Sunday as the cyclone passed through from Mauritius before moving on to Madagascar. It’s also been very rainy over the last few days – it’s an odd kind of rain because it’s warm and leaves you feeling unpleasantly sticky.
So, let the fun began!
11. The Miss Lonelyhearts of the New York Post-Dispatch (Are you in trouble?—Do-you-need-advice?—Write-to-Miss-Lonelyhearts-and-she-will-help-you) sat at his desk and stared at a piece of white cardboard. —Nathanael West, Miss Lonelyhearts (1933)
2. Once by Morris Gleitzman
Biologically men will want a woman they think can produce healthy children and women want the same with the added instinct of knowing he can take care of those children. That doesn’t mean men and woman always end up with their best biological matches, but when men or women are around those types of the opposite sex there will certainly be an attraction.
Next up is the distinctly un-cheerful Christmas Cheer, with words by song-poet Joan Tomaini. I believe Joan is being thoroughly altruistic in asking her listeners to think of those less fortunate than themselves during the Christmas period, but the line ‘does anyone ever think of those whose life compares to a dead rose’ has me in stitches.
Pop songs promising a catalogue of horizontal delights pump out of the doorways of shops selling dildos and cheap knickers in the early mornings. Men hold hands with their husbands in SoHo. Wall Street workers in skirt suits jostle on the subway with excited teenagers in
I don't hide my feminism and I don't flinch from the "truth-telling" side of fiction, ie delving into difficult subjects such as family violence, for fear of alienating male readers. I tell the truth about my characters' lives.
He specially dislikes his rider, Corporal Samuel Perkins, sort of a macho show-off who is feared by the other soldiers; although he doesn't beat Joey or lose his temper with him, he is not above whipping him to keep him going. Joey claims that his only "consolation" during this period is Captain Nicholls, who has held to his promise to take good care of him, and has even started sketching Joey as a hobby.
If it was the Paul Simon song I was referring to I wouldn't be quite as sore.
-Position yourself to the first floor’s window who is facing the enemy spawn. You’ll be able to take out several enemy snipers as well as both mounted MG’s.
Pythagoras’ name first popped up when I learned about geometry. And it popped up again when I delved a little into classical philosophy and theories of music in my early 20s (and by delve I mean the reading equivalent of finger food).
■Stamps will be available for sale following the reveal Thursday night!
Though his choice of music is pretty conventional—Schubert, Bach, Strauss (but also some Indonesian stuff)—the interview is fascinating, with many insights into Attenborough’s life, work, and travel. The guy is 85 years old and is still going strong. And I’m extremely jealous, for I’d love to have his job.
And then there is the rhythmic creativity - Carter has the ability to fundamentally change the perception of the listener with just a slight shifting of where he is in the bar, or even in the beat. He will take a phrase and shift it backwards or forwards by a tiny amount, and the whole landscape changes. You can be suddenly taken outside your comfort zone by one one of these little rhythmic tweaks and kept out there until such time as he decides to, (almost always majestically, and at the perfect moment), resolve it and bring everyone home safely. He is a master of this, and I think his contribution to the Miles Quintet is extremely underrated. Yes Herbie, Tony and Wayne were amazing - but this band couldn't have achieved what they did with any other bassist.
And without really entering her world
I now have my first ever Dreadsteed, the Level 40 Warlock mount! He is so pretty! Æthelwúlf had a fairly easy time of March. Mostly, he leveled through Western Plaguelands, and made friends with the fledgling Druid, Zen’kiki.
I left the stems of the foliage raw to create definition .
From Reflections of a Newsosaur, Dec. 13, 2011:
Ingredients – cold boiled salmon, lettuce, cucumber, beetroot, gherkins, capers, boned anchovies, hard-boiled eggs, Mayonnaise sauce.
Okay, I'm seeing that because I'm looking for it, to some extent, but I was looking for it four years ago, too, and it wasn't there. It's here to see now, and it is growing, and some of that's because the beers – like Yards Brawler, and Notch Pilsner, and Stone Levitation – are so good that we tend not to notice that they're so low in alcohol. Chris did a Notch Saison this summer that clocked in well below 4.0%, and it flew, though I suspect most
TV host: Today, we will talk about a Saudi Islamic scholar, who appeared on TV. This was a very strange event, which I will recap briefly. This was a televised lecture by a Saudi Islamic scholar, in which he described the black-eyed virgins of Paradise in explicit sexual terms. The sheik described the life of comfort that Allah awards Muslim men in Paradise and the 70 black-eyed virgins who would fall all over him. The sheik described the beauty of these virgins and their sexual drive: “One would place her lips on his, another would lay her cheek against his, and a third would place her breasts on his chest.”
How to Spot One in a Crowd: He’s a man of great girth who thinks himself smarter than he is. He will often try to preach to and/or smash you.
An extremely important example of when to manage expectations is with children. Managing expectations is a huge part of parenting. However this pales in comparison to the far more grave responsibility of managing the expectations of the much larger equivalents of children…..adults. Everyone at every age is susceptible to all of these effects, however ignorant, scared or maladjusted people can have these effects magnified. Unfortunately to many Americans, hearing the word ignorant has the automatic connotation of willful ignorance, usually based on prejudice. This differs greatly from many places in the 3rd world where you encounter more generalized ignorance, usually based on poor education and lack of resources. This type of ignorance (like other types) is often accompanied by fear. People are scared of the unknown, and a looming unknown invites any number of elevated expectations in all directions. If it is part of your job (Peace Corps volunteer, community relations ex-pat etc) to deal with ignorant populations, it becomes imperative to preemptively assuage any fear or confusion and ground expectations. Something I have learned from living down here is that the smaller the community, the worse they transmit information. I am obligated to communicate something to either the entire community, or no one. If I only tell a small group of people a plan, wage, or any other type of job specification, by the time it reaches the other members of the community it is distorted and corrupted beyond belief.
These are the hands that will give you strength when you need it.
After my granddad’s death, ownership and responsibility of the farm automatically went to his eldest son (my uncle), who became a great and wonderful mentor in my life. I can recall many adventures from my early days on that serene bushveld-farm, where I learned the fine art of shooting, hunting, fishing, and gazing at the awesome beauty of the night sky, miles away from city lights.
“No more foggy than yours.”
They said
1976: Tony Perez (DNP)
In the name of everlasting love then, here are some top tips to help you keep issues in perspective:
Feldon
All rights reserved. Do not use or reproduce without permission of Wim Van Hooste.
Gradually add dry ingredients and mix well. Let stand a few minutes to moisten the flours. Fold dates into the dough.
recall memories of that time with the fondness I do of previous love
"Oh, I see. Well, I'm really sorry about that... how many people do you have to get today?"
To which most unschooling parents respond by blinking and looking around, wondering if their homes and children are actually holograms and they've somehow failed to notice until it was pointed out to them. "Isn't this real?" is the usual - and logically sound - protest.
93. Psychics can see the color of time it's blue. —Ronald Sukenick, Blown Away (1986)
PRIVATE SAMMIE E. MIXON
It was his first time to stay the night with her, without me or any cousins and though he really wanted to go-- he is his mother's child.
“We’re seeing the age of the specialty worker expanding,” Dacri says. “Companies are running leaner, so they want to focus on their core business and bring in people when they’re needed.”
Bring on the half, my friends. I think my head’s finally in the game.
Well, it totally does, right? Gaaah! I tried to do the stretched canvas approach, whereby I streched the fabric across the opening on the back and stapled it in place, and used the gimp trim to cover up the staples. Bad idea.
5. I love Paris. I adore it. I even like Parisians, even thought everyone else in France sort of hate them. It’s a pity with the pollution, the stress and the largely over priced cup of coffee. But… nothing is perfect! And love is blind and probably makes you immune to toxic fumes.
Savard: Nicknames, nicknames. Now, on the St. Louis team – we have Who’s in goals, What’s on left wing and I Don’t Know is the center …
Sometimes, it's easier and quicker for me to list the reasons why I didn't kill myself than to list the reasons why I thought about it. My home life was, for the most part, pretty good. It had ups and downs, of course, but even on the hardest days I never thought about killing myself. No, my reasons had more to do with things outside the home. There were a ton of reasons. Maybe some of these sound familiar:
The microchip has 1,500 light sensitive pixels which take over the function of the retina’s photoreceptor rods and cones.
Because of the discussion with the US dollar issue, We started the day-tour a bit late. I think that was an hour before lunch-time. As far as I can remember, there were 5-6 places in our itinerary but we are not pretty sure if we will be able to visit everything because we don’t have enough time. Most of the travel time taks about 1-2 hours. The day-trip tour cost about 500,000Rupiah for the entire van rent but gasoline and toll fees not included.
Of course I am joking, and I do not mean to make light of anyone’s unhappiness, but – those rooms did feel extremely oppressive and confining, and we were only there for a few moments.
1 new film graced this weeks chart and it was very obvious even to a person living in a hole that it was going to go straight into the number one spot taking an insane amount of money and that film is Avengers Assemble.
and daughter, along with their various off-spring in attendance. Some of us too are starting to feel the slow advancement of the years, with the odd age-related aliment beginning to crop up
This wasn’t exactly what I had hoped meditation would provide for me!
Longsuffering – Do I keep the faith and wait patiently for God to fulfill His Word in my life?
I was perusing the Park & Bond sale the other day when I came across a nice checked shirt by Vince with a spring touch to it – an anchor pattern that wouldn’t look out of place on linen or seersucker clothing. Amazingly this shirt was 80% off AND they still had the size Medium in stock. As you may recall from my previous post, I’ve got exceptionally long arms (36 inch sleeves) which makes buying standard sized shirts an exercise in futility – either the shirt will end at my wrists or I’ll have something something billowier than muumuu. I was pleasantly surprised when the shirt arrived and it not only gave me a workable sleeve length, but the shirt was well sized around the torso. As much as I love my tailor, it isn’t easy on the wallet to have shirts taken in so there’s no obnoxious poof when shirts are tucked in. As a bonus the ladies definitely liked the shirt – its a winning day when you get multiple compliments on your attire. You mean I don’t have to blow the bank to get attention? Sign me up!
Music:
Weave the tail back in to hide.
-Raspberry Jam
If you think social computing is just about selling, or marketing, or pushing messages into just another media channel, better to forget it. Remember that social media involves relationships and two-way conversation, and that you must respect your comm­unity’s point of view to be successful. You should also be wary if your leadership plans on having others masquerade as them online. Social media is about trans­parency, not facades.
a little bird
Personally, I don't see the problem. Upton's hair is covered, so at least she's not one of those immodest women who will cause earthquakes. The great and wise Imam of Imams Hojatoleslam Kazem Sedighi can masturbate with a happy heart while enjoying his bootleg copy of "The Tree Stooges."
Later in the day, I went to S's Birthday food and drinkies which was full of fun and giggles.
At first, I was expecting a book offering tidbits of the Highclere Castle, its designs and architecture, and how its life, both upstairs and downstairs, corresponds with the TV production, etc.
The song on the radio was the Hebrew language version and I do not know its Hebrew words but I do know its melody. Below is the Spanish language version that I know from my childhood, learned from my mother, Carmen. I am my mother’s child, a rare native-born American, I am blessed with the ability to recognize the opening strains of “La Internationale”.
And you may not find any you’ll want to go down. In that case, of course, you’ll head straight out of town. It’s opener there in the wide open air.
Islam’s message: Submit or Be Conquered.
Recently I finally managed to watch director Tim Burton's version of Alice in Wonderland. More than anything else, what I really wanted to know was what the fuss was about and whether the praise heaped on the movie was fairly deserved. What stood out from the word go was that if I hadn't seen the original 1951 film, my feelings towards this recent reworking of Lewis Carroll's classic would have been somewhat ambivalent. Whereas Disney's take on the tale was based on Alice's innocence and curiosity (prevalent in the book), Burton's approach was more adult-minded. As expected, both Helena Bonham Carter and Johnny Depp stole the show with characters who were not that dissimilar from previous wacky and clownish incarnations, especially in the latter's case.
America’s police forces could do a lot to improve their relationship with the public, but often are unwilling to do so, a former Madison police chief turned Episcopal priest said Saturday.
The author and illustrator, Kathleen Rietz then take us upon a journey; a journey of a victim of cancer. From the visit to the doctor's office, testing and on to the diagnosis of cancer and the treatment, the reader follows step by step. The child learns what to expect and when to expect it. The young boy shows the typical emotions of a child in this situation; shares his thoughts with his friends, and above all, becomes Champ's caregiver. You can see the care and love radiating out form the illustrations and words.
As I started to tell my friends what I was seeing, I began to rock back and forth chanting/praying, “Please don’t let this child get beat down for having this damn shirt, please don’t let this child get beat down for having this damn shirt.”
I have also been enjoying reading and watching The Slap (a novel that has been turned into a mini series currently airing on BBC4 - check it out on iPlayer!). I started watching the show before I picked up the book, which I think is a bit of a mistake as now I can't get the actors out of my head, but nevertheless it is very very good drama - thought-provoking, moving, beautifully shot and a refreshing take on Australian suburbia, a kind of foil to shows like Neighbours.
Until AFRICOM has a communications strategy that ensures a consistent message and facilitates two-way communication with stakeholders, it may be limited in its ability to reduce persistent concerns from U.S. government, nongovernmental, and African stakeholders and garner support for the command.
as well as this mama from Vancouver, British Columbia...
It is more like window shopping...
1 gimme
I love cowboys.
As most of you will know I have 3 children. Well I have 2 children that I gave birth to, but a few years ago I acquired a third – a 92 yr old neighbour called Walter who has variously called me fat, told me I have bad breath and asked me whether I wanted his (dead) wife’s open pack of stockings.
Thanks for the feature Amanda!
Five days later, John died. Nolan killed John and Sam.
With apparent chaos and instability, most commentators now expect the worst: Greece to officially default and leave the eurozone this summer. Possibly even leave the European Union as well.
Something x-citing is happening in our family on June 29th, a really x-hilirating something that has been nearly 40 years in the making.
The word repeated by most women frequently is probably “I’m so fat and I have to lose my weight.” As modern women, they are no longer desperate housewives only staying at home but go out with their professional career. So it is important for to keep fit and look great. And the best way to keep in shape is to exercise. After busy work, it is the right time to relax and do some sports. For women, even when doing sports, they still want to look fashion and stylish. Then why not wear women sports watches?
I usually envelope myself in my mania like a comforting blankey. But not this time. My racing thoughts are overwhelming and my low energy level is keeping me from being productive. But I'm so antsy that just laying around is making me feel crazy.
I wondered if it was me who had the problem?
Make sure you have your super-powered music that fills you with amazing strength and makes you feel invulnerable! If you’re a musician, find those pieces to play that light up your adrenal system and give you that unconquerable feeling. Now stop reading this and go to it heroes!
"Sure, no problem," I reply. I sit quietly and listen as he proceeds to skim-read my chart aloud.
For example, I really do not see what is wrong in calling Red Indians ‘Red Indians’. They are neither ‘red’ nor ‘Indian’ but neither are they ‘ethnic Americans’ (the PC description). They are no more ethnic Americans than anyone else is ethnic anything. As far as I am aware, we all came from the Rift Valley and “white” and “brown” people are just watered-down, second-rate blacks…
Ken sent me 35 of the 38 2008 Upper Deck Heroes that I needed for the base set. Anyone got #65, 67, and 179?
There are, literally, thousands of examples of this. If a private detective has a book full of telephone numbers, and those numbers include celebrities he or she hacked before, the chances are the other numbers were in there for the same purpose. If a former Chancellor tells the Chilcot committee that he kept on increasing the army budget – but the Ministry of Defence figures show he did no such thing – the chances are that man is a liar. If a police force keeps on insisting an innocent man they’ve killed is a terrorist when they know he isn’t, then the chances are it wasn’t an innocent mistake.
the bashing, the suicide, the depression,
Awww the little girl is cute with her diamond hairband.
-$2/1 Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive, Swaddlers, Cruisers, Limited Edition Prints or Extra Protection Diapers, (P&G 07/31/11)
The Who
I asked Wayne for tips on how to make the holidays special this year. He said that the holidays can be a reflective time on the past, remembering people who are no longer with us or regretting things we didn’t do or say. Wayne encourages us instead to embrace the present moment and to make a point to find opportunities and create memorable moments with those who are still in our lives. As Wayne knows firsthand, tomorrow is not always a guarantee. Today is a gift, so as Wayne reminds us, “Take a breath of life.” Celebrate and make your moments great.
So if you want to know what's happening with me; for starters you all know I was injured almost 5 yrs ago by a doctor during a "routine Procedure" and am currently suing him, well in Feb. just after getting a fire lit under my lazy lawyer's behind 2 weeks later he dropped me as a client, he finally found a legal way to drop me and i feel he has been looking to do this as soon as "work" came involved. Now it took me a year to find him and thats why I hung on because that year was not fun with all the phone calls and waiting for the rude, belittling denials of lawyer after lawyer. But, I refuse to just quit and its not an easy choice, especially since many are against me, Don't get me wrong I have a few people who are always on my side no matter what and I am thankful for them and being so supportive, but when you are bombarded with negativity and blame for the way your life is because they blame me for it its not easy, when it comes from strangers its a bit easier to ignore but from people who are supposed to be supportive and you thought they were its so much harder and brings the fight that much harder. So, on top of that my health insurance has decided to deny me for my radio frequency nerve block that worked so well and they approved back in Nov. But now in Feb. they say it doesn't work, funny because I had 2 months of such little pain compared to what I am in now and was so much more productive and making strides in improving mobility and usage of my arm. Now I am going backwards and being that my arm is in so much pain 24/7 and spasms, zingers and constant cramping and pin n needles, I am not only physically exhausted but emotionally too. So I have to go thru the appeals process, which so far is not going so well. Then to add to my dilemma, I am still trying to get disability 5 yrs later and layers (HA!) just are in it for $$ so no one wants a person who didn't make tons of $$ and just made low wages. Sorry but just cause I put raising my kids first and not a career doesn't make me any less disabled than someone who has bipolar or ADD only, when I have both and unable to use my right arm on top of it and paid into the system for years. Which would help with my medical debt, even though my insurance covers most of my bills, copays and 20% of everything adds up when you go to Doctors 4 days a week. Then the city has redistrict so now my kids are supposed to go to a different high school next year and they just started at this new one and are finally settling in and have tons of friends and so we had to fill out the form to hope they can stay there and just waiting and I have to drive my kids everyday if they do go and if gas prices don't come down I just don't know what we will do. On top of that my van is falling apart. Then well blogger has lost my posts I had scheduled and would have got me thru at least 3 weeks and maybe not feel so behind. But now I need to rewrite those posts and find my pictures or retake them. I found out recently, that I can write my posts in word and save them there. So hopefully this week I can get a few caught up on and I can get back on track with my Jolee's Series, Friday MTC/SVG Frebiee, Sketch Saturday and MY CTMH Card Kits (which I haven't even started).
So today I bought some fabric. I think Heather Mulder Peterson is fast becoming one of my favorite designers:
The machine's actual burial is like a Rachel Whiteread installation gone wrong: "In an official ceremony this week, the cutter will be sealed off by a concrete wall; the chamber will then be filled with concrete, encasing the cutter in a solid cast, Han Solo-style, so that it can serve as a support structure for the tunnel. A plaque will commemorate the site."
Bludsworth stated “we asked him (Herron) about five to 12 times to buy dog food for the animals, but he didn’t. He gave us a check one time for us to buy tin and some 2 x 4’s to put on the dog cages to fix them, but we didn’t use it. All those dogs would have been dead it was so hot….we also told him (Herron) three or four times that the bulldog was hurting the other dogs and puppies. I told him about it and he said he’d handle it.”
Temps: 56:38
DRINKA PJ. Effects of influenza vaccination of health-care workers on mortality of elderly people in long-term care: A randomized controlled trial. J Am Geriatr Soc 2000; 48: 712.
peace sign
1) Sift Icing Sugar and Almonds three times.
Its Pokedex entries all say something about the small ball storing nutrients needed to evolve, and that it’s tasty. This is one of the few references to eating Pokemon. The Platinum dex also says Starly try to peck it off, suggesting that Pokemon eat other Pokemon. I love cherries, but the small cherry ball on Cherubi has a face on it, a rather cute-looking face (like a sleeping baby), I don’t think I could eat it… Also, the fact that it has a face on it, does it mean its small ball has a brain and is a separate entity from the other part, like Girafarig, Dugtrio, Doduo etc? The Pearl and HGSS entries say stuff about draining the energy from that ball, and it shrivels up for evolution. That seems rather cruel..
-My husband, the pack rat, has been going through his collections of things in the garage. On the weekend he had another collector/retailer come out and buy a big group of his fossils, and collections. Yay...more room in the garage!
As clearly depicted in the graphics, under the tyranny of Mahathir Mohamad’s administration, the man controlled spending to keep the country’s annual deficit at about RM20 billion.
There will be 32 (!) all new eyeshadows, brushes, duo eyeshadows, new mascaras, lipglosses, powders, etcetera.
Rhubarb Muffins
The westerly winds blow ever so colder and the sun sets earlier by each day. Looking out of the windows, I notice the first golden leaves on our birch tree and the rowan in our garden is by now fully mature.
The first myths I recall were all Greek; the stories of Icarus, Pandora’s Box, King Midas, and Theseus and the Minotaur. At the age of 4 or 5, it seemed perfectly feasible that these stories were real and were all the more scary for that reason.
You have been battling bronchiolitis since Wednesday, and we are closely watching you to make sure it does not turn into RSV. You are on medicines and just feel pretty lousy. It breaks my heart! :( Hopefully soon you will return to your happy self! You have not been sleeping at night because you cough and cough all night long. Thankfully my mom came on Friday night so that I could sleep. Since I have been sitting with you all night, I had not slept in three days. I have also been very sick, so it was getting a little difficult! You and I took lots of naps this weekend, and I hope we are on the way to recovering!
Ashford Castle. Cong, Ireland. We stayed here our first night. The castle was converted into a five start hotel. The staff and service were amazing. This was by far my favorite place we went to during the entire trip. There were so many nooks and crannies to explore!
I want a BLISSful life. I think I can say with confidence that there are parts of my life that are stellar examples of that BLISSful life. I am thankful for that. I am at peace with it.
My heart swelled with pride yesterday as Adam, Allie Claire, Whitt and I stood in front of our family and friends, along with the congregation of our church, to dedicate our baby boy. What a Mother's Day it was! During the family dedication service, Adam and I basically committed to doing all we can to raise our children to love God. What a commitment! I pray and hope--hope and pray that our sweet babies will seek God with a passionate heart, and come to a saving knowledge of Him one day.
I know The Boot & Flogger in Southwark rather well – a fine establishment for getting seriously over refreshed and for the seriously over refreshed!
And that was after giving 2 of 'em a broom upside their fluffy butts because they were just standing on the perch landing - screaming their heads off - while 2 other girls were camping out in a nesting box.
pcrog027@gmail.com
The additional spending due to obesity doesn’t fall into a black hole, of course. It contributes to overall economic activity and thus to gross domestic product. But not all spending is created equal.
I stood with pride
In musty frock
The great child-soldier experiment seemed to work well for a time. McCoy put up record numbers for a freshman and was the subject of Heisman rumors. His arm was a golden gift of Zeus himself. Durant was setting records and decimating opponents. Both freshman were the faces of a UT recruiting system which harvests the best and brightest, no matter how obscure (2A Texas football) or distant (Massachussets prep school). These child-soldiers garnered more media attention than any previous freshman to play for the Empire. Yet, when great responsibility is entrusted to children, the results are always tragic.
The film is mostly situated in Auma’s home village Kogelo, near Lake Victoria in Kenya during the days before and during the election ceremony in the US.
You guessed right. I am talking about books. When I am reading, I can disappear for hours inside the pages of a good book. When I am in the company of a good book, I don’t miss human company at all. I have stayed up till 2:30 a.m at night reading thrillers.
Perhaps Mr. Todd was close to something.
I just stared at the card. I wanted to laugh, because we knew Grandma was demented even before senility hit. Now she won’t remember all the crazy shit she did. And now, here we were, celebrating Pearl Harbor Day…..on November 9th.
Now I’m not a great fan of Joyce but I am an aficionado of Beckett even if I’m not so fond of his earlier works which he wrote while he was enthralled with all things Joycean. This is how Wikipedia defines ‘Joycean’:
Remember, these are not clarifications to the rules nor official words from the publisher, just fan work.
SCC: In 35 chapters you have only 8 chapter head quotes, ranging from Peter Sansom through Brecht and Weill’s Threepenny Opera to Emma Goldman. Are you a serendipitous finder of ‘the right quote at the right moment’, or is it something you research and think about very carefully?
What all this is leading to is yesterday afternoon, when the SS received a call about an escaped horse. I don't know why they called her, but she went down and recognised the escapee as a stallion belonging to a neighbour. The beast had been trying to get to a mare, and was some way from home (the mare was a grey pony; apparently they use grey mares to get stallions in the mood at stud, which suggests gentlemen horses prefer petite blondes).
I found the most AMAZING thing today at the flea market - the shop I went to last week to pick up some books for illustrations over at Arachneas Attic had a book from 1902 on the lost art of letter writing! And, as if that weren't awesome enough - I also got a caligraphy pen from the turn of the century and an ink well to go with it.
Will two wary hearts take a chance on love before it's too late?
Yesterday, Bluhm took her petition and its going on 50,000 signatures to Seventeen’s office in New York City. Though Seventeen met with Julia, they refused to grant her request. Here is what the magazine had to say about Julia’s petition:
I stretched out so that our heads were even with each other’s knees; I said, “You have kneecaps like Botticelli’s Venus,” and that made her laugh. I planted a kiss on one of the kneecaps I’d just complimented, and leaned back on one elbow.
I swear, for just a moment, I thought I was a victim of candid camera. I looked around, waiting for a stewardess to jump out from behind the first class curtain and laugh hysterically at me, but, alas, this was no laughing matter. Seconds lingered in the air uncomfortably. I felt like I was reading his mind. He seemed much like a flasher who realized he'd left his clothes on under his trench, but was stuck in a crowd and unable to escape with his flash-ee stuck behind him in line. Eventually I managed to politely turn down the offer to "rest" between flights. (Eeeeew, still gives me the heebie-jeebies.)
Intangibles: Look, I really want to believe in Hamilton and he is certainly an intriguing player, but he has some issues he needs to clean up first. Hamilton deserves a chance and his story and remarkable perseverance and determination to make it this far despite the adversities he has faced is inspiring and something that will surely be a positive quality scouts will take note of. Having listened to Hamilton speak and talk while participating in radio interviews makes me believe he is a well spoken and grounded young man who is also humble and appreciative. The fact that he is making the effort to participate in many draft related events is a positive sign and shows me he is serious about getting his name out there in hopes of catching someone’s attention. I can’t wait to follow this young man’s journey, as it has already been one of many ups and downs, but this is the type of guy we all want to root for as he exudes the type of determination, drive, and attitude we are all seeking to find. Hamilton’s an inspiring young man who I could see going in the 7th round, but will likely be a priority free agent type player. He is a worthy, low risk player, whose greatest impact and chance to stick on a roster could lie in his ability to make an impact on special teams due to his violent hitting style and nice athleticism. I can see Hamilton being a practice squad player who could continue to develop while making his impact in the special teams’ game to begin with. Very rarely did Hamilton drop into coverage so it is hard to get a feel for how well he operates in space and how tight his hips are to stick with receivers coming into his area. This position change, along with his poor handwork are two of the biggest obstacles Hamilton will need to overcome to become a player at the next level. However, if his past is any indication, I wouldn’t bet against this kid somehow making a roster down the road.
And there you have it folks. The church teaches that it is the woman’s (bride’s) place to be under the man’s thumb. It is the bride’s place to be made to suffer at the whim of the man. How many times did I hear phrases like “the Lord is testing you” or “purifying through fire?” When you believe that it is okay for your god, who supposedly loved you more than anyone else ever could, to “test” you by making you suffer and seeing how you come out the other side, is it any surprise that you believe it’s okay for your earthly lover to also treat you badly? If God is all knowing and what not, why does he need to test you at all? Doesn’t he know what you are made of? I, as a mere mortal, might test someone because I want to see what they will do, what their character under pressure is. God should know that, right?
So why didn’t I surrender earlier? Good question. It was all low ego thinking. I didn’t even bother to take the time to ask the angels what they had in mind. I just stopped listening. In one sense, I am glad that I waited since it showed me exactly what emotional gunk I was still fighting. It showed me anger and resentment about a specific situation that I had no idea was still there. Then again, did I need to know exactly what the anger was about? Maybe, maybe not.
Melt butter in a skillet and cook onions until translucent. Set aside. Combine cream of chicken soup and sour cream in large bowl. Mix well. Add onions and cheese until combined. Add defrosted hashbrowns and stir until combined. Salt and pepper to taste. Pour into greased 9x13 casserole dish. Sprinkle cornflake crumbs on top! Bake at 350 for 45 minutes or until bubbly!
My point is that you really never know which kids have autism sometimes! They all look normal and need a little extra patience and guidance. But this Dad was doing his job, and he has no need to be embarrassed by his child, who was beautiful. He was right there with him, taking him to the park and chasing him around and giving him a great social experience which people with autism need. To this dad: great job. Kudos to you!
6. Mix together all the ingredients for the tomato sauce – add water just to get a spreading consistency. Spread over the pizza.
Understanding moon composition is not just so we can shake out the exo-bacteria – it also helps us to figure out how these objects formed in the first place. If you thought planet formation was a tough nut to crack, then moon formation is a doozy. We think they form out of discs that surround planets (after they are formed from discs that surround stars). The circumplanetary discs are fed from the circumstellar disc, which then feed on to the planet or into coalescing moonetesimals (as you can see, the potential for jargon is hilarious). Finding some slime mould would be an amazing bonus, but not finding mould would not be a mission failure. The science haul from JUICE includes magnetospheric data, exospheric data, topographical surveys of the moons’ surfaces…all information that could help describe the early Solar System, not to mention the potential exomoon systems that exist out there. Characterising these missions as merely chasing puddles does them an injustice, just as it would be unfair to characterise an X-Ray observatory as simply searching for large explosions.
King Sieg leek (July?) I know all of these guys are a bit late, but better late than never, plus the whole using up old seed thing.
The toys and games will go on sale in the US in the autumn.
In the hopes that these objects will speak to us in lieu of the notes that were not left.
My teenage son (who failed his Y11 last year) is in UNI!!! Yeah I know, can't belief it myself. But Mr. Brainy decided to enroll and low and behold they send him an acceptance, HOW ON EARTH this kid gets it right I don't know. OK, it's not proper Uni but a 6 month long prep course and then, well he's off and ready to start! All cudo's to him, the amount of Certificates and marks he lodges were pretty impressive and Curtin University in Perth said "C'mon over mate"
I have a stamp set from the US called Up Up and Away, which features hot air balloons. However, I really wanted to see if those balloons could be used as petals on a flower and yes they can! I stamped each one and added ink to the edges and lines to the middle to add depth. I cut them out then curled them slightly with my bone folder. I stamped the large flourish from Baroque Motifs and assembled the flower at the top using Stampin' Dimensionals and Tombow glue, adding a black faux brad as a centre.
Failure…
and a lovely drawing of me.
Whilst other nations must be subjugated to the rule of Islam, the individual residing in a land opened by Islam must not be compelled to become Muslim. The Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam) has said:
filling the world with a voice,
This last one, when read aloud, has a chant-like quality. You can see how his work shifts to more experimental, less accessible poetry--something for which he's often criticized.
Now of course all of these people had these reactions before Oprah made her recent announcement (and devoted a half hour of her show) that the Kindle is one of her favorite things. However, if you watched the reactions of those receiving their free Oprah gift you might also notice that for every person who was overjoyed there were two who were confused and a fourth looking for her car.
In law we are responsible for our actions. If one has a car the owner is responsible for it and has a duty to it. We have to say to ourselves we have inherited this nation and culture and have a responsibility for it and a duty to it. Immigrants are sojourners. They do not have the same relation to our land. In 1914, people went to war because they thought the country was under threat and it was their duty to defend it. Progressives think we can transcend these deep and strong emotional bonds with our own kin and territory. They can not understand it because in their minds they have separated the two. Progressives think you can train and coerce people into giving up emotional bonding with their nation, community and their land.
Sunshine is still rare here but the birds are singing in the mornings, foxgloves are blooming in our garden - spring must be on its way! And so I am sharing another spring-ish card today. I made it for our new challenge at Whiff Of Joy Challenges. Our new theme is a sketch:
I'm heading to Portland, OR for the Spring Beer Festival so I'm doing some planning. I need to decide which Texas beers to take for trading. I'm thinking:
My 6th grade artists have just completed their coil making adventure. I explained that when I was in college we had a coil building contest on one of the very first days of my Ceramics class and we had to work in teams to see who could make the longest coil all the way across our clay studio in SUNY New Paltz. It was a busy and fun day! My students have been busy making coils of their very own and putting those to good use.
People debate the imagined superiority of cats over dogs or dogs over cats, but the truth is that, like ourselves, they are simply what evolution made them. Dogs hunt in packs, and therefore regard love and cooperation as essential; cats are solitary hunters to whom love of family (except for a mother for her kittens) and cooperation for the common good just aren’t terribly important. Maybe this is why many dogs—and many people—hate cats. We humans can see ourselves in dogs, but cats are as disturbingly strange as space aliens.
Knowing that I may one day compete, I researched some of the organizations that often hosted shows in Toronto to learn about the rules and general expectations. I found a fitness organization that seemed suitable and set a “tentative” date to compete. However, this meant absolutely no commitment on my part and since I did not tell anyone of my intentions, I wouldn’t be held accountable if I backed out at the last minute—my plan was foolproof!
Russian River Brewing Company Publication
while you just lie there with a mischievous smile
So, as of now, this is what I've got... I am sure there will be many more touches to add later on and I will keep you updated when I find them :)
Finally: My mother-in-law and I have made the decision to sell our little farm. Son has decided, rightly so, that he is way to old to live with Mom, although he has been a champ to come home in my time of need. MIL and I want to find a place (one level,please!) with easy upkeep and closer to town. The task of sorting through my junk and winnowing it all down to what I need instead of what I have simply accumulated over fourteen years of living here is daunting. I wish I could just blink my eyes and be done with it…
we would be honest with each other and not hide behind fear
Ø Able to attend class Monday to Friday 8:00 AM to 3:30 PM for 17 weeks
I went to Rose's house yesterday and we began making a book that I had an idea for while I was at work the other day- after it is finished, I will create a tutorial with pictures and post it...I am really excited about it.I only have a couple today for you- another butterfly (big surprise) and more perfume bottles. Will work on more images for tomorrow...but I want to work on the book so I hope you all have a wonderful day!
The French elections are over and Socialist François Hollande. as expected, defeated Nicholas Sarkozy and is France's new president. Hollande took 51.7% of the vote to incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy’s 48.3%.
In the run-up to German general elections in 2013 and prior to state elections, Kalwa and his colleagues plan to march into party meetings and ask how the candidates intend to regulate the energy supply in Germany in a cost-effective and reliable manner.
From: phillips mathews
The actual content of your site is very important in search engine indexing and also to your visitor. Therefore it is wise to use as many terms as possible that describe your post of topic. There more keywords you have the more effective it is for the search engine to match it with a search.
Fiction is one of the most popular genres of books which consist of loads of thrills and exhilaration offered through interesting depiction of stories. Fiction books are based primarily on imaginary situations and the lives of envisioned characters. Such scripts are highly entertaining as well as invigorating. There are several writers who have written entertaining fiction stories which are essentially their works of creative thinking and vision. These write-ups are available for readers of various age groups. Fantasy stories comprising of interesting characters like Peter Pan, Harry Potter, Sherlock Holmes, Nancy Drew and more have become quite popular. This is mainly due to the fact that these scripts have captivated the minds and hearts of readers worldwide.
I could go on for hours listing the thousands more phrases that the show popularized over the years.
The most disgusting thing about THC2 to me was Martin himself. They found the perfect actor for this role - a short, overweight man with ears that stick out and balding hair that seems to be permanently plastered to his head with sweat. However, I found myself sympathizing with Martin a lot during the first part of the film, much the same as I would sympathize with anyone who obviously never had a chance at a normal life. He was sexually abused by his father as a young child and still lives with his mother whom he gets no love from because she's a whackjob and says she misses her husband and that it is Martin's fault he's in jail. He's extremely introverted and never speaks a word through the whole film. Martin is also an interesting character in that at the same time you may feel sympathy for him and his shitty life, you are also disgusted by him physically and as a person.
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
Kick every goddamned Muslim out of the military today. Kick them out of the country.
57. THE TICKING
12. "No" – 1:49
Transfer chilaquiles to a large platter.
twist my arm.
“Any of the other Rangers a pilot?” Pappy asked with a wry grin. “I’d like to have me one of them birds.”
Your eyes only saw the best part of me,
Food cravings: Ice water, Cheetos & Potato chips, toasted sandwiches, and bubble tape
NSP represents U.S. sorghum producers and serves as the voice of the sorghum industry coast to coast through legislative representation, regulatory representation and education. To learn more about NSP, visit www.sorghumgrowers.com. Follow us on Twitter @SorghumGrowers and ‘Like’ us on Facebook.com/SorghumGrowers.
9) Forget about ethnic food; get used to the delicious cuts of beef and pork that abound. And if your habit is to go out for breakfast, get used to coffee and sweet rolls with fake orange juice. Better and healthier to eat breakfast at your hotel or apartment and have cereals and fruit.
Dig in the dancing queen
Alcohol won’t be sold or brought into the festival and it’s going to be a safe place to have a laugh, listen to top tunes and play some sports.
I know BYU will probably not win the whole thing and Im not a Crazy Cougars fan, EXCEPT when it comes to BYU basketball.. I love Jimmer. I'm not afraid to say it either, he is probably one of my favorite players in the league.. I just wanted to get that off my mind... Go Jimmer!
The photo of him is downloaded from his Match.com profile.
And gobbled up the soap!
Bobby had an eagle and a flag tattooed on his arm
This is going to be a process. I have to take my family along lovingly, not begrudgingly.
Yi Gak goes to find Park Ha at work and learns that she’s resigned. Shocked by this, he quickly runs home only to find her gone. He feels lost because she’s not answering her phone then he finds the goodbye note she’d written and hidden under a box of tissues.
I don’t want to plan my dogs death but basically I have to prepare for just that. Soon both my doggy babies will be reunited. To be honest, I think that will be a good thing for them, but I love them so much. They have given so much. I’ve had so much “Life” because of them. So many memories. So many laughs. So much comfort. So much love. How can people hurt animals? For now, we make the most of everyday, for everyday is precious, and try somehow to have a normal day.
Agent Vinod could well be renamed Chasing Nuclear because that’s what the movie is all about, the run to bag a certain small box that contains the life-altering and portable (!) nuclear bomb. The chase is refreshingly punctuated with some really exotic locations and good back ground score, Daniel B George (the man behind the background score) did his best to salvage those drab moments.
#7: I'm a sucker for TZ's more horror-themed episodes, and this hour-long episode from Season Four delivers some great chilling moments. "The New Exhibit" is a wonderful take on the age-old "spooky wax museum" theme and, like other episodes, keeps you questioning the bizarre events right up until the very end. Martin Balsam is always a welcome face and his turn here as a slightly unstable character is a real treat to watch, the longer duration never seeming stale. Just don't ever cross a wax figure.
If you are asking “What do I do first?” see if answering the questions I pose my clients help you arrive at a starting point.
Skirt: Thrifted ($8)
Kit comes with a bag of Chardonnay grape juice and required ingredients.
#75- Rosebud
On this a windy day.
Mister Man: Really?
4 altered items
05-12 Los Angeles, CA – KIIS FM’s Wango Tango
Key West -- okay, so I'm not exactly Miss New Jersey. But I've just found out I'm in the 2010 Class of the New Jersey Hall of Fame. Does that count?
Some neighbors talk of the prospect of drunken, celebrating fans, though the team has had little to celebrate in the last few seasons in New Jersey. The issue isn't whether the team wins. The issue is rowdiness in a residential neighborhood, whether from crowds attending basketball games or concerts. After all, as the Times doesn't acknowledge, the setting is nothing like that of the United Center in Chicago, offered as an example by a security official at the liquor license meeting.
“Seek enlightenment”
(Mansour Khalid:) 'There is a strong correlation between honor and group cohesion and group survival. Honorable behaviour is that which strengthens the group...while shameful is that which tends to disrupt, endanger, impair, or weaken it.' (2)
The Jews were now showing their true feelings of Paul by throwing the dust into the air. It was worthless as, to them, he was worthless. If dust is only to be trodden under foot, so was the apostle. How do you suppose God felt about this statement they were making? How do you suppose He feels today when men look at Paul’s letters as worthless material?
I was not expecting that. I really thought that I would have to wait for another three months and come back and stand in line and be told I didn't have the right documents and to come back with all the right stuff and then maybe, if I could recite the French alphabet backwards, I could get my card. But there it was, all nice and shiny and pink.
Pictured on the poster here is Alisa, a witch and a Day Watch agent who keeps tabs on the Light. Anton and Svetlana are magicians and Night Watch agents who keep tabs on the Dark. They also have a romantic relationship.
What's your biggest gripe with the punk/hardcore scene?
‘Still a killer out there’ Under Colorado law, a first-degree murder conviction carries an automatic life sentence without the possibility of parole.
.imelda's shoes
It should not be viewed as a competitor “eating” up its rival but from the stand that it encourages healthy competition.
Victory Martial Arts is an ATA school which offers different programs to help with child safety, Anti-Bullying being an example.
The huge cylinder lifted off! Higher and higher it went trailing flames as the bailout money was consumed by the ravening afterburners! The leaders cheered from their bunkers. The bankers cheered as they stood on their magically-increasing piles
This is my first Butter London polish, and I'm not sure that I understand what all of the hype is about. Yes, they make some interesting colors, and obviously I wanted this one enough to buy it, but...there doesn't seem to be anything stellar about the formula itself. I guess the colors are unique enough to draw a crowd.
“The silent treatment is a classic form of passive aggressive confrontation. The silent treatment can last from as little as a few hours to months or even years.”
crystal vase on a black piano,
And, Pastor is funny! He was running late so the joke was that people wanted their money back because the pastor wasn’t there. They said, “How we goin’ have dinner with the pastor if the pastor isn’t here?” So, he laughed, and said, “I am here.”
After the draft and the free agents the colts have picked up; I could see the Colts doing good this season. I have them going 8-8 this year, but making the playoffs next year. I am ready for the season to start up and see how these rookies play.
Total: 7:50. Close close close to that 8-10 hour range I want to hit, but I was recovering from a half marathon so I'll cut myself a little slack there. Trying to run more frequently at shorter distances to see if that helps cut down on injury and keep my legs fresher. That's the theory! Would like to average about 20 miles a week for the time being. Wanted to bike more but kept getting hit with craptastic weather on the days I wanted to go. Once it gets dark earlier, that'll cut way down on available bike hours. Plus it's getting cold. Booo. And yes, I know that as a triathlete I should swim more, but I hate swimming, ok? I'll do more this winter. Plus I'm looking into swim lessons.
"Yes, more money plzzzzzzz."
I look around me and my eyes settle on the cafe door. I know the team will be back tomorrow, and I need them to be fresh and ready to work. I’ll be pitching this project soon, but that’s only the beginning around here. I have another Cave Creek story inside me. Two actually, and I’m itching to get started.
They lost a boy in an accident a couple of years ago that was about Wind's age.
1. The decline of print advertising as a major lead generator In the past, newspaper ads would produce a fair number of calls on FSBOs. Today, a three-line ad in the local newspaper has little chance of competing with the wide array of information online, including video, color photos, 360-degree virtual tours, and a wealth of community and lifestyle data.
Most business plans that I have seen aren’t worth the paper that they are printed on. The owner has no real concept of the funding that is really required.
She loves this novel, and we are thrilled to work with her on it.
with any child. It's how all children learn before they go to school;
As they explored the labs, they were attacked by a horde of electric worms. They weren’t much of a problem, nothing old, Mr. Boot couldn’t handle.
IF you can keep your house when all about you
Congress chose to make them eligible because the refundable part of the Child Tax Credit — technically a separate Additional Child Tax Credit — was intended to relieve lower-income parents of some portion of their tax burden.
The plot is about a classic three party love affair. Prince Golaud finds a mysterious young woman, Mélisande, lost in a forest. He marries her and brings her back to the castle of his grandfather, King Arkel of Allemonde. Here Mélisande becomes increasingly attached to Golaud’s younger half-brother Pelléas, arousing Golaud’s jealousy. Golaud goes to excessive lengths to find out the truth about Pelléas and Mélisande’s relationship, even forcing his own child, Yniold, to spy on the couple. Pelléas decides to leave the castle but arranges to meet Mélisande one last time and the two finally confess their love for one another. Golaud, who has been eavesdropping, rushes out and kills Pelléas. Mélisande dies shortly after, having given birth to a daughter, with Golaud still begging her to tell him “the truth”.
Wohlstetter then became intrigued by the many issues involved in providing airbases for Strategic Air Command (SAC) bombers, the country’s primary retaliatory force in case of nuclear attack by the Soviet Union. What he came up with was a comprehensive and theoretically sophisticated basing study. It ran directly counter to the ideas of General Curtis LeMay, then the head of SAC, who, in 1945, had encouraged the creation of RAND and was often spoken of as its “Godfather.”
- The door will permit toddler sinners only if accompanied by a parent or guardian
This is a very powerful way to connect the wide-ranging social media experiences of Facebook members, and serves to make Facebook the center of members’ worlds, which is obviously great for Facebook.
Chives, for garnish
Bramley Attercop
At nineteen he fell in love, and a marriage was quickly arranged. Maria Theresa had wished for her son to marry a Bourbon to help tie France and Austria together (sound familiar?). The Bourbon in question was Isabella of Parma. Her mother was Louise Elisabeth of France, the beloved daughter of Louis XV. The plan started to deteriorate when Louise Elisabeth passed away at just 32. It could have fallen through completely but Joseph already saw a portrait of the young lady in question and had to have her.
To a degree that is unique among the world’s religions, the history of Christianity has been preoccupied with debates about orthodoxy (correct doctrine.) The factors that helped determine orthodox Christian doctrine were many: the church’s preaching, its biblical interpretation, its notions of discipleship, its communal life and ministry, its central rituals of Baptism and the Eucharist, and it prayers and hymns. These different aspects of Christian life were “carriers” of the faith in Jesus as Savior and Son of God. They made up a tradition which was understood in its details and its totality as the work and witness of the spirit of God, poured out upon believers through Jesus’ death and resurrection. The early Christian period was especially concerned with establishing the orthodox doctrines of the Trinity and the Incarnation.
We further find that Wertham reserved his harshest criticism not to the comic books themselves, but to his fellow professionals who served as "consultants" to comic book companies, proving in his own words "the unhealthy state of child psychiatry". Wertham was right about this, only in my opinion, it wasn't exactly what he had in mind. So this boils down to his stand being "I'm right and any contrary opinion, even by an equally credentialed professional colleague in my field, is still wrong". Or even more succinctly "I'm right because I say so".
watching love pass on by
pretty and whimsical without being snobby. Tables are simply set using a mix and match of vintage-inspired plates that can be purchased at the store (most much more than I would want to spend on tableware however) and the food is simple, fresh and very reasonably priced, especially for New York. Highlights of our meal included a salmon tartare on crusty bread, deliciously simple charred brussel sprouts and handmade warm mozarella with olive oil and sea salt. It was a really perfect meal.
Encourage and supervise children to play outdoors in groups.
Hello on your journey through the Virtual Vegan Potluck. For the love of Indian food I have modified this Dal from one of my favorite dishes in The Everyday Happy Herbivore. In Sanskrit the word Dal means split which makes sense seeing as how the main ingredient in a dal is split lentils of any kind.This version of this recipe is packed with flavor but it is also subtle, smooth, and delicious. As my test taster said “You took me back to Dubai with this dish”. You can download the PDF of this recipe here: Spinach Sweet Potato Dal Recipe
On Twitter @RMHigh7088
Social and environmental management systems (according to the complexity of the operation) must be in place so that your auditors can confirm that the business is operated in compliance with the Sustainable Environment standards (see below) and the laws of the countries it operates. Such a system could be based on the ISO 14001 which is a voluntary international standard for environmental management systems – http://www.iso.org/iso/iso_14000_essentials . As part of such a system, appropriately trained auditors are appointed either by yourselves or an external consultancy is used – see below.
What age did you decide to take action?
Incidentally, I think the Bill merits further debate in Committee, but I don't think at this stage the case is made out to legislating for a ban on cycling without protective headgear!
Thanks for stopping by today. I have some special projects to share with you. Some old (but fav's) and some new. I decided to send in my submission for Graphic 45's Open Design Team call. Gosh, can you imagine me being on the Graphic 45 design team?! Well, it's been one of my dreams... and I've been creating with their products for a while now so I thought I'd give it a go! I LOVE Graphic 45 and being able to showcase their products in my projects like I already do, but do it along side Diane and her team... what a DREAM that would be for me! ❤
Kashmir is drifting in turbulent cross-currents of the regional politics in South Asia, a highly dreary situation, unfolding itself in a fast paced mode, making it imperative for anyone who indulges in journalistic pursuits of sorts, to speak out his mind and stated stand point, not with a view to pontificate, but to inform public opinion in performance of one’s conscionable public duty.
The most effective network marketing system is the one where your plan provides high value products and services and high value content. It will allow you and your distributors to effortlessly attract potential customers and prospects with a dream or problem to which you have the solution for.
“Graham states that the main reason for becoming a director in Grosvenor House Publishing was because of his own experience of self-publishing his first novel, Shadowmancer.”
Follow the above picture for placement of the pieces. It is a good idea to lay all the pieces out first to see how they fit (I had some of the pieces going out into the border).
Yat Ayun* - used by an southern island kingdom of Catho.
When I was in Egypt recently, there were so many children who come up to me to beg for money, some as young as one and two years old. One little guy in particular tried to take my wallet out of my purse and blast it, I was mad, but I understand why. It absolutely breaks my heart to see this. My little guy kept telling them "Please don't do that!! That's naughty!" So we went into a small market and bought a great big bag of oranges and I let my son hand them out to the massive group of children who began to gather around us in the souq. The smiles one orange brought to their faces is almost unimaginable. They held onto them as if they were a prize. I know an orange is not much, but nutritionally Vitamin C helps. I would rather see children eat a piece of fruit than hand them a quarter and not know what it would be used for. I wished I had more to offer, but it was what I could do.
"The Lord will make the pestilence cling to you until He has consumed you from the land where you are entering to possess it.
We thought, despite the serpent’s wounds,
services.”
finally tells me it's time to go see
We drove home that day in the rain, and during homework time, Jack opened the first Crunch bar. He seemed so happy, and his movements struck me as somewhat ceremonious, kind of how I imagined Charlie slowly opening the winning candy bar in Charlie and the Chocolate factory. Jack divided the bar into 3 sections: one for Margaret, one for himself, and one for me. I got the "CH."
R1- Ch2, 6sc in 2nd ch from hook (6)
Activists brandishing banners with anti-capitalist slogans swarmed picket lines at the Chase Building on Park Ave, while others gathered behind barricades at the Bank of America tower at Bryant Park.
In my own little world it hardly ever rains
There are two caveats to this, however. One is that the location of end-point of the wormhole would be difficult to control (this fits in with what happens in the series, the doctor is always ending up in the wrong place and time), and would only allow travel forwards in time from when the technology to do all this was discovered. However this is all right too -it just means that the time lords have been able to do this from the start of the universe!
One of the biggest hurdles in a small home, is making the space work for you and your family. Often times it seems like the hardest working rooms are often the smallest, or most ill equipped for the functions they have to serve. In our home, the bathroom was no exception. Because of the way the lighting was done, we took out the over the toilet storage tower, so that it didn't feel like you were showering a dungeon. :-) Which left only the small cupboard in the vanity for storage.
Other tracks that could point Poly Styrene down the ‘Pop’ route are the genuinely classy ‘Ghoulish,’ and album closer, ‘Electric Blue Monsoon.’ The former is smooth on the ear and wafts in a breeze of swirling synths and relaxed vocals. The latter on the other hand is a complete contrast to everything else on the album, with Poly singing virtually a capella, as through a megaphone, in a gospel / blues fashion – different and beautiful!
In other news, I am discovering how hard it is to mix my paints to perfectly match the color wheel. I have no problem creating a tremendous variety of shades of the color I want, but not the exact color!
I love the contrast here between the dark wood floors and the white of the cabinets. The glass fronted shelving and the windows are fab too. And of course, more pendant lighting.
1 calling
Now let me add when your baby comes out, he/she is not going to look amazing. They arent going to have a beautiful glow around them. They are going to be gooy, bloody and swollen! And in some cases there head is mishaped for awhile, since it has to squeeze down the birth canal. So here is what Ethan looked like right after he was born. But no matter what you will be amazed to see your baby. And they will look perfect to you.
i like to throw paint–to pop pigment-filled balloons and splatter and drizzle it all onto large scrolls of paper.
So, following the much trumpeted Apple announcement out of San Francisco earlier this week, we’ve learned that the world according to Steve Jobs has decided that we now ‘need’ a ‘new’ social networking gadget; one designed to help us all in our (apparently ongoing) quest to ‘share’ music one with another.
“We’re all very upset,” said friend Cindee Damron. “She is so well-loved and one of the kindest, sweetest people I’ve ever met.”
I used to be a neat freak. A bit of an obsessive compulsive, reorganize the pantry daily, the yogurt goes on the refrigerator door – not the top shelf type of neat freak. Cookbooks were in size order, pots were fitted with their lids and methodically placed in a cabinet. If you dropped by for a surprise visit, I’d show you around and offer you a drink.
you need. He has, He will, and He will continue to bend down, to stoop down to pick
at a neighboring course and liked to pick on suckers.
On the 8th day of Chrismukkah, the beer geeks gave to me:
Using FITNESSGRAM can help young children set realistic standards for their body fatness and avoid the overemphasis on leanness that is often displayed by our culture.
To kick this thing off, I’ll first say, if you don’t know about me or how I got to the Ranch, first read my “testimony” post here.
Makes about 12 large cakes; serves 6 to 8
½ teaspoon garam masala
In all four societies, and not only there, the period between 1917 and 1920 saw a sharp escalation of resistance to imperial penetration and control and the emergence or realignment of institutions and individuals that would play central roles in subsequent anticolonial struggles. In Egypt, Sa‘d Zaghlul, a veteran political figure who before the war had long worked within the British-controlled political system, now established a delegation that demanded the opportunity to put before the peace conference a claim for Egyptian independence. To lead this campaign, Zaghlul, who is remembered in Egypt as the ‘‘Father of the Nation,’’ established a new political party that came to dominate Egyptian politics in the interwar years. A similar shift from accommodation to confrontation occurred in India’s relationship with the empire during the same period, as the Indian National Congress, which before the war adhered to moderate positions toward the empire, became a vehicle for mobilizing resistance to it. By 1920, the Congress came under the control of Mahatma Gandhi, who had himself shifted in 1919 from a position of firm if critical support for Indian membership in the British empire to one of determined opposition to it. The newfound radicalism of the Gandhian Congress augured an era of nationalist struggle that culminated in the dissolution of British rule in 1947.
I Watch.
Where the Volunteer input form is passed to the User’s browser and a new captcha is generated.
So this is my first 'real' fashion post. Sorry it's not that good. Like I said originally, I'm not big fashionable at all and I definitely don't know how to talk about fashion. But of course, we all love clothes!
“Women are fickle and prone to fads,” I said. “Eventually, she will tire of these avant-garde ideas and allow the book to gather dust on your bookshelf. She will then rediscover her appetite for the strong-but-silent style of copulation that is your forte.”
3 porcelain
One of the things I like the most about hockey is the Stanley Cup, both the name of the trophy the winning team gets and the name of the playoffs—the Stanley Cup playoffs. Some of the greatest sports traditions, in my mind, center around the cup, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanley_Cup. First of all, the cup looks like something worth winning and it has the name of every player, coach, management person and club staff of the winning team engraved on it. What other trophy can say that? Secondly, when the last game of the championship playoff series is over (best of seven), the winning team skates the cup around the area, taking turns holding it above their heads (usually after kissing it), but in almost all cases, hoisted and skated first by the team captain. Family members come out on the ice and a festive celebration ensues. Even if the cup is won away from home, the opposing fans generally stay and cheer for the winning team, as well as the efforts of their own team, the way it should be. Finally, each player of the winning team gets to have the cup for one day. What could be more fun if you’re a player. My husband said that when Chicago won the cup, one day a guy was driving along and looked over to see two Black Hawks driving next to him. Being a fan, he waved and the players motioned him to pull over. Turns out they had the cup with them and took pictures of all of them with the cup. How great is that??
Went back to the mall and chanced upon my HKG favorite drink here!
FELLOWS
Then….step three is to nominate 7 people to do likewise, so no fair ducking and hiding or pretending you don’t hear me asking you to do this…besides its harmless fun!
There was no movement.
Than a laundry list of things to do and places to see
A wide assortment of new and rare books
Please hop along with us! You have a chance to win one of the above stamp sets! Just comment on the following blogs (don't forget this one), each day for more chances to win! (You do NOT have to comment on all the blogs each day! The names are drawn randomly!)We will announce all four winners on January 21, 2012 on the Mark's Finest Papers blog. You can go back and comment if you missed a day. (HINT: The more you comment, the more chances you have to win!) The winners will be chosen at 11PM EST on Friday January 20, 2012.
* Use something sand-like (e.g., sand or glitter or flocking or embossing powder).
I shall not buy a dryer because where I live I think it is totally unnecessary and it uses electricity that I am sure the farmer would rather not pay for. If I lived in a flat, or even in a town, it might be different. But certainly if my neighbour filled the line with washing out to dry, knickers or no knickers, I would even fetch it in for him if it rained and he was out. That's called being a good neighbour!
the first time i met you, i was moving into my dorm my sophomore year of college. i didn't know a soul except for my room mate, and as soon as i got my stuff down and my mom out the door, we were called to a floor meeting. our floor and the boys floor above us. you were the first to speak. you were confident, though not arrogant. you spoke with authority. and you were enthusiastic about the coming year.
This, in turn, is the bottom line of the previous verse 27. But a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.
Okay, first of all, I have to say one thing. I DO NOT understand the fascination with Cole! Guys, it's JACK! YOU HAVE TO LOVE JACK! JACK JACK JACK JACK JACK. Got it? Okay, good.
The first proof is what the Word of God tells us in the last part of verse 26. He was numbered with the eleven, thus making the number twelve. The second proof is shown in Acts 2:4: that he, along with the eleven, was filled with the Holy Ghost. Had it not been the will of God Matthias would not have been blessed in this way. They could not reason among themselves and come to this conclusion. There is always a way that seems right unto men but it usually turns out to be the will of man and not the will of God. These disciples did not dare make a mistake because they were dealing with the fulfillment of God’s own Word for all eternity. They were looking for the Kingdom. They were going to sit on those twelve thrones in the Kingdom. They were to be given the responsibility of judging the twelve tribes ofIsrael. They had to have the blessing of God, the Spirit of God. They had to have the wisdom of God. Had they acted in the flesh the blessing would not be theirs.
The amazing array of secondary characters all help “reconstruct” Charlie. They help as she uses her innate intellect and learned skills, like running, to assist as she works through her PLAN. Her wealthy Aunt Eleanor and Uncle Stuart, the unique people who make their home run like magic, and the heart-winning Australian Labradoodles, Lord and Lady, embrace Charlie, rough edges and all. The connection she makes with each of them helps polish the many facets of her personality.
The beer will be in 50l Keykegs. Unfortunately this will limit the amount we can order so it may run out.
The LORD himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave you or forsake you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged. Deuteronomy 31:8
I 'became' Peggy Porschen (or at least I told myself I was!) and decided to keep the chocolate theme but make it a bit more girly (surprise surprise my favourite theme! :D) with using pink fondant icing. The bottom tier is pink with chocolate brown circles, decorated with an italic 'L' for Lisa and polka dot royal icing decoration around the edge.
Once through the incline that leads to the more level walk that we took, it was plain sailing. We found picturesque countryside dotted with sheep and mountains in the background. There were a couple of benches here and there for anyone who wanted to rest their legs. Meanwhile, John shot picture after picture with gusto.
pancetta, diced and cooked until crispy
Sept. 5-10: 5,535 words
actions on this world: miserably hellish
And back and forth it went. The more I read, the more I wondered whether I’d stumbled across some intramural Roman Catholic dispute. Whatever differences they thought they had, both sides seemed to assume that grace was a substance. Both spoke of the empowerment and encouragement of ‘grace’, but the real concern of both parties seemed to be our life of discipleship. Thus, it was really a discussion about motivational techniques. Some thought that carrots are better, others reached for the stick.
loving your feathery ways,
I hope you've enjoyed today's tutorial!!!
So for some reason, after being shushed in the car and telling my oldest brother not to “encourage me” to sing, I decided to try out for Varsity Choir at my High School. Yeah, I know you don’t have to be a licensed therapist to figure this one out. This choir class was a varsity choir class, so freshman were not typically in this class. You had to try out for it! “Trying out” meant I had to actually sing in front of the music teacher! Ouch! Not something I was comfortable with. See, I was the painfully shy kid in high school. I didn’t speak unless spoken to and I didn’t go out of my way to call attention to myself. Staying under the radar was my skill set. Varsity Choir was reserved for the Juniors and Seniors, I was just a Freshman, and this was a group I didn’t fit into. I, however, wanted in and I was going for it. To this day, I don’t know what gave me the courage, it was very unlike me. Looking back, it seems abundantly clear, whenever I rebelled against my mother I seemed to do whatever she said I shouldn’t do. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn’t. Clearly, I was just mad enough to summon the courage to “try out” for this class.
Verse 1 and 2:
but the ladybugs and i have been back for five weeks already.
Date: 20.3.2010
I was listening again to Jody Killingsworth’s sermon from the 2009 ClearNote Fellowship Conference the other day, and there are some important quotes in there that need the surrounding context of the message to carry their force. So I have transcribed the message here. Profitably give it a read and a listen, men of God.
M. Larni
Michael appears and informs Hurley he's there to stop Hurley from getting everyone killed. Hurley stays quiet while holding his dead flower.
God is the Ultimate Strategist.
Subterranean Press announced about a month back they were changing the cover to Clementine the steampunk novella from Cherie Priest. They felt the original wasn't quite right and went for something more in line with what Tor has done for the Clockwork Century series using the same artist from Boneshaker and Dreadnought Jon Foster. This is definitely an improvement and jives much better with the contents, which are a bit down a dirtier than the original art reflected.
But if you're nervous about making a speech or toast at an upcoming wedding, or worried about a toast someone will be making at yours, here are a few toasting tips:
In other news, I officially started interning with the student government Monday. Apparently I'm technically a marketing intern, which means that aside from web development I also get to do things like wear neon yellow shirts and peddle fliers about student events to other students.
(5) Baking.—
I don't know about you, but it has been a busy 2011 for me!
"Yeah! Look there he is".
I've been choosing fats that have been processed very little; namely olive oil, butter, and chicken, beef or pork fat that I render at home. No more fat-free dressings or skimping on the butter for me.
Uh, wait. I'm already the crazy old lady with barking pooping dogs. Foiled again.
we are given that which is
Include a Pair (2 of the same thing or 2 ribbons, 2 flowers etc)
But first, lest anyone think I am soft, here is a photo from my morning ride yesterday that clearly shows I am at altitude, well above the clouds.
For me, the words "artist's studio", are filled with all the glamour and romance which I wouldn't readily attach to myself.
Still for me, the greatest gifts are fellowship. The interaction with others. If I want material things, I’ll save the money to buy them. I’ll earn them through my work. The gift I want is time. Time to spend with people who encourage my dreams, make me laugh, teach me something new and challenge me to be a better person. That is the greatest gift I’ve ever received, and I’m selfish for more.
“Speaking of the MMS, ProPublica reminded us that it recently faced a scandal when an investigation discovered ‘a culture of ethical failure’ at the agency. The report found that some MMS officials ‘frequently consumed alcohol at industry functions, had used cocaine and marijuana, and had sexual relationships with oil and gas company representatives.’ Another recent investigation found that MMS has withheld data from its own staff involved in environmental analyses and that ‘some of its own scientists have alleged that their findings have been suppressed’ – an allegation which the Department of Interior ‘generally agrees’ with,” said a report.
I can also hear my art supplies calling me back. I'm heeding their pleading and must return...
The weather today is sunny but the winds are cold and there’s still some snow on the ground. However its a lot better than yesterday. I didn’t go out at all.
- 5 slices bacon cut into 1/2 inch pieces
A warning of what EU elites would do with I.D. cards - These illegal immigrants work in low-paid jobs - maids, servants, labourers etc. They are usually naturalised after being issued with ration cards and identity cards.
Solihull Borough Council said the Gypsies needed to leave and any appeal was up to the government.
Have I talked about hoop dancing on here before? I'll have to go look through my posts and see, 'cause if I haven't I really need to. I absolutely love dancing, but I'm not on a dance team anymore and can't go out to a club all the time, so when I discovered hoop dancing it was this fantastic way for me to fulfill my desire to dance all on my own, and pretty much anytime, as long as I could get outside, or be in a spacious room. The only problem is that I'm not just having to control my body, I have to control the hoop, and that's what makes it beautiful, but I have not practiced enough at mastering certain moves which makes it so I'm still very limited in what I do. I know the only way I'm going to get better is to practice, so as soon as the weather turns warm this year, I'm going to practice a lot. Maybe I'll even post a video once I get good. :)
One wonders. Perhaps The State Department is impervious to comparatives. For decades, Russia has claimed that Raoul Wallenberg, the heroic Swedish diplomat who saved Hungary’s Jews from the Nazis, died on 17 July 1947, in Moscow’s Lubyanka prison. Yet in 2009, Russian officials finally admitted that Wallenberg had been interrogated as late as 23 July 1947, six days after his official death date.
Only those who do no Only those peddling a false gospel with false doctrines based on the traditions of men are causing division. Bevere claims “They lack true New Testament government and accountability” (pg. 45). New Testament government? Like a dictatorship? After all, he’s not teaching about a kingdom based on 1 Corinthians 12. His attack on Christians continue,
PREHEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Grease 15 x 10-inch jelly-roll pan; line with wax paper. Grease and flour paper. Sprinkle towel with powdered sugar.
After you finish lamenting our world of double standards, in which male nerd-recluse-introvert-hermits are fucked but chick introverts are ever hotter, you will enjoy this bit of Lisabeth Salander. Pay attention to the game in this clip, game so good it gives you wet dreams just imagining it happening to you, as Lisabeth goes from sitting/ doing nothing and drinking to lesbian makeout faster than 4G. I cried last night, wishing I could sit there and have chicks walk up and start macking on my face. The world’s not fair!
2 t. freshly grated horseradish (or more or less to taste)
11 Depthcharge
He wore 27 from 1969-75 with the Dodgers. In 2004, he died too young from kidney disease at age 57.
I'd love to hear what your 'word' is for this yr. or if you have any goals/resolutions that you want to try, so just mention it in your comment.
Sharon still had swaps to finish & we both had name badges to make so out of the car came half of Sharon's craft room, i'm not joking. We sat up until midnight crafting eating Crisps & Choccie & drinking a glass of wine or two.
1 tablespoon snipped fresh parsley (or 1/2 tablespoon dried parsley)
But seriously, folks: Has anyone seen anything so sexy since...hell, since Barbara Stanwyck tousled the heck out of a stunned-into-sexual-submission Henry Fonda's hair in Preston Sturges's The Lady Eve (1941)?
2) Cover your front and back sections and decorate as your like. This book is made for my son Morgan who just turned 6 years old. He loves Star Wars, so that is the theme I used. I placed his name and the years the card are from. You can cover both the inside and outside of the book, or just one side - all up to you!!
Well, here we have possibly a prime example of one of this series many, many problems. Its pretentions to depth, merely reach DEEP. There is no fucking point for that setting. It exists for that moment alone. To make Shu seem more ~trouble~ and ~mysterious~ and ~deep~. That’s what all the lighting is for! It’s symbolic! IT’S FUCKING TERRIBLE.
I never had a surprise party. I've been involved in many, but this one was for me... The room was beautifully decorated with pictures of me and friends, balloons and the food... let's talk about food. The spread was truly amazing. Everybody contributed a dish or two. Some home-made and some store bought.
Winners have 7 days to claim prizes, after 7 days if any winners have not claimed their prize, a new winner/s will be announced.
What about you? Where were you hatched? What did that environment prepare you for?
Pop Up Shoppe.
All the members are in on the prank. “Let’s get him so bad,” Max George added.
Teenage Fanclub headlined the mag’s cover on this particular month, and the likes of Gary Moore, Edwyn Collins and Allan Holdsworth were also featured. The cassette, meanwhile, featured four music tracks… Walkin’ Nerve by Nils Lofgren, Ghost Blues by Rory Gallagher, Red House by Albert King, and One of Those Nights by UFO. All of the tracks were tabbed out in the magazine should guitarists be interested in learning to play them, and there were written features on UFO and Rory Gallagher too. In the photo, I’ve shown the cassette alongside its cardboard cover, atop a feature on the spoof heavy rock band Spinal Tap, who were promoting their Break Like The Wind album in most of the guitar mags at the time.
There are other implications linked with employment and general mental health wellbeing. Women are suggested to report depression far more often than men and one of the explanations (of many, some of which are discussed in another post and more will be after this) is that women continue to work in a domestic sense once they return home from work and without a break, this has a catastrophic effect on mental wellbeing. If young people do not work between 18 and 21 they are much less likely to work in later life and are more likely to develop a number of psychological pathologies. People who do not feel challenged or gratified in their jobs, also have a much higher report rate for mood disorders such as depression.
The water will avoid the production of PAHs – Formed when dripping fat flares up, charring the underside of the meat. In reality, you can get PAH’s when you burn your toast. You also will contribute to maintain the minerals inside of the food due to the existing air density caused by this method. Due to this trick, only the fat will fall on the water.
In '77 spring training Harper went to Oakland, hoping to hook up with the decimated former champs. When that didn't work he took a scouting gig with the Yankees. In '78 Boston hired him away into their sales organization and from '80 to '84 he was the Sox first base coach. In '85 he moved back to the admin side, this time as an assistant GM. That tenure got stormy, however when Tommy complained to management about the team's long-standing policy in spring training of offering passes to the local Elks Club, which only admitted whites (in '85?!!). He was fired that December and in response filed a discrimination suit through the EEOC the following January. There is an interview with Tommy linked to here when he was working at an auto maintenance place as a follow-up gig. He won the case in December and the Sox stopped using the club. By '88 Tommy was back in baseball as a consulting base-running coach for the Expos. From '90 to '99 he was a Montreal coach proper. In 2000 he returned to Boston and remained on the coaching staff through '02. Since then he has worked as a roving and consulting hitting coach for the Sox, most recently bailing David Ortiz out of his 2011 slump.
old or new! thanks!
Congratulations ladies. Please grab the appropriate badge found in the left sidebar (save image to your computer, add picture gadget on your blog, add pic and Twisted Tuesday link to link line, Thank you).
Hmm not sure how to even start this post other than it is more a blog about me and what is going on in my life which will in a sense still has a lot to do with this city because it is about my vision and life. So greetings from my favorite coffee shop, Plan B. I am here with my carmel latte and Turkey Royale sandwich ready to bare all to you and explain what has been going on in my life. And yes this is not just about me... the result is a higher and more profound thing than some nice story... So last March I was blessed to start renting a house in uptown Minneapolis. The house is so amazing and I would live there forever most likely but it seems that I will be moving out in August. I have a landlord that has been very hard to get ahold of and being the farm boy I am I mostly would fix the problems myself. I enjoy doing work around the house and yard so that was not that big of an issue to me. But problems with heat have arisen and furnace problems so I was unable to fix unless I wanted to spend money out of my pocket...so if you get the drift I have a slumlord. I never thought I would be a person in a predicament as such but here I am now laughing over it. We really have control over nothing in our lives- well maybe a bit but not much...So as I said the house I live in will be given back to the bank very soon and my deposit has been floating in the air... I have been so tired of dealing with the landlord, the roommates, and many other things. I have become full of fear over loosing my deposit and not being able to make it. I have trusted the Lord in many, many circumstances within this house situation whether it was over roommates not being able to pay, or roommates moving out... The Lord has always provided so why would I be freaking out about resigning a lease for 2 more months and wondering if I would not get my deposit back? I know trusting God is so hard and I believe I will never fully trust but must fully rest in His arms. Getting back to the story of this huge ordeal, my landlord had agreed to a new lease agreement with lower payment and then decided 2 days later not too, so I made up a new lease agreement only to be again turned down... he finally told me to write up a different one that secured my deposit. Well 4 days passed and he never signed it. After this process of trying to get a lease signed by him, talking to tenant lawyers, contacting the foreclosure dude that is working with the bank and landlord I became totally spent and drained. 3 weeks of this back and forth was too much for me. I mean I am not even married and am just a young man... I would pray to God and say things like, "what else are you trying to teach me through this, haven't I endured enough. I have communicated and been nice..." I was beginning to get angry with God, why was he not standing by me? Why was he allowing the enemy to taunt and take advantage of my money and time. Why wasn't Christ fighting for me and bringing justice to my situation. In these 3 weeks I could not even talk to those who cared about me. And if I did it was very surfaced because this problem was welling up in me to the point of explosion and it hurt my spirit so much. Well on Friday I was telling my girlfriend about it and the tears and anger just came out. My heart was wide open and I just stoped told her I needed time to sit and think and be with the Lord. It is in those times that your heart is open that we can see the Father. It is because the places that Christ wants to heal so bad and take our pain is that of in our hearts. So...as I sobbed away and was yelling at God in my head I heard these words, "What about my deposit Nathan." What was he telling me? I thought about that for a long time and this is what I learned and how the Lord took my anger and replaced it with an attitude of thankfulness and joy. I was worried that I may not get my huge deposit back and felt betrayed by my landlord and taken advantage of. He wasted my time many times. He communicated horribly to me over the several different lease agreements, he was taking my rent money and not paying his bills but spending it all on himself. He has a new Escalade... The Lord showed me that this landlord was me in regards to him... well maybe not entirely but in regards that Christ has saved me from the snares and trap of death and has redeemed my life. He has invested heavily into my healing and has essentially "deposited" much into my life. Here my heavenly Father was saying don't waste my deposit Nathan I want that back and I have plans for you that will make my deposit more than I have put down! My Father was sitting with me in this painful time saying words of love and showing me how I have not totally been living for Him. Showing me how I have been selfish in my ways and not talking to him as my landlord to me. He was showing me how many times I try to rewrite things to better suite me when in all reality it is not the right thing. He was showing me how I truly am a broken and mean hearted dude without His love and touch. I felt like crap! I felt so much pain over what was going on with my landlord and I understood that those feelings I had given my Father, my Christ, my Savior... But then after a while I got an image of being in Christ's arms and Him looking at me with joy. He was also crying. I was making him sad over how I had been acting? I repented and then it was like the Lord said, I am crying with you not because of you. Your sins are gone, I have interceded for you so the Father sees you as clean and the purest white...so when He sees you He sees me. So Nathan do not spend this deposit I have invested in you. Be wise and be true to me! Love me and praise me, do not give it away for the world...
To celebrate this day check special promotions or sales at supermarkets in honor of National Orange Juice Day. Individuals who want to celebrate the occasion can try their hand at making some freshly squeezed orange juice (or simply buy some from the store) and then share it with coworkers or family members.
Guilt trips. Passive Aggression. Self putdowns. They're all things that I've found myself to be really susceptible to, and I cave all the time. Do you have things that you find yourself kowtowing to constantly? Or people?
helpless child–
In the short hurdles, we had the world’s three best hurdlers not named Sally Pearson in Danielle Carruthers (12.47), Dawn Harper (12.47) and Kellie Wells (12.50). We could use a bit of work behind World Champion Lashinda Demus, but there is potential in Queen Harrison (54.78), jasmine Chaney (55.22), Turquois Thompson (55.53) and Ti’erra Brown (55.59), all of whom seemed to be a season away in 2011 – and wouldn’t 2012 be the season to shine.
I am on book 3 I just read that a fourth book will be coming out in November and that they are making this book into a movie as well. It is another teen series and is a mix the Twilight Saga and Hunger Games all rolled into one but set in India. I really would give to much of all the books way if I was to explain the similarities, but they are really good books.
Thank you for passing SB 1466, a budget that fully restores funding for the State System of Higher Education. Public higher education is a public good; our universities, our students, and our communities benefit from state support for public higher education.
Fri - off.
We have many things to be thankful for here in Great Britain.
Their stories sound eerily like the hundreds of testimonies submitted to a recent Australian inquiry into adoption from the 1950s to the early-1980s, and last month an Australian Senate committee urged the government to apologize to the “many parents whose children were forcibly removed” from their care.
And all because of a contest.
So I am asking you for advice? What tips and tricks have you used to make a school visit go well? What great strategies have you seen other visiting authors put into action?
“No, our babysitting situation has changed recently, so we can’t get out quite as often.”
I had to admit the justice of that. So that's my story. I once stood next to Emily Bronte as she cried over her own burial. Or perhaps it was Charlotte crying over the death of her sister. Or, now I come to think of it, perhaps it was Ann.
God’s love was so real and strong, so much bigger than I even had imagined.
Obedience always produces positive results.
Supplies used are listed below. Thanks for stopping by.
I am watching The King's Speech on March 9. Not very fussed about it, but I'm sure it's great.
Sorry, I've been dealing with this online streaming crap. Anyway UCLA just scored and they are down now 34 to 38 after the botched extra point. Butts are geting tight as UCLA is looking for the onside kick with only 1:18 minutes left in the game. While we're at it, I planned on doing the same beer review thing with FAMU taking on Fort Valley State, but I just now got a local radio station online radio as opposed to a streaming service FROM THE SCHOOL THAT I PAID FOR, which is not working. And it turns out FAMU is losing, looks like I may be chugging a bomber of Sweetwater Dank Tank Barleywine if that game doesn't work out.
These things are incredibly versatile. Though we paid a little money for them, purchasing other items to do what these have done would have been much more. I love them as container gardens for tomatoes, strawberries and lilies. (One barrel cut into thirds.)
5. Learn to listen better.
then that person will not take the time to
My worry is that all my good intentions are not what they are cracking up to be.
It’s a big week in the life of Andrew Luck, who will be the No. 1 draft pick, but it won’t be 100 percent pleasant. Amidst the pre-draft publicity tour, the draft night celebration and all the upcoming press obligations in Indianapolis, he’ll also have to worry about a lawsuit. He’s being sued by Leaf Trading Cards.
Okay, so these are all RAW, no touch ups. I did resize them so they’d be easier to upload. It was a very simple set-up–I used the window in my study for light and bounced it a bit with a reflector. I used my 40mm lens. The background in the second photo is a different color because it’s the ceiling instead of the wall. There were some advantages to having the flowers in my study rather than outside. I could arrange and turn them. I preferred to shoot just a few rather than several at a time. Not sure why. Suppose I just like empty space. And I can’t ignore another important advantage: no bug bites! I have bites all over me after taking photos of flowers outside. I always lie down on the grass and roll around. I forgot to buy patchouli today. I wear that stuff from May-Sept. It is a very good bug repellent. It keeps Republicans away too!
Animal hospital staff hope to release Valentine into the care of Sounds of Silent Spirits until the puppy can receive her second prothesis. Valentine will then be put up for adoption, Bacall said.
Four days ago, the BBCNews website reported on ‘a new bailout tranche Greece needs to avoid bankruptcy in October’. Two weeks ago, the Economist asserted the same thing: ‘In the absence of this funding, Greece will run out of money in mid-October’. Last night, having decided not to decide whether Greece is in default of the Troika agreement (although it obviously is) the EU’s Finance Ministers decided not to decide on whether it should get any more until mid November. You know, people need to get their stories straight before they issue this kind of floating, movable nonsense. One or both of these parties is routinely lying to the news media. It might seem smart to them to do this, but it makes the markets increasingly cynical.
Connected TV – Who is the typical Connected TV viewer? According to YouGov he could be wealthy, Male and in his late 30′s http://t.co/wVIRHImx
Deal Pulp has a deal today for $12 for $25 worth of cookies, brownies, etc. The nice thing is that shipping appears to be $4.95 for 2 day shipping; this is so much better than so many other places shipping food. If you are new to DealPulp sign up through this link and you will receive a $5 credit making your purchase only $7. If you then shop at David's Cookies through the link at ShopatHome you will receive 6% cash back, making this price even lower.
So who’s winning?
Number of Rest Days: 12
Even if you only have a very casual interest in the art of the interwar years, I'd strongly recommend getting along to one of James Russell's talks. Recent venues have included London, Oxford and Bristol, so it's worth checking his blog to see where he's off to next.
R 2: Ch 3, 2 dc in joining space, ch 2, 3 dc in next dc. * Ch 3, skip 1 dc, 3 dc in next dc, ch 2, 3 dc in next dc. Repeat from * around. End ch 2, sc in top of first ch 3.
Mom: "Do you want to give Grandma a hug?"
the light. i stayed there for some time just waiting. then she began to
I got married (the first time) in 1983, and two of my favorite people, Sonja and Shannon, sent a wedding gift from Seattle. These two beautiful women sent two beautiful champagne glasses. Over the years, I'd almost never used them, for fear of breaking them, or because other people were not enthusiastic about drinking from someone else's wedding gift, and the glasses were tucked way in the back of the cabinet for safety. Sonja had turned me on to real sparkling wine, Schramsburg, a year or two before the wedding gift. It's only taken me a bit over 25 years to catch up.Because, d'oh, the beautiful glasses were tulips and they are the most perfect glasses for drinking wine with bubbles.
This year Emma will be selling Girl Scout Cookies a little differently. Instead of taking orders and going back a few weeks later to deliver and collect money, she will have actual boxes of cookies and sell them in one transaction. In areas where Girl Scouts have sold this way, sales went up.
The artist is the creator of beautiful things. To reveal art and conceal the artist is art’s aim. The critic is he who can translate into another manner or a new material his impression of beautiful things.
One of my favorite traditions at Christmas time is the stocking – I like stuffing them, opening them and watching others unveil the endless mini gifts from their oversized sock….
“More than a resurrection from a physical death,” God says, “I bring new life to the heart. I restore dreams shattered.”
The whole world's scared so I swallow the fear
None but the living mock,
Jiu Jitsu Brotherhood – I don’t like the squished, rounded typeface nor the internal beveling of this version of the Jiu Jitsu Brotherhood logo, yet this design perfectly represents founder Nic Gregoriades. The light blue recalls the colours of Greece. Nic also uses an Uroborus, an ancient greek symbol of harmony and rebirth (similar to the Japanese circle/ring of many other Jiu Jitsu logos). The Uroborus suggests ancient brotherhoods seeking the secrets to enlightenment, perfect for the modern-day equivalent seeking the same through the practice of Jiu Jitsu.
As for Malcolm – I hope he’s not dead but I have a nasty feeling that he is. More than likely, Andrew will not have been responsible for it – it’s probably either Olivia’s dirty work or someone from Macawi’s employ got to Malcolm before he could turn himself over to Victor.
“That’s not good enough. I want a tracker now. Every moment wasted is a mile against us.”
Reagan in presenting his 1982 budget pleaded with the American people in a televised address; “Our immediate challenge is to hold down the deficit in the fiscal year that begins next week. A number of threats are now appearing that will drive the deficit upward if we fail to act… And without further cuts, we can’t achieve our goal of a balance budget by 1984…. I’m asking all of you who joined in this crusade to save our economy to help again, to let your representatives know that you will support them in making the hard decisions to further reduce the cost and size of government.” (187) Senator Ted Kennedy gave the Democratic response, “This is the government of the rich, by the rich for the rich.” Summing up that the Democratic Congress was not interested in cutting the deficit or spending especially when it came to social programs.
20 kb swings
I’m suggesting that we look at this issue with fresh eyes, especially since it hurts my back to be bending over so much.
Time passed.
Now onto the rules:
He also suffered a heart attack and kidney failure.
Pretty close? Right?
This one was different. Kona did the roasted coffee aromas and flavors very well, subtle, not too over the top. If you like coffee, get this beer. If you like beer, get this beer. If you don't like beer or coffee, I feel sorry for you.
But I had to try because of these beautiful flowers seemed to match my bread pudding :)
He awoke a full hour earlier than usual on Christmas Day. He ran into the living room and back to us with a "He was here! Santa was here!" It was a joyful sound and we were happy that he was so happy. We asked him to wait to open any gifts until he had awaken everyone else and everyone was up. So, he ran downstairs to get G'Ma and G'Pa and down the hall to get D'Arcy. As the coffee was brewing, Little Chief was passing out and unwrapping gifts and shouting "This is just what I ordered from Santa Claus!" He was terribly worried that when he saw Santa he only remembered to ask for one gift, but we assured him that Santa knew about all four.
3May words which are like the wind be stopped? or what is troubling you to make answer to them?
Their songs included:
I saw a preview of this movie when I went to the Alamo Drafthouse Slaughter Lane training day. I can't write a review of Jiro's restaurant, but the psychological aspects of the documentary struck me as remarkable. There really won't be any spoilers, as there really isn't a traditional plot, per se.
Now we know why Walter Smith wanted to not attract too much attention with this horse. If the horse was a bum, Kentucky wouldn’t have cared in the least. But if he’s great?
I love you. Have a great day!
FANTASTIC ...THAT TOO NO BAKE.....
Paragraph 4 states: Law enforcement officials, in carrying out their duty, shall, as far as possible, apply non-violent means before resorting to the use of force and firearms. They may use force and firearms only if other means remain ineffective or without any promise of achieving the intended result.
We were a bit late in getting on to the train so we couldn't find four seats together round a table. I sat with Dawn at one table facing backwards in the direction of travel, while Micky and Mark sat together in two seats nearby but facing the direction of travel (these details are important).
Singular sorrows cost many apples whereas entire lots of ebullient acts are cheaper.
If you have had a heart attack or stroke, or have kidney disease you will not be able to participate. If you are already exercising 4x a week or more you will not be able to participate.
Hope this has helped. Have a great Wednesday!!!
When I go, I want to have a smile on my face in the last moments. I want people to sing a few songs, bring a few flowers and remember that I tried.
Welcome to another fun filled challenge with Speedy Fox and Friends. This week we are challenging you to make a card using stitching. Now I know you are thinking to yourself right now I don't have a sewing machine, well the good news is you don't need one. You can use a sewing machine or you can do faux stitching.
at liliofthevalley and am only getting round to using it now lol
Combine all ingredients and let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes before use (can also be refrigerated if you aren't using it right after 30 minutes). Whisk again to ensure the batter is smooth (the matzoh meal can clump a little).
7) - Brooklyn Rivals, see NY Knicks
On top of all that, Sarah of Feeling Fictional is holding discussion posts everyday, and Carly of Writing from the Tub is also posting each day! Lots to read and get through! Check out the blog roll on the right for all Team #CandorUK posts! I'm looking forward to reading everything from Team Candor UK, it's going to be fun!
Save $0.50 when you buy ONE BOX any flavor/variety Nature Valley Granola Thins.
Eventually it shot across the room and behind a rather fetching glass-fronted antique bookcase. Now, when they were tiny new kittens, the catbags convinced me they had somehow escaped by hiding behind this exact same bookcase. But since they have mutated grossly in size since then, they were unable to pursue the mouse into its new hiding place. As it was already about eleven at night, we decided to give up and leave the cat/mouse situation to resolve itself overnight.
What are your favourite dresses?
For Molly's senior pictures the photographers put together a video of her photo shoot.....it was beautiful and when we got to see it, I cried. I won't subject you all to watching it, only because I don't know how to get it from my FB page to my blog. So go ahead....I can hear you sigh in relief. ;o)
Sent on behalf of:
Just have a look at the prominent ANC members and other blacks associated with them :
On another organizational note, the dried nuts and fruits I keep for quick kid snacks were threatening to take over my cabinet. I was already using clothespins to keep them shut, but needed to organize them.
Well where did January go then? It just slipped past so quickly I hardly noticed it. They say time flies when you are having fun, but I am not sure this is really the case.
After work on Friday, I was able to get a ride over to Vassar Farm. I was barely out of the car when a first of season barn swallow landed on a power line in the parking lot! I was able to get a couple of shots before the wind blew him off the line and he flew away.
You see, I have been praying for something.
“Can’t forget the salaat.”
Make sure to check out each member's blog. There will be some fun prizes along the way, AND there will be some AWESOME ideas! So for this blog hop I made this altered journal.
Jean Stringam grew up in Alberta, Canada, taking three of her five degrees there, and remembers wonderful days riding horses, back-packing, and skiing with her family in the Canadian Rockies. Now that she lives far away from her five children and five sisters, located on both sides of the 49th parallel, she spends a lot of time travelling to see them. When they get together they love to make music, attend live theatre, and hear each other’s tales.
I love soft tofu cooked this way. It goes down well with steamed rice
One, without question. The Vampire Diaries nearly owns my world right now.
2. Bensonhurst
The numbers are mind blowing and it doesn’t even take into account our vastly different food cultures.
Yes, my Otley beer was sampled and I'm thrilled to say that it was everything I'd hoped it would be - full of aromatic lime and lemon notes from the botanicals of kaffir lime, lime skins and lemon grass - as well as the glorious Sorachi Ace hops - and with just the right spicy undercurrent to offset the sweetness provided by galangal.
What events led to the death of your Simulacrum, and your re-imprisonment in your Stasis?
Deirdra: What authors do you admire, and why?
However, even then, I didn't buy any of this "affable" crap. I HATE it when people use that word to describe you. You are the farthest thing from "affable" that I can think of. You are, in fact, a sullen, spoiled little frat boy with a cruel streak, and the diametric opposite of any person that "I would have a beer with."
Now there's a good upstanding Irish name for ya. Happy Saint Paddy's day to you guys. How many of you folks will be imbibing of the green ale today? Not me. No, the only thing green in my beer will be the lime in my Corona. I don't think they do green beer in Panama.
BUT IN THE 'MOMENT' I SEE HIM SO CLEARLY!! IN THE 'MOMENT' HE GIVES ME STRENGTH TO PUSH ON!! IN THE 'MOMENT' HE MAKES ME GREAT!!! IN THE 'MOMENT' MY FAILURES ARE CONSUMED IN HIS HOLY FIRE!! IN THE 'MOMENT' I SEE THE POWER OF HIS CROSS!!!! I SEE MY WEAKNESS AND HOW WONDERFUL HE IS TO DIE FOR ME!!!!
The basic problem for most people is that we do not pay attention to the name when the person is introduced. Usually we are thinking of what we are going to say or some other aspect of the situation and we miss the name. So the first rule to remember people’s names is to pay attention when we are introduced or first hear the name. It is good to repeat the person’s name when you are introduced. Most people will be flattered when you express interest in their name. So if you ask a question about it, you will both flatter the person and strengthen your memory. By now you know that to remember something you need to make it meaningful. . Some names are inherently meaningful, for example, Rose, Temple, Church, Carpenter. Take advantage of this. You also know that forming mental pictures or images enhance memorability. So you could imagine the individual holding a rose, going into a temple, going into a church, or working as a carpenter. Concentrate on the sound rather than the spelling of the name. Consider the following names and how easy it is to form a mental image of them: Taylor, Cook, Barber, Skinner, Glazer, Pacer, Blocker, Fisher, Shepherd, Potter, Mayer, Forman, Judge, King, Noble, Winter, Sommer, Spring, Snow, Rains, Bagel, Crown, Bridges, Turner, Brown, Miller, Coyne, Glass, Bell, Tucker, Katz, Bolling, Frett, Powers, Freed, Hart, Stamp, Walker, Graves, Berry, Gill, Storm, Rich, Post, Marsh, Moore, Roper, Hyde, Prince, Park, Price, Holliday, Colt, Rodes, Fawcett, Holland, Bush, Bushman, Martini, Land, Baker, Brooks, Porter, Love, Mailer, Tanner, Baron, Ashe, Banks, Allwood, Tower, Crater, Fountain, Hedges, Bloom, Starr, Burr, Fairweather, Feather, Lemmon, Cobb, Roach, Cruz, Plummer, Trapper, Bateman, Gates, Bellow, Rivers, Keyes, Bishop, Goldwater, Ford, Booth, Foote, Trout, Gallup, Carver, Potts, March, Bolt, Garland, Byer, Angel, Farmer, Brewer, Webb, Dancer, Flagg, Bowler, Spinner, Nichols, Bowes, Silver, Gold, Frank, Marshall, Lane, Boyle, Knot, Teller, Steel, Bacon, Klapper, Pullman, Archer, and Kane. There are many more, these are just some examples. Some other names can be made more memorable with a little elaboration. Smith, a common name, is one that is especially embarrassing to forget. Smith can easily be elaborated to blacksmith. Marriott, Hilton, and Hyatt are also hotel names so you can form a specific image for each hotel. See if the sound of the name can be converted into an image that you can then combine with the image of the person or certain features on a person’s face.
"agonist" index, with the nastiness of a Haitian voodoo doll. Hence
QVC’s eCommerce revenue increased 16 percent to $422 million from $364 million in the third quarter and rose to 35 percent from 31 percent as a percentage of U.S. sales. The product mix continued to show a steady growth in electronics, accessories, beauty and kitchen whereas jewelry sales declined.
At university you aren’t making art, you’re studying it. It’s like you are student of medicine.
Note that the third step is not strictly speaking finitist but formal: it requires taking the distributivity of product over a summation as axiomatic if induction is not accepted. This justifies the following:
Good luck Jimmy, the star in my blog for today. Carmen will be up there, looking down and cheering you on with the rest of us.
The Corn Refiners Association “has been trying to counter the bad publicity around HFCS since 2004,” but concluded it “could no longer afford to rely on simple grass-roots marketing tactics such as talking with nutritionists and doctors.”
PLEASE DON'T DO THAT.
-I’m getting the momentum going for 200 posts!
Floral Design by Rook & Rose
Little Miss Adorable has Prader-Willi Syndrome. This results from a random deletion on chromosome 15. There are a host of physical and behaviour difficulties resulting from this deletion, but nowhere have I read about the Princess Gene.
Since the beginning of my process of documenting my journey of discovery and enrichment of my inner world, my journals have gradually included many more empirical sources, and I have been giving serious consideration to the viewpoints of those who do not necessarily share my enthusiasm for inclusion of elements that are currently outside of empirical scrutiny. Many of the entries are directly related to my ongoing research to come to terms with the ineffable nature of human consciousness, but occasionally portions of my personal life and side trips through interesting books and articles appear, illuminating the complex process of assimilation of the many layers that contribute to our understanding of all things.
We really needed our house in Georgia to sell...it had been a long three years.
Jesus sent us to proclaim the gospel of the Kingdom in which God is glorified by the reign of Christ as Lord of one’s life, but we have resorted to proclaiming a gospel of salvation instead. Don’t think I am disparaging the simplicity of the gospel; I was saved by praying a sinner’s prayer in childlike faith. However, once people give intellectual assent to the premise of our presentation and sign on the dotted line, then it should not be an exercise in futility to persuade them to tithe, attend church, serve the Lord and live according to Christlike character.
Which brings me to the point. Doug Wright wrought the perfect sentence. The single sentence that has stuck with me more than any other in terms of who I am as an artist. In the play Quills, the laundress Maddie is caught reading the Marquis de Sade’s sexually violent Justine and is asked why she reads “that filth”. She responds, “If I wasn’t such a bad woman on the page, I couldn’t be such a good woman in life.”
i then ripped and cut sections out and modge podged them the the wooden letters.
A Singular Gift is a story that most can appreciate, what with sibling rivalries, friendship drama, and realizations about family and parents. I would recommend it for those who have an interest in magic and witches.
Hope you're getting through your week with great aplomb, and here's to many wonderful evenings of good food and friendship wherever you may be. Cheers.
In the countdown to Earth Day, Healthy Planet is gearing up for Earth Day lesson plans to be taught in schools across the UK. Having spoken with and sent our free teaching resources to primary schools, we hope that young students everywhere are learning about environmental issues as well as about the changes that they can make in their everyday live for a better future, starting with Earth Day 2010.
07 New Face in Hell
We looked at the very strange ritual of the Shuttle Discovery circling Washington DC on April 17th in great detail here and this past week the Enterprise flew from DC up to do the same thing in Manhattan. A massive faux pas was avoided when the event was scheduled away from Richard Hoagland's birthday on the 25th and the event took place on the 27th.
Tuesday, Mr. W and I got to go to the Coldplay concert at the Hollywood Bowl.
Due to this construction process, it really makes no sense to try and shorten the piece once you are too far into the work...and I was beyond the point of no return! So I just ripped it all out and started over. But I love the end result and it was worth all that time I invested in it!
But, admittedly, it's not all about private schools and aristocratic backgrounds. The point is that this neo-colonial mindset has been passed on to all those SWP automatons who literally memorise the party line before they let themselves loose on the streets
Feb 24 Paper Deadlines, 12 noon
Never really want to be either.
corridors of
52. Tao was born on May 2, 1993. Height ± 183-185cm, and weighs 70kg
In October 2011, with the help of Dean Haskins, Duncan Sunahara requested a copy of his sister Virginia’s Certificate Of Death.
"Yeah. The war that time forgot," I replied.
Michael Kors Cross Body Bag $128 Saks Fifth AVenue Off Fifth
Although there is some narrative in this prose piece, it is primarily an essay in which Berry is very explicit about the values of the creaturely life of the farm and an idyllic past. I like the piece, but being an old Kentucky boy myself, I also recall and treasure the values that Berry waxes eloquently about here. I also like the piece because Berry’s prose is, like the farm work he values, carefully crafted, artistically controlled, and thus beautiful in its purity.
]Oh, god, it was just enough to make you want to BARF taking her in for her haircut at the beauty shop around the corner. The ladies in the shop were all "Awwww! She's so CUUUTE!! She looks so great even WITH her new hair cut!"
I received the gift from Zipfizz to try around the holidays. I do send my apologies to the company for the delayed review....I was a little skeptical about trying it because I am not huge into energy drinks and since I am not doing any hard core training right now, I didn't see the benefit. The kind people of Zipfizz sent me a gift of 6 tubes in a variety of flavors (orange soda was my favorite) and a really awesome water bottle to try and challenged me to see how I feel at the end of the week.
Brad Ross: Mangum identifies him with 100% certainty twice, the only person done so. But he was in Raleigh--this evidence was presented to DPD.
As my regular blog readers have long known, I am totally addicted to classic movies, so addicted that I generally watch at least a dozen of them each week. One scene that is quite common to those oldie goldies is opening the apartment door to find a quart of milk just waiting to be picked up, brought inside, and poured into a big tall glass. Home-delivered milk was quite the norm in decades past...not just in those old movies, but in the lives of everyday people as well, and I have wished for years that I could obtain my milk that way. It's just so old-fashioned...so 1940's...so vintage.
1. The duty of your marriage­union requires unity. Can you not agree with your own flesh?
Apparently the concern is in 2013, the sun will reach a stage of its cycle when these large events are more likely. This might strike you as a bit strange, as you’ve probably heard (as have I) that the sun has been especially active for the last half-century or so and is expected to die down in the next couple of years – I spoke to Marcus Chown, the physicist and author of We Need to Talk about Kelvin, who said “Solar activity has been abnormally high for the past 50 years, but the extremely feeble start to the latest 11-year cycle suggests this activity is coming to an end and things are going to be quiet on the Sun for quite a few years.” Dr Ruth Bamford, a plasma physicist at the Rutherford-Appleton Laboratory, agrees: “The sun has been particularly quiet for the last few years in a protracted solar minimum. It has just woken up, as it were, and started its usual 11-year cycle a bit later than most.”
It also accuses Kgosi Kgafela of having written letters to some public offices using derogatory and abusive language against the national leadership.
“Is it versatile enough?”
The NPA is without a doubt the most committed and coherent revolutionary party in France, and undoubtedly the one I would have voted for if I had a vote in France. It's failure to stand up against racism on that occasion reflects how deeply racism is rooted in French political culture as a whole. The struggle against racism cannot be reduced to the struggle against the extreme right.
Next, I saw this ANCIENT old sewing table sitting there looking so sad, I felt sorry for her. Truth be told, I broke one of my own "rules" by buying her...in a way. I never buy something I'm not sure I can salvage and she's pretty far gone....but she has a redeeming quality. See those legs? Those are gorgeous and even if I can't salvage the top part, the legs could be reused as a table base. They are actually quite modern looking if you look at the geometric quality of them! That piece is what nearly broke my back. I just about dropped her as I tried to slide her out of the car. Those legs are cast iron and heavy as lead!
1 Corinthians 3:18-19 “Let no one deceive himself. If anyone among you seems to be wise in this age, let him become a fool that he may become wise. For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, “He catches the wise in their own craftiness.”
An open door is nice, but it just won’t do it.
1958
Boy group BEAST who recently teased us with their newest ballad song “Clenching a Tight Fist” has back to tease the fans with their MV Teaser for their newest title song “SOOM” a.k.a “Breathe” off their upcoming album “Mastermind” on 23 September 2010.
Under the guise of adherence to process the OWS movement has developed many lists of the wrongs of capitalism but has assured discussion of demands are not entertained to define the movement. This echoes back to a debate at the turn of the last century in German Social Democracy between Rosa Luxemburg and Eduard Bernstein. Bernstein is famously remembered for arguing that the movement is everything and the program is not essential. Rosa Luxemburg on the other hand argued for making the program of social democracy concrete by clearly defining the nature of the economic crisis, the tasks of the working class and the need to adhere to class based and internationalist principles. The collapse of international social democracy in the face of the imperialist war that broke out in August 1914 (European socialists supported their national ruling classes instead of opposing the inter-imperialist war) was the consequence of Bernstein’s method. Today as the “99%” tries to self define the lesson of 1914 should not be ignored.
It is difficult to find a decent running partner in today’s world.
You and your brother are best friends. I love to see the way you look up to him, they way you want to do everything he does, to be just like him. I love to see how loving you are with Taylor. Always saying "Come on sissy, follow me", making sure she is always included. You have just the right mix of shy and bossy with a little bit of attitude thrown in.
- I used an 8 x 8 pan and baked it for 52 minutes.
GOD’S WORD; AND THE POWER OF GOD IS RELEASED TO CAUSE A DESIRED CHANGE AS I
The professional psychiatric community apparently agrees:
No stir in the air, no stir in the sea,
Most Disney fans know that Mickey Mouse was originally called Mortimer. He was renamed Mickey at the suggestion of Walt Disney's wife, Lillian. But see how many of these more obscure Disney names you know:
There are no immediate replies from either Belmont Lay or Nicole Seah on the controversy. According to some unverified rumors circulating in cyberspace, they registered their marriage ‘quietly’ last year.
Bank Nifty Futures
On a different note, and in light of Sexual Assault Awareness Month, I’d like to make a few observations on Katniss and how she morphs through the series.
( ) wait and see if anyone finds out about it.
I have a duty to put their interests and the interests of the British National Party first.
Since my Dad has moved into the nursing facility, my mother has made it her mission to visit him twice daily and spend time with him having devotions in both the morning and the evening. This is something very meaningful for him and she makes the effort to be there. Fortunately, the facility is just up the block and takes her only about 5 minutes travel from door to door.
Playing with your friend before breakfast.
Paul Smith - Guitar, vocals
What is it I've done with my life?
HB, or their Dutch equivalent, launched a pretty clever Augmented Reality campaign this week.
I go for a run in the afternoon. I run twice a week. That's enough for this sore body.
Parents and young readers will have fun looking at all the funny and silly pictures that capture all the things that can happen with just one little spill. Little hands will be able to turn the board book pages all by themselves. Little ones will giggle and laugh. Simple words and easy
I used to wake from those dreams in a cold sweat, trying to shake off the nightmarish visions shooting like daggers into my mind. I shakily sat up and looked around with bleary eyes, and breathed a sigh of comfort.
It is the latest controversy to hit French firm Atos, who are being paid £100million a year to weed out cheats.
After considering the 'it's as good as unicorns and candy sparklers' vase wallpaper, me and A from A came to the sad conclusion that it's just too pricey pants...it's a realization I come to on my own almost daily as I consider umpteen wallpaper choices for my home- why christ does the stuff have to be so damn expensiventee?
Just don’t ask me if a centimeter is longer than a foot.
Nowadays, when you think about “apocalyptic awareness,” you think of Protestant sectarians of various kinds, who have definite ideas about what is going to happen at the end of this age. It is not only religious thinkers, however, but also ordinary secular philosophers who talk about the end of the world in a very bold way. I will give you an example, one who should be close to us because he is an Orthodox writer: Alexander Solzhenitsyn. He has been outside of Russia since 1974, and has written about life in the Soviet Union and especially in the Soviet labor camps, the infamous Gulag. He is not what one would consider a “mystical” or “vague” thinker, or someone who’s up in the clouds; he is very down-to-earth.
* I reserve the right to completely change my mind on this.
As both Mr B-in-B and I are writers, it was always much of a given that we’d write our own vows. However, as both Mr B-in-B and I are writers, there’s a whole lot of pressure for them to be good.
Kids, in my opinion, don't expect a lot from their parents. They see the world in simple terms: fun or not, good or bad, happy or sad, etc. And because they are so free in their thoughts, unencumbered by the "benefit of perspective and experience" that drives so much fear and caution in adults, they are free to explore the infinite details of their worlds. Their world involve newness, and wonder, and freedom, and possibility, and joy. And so many adults do the exact opposite to their children - they make them live in a world of experience and training, and realism, and restriction, and probability, and structure - mostly designed for the convenience of the parent, not for the benefit of the miraculous child. For a child, the ideal want ad might look something like this:
Historia De Un Amor
She's getting so good at playing Peek-a-boo. When you say, "Where's Abby?" she covers her eyes (sometimes she covers her ears, but I think it's because she's misjudged where her eyes are, lol.) Then we she uncovers them we say, "There she is!" and she just laughs :) She is a climber. She climbs up on the PBK chairs. She can now get into the little rocking chair. At the doctor's office it wasn't good enough to climb up onto the little purple chair, she had to climb up onto the biggest chair as well. At Grandma's house she pushes the little foot stool across the room and uses it to get onto the ottoman or the couch. When we go outside she makes a beeline for the stairs and wants to climb up those. It's driving me crazy! She's the kid who will break a bone first, I'm sure of it.
- Researches and processes master data changes, including changes in basic employee information, general HR administration, payroll administration, health/welfare benefits administration. Executes all process steps in accordance with the client’s standard operating procedures.
Betcha thought this post was going to be about a pet, child or decor item? Nope! As I mentioned on here oh...forever ago (btw I had a huge relapse since then), and then again right after my hospital scare, I have been on a journey to make healthy lifestyle changes and get in shape. I really committed to this back in mid-January and have lost 15lbs so far, just working out 4 days a week and eating healthy.
The pattern is called Tampa Vest, designed by Julie Gaddy. It was published in the July 2009 issue of Creative Knitting Magazine. The yarn is a worsted weight silk blend. The name has escaped my mind and I can't find the tag anywhere at the moment. Rather than get frustrated though, I will look for it at the yarn store and make note of pertinent info including laundering instructions. Within 48 hours of getting that info, the tag will miraculously show up here at home.
Then shall the creation of man come to the fiery trial of proof, and many shall be offended and shall perish; but they who remain in their faith shall be saved by the rock of offense itself.
It was almost as challenging to venture out of Toronto to try to get out there to New Hamburg on the Greyhound. Leaving Toronto for Tri-City and finding oneself instead at the end diverted in Guelph was not part of the plan. Especially with the nice people already waiting in Tri-City to take you out to the venue.
01 Going Up
PRESS STATEMENT
5. Plant in new pot or old one when ready.
LITHOPS. And going to sleep with feet touching. I miss smoking.
Wedding syndrome: Unrealistically high expectations unattainable in reality. Only One day. Only one chance. Everything. Must. Be. Perfect. I was recently in London for a wedding where the bride suffered none of that and as a result it was one of the most enjoyable and lovely weddings I've attended. However, I think I personally may have experienced a bit of wedding syndrome on one of my latest bar visits.
Next seperate all of your english muffins and lay them on a cookie sheet. Toast them up in the oven for about 10 minutes. You can do this on the bottom shelf of the oven so it's all cooking at the same time.
and plants the first pansies, as colorful
The $525,438 grant was rubber-stamped by the city’s allocation committee later that month.
To top off the shrinkage, two of the sessions were combined into one at the last moment, just to group people together and make the thing fill up the time before lunch. And there would be no coffee or tea for the coffee break. Just a break.
- Eat more slowly, chew and savor each bite more, and breath in the process
as i type, they are performing a bone marrow aspiration.
Saameira: Sorry, Maisa. Sorry I failed you. Please forgive me.
Just as Kreider was being sprung from the box, Carlson was caught a bit flat-footed at the New York line. The swift-footed Kreider collected the puck and barreled through the neutral zone and in alone on Holtby. He fired but the Caps goaltender shrugged the puck to the corner to keep the Rangers from drawing even.
After the band packed up and left, and Tom took Megan home, I had the whole church to myself. It was quiet and dimly lit and felt sparkly with anticipation. I played through my solo harp pieces. Sang through the vocal selections one more time. With abandon. Figured out a better ending for "Baloo Lammy."
Both books are very heavy on character development and relationships between the characters, and so many of the characters came across as real and likable. Kiram, the scholarly boy with the genius for mechanics, and Javier, the lord controlling the white hell, are of course the best drawn as the main protagonists the books focus on. Yet reading about any of them was immensely enjoyable, and all the friends from the academy had such a wonderful camaraderie shown through humorous, smoothly written dialogue. Even childlike Fedeles, whose conversation mainly consists of singing the names of his favorite horses, shines as sweet and good-natured - and was a character I really cared about in spite of the fact that he is not even normally coherent.
I'm two-weeks post-cleanse, now. One pound has come back, but I understand that's typical. Otherwise, I've maintained the losses.
You may need to add a lot more data points such as History, Science, Archeology, Anthropology, Folklore — who knows? Writers are known for the habit of collecting trivia about everything and anything.
New Zealand for me was a perpetual exiting attack on the senses. The landscape is epic. I would meet new people all the time who just happened to be from the other side of the globe and who happened to have a wonderful, youthful, calm form of carpe diem. That’s the word. Youthful. Not so much “young” but New Zealand made me feel alive, like a kind yet dangerous 20 year old.
For bloggers of color who reveal their racial identity and whose blogs tackle race and cultural politics, this has meant contending with hate mail.
I really enjoyed working with these clients on all aspects of the kitchen design, but my favorite part was creating the new space plan. I’m really glad my clients’ “went for it” and decided to invest in taking out the bearing wall. I think a lot of people are afraid to tackle such projects because they think they are prohibitively expensive. That's not always the case and often times the transformation is worth the cost.
“Having a girl fight his battles for him,” said the smallest, though size was definitely relative, olive-skinned one. He wore a jacket that had his last name, Rodriguez, embroidered above a basketball on the left side.
Material: Plyboo: www.plyboo.com
-He told Beau the other day that he (Reed) needed to go on a jog so that he could be helpful.
One more book arrived for review as well, to add to my new stash of ARCs. This is a bit of a wild card YA novel from Random House Children's Books - definitely not something I'd normally have picked up - but we'll see. It's the first book in a new series (another one?!), it's called Black Arts: The Books of Pandemonium, and it's a collaborative effort (another one?!) from Andrew Prentice and Jonathan Weil. I'm not sure what the plot is about, but I gather it involves historical London, magic, John Dee and a young hero rather mischievously called 'Jack the Nipper'...
the Nile and the Singapore River have played a key role in the history and development of Egypt and Singapore respectively. It would not be wrong to say that this stamp issue will be a treasured and special one for stamp collectors, as well as for all those who are interested in the important role of the two rivers in the two countries over the years.
As Chris was looking at Ann, he noticed a shine. The bedroom door was open, and straight at the opposite end of the hall was the other bedroom, the bedroom of the child that Chris and Ann had but lost on a horrible day when accidents happen and lives are lost through random human error. A light was growing from that bedroom, and it was bursting through the hall and into Chris’s bedroom.
Anyway, I am so looking forward to watching my son play soccer, I mean run around on the field.
and children bubble
We discussed narration, and I told her about how I’d written Ellie so quickly (50K words in 30 days) and that I’d done Ebon not long before, so I struggled with keeping Ellie’s close 3rd person voice throughout, rather than slipping into the sardonic omnicient 3rd narration of Ebon’s tale from time to time. We also discussed the infamous show-don’t-tell rule, and she showed me examples where I’d done each one, while giving suggestions for how to show more of the things I told. Oh! And she said I’d created Nana’s house so concretely that she felt it was an actual house I’d known in life. It’s not, but parts of it are based in reality, and I drew a floorplan for how I thought it would actually look before i wrote about it. That helped a lot, but I am pleased to know that the world I was creating seemed visual and real to the reader, too!
and these two are on loan to us
One half of a large onion, diced
~ Reasons to live the life that I’ve chosen.
Heads up. I’m not writing any of this stuff for any particular audience. It’s truly going to be a resource for me. However, if you do find it helpful then that is a third good reason too.
For more than a decade, Ms Swisshelm made trouble and enjoyed doing it. In a brilliant piece in her newspaper, she described her feelings about what was refered to as “the woman’s sphere.”
On the first day we lugged everything that could be carried to the alleyway where we built and loaded some eighteen pallets. I was thankful for the additional help of my friends Patrick Griffin (of Canada Type in Toronto) and Norm Ravvin of Montreal, and to Glenn’s widow Bernadette for laying out a wonderful lunch for the crew. The skids were picked up by a local mover and taken to a warehouse to await a truck from Nova Scotia. By the end of the day we were nearly unable to move from exhaustion, but were much soothed by a great supper provided by papermaker David Carruthers.
Leighton Meester decided that she wanted to go for trends and she wore this nude tulle dress by Marchesa which was very pretty. The red lipstick seems to be a celeb fav with nude. Anyhow, I actually like her tulle as compared to Scarlett's. She has this feminine look and this gown would look good on no one but her, so yaay for that. Very pretty Leighton.
"plus the bathrooms are very modern and clean and they have the BEST collection of modern glass, all on display".
Regret. A word for big mistakes, and small oversights. I thought I was careful. My blunder, financial. When the doctor told me I should get an echocardiogram, I let them make the appointment. They named several nearby facilities, all having basically the same words in their names, just in different orders. I picked one on a road I am familiar with.
About a month ago I was browsing on Shutterfly for something to buy Chris because I had a coupon since I shop on there so much haha. They came out with these "frameless" picture frames that are so neat. They have 3 different sizes but I couldn't decide which pictures I wanted to use so of course I had to go with the biggest one- 8x10. It turned out so cute & even better in person. My intentions were to wait until Valentines Day to give to him because he had been wanting a picture frame of us for his office but yah that definitely didn't happen. I gave it to him like 3-4 weeks early. Gosh, I suck. The other day I was like "Babe, can that count as your gift? I was supposed to wait & give it to you for Valentine's but I was too excited." haha. Of course he was okay with that. You can see what it looks like below.
"How do I get to Heathrow?" he asked.
There must have been a time when you entered a room and met someone and after a while you understood that, unknown to either of you, there was a reason you had met. You had changed the other or he (or she) had changed you. By some word or deed or just by your presence together the errand had been completed.
8. Suggestion/Why go
I’d love to hear about your spring. Leave a comment. Have you ever had butterflies?
The French lager St Cervois represents all this deep history of cooking lager enthusiasm in every little 25cl bottle. Without beers like this I doubt there would be cooking lager aficionados gracing the beer world. This 4.8% crisp drop of heaven is all cooking lager is truly about. Necking cheap grog and belching. £3 for 8 at Sainsbury’s. To drink it is to drink the whole history of cheap lout appreciation, and become part of that history.
So, if you can't go to dim sum....what's a girl who is REALLY craving it to do? Bring the dim sum to you! I have had a couple of dim sum books for over 2 years now but had not gotten around to using them. Making dim sum is an involved process and to make it worth your while (and be authentic) you really have to have more than one type of food. So, in a nutshell, I was very intimidated by the thought of making dim sum.
Every entry is presented with an at-a-glance guide to the butterfly's size, location of origin, and conservation status. A detailed color photo of each specimen clearly shows its unique, intricate markings. Nature lovers and butterfly collectors will find practical tips for locating and studying these beautiful and fragile insects in the wild.
We are watching something really cool that not many people get to see!!!
"Nah," I smiled back. "Paper-plateistan."
We were just about finished, and it looked promising that I wouldn’t have to fake a urinary emergency to get out of there before dinner. He said that our location had been recognized by headquarters as a key component to the company’s success, and that my pay increase was commensurate with my contribution to that success. I thought about how bad our economy had become if my 23-cent-an-hour raise was an accurate reflection of how the company was embracing twenty-first century technology while becoming a leader in markets it chose to dominate.
Emerson: Wrong again! It’s very cozy! Though it would be even cozier if someone would scratch my neck.
“May Day on May 1 is an ancient Northern Hemisphere spring festival and usually a public holiday; it is also a traditional spring holiday in many cultures.
6dpt...Placenta cells begin to secret HCG in the blood
But the company, Vodokanal, said it was a serious attempt to improve control over what comes out of the smokestack.
The martial art that I’m considering is aikido. I’ve identified three dojos that I plan to visit during the month of May. If all goes according to plan I’ll start my new journey in June.
Amy takes him down to the barn.
I took my answer of $36,500 and divided it by a year to see how much I'd have to save per month. Then I divided it further:
Thanks for reading, Cakesters. Here’s to another 100.
I couldn't find any stamps to match my first ideas for J - I even put some 'orphans' away whilst searching! - and then I had a brainwave. This stamp was part of a set bought last year, and fitted beautifully - just hadn't thought of using a Christmas stamp. The white tag was stamped with black versafine and clear embossed, then sponged with distress inks, mostly tumbled glass, broken china and chipped
Well, hello there mate!
We will hit 3 months on Saturday. I cannot believe it! They are sleeping from between 7:30 and 8:00 at night until about 5 am. I never thought we would hit this but we have. They are talking to us, and smiling and laughing. I am having so much fun with these babies.
And, former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was described by the BBC in 1957 as "very pretty, and dresses most attractively. Very feminine ... her main charm was that she does not look like a career woman."
What say you?
“It might not feel fair for the family, and I am sorry for their loss,” he said. “But this is not at all like the case in Florida, other than they are both tragedies.”
UPDATE: A family read this post on Facebook and immediatley knew these were their girls. They contacted us while we were still in Ethiopia and have begun the process to adopt them!!!! Isn't God truly amazing.
Recently I discovered this article. It’s about segmented sleep patterns and how in history humans used to have 2 sleeps and wake up for a few hours between them, each night. It’s really interesting and worth the read. I had a first and second sleep the other night and I’m as fresh as a daisy. I think there’s a lot of worth in the article. Let me know what you think of it id really like to hear from you if it’s regular for you to have 2 sleeps. I might try and change my routine a bit. The question is, what to do with that time between sleeps? Blog, watch tv, visit friends? Unlikely if none of them are awake. There are other options but I’ll let you read them in the article.
On a related note, I've created a Kinzinger position page that I would like to run by you for accuracy sake before I start helping you spread your word to my friends and neighbors. Please have a flunky, er, assistant or someone respond and let me know if any of your positions have been misrepresented. You may appreciate the form of the questions which closely mirrors the style and technique of some political polls I've received in the past. Please keep to the yes/no answer format.
There are many who walk the earth who are not fully human and to those we send a gentle reminder, you may not be fully human but you inhabit a human body, it is this human body that cries out for balance and harmony at this time. Many are taking care of the needs of the spirit whilst ignoring the needs of the physical body, we guide strongly this pulls the BEing out of balance. It is not possible to be in balance when your body cries out for harmony and balance and you do not listen, the ascension process as it has been named by many on planet earth is not only about the SOUL. The SOUL carries the energy of ALL that IS but the human body is the vehicle for the SOUL, a body that is not in balance and whos needs are ignored is a BEing out of balance.
I have little doubt something will happen and that I will scrape enough to make a limited number of purchases; I just hope that what I buy this year will at least get used.
When Wolfe is eventually summed to stick his prick in Ilsa's shock-haired tissue box, Mario shoots him a "dude, your balls are so going to be in a jar by sunup" look. What Mario doesn't know is that Wolfe has a trick up his sleeve–his sleeve being his penis. As Ilsa points out, it's not exactly the largest rake in the tool shed–his rake being his penis. But as she soon finds out, its thrusting prowess is second to none. Craving its long lasting power like were an overly buttered piece of toast, Ilsa has become so captivated by Wolfe's unflappable shaft, that her dedication to sadism seems to waver over the course of the film. Actually, the opposite happens, as her desire to make Anna scream hits a fever pitch. Nevertheless, it's her obsession with Wolfe's steady member and Anna's plucky determination that cause the rebellion's plans to move forward at an accelerated pace.
Paper - Coredinations Cardstock, SU patterned Paper
The ‘strap-line’ for 95% of profiles is the persons job title – when people search for you or your business, how are you going to stand out by stating your a CEO or Managing Director? Remember LinkedIn is made up solely of professionals and there are many people claiming the same job title.
I asked you if you would speak about the mass arrests, and I also, if we have time, would like to talk to you about something else you mentioned in that reading, which is the transitions to higher dimensionality that you said we can look forward to this coming month. I was hoping that you might tell the readers directly about that.
The reason that this level of prayer is required of us is that it is only through this level of prayer that we can fulfill the destiny that Our Father has for us, the Body of Christ – the destiny of being conformed to the image of the Son (Rom. 8:29). For, “Unto each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of Christ… till we all attain unto the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God… unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ” (Eph. 4:7, 13).
I got my hair did lastnight, finally got my regrowth all sorted and tested out my next colour - this colour has the potential to not work due to the many different shades of blonde there is out there but it appears to have worked out fine so peep my sneak peek below! After my hair I caught up with my good friend Carrie, this is rather convenient as she is in the below pic with me, we went out on the town just before Christmas and I wore another dress which I got in Aussie.
What theology did this Baptist church hold to? Historians describe this as a General Baptist type of church which held to an Arminian belief of free-will (as opposed to a Calvinist doctrine of predestination). So should Calvinistic Baptists continue claiming what is “truly evangelical”?
‘Ah Lilly, good to have you with us.’ The figure smiled. ‘My name is Vonnie and I’m going to help you settle in and show you around. How would you like that?’
Who set his people free
The challenge this fortnight over at FSC is Monochrome.
The Resistance of the Cell
A sweetest spread impossible.
Strange and “inappropriate” as it may seem, I’m in mourning for my Rumours. Thing is, I don’t hang with people who use words like “inappropriate;” they’re unlikely to purvey mystery, or to be willing to experience OOTN, even a single time. I don’t entirely trust folks like that. I have a sneaking hunch that those are the kind of folks who tore down our Wine Bar. I don’t know any of them personally, so I can’t rightly judge. But I have this notion that our values don’t much overlap, that they might not see the value in talking with crazy people well into the night, or in twinkly lights or in mystery per se. I think they might actually like big televisions hanging over the bar, so they won’t have engage in the requisite Koestler vs. Orwell debate with the old guy (of indeterminate nationality) two seats down. Unfortunately, these are the guys whose vision of neighborhood is going to be implemented on our street. *note: I am willing to be proven wrong about this. And if I am, I will be glad to declare my wrongness in these pages. Developers: shut me up, prove I’m mistaken about your seemingly prosaic vision. I dare you.
"PhitGrip was invented by a gymaholic germaphobe. Sick and tired of getting sick (and then tired) from frequent gym visits our plucky entrepreneur decided to do something about it." --excerpt from PhitGrips website.
When will Nigel present his wares for public scrutiny? Only time will tell, but I can guarantee you that when he does, his name will be one to watch. I wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors, in this current climate with small brewers popping up all over the place, it can be hard to make a name for yourself. If you can make consistently high quality beers though, people will become loyal to your brand and the beers you make.
My son and I were in the checkout line at the grocery store and course there were people behind us.
The Narcissist
Bows. A lot of bows. A lot of bows that I hand-tied from a spool of ribbon. 140 bows to be exact, IF I counted correctly. Itty, bitty bows. The grid behind the bow is off of my Making Memories mat - in half-inch increments. Well, they're the bittiest bow I could make out of that ribbon.
But what isn't there to like about Cinderella? Poor girl who was dealt a crappy hand and was mistreated her whole life...finally she catches a break and the eye of the hot guy. I'm sure every woman can relate to that story. She dazzles him with her charm and they live happily ever after.
mean?
A world painted with such variety could not possibly hold truths and lessons so boring as just black and white
The wily swamp rat watched for a moment, projecting the movements of his quarry. Their pattern was so unvaried that he could predict their movements several dozen yards ahead. Like a six-foot snake, the American glided quietly through the water and tree roots ahead of the man closest to him. There would be a spot, when the two scouts were farthest apart, that one could be taken without alerting the other. He took a breath and ducked under the water.
Since I have been receiving a lot of comments on my name change from BLEAUNOTES to AURORA MOREALIST, that’s the flavour of the day in my wee orbit. So far, all very positive compliments; people seem to really like my new moniker but the question I keep getting is why did I change it?
06. LA, LA (Jam)
Click the thumbnails above for a larger image of each photo. You will see the may apple plant in many different stages of growth.
local artists? Not many I bet, we sure are fortunate to have them on the radio dial.
Add anchovy sauce, shrimp sauce, sugar, and pre-made pureed ginger.
The Politics of ‘The Hunger Games’
"As a mind reader, I suppose!" Deanna suggests.
Now just stumbling blocks
“Here’s what people said to me when I took this on,” Blumer said. “‘You better call DSS.’ And I thought, what is going on with us? Why is it that we continue this constant shrugging of our responsibility as Christians off to government agencies, putting our trust in them as if they will perform the duties that will save these children’s lives?”Among the current GOP candidates, Blumer likes Ron Paul’s libertarianism but knows he’s unlikely to win and dislikes the way Paul himself is treated as a savior.
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA – A drug suspect was taken to a federal holding facility and “accidentally left in one of the cells” last month until he was found with methamphetamines and and taken to the hospital, the Drug Enforcement Administration said Monday.
wash away my civilized stench
Jeremy Irons as Rodrigo Borgia and Lotte Verbeek as Guilia Farnese
The first is by a group fronted by three women, or girls if you like. I know absolutely nothing of this group, apart from the fact that they are (or were) called Balandzan, which at least suggests a connection with Biton (see my earlier post). I discovered this song on a tape with a mix of Malian artists, and immediately fell for the sheer joy and even cheekyness of the three girls. My guess is that they're singing about boys acting tough but not getting things done, which certainly seems an appropriate theme, - and not only in Mali.
28. Clinical evidence shows that at a certain point, stress and caffeine-related alterations of hormones and metabolic functions may not be reversible! That scares me!
Not only did he not pass on the details to police or children, but he actively coerced the children into staying silent. And he has LIED about the support the children were given.
Biennial salsify and scorzonera flower their 2nd year and one must be diligent in saving the seed lest it all float away on a windy day.
This works best on a small circular board. You can play it where both players are trying to capture the other (by landing on the same spot) or you can play it where one player is trying to run away and the other catch up. A player trying to escape needs to have another goal, like to survive for a set amount of time, or to pick up all of a type of object or to circle the board a set number of times.)
The New York school system was also getting a thorough shake. In July 1896, Strong and an emboldened state legislature passed the School Reform Law, which for the first time created a centralized education system in the city. Previously, schools were governed by city wards, a practice allowing for uneven educational opportunities and fertile ground for all manner of dishonesty.
The source has run out, and we’ve done what we could. The fire has run out of wood and we’ve done all we could.
The worst, in my opinion are the people who walk every which way on the Jackie Onassis reservoir, turning New York's best place for running into an obstacle course. I run there because my knees, after 32 years of looping the track, are painful. The soft, cinder surface suits perfectly my permanently pained patella, so I battle the tourists while I shuffle round and round the 1.557-mile loop.
And I said, “Here am I. Send me!”
I had a lovely time talking (progressively more loudly, natch) to friends new and old last night.
That slack, however, goes right out the window once you take into consideration that this has the same problems going for it as Attack Of The 50 Foot Woman.
What sort of books are you interested in acquiring? Are you seeking any particular themes or subjects at the moment, or does your taste remain fairly consistent?
So many times, people say to get to Glenwood or Glenelg to just take Rte. 32. It is not the most direct way to travel, and certainly isn’t as scenic. The back roads that connect east and west, and north and south get you past some interesting sites, like this one.
Because it led to one of the greatest stories you will ever hear.
After I received one of these in my March Teen Vogue box, I went right out and purchased Joy. I LOVE IT!! But since I already have the color, I am trading this for Amused, which is one that I really like. Joy is a gorgeous color though, don't be fooled by the bright orange!! The breakdown:
The Loop has enabled features, or dynamic tools that are both flexible and relevant; with follow, share and report functions taking up much of the screen real-estate. This ensures a smoother and familiar use of the service promoting customer trust and loyalty. However with features, there always runs the risk of there being an excess; this is otherwise known as ‘feature fatigue‘.
The bidding is excruciating for me, so I did not stay in that room for long. But, the best thing about the evening was that my piece went to friends of my son's. I love the idea that young people are starting a collection of original art. That they wanted my piece was a HUGE compliment. Thanks Jason and Lindsay, you made me so happy! And you helped the museum, too. You guys are great x 2!
Last time I was wrapping up the deck construction on the trailer. Fortunately, a lot has happened since then and I now have something that is finally starting to resemble a camper. I'll try to cover it all quickly.
BOOM! I wrote a book. I am currently on the fourth edit and am working with my editor to iron out all the kinks. It's going smashingly but...there is one rather large kink that I'm not sure what to do about. And I'd really like to tell you about it and get your thoughts and infallible wisdom. But not today. Because truthfully, I think you're all too distracted thinking about Candy the Crack Whore and the missing lug nut to give me your full attention.
Today I'm doing the '90 Useless Facts' that Akelamalu posted last Sunday. But I've restored it to its previous 100-item format by adding a few more questions of my own at the end. And because I couldn't possibly bore you with 'Useless Facts', I've renamed it 'Fascinating Facts'. Here goes:
But seriously, all I can really say is thanks for your support and hopefully your continued support. I wish I could do more like hold a contest or give out some free crap, but I can't. My band of merry idiots and myself are currently working on something new that we hope we can announce at the end of September, or at the very least before Comic-Con hits New York in October (which we shall be attending) so stay tuned for that if anything.
Super Mario 3D Land fits in neither category because its divided into areas that are subdivided into levels, but the levels don’t feel continuous, instead each feeling like its own separate, isolated structure in the middle of an abyss, and in a game that’s supposed to be expressed in that world 1 – world 8 journey within one cohesive world is the equivalent of a compilation of all the one-star galaxies in SMG2.
2. You might be healthy now, but what happens if one day you aren’t?
I want to ask him where he thinks the money is going to come from for all this extra work in the community, because nothing is ever, truly for free. Good volunteers need training and support, they need resources, buildings or spaces to work from, they need protection. If groups are going to run libraries and post offices, then they need books, they need lighting, heating, chairs, a building, they need organising. They need money.
I know what the requirements are. Trouble is, I can never which ones belong to which letters. Then I got smart and started to ignore the letters and instead paid attention to blooming times.
Here are pictures from the day: She was all ooh's and aahh's, OH MY PARTY!!, Balloons, just everything she saw she had to say ohh look pink, presents..........She talked about it for days. She even tried my mom's cake. Knowing F, You would know how much she hates all things dessert. She doesnt eat cookies, cakes, pies, donuts etc. She is a savory kid. However, she loved blowing out her candles (6 times) and when my mom cut her the first slice, she was in awe of the pinkness. She dug right in and instantly with the first bite explained "OHH YUMMY", which made my mother's day. After all, Mom did stay up until 4 am making that amazing fresh 6 layers of varying shades of pink cake with scratch frosting.
She mimicked softly what I said.
The bright and informed journalist seems to think every Jew in the world is Israeli or in an Israeli university. You know what anti-Semitism is? It is a policy aimed at all the Jews around the world. Israeli Jews are not the only Jews in the world, Mr. Sharnoff.
(adapted from: "A Taste of Africa" by Tebereh Inquai)
“Don’t forget to fly sexy.”
Keep smiling and stay great!
or ethics, but of balance.
of thy murd'rous line
I did not want to do the financial exercise. Circle time for a check in beforehand, and I am screaming into a pillow, thumping it as hard as I can, and greeting like a bairn. How wonderful to be a toddler again! Utterly liberating. This being that sort of loving, accepting space I do not think the others think any the less of me for it. I realised in this exercise that I never thought of co-operating with others.
I have loved to write for as long as I can remember. When I was in fifth grade, I published my first book, There's a Huge Pimple on My Nose: A Collection of Stories and Poems. It received a glowing review in the Los Angeles Times: "If you simply want to enjoy some remarkable writing, it would be hard to find a book more satisfying." My second book, 3 a.m., has also received high praise and was featured on the national book talk show "Between the Lines" on PBS. I have also published articles and essays in Family Circle, Writer's Digest, The Los Angeles Times, and eight Chicken Soup for the Soul books.
....... Steve worked Storm really well and knew exactly what type of shots and angles would work well.
“I just thought I’d heard something. You sounded a bit annoyed” her father replied.
As an added bonus it looks like we might be getting local flour here in our kitchen very very soon. Which means our pastas, raviolis, pies, and other floury goods will be 100% Brisbane local. Awesome. Screw this 'Made in Australia' (Packaged in China) honkey - you won't be able to get fresher than that. Just imagine how bread made of local flour will taste! Nice fresh wheat. Yumm-o!
I don’t know where to start to help change this.
Then sit back and note the new air. It could be subtle - just a small breeze barely detectable bringing in a tiny change, or it could be a huge gust delivering a new opportunity, a stroke of good luck or a new friend. Try it. What the heck.
First, remember the apostles on that lonely Saturday. What did they do? They prayed. Waiting is a great opportunity to pause and spend time in the presence of God in prayer. He wants to hear from you, and the only way you’ll have a great relationship with Him is to talk to Him. Pray for all kinds of things that you are going through, but don’t forget to pray for those who are making you have to wait. Perhaps they are having something worse than waiting that is going on with them.
Ok so, that what it looks like on. Once you apply it, around 3 minutes after it starts to harden and basically you can't move your face. When I washed it off, my skin felt very dry. Which is something that was expecting because it is suppose to get rid of everything on your face. But today in the morning my face was so soft! I noticed today that my skin look very even, even the redness of some breakouts I have was reduced.
Later that week, after the bazillion loads of laundry were done, W had a little birthday party with some friends. Half of the kids were home sick with the flu (that plagued half of the metro-St. Louis area). The other half brought their older siblings who were on their first day of spring break. Clearly, I don't have school-aged children, which is why I was clueless as to when spring break actually began.
“There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, ‘Yes, I’ve got dreams, of course I’ve got dreams.’ Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they’re still there. These are great dreams, but they never even get out of the box. It takes an uncommon amount of guts to put your dreams on the line, to hold them up and say, ‘How good or how bad am I?’ That’s where courage comes in.”
We are sponsored by the Floopy Latte and the prize is a $10.00 voucher to spend in there online store.
It is, I think, fairly uncommon (though I haven’t researched the topic in detail!) for a husband to appear in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography only as an adjunct of his wife. (Reverse examples are of course innumerable.) However, as the Foreword to Archibald Little’s posthumous collection of essays, Gleanings from Fifty Years in China, observes: ‘Official recognition and distinctions have often been awarded for achievements and services less than Archibald Little was able to render . . . But he lived and died without any such mark of honour. His friends may in some sense regret the omission; but no man needed or coveted titles or decorations less.’
Both works are great reads for nonfiction writers because you can read through the best works of today, get an idea for what type of writing styles are being utilized and learn many tips from top authors.
With bowls and Toastmasters and clubs, and holidays that impressed.
Cool Whip Save $.50/2 whipped topping dnd (4/25)
Despite blacks succeeding today in almost every area of American life, Democrats continue to portray black Americans as still getting the short end of the stick. Democrats promote an image of the authentic black experience as a majority in need of government entitlements, as people who can't find their way to acquire ID -- sitting at home watching Maury on TV, anxiously awaiting for the results of the DNA test to discover the name of Keysha's baby's daddy. This is the Democrats' black America.
Panavision London is a actual movie making rental house. Old school, nahmean? Probably not but hey, not everyone can be dumb enough to work in the film business.
Step outside the test centre and flag down any passing vehicle. You will see some disreputable types lurking near the exit. They will try to get your attention before you get into a car. You will ignore them; everyone else does.
Note: There are two ringers in here; one acquired recently, and one is mine.
I'm dying to go out and buy loads of summery clothes right now, but as per, I have no money and it's freezing outside, so I guess I'll just lust after this collection instead.
Recently, as I began to solidify my plans to begin my MA in Theology, I found that the power of marketing faith played no small role. Faith without Mandate. That’s what it said on the website for Concordia University in Irvine. My first impression of Concordia— formed over a decade ago— was that it was a small, regional, Lutheran college; small, as in narrow, small as in limited. In all my grandiosity, I had imagined I would need to study theology expansively, without limits, without the blinders of any particular denomination. I had considered Fuller and Claremont; I had looked at Biola and Azusa Pacific. I had even flirted with the idea of commuting up to Berkeley as another friend had done. Long before I even knew or understood or admitted that I would make theology my heart’s desire, I had searched every Christian university website in the Pacific north and southwest. Every one of them required a “faith statement” —- basically, a statement where a person attempts to say what precisely, exactly, they believe in a language that will be approved by those in charge. Although I’d come to accept it as necessary, everything about this requirement felt wrong to me.
Ever wished as a child that you could eat your cereal with chocolate milk, or have a piece of cake for breakfast? That's what has happened with Korean food in America. Unmoored from parental supervision (in this case, the centuries of tradition,) Korean Americans have made Korean food in America cheaper, easier and simpler, at the cost of quality. It is particularly notable that most well-off Korean Americans in America did not start out well-off -- they arrived poor, but became middle class through hard work. While Korean Americans' immigrant work ethic deserves lavish praise, it would be ludicrous to claim that those Korean Americans arrived at America with highly sophisticated culinary aesthetics. (Because rare is the case that a group of wealthy people immigrate to America, the Korean would think that similar trend may hold with other ethnic cuisines.)
“Virus”. My first thought was immediate. Where could I have picked this up? I haven’t been into any “neeckeed” picture sites..today. Ok, just “Norton” my files and things will be fine. An hour and a half later, same routine. Redirect. The usual check of any changes show nothing new being amended in any file anywhere. Restoring the computer to an earlier date brought no fix. After finally getting several searches to work properly, no articles were posted about a fix, although numerous people were reporting the same problems. One particular article was quite informative and I decided to go back and print it to see if I could find any clues. It would not “search” this title a second time. I eventually gave up that search and tried a generic search again. Redirect, redirect, redirect.
But it IS Saturday...
-Dip frosting on the stick before you attach it to the cake ball, this will make it not fall off when you dip it.
37 East Eighth Street
“Brilliant” Word
Another was when I moved to the west coast to Oregon and found myself to be one of the few Jews in the town I lived in. So I felt all of a sudden, going back from New York, this sort of… I guess at that time in my life, being in my late teens, I was looking for my identity. I felt that being Jewish was a big part of that, even though this wasn’t exploring religiosity, but it made me feel a connection to Judaism. Now when I was 16 I also went to Israel to and experienced a lot of Judaism and young American Jews, too. Israel was very different from the Judaism that we’re exposed to in America. Somehow it feels much more authentic over there. And the variety of Judaism that’s available is appealing.
Asphalt 4 Elite Racing
shade to twilight, rolling
Despite the somber mood, Sarah and Nick reminisced about the ridiculously funny moments they shared on the air together over the past two years. Some of which include a butt massage… yes, a butt massage, don’t act like you’re not thinking about getting one!
It is to another old lady on the vaporetto that I owe a central image in The Mourning Emporium, my novel set in Venice and London in the winter of Queen Victoria’s decline and death. It was a cold and humid day three years ago (yes, in Venice it can be both cold and humid at once). The Bora wind pounced on the city, pummelling the citizens with rough cold paws. Ice crackled underfoot. Mist blurred the palazzi rising out of the water. I crouched in the steamy cabin, fragrant with old ladies apparently marinated in lavender water and inflated to twice their normal volume in sweetly musty mink.
Jesus did not say, “I am one of many ways.” Friend, God has provided THE way for forgiveness and restoration to Him and that way is through His Son, Jesus Christ. Jesus died on a cross and was resurrected from the grave for our sins.
Those provisions would have allowed companies to disclose sensitive information to the government without being accountable to U.S. privacy laws. There will be more amendments offered when the bill reaches the House floor, probably Thursday or Friday.”
Émilie is a modern one-singer, multimedia tour de force about an extraordinary woman: French Enlightenment thinker Émilie du Châtelet. Émilie was many things: the brilliant physicist who first defined kinetic energy; mistress to Voltaire, among other luminaries; a prodigious mathematician and the translator of Newton’s Principia Mathematica; the author of a treatise on the happiness of women; a pioneer of what are now called financial derivatives, which she invented in part to pay off a $1 million debt to card sharks accrued in an unlucky night gambling—all achieved before she died in childbirth in 1749, when she was 42.
The next morning the old woman went out to look at the mortar, and was so ashamed of its appearance she thought she would clean it up. She dug out the rubbish and spread it under her tea bushes, then she drew water from the well and washed the mortar, also pooring the muddied water under her tea bushes. When she was finished she was happy to think that her strange guest of the following evening would be pleasantly surprised.
Blue sky. Sure it could be the light being absorbed by gas molecules in the atmosphere OR a giant, who lives in the land of giants in the clouds above, spilled over his bucket of blue paint whilst painting his giant chicken coop.
Not gonna lie, the effect was pretty cool. Except for the edges. Sweet Jesus, the edges. I'm usually pretty messy with my creamy bases; I don't bother blending them out as I don't get any weird lines between the amped-up powder shadow on the lid and the shadow in my crease. But with the glue-like effect I had going on on the lid that day, you can probably imagine how bad the transition between my lid and crease looked. I couldn't blend it out to save my life, so I just went out like that and was thankful that I was only running a few errands that day. You can see an example of said patchiness + chunkiness in another look above. :(
a. This book in no way stands on its own. It simply ends only about half way through the Cinderella story plot. Frustrating when a novel doesn't at least offer closure within one story-arch.
Despite their desire to be flirtatious and coy,
E. F. Benson – The Face
So, as I sign out, here are a few more shots of the ships that I’d like to play on. In the meantime, it’s back to Puzzle Pirates and my own little sloop. I’m keeping my eye on Allods Online, hoping that it really manages to be a great game. So far, it looks decent. Not perfect, but fun to play, with a lot of potential.
"Its a fair cop Gov'," I'll be saying "you caught me red handed- But that's probably from all those nettles I've been gathering... Yes me Lud' I'll do me time, what? you say you'll have me flailed with those nettles I gathered as well!" You can just imagine it can't you. Actually a word of warning- there are those, usually the Gamekeepers, who will take great exception to you collecting weeds from their patch. Each summer you will find me gathering up on the Sussex downs in the wilder areas of the forest clearings in the plantations. The first time the local Estate keeper caught me it went something like this-
Blessing from Kaz
I just finished ordering the little finishing touches so hopefully I will be able to do a full reveal this weekend!
And she says I might like that.
Suppose John professes his faith in Christ. He begins living the life Christ called us to live, then after a time, no longer demonstrate Christ’s presence in his life. (Remember the Parable of the Sower how some seed fell among the weeds and rocks and was either choked out or died because it had no strong roots to sustain it?) He does not put others first, he doesn’t meet with others for worship, he doesn’t pray, etc. Some on one side of this debate would say either he was never saved, or he is still saved he is just no longer living the life God called him to live. Proponents of the other view would say that John has renounced his faith and is no longer a believer.
First up are lentil walnut burgers, perfect for a Spring (or Summer) night. J was a bit skeptical at first because he is quite the carnivore, being from Nebraska and all, but these delicious burgers quickly won him over and he exclaimed while eating them that he did not miss the meat at all!
Ayurveda and Vedic Astrology
And as someone who has trouble with stubble growth – children refuse to kiss me (admittedly that does look bad written down) – I do have sympathy with her plight.
-In the mean time,Boil water required for dough in another pan and take the flour in a wide bowl,add salt
Suddenly a thunderous explosion rocked the foundations I was standing on. For a moment I thought that the biblical doomsday had finally arrived, as clouds of black smoke became visible from the vicinity of Church Street. There was a brief moment of deadly silence followed by the sounds of speeding police vehicles, ambulances, and fire brigades rushing to the scene. Rush hour traffic turned to chaos that fateful day, and I cannot remember at what hour of the night I finally arrived home.
c. Enemy
He reiterated a point I heard him make at at a Loiederman Middle School Town Hall — that the curfew debate itself harmed the business climate in Montgomery County and specifically in Silver Spring:
From couch potato to trainer and runner in just over a year. Not half bad.
Shikuku Obosi – a Kenyan leading disability activist – contracted polio as a child. To attend school he was walking with callipers and crutches for over two kilometres over uneven terrain. The difficulty of his journey meant that he couldn’t return home at lunchtime and his school did not provide meals. So every day at school, he went hungry.
All you need is some sort of hay/grass to layer the bottom of the cage, put a small house inside (like the orange one in the photo) for it to sleep, a bowl for food and a water bottle for, well, water. They eat these long dried grass that I get from the pet shop, and from time to time you can give it with dried strawberries as a treat. To clean them, you just need to place some sort of cleansing sand from the pet store into a container/bowl and put your chinchilla inside. It’ll then automatically roll around in the sand until it’s clean. Like this:
Don't tell me that I don't keep my promises - a little venture into the realms of pest control is the order for the day, but for those of a nervous disposition I have respected your delicacy and have chosen a picture of Mrs Speckledy to start with and have saved the gory details for a little later.
Otago 4.8% to 5.2% (6,400 to 6,700)
Furthermore, I can see the bastardry of the slowly-fraying-and-ready-to-break-any-minute trick that necessitates in the purchase of several spare pairs of 'just in case' shoelaces but which ends in the shoes wearing out before the laces actually give out.
Happy or Moody most of the time? A bit more moody this past week, think I am over feeling nauseous!
I know I've been a stranger, but I've been sort of busy. Okay, not sort of, but definitely busy, but it has been a good kind of busy. Since January 17, 2012, I've been busy losing weight.
The banks only stay open until 11.30am, and often even those who have been waiting for hours will not be able to reach the front door until closing-time has passed – or all that day's money has run out.
"I dont trust you, I think this is your fault"
Now, I wish I could be all hardcore and Rocky Balboa-like and stride purposefully through the crisp, white snow pulling logs and such but a) I ain't no Balboa and b) the snow was more of a frozen hard packed ice i.e. very slippy and not recommended for running. So, I had two options running wise this week as I no longer have a gym membership. They were to either do my laps of the school field again (yawn) or rest up and give my shoulder a break. I opted for latter and my run out today (Sunday) felt a lot smoother and less achy. Result. I also find that a touch of cabin fever works wonders for your motivation once you are actually able to get out and pound the pavement.
On the running/working out front. I’ve been doing pilates 2x/week and running when I can. It’s gotten a lot better since I’ve been able to put William into child care for 2 hours/day at the gym. SO nice. I do pilates on the reformer, like so:
1. Rest is a matter of obedience to God. He directed us to rest through the observance of the Sabbath. 2. Rest is an issue of trust in God. If we are at rest, God is going to have to “watch the stuff” for us as we regain our strength. 3. Rest is a factor in our physical well-being. God created rest for us to stop and meditate on Him. 4. Restful quietness is necessary for us to receive revelation and strategy for moving forward toward victory.
This is just a sampling…I have LOTS of clothes. I have another closet in the basement that is overflow, mostly dresses and sweaters.
The use of run-on sentences, and an artful lack of punctuation, makes the laff-value strong throughout this installment. The first bit, about the mud cakes, again reads like a classic Lulu comics story. Tubby's egotism and Alvin's obliviousness, seen through the lens of Lulu's persona, are practically drawn with words. The pauses in the action also suggest how Stanley might have broken the story down into panels and pages.
To get around issues of isolation, home-educated children rely on extra-curricular activities in addition to volunteering in the community, which academic research by Wilfrid Laurier University researcher Bruce Arai shows they do more of than children who attend school.
I really hope you like this set and enjoy using it to create your cards. I already have it (just one of the perks of being the artist, HO HO!) and I can tell you it is really well made as all TGF sets always are.
We don’t have a lot of big international brands that are well-known all over the world. So I get excited, like most Filipinos, when I see one abroad. The branding in South East Asia is that San Miguel is the “Great Asian Beer” – and I believe that it is. No good Filipino disputes this fact!
“Just do like a playboy Yoochun that I ever know…” Jaejoong smirk.
Last week, my lovely Indian colleague was telling me about the type of chinese food they can get in India. I was stunned to learn about MonZhou soup, Chilli Chicken, Chicken 65 and... etc. It was very interesting to learn that different cruisines in different countries can taste entirely different. The taste of the same cruisine is modified to suit the local taste and culture. Long story short, when we talked about the type of Indian food we can get in Malaysia, my little Indian colleague was so excited with the sound of them- especially Suji biscuits. Well, this was partly because I was exclaiming how good, how moreish and delicate they were. To prove that I was right (and I am always right..ermm..no??), i decided to bake her a bunch of Suji biscuits.
So, there I am, in the woods, hauling ass down the path that cuts through My Favorite Meadow, raging and pissed off, when a man fell out of the sky. I tell you what, there's nothing that will stop you crying quicker than a dude falling out of the sky right over your head. You're all "WAAAAAAA!...aaaaa......um...huh?.......(snifff)?????"
Whew! What a day we had on APRIL 29TH! As crazy as it was, it really was the perfect way to mark the end of Georgia's treatment journey. Between the art show and Georgia's lemonade stand, we raised over $2,000 for CureSearch - and counting, as we have more art being purchased as we speak! At the blood drive, we collected 26 units of blood and got 28 folks signed up for the Be The Match marrow donor registry - amazing! And at the end of The Race for Third Place Challenge that night, I had captured fourth place, less than $500 away from my final goal. BUT, in the true spirit of the 46 Mommas, the third place Momma asked that her challenge prize (a $100 donation) be added to my fundraising total, in honor of Georgia's last day of treatment. So awesome! We were ALL winners that day!
Time was against us today as we wanted to be in Greymouth before dark, so we continued our journey SE towards the West coast. We were soon in familiar territory, twisting through mottled tones of green, climbing through tree laden rainforest, and winding down through deep valleys. Everything was smothered in trees again with little sign of human presence. We stopped at a roadside rest area with a large stone and plaque telling the story of the ground directly below us. It was the site of an old hardware store called Dizzy’s that had operated until relatively recently there. It had been operational for 100 years, though there was no sign of it anymore. A ghost of the old west. Once the boys had become tired of climbing the big boulder we headed off again.
IIAMORPM- is it am or pm.
When America was young, it was the envy of the entire world. In it's youth, America was kind, gracious, and gentle. America was a country of great religious and political liberty available to all under the United States Constitution. America was a nation without a king and it had a church without a pope. On American money the message of her trust in God was proclaimed, and the great blessing of God rested upon this country.
Now that I’ve shared some of my neuroses, I’ll fill you in on what I’m about to embark upon. I recently moved to Washington D.C., which happens to be a glorious three hour train ride from New York City. I’m on my way to the Big Apple.
The bill
I like the property to run like clockwork, I try to have everything done in a timely manner. I love to have a list of things to do, and if I have ticked everything off by the end of the day, then I'm happy.
Hello everyone.
Sulcoski’s article concludes by bringing us up to date with recent developments in the field with varying tips and for different types of knitting and knitters, and Addi’s new lace needles with a slot in the cable to attach a lifeline as you knit – I’ll be looking out for these.
