At that time there was a very long period, with no rain at all. There was not enough water to sustain a green leaf, let alone higher forms of life. All the Munis (sages) and people and birds and animals, started leaving the place.
Your playing small does not serve the world.
Rubber Duckie, I'm awfully fond of you;
Throw me ball-like, to the other side
Call or text us for booking/inquiry:
What was most inspiring, on a very personal muggle level, was that P. came along to the reading and after-party. He had plenty of work to do but he insisted on coming. He was one of maybe a dozen men there, and he spoke up and asked a thoughtful question during the Q&A. The dude was part of the feminist conversation. And as we walked home later that night, two hot toddies and a pit-stop at the Belgian waffle truck later, I thought about how much my ideas about words like "wife" and "marriage" have changed in the three and a half years since our wedding. How much I love being called P.'s wife, when, since we're laying down the cards here, that word made me cringe for a long, long time. What Meg and the women behind APW articulate so beautifully is that you can be a feminist and be happily, devotedly, joyfully married. Not that marriage isn't a bumpy road at times, but you can be a staunch feminist AND be a wife. The two are not mutually exclusive; this is something my grandmother and mother espouse wholeheartedly, but something I had to figure out for myself.
Michael on the phone with his brother Brad: Did you see the NYT article about Lawrence v. Texas? Is the American public really so stupid that they don’t know heterosexuals violate the sodomy laws all the time? Brad, you need to get out of Georgia. Do you want to stay with us?
Just finished getting ready for my Stamp Workshop this Friday night, tomorrow after work, which will be a fun way to spend a Friday night...crafting with some new ladies, and maybe a familiar one or two! The hostess wants the workshop focussed on the Big Shot, easy for me as that is one of my most used tools in my craft room!
Now, I do not know Perry Noble. I have never heard him preach. I’ve only seen him in a few video clips here and there. Just to be clear, I am not attacking Perry Noble. I have no axe to grind with him. I am not a watchblogger ready to bring him down. I am only responding to what I have read in this article. My concern with this article is that Noble produces a number of false dichotomies as problems the church must address. The first is the most egregious.
But a grace of god I do not rest at all
So, through all the gloom and depression, Liberal Democrats with vision and ambition to play a full and responsible role in the country's future should dispel from their minds the myth of the existence of a "progressive" majority in the country and look to their future representing the real political centre, even though such a shift will be painful. The party is already feeling the pain of losing many of their harder left wing supporters. The process of transition would be even more painful as they lost activists and some big names as well. But worth it in the long run as they gained new supporters from the moderate left and right and eventually overtook Labour just as Labour overtook the Liberals at the beginning of the last century when Labour adopted a more relevant agenda that voters actually wanted at the time. Labour have long since lost their raison d'etre and, with a weak leader, are ripe for picking off at the next election.
Store candy in airtight jars and will keep forever! Actually about two years is more accurate. Everything has a shelf life so when the texture changes or the flavor starts to mellow, then it is done. If you are not going to use all of it give it as gifts in a lovely airtight jar. What a nice gift for someone who likes to cook, especially ginger cookies or gingerbread. mmmmmm.
Years, ago TechTV, a 24-hour niche channel based in San Francisco, was a beautifully nerdy network about computers and technology featuring instructions on hugely outsized computer screens and discussion of all sort of intricate computer programming arcana. In New York Tech TV went to its viewers seeking their help it keep its place on the cable dial which the viewers did but shortly after that fight was won the station abandoned its programing and became the G4 network, dopily pitching hype about boy toys to a very different young, low-brow, audience. It would be a shame if in time there was a similar squandering of the entrusted legacy of Channel Thirteen and the rest of the PBS system by turning it into a conduit for the PR messages of the corporate interests and local real estate moguls, especially given the significant public investment it took to create the public system and the fact that once seized and so looted it could probably not be recreated.
And full of cum
missed the association with his family,
Chemistry is how we link up in the first place. Is chemistry physical and emotional? Yes. Eros enters and the eye takes in beauty in the male form. It’s not different in many ways on both sides I think. It’s a matter of gazing. My book is available for you here on the Kindle.
If I didn’t have the time and the space to say it at the time, let me say it now. The fact that a majority of workers are no longer protected, nearly seventy-five years after the passage of an act that was meant to protect every worker from” one of many misfortunes” of economic life, is a moral failure of the highest order. The idea that governors in America would reject stimulus funds in the middle of a recession because those funds would make it easier for temporary or part time workers to gain access to UI suggests the total moral bankruptcy of the American conservative movement. Not for nothing did FDR say:
Here's a close up of the adorable inverted pleats on the dress:
5.Pink Anderson & Simmie Dooley / Every Day In The Week Blues
I was looking through my posts, and yknow what I realized? That I hadn't posted my back-to-school nails!!
Im not kidding around either, so all the people who read this that are actually recipients of a gift from me at xmastime..can stop laughing and start hoping they havent pissed me off this year.
I made two different types of cards for this challenge, one with my favorite duck stamp from Hambo and another with a wonderful bible verse I recently received off off a blog win from Our Daily Bread Designs, Scripture verse #3 collection. I like each and every verse in the set. I haven't stamped since last year prior to Christmas, it took a sketch to help me at least get started, so I found one at Mojo Monday, number 222.
1/4 cup (1 3/4 oz) granulated sugar
Too perfect, am I right? To my delight, it was available! So now Frankoz is cheerfully running around the Kargath server, leveling up and bringing his terrible fashion sense to the masses.
And the head-winds. As any bicyclist will tell you, if you’re riding, and it’s windy, it’s got to be a headwind. Mostly it’s hitting you straight head-on, if not then from 11 or 1 o’clock. I’m yet to experience wind that assists your ride. So every day in the afternoon, as if the heat wasn’t enough, the wind would pick up and I’d have to struggle against it.
To call out your name with nothing but silence
And it stirs a memory
As I left Waverly Station on the Train That Was Destined Never to Arrive, I had a thought. What a bloody marvellous thing the Edinburgh International Book Festival is. I do hope they invite me again one day.
One might think the exposure of Dr. Gleick’s effort to slander Heartland would end there, but Heartland understands that it has taken decades of effort to undo the damage done by the global warming hoax and the necessity to take off the gloves in combating the fascist tactics of environmentalists.
When Vikki emailed me this past Tuesday to try to set up dinner plans again, I asked for her availability and then picked the next available date (Thursday) in her calendar. I definitely did not want to risk getting sick again before our scheduled dinner plans. Once was more than enough.. but I already had two previous cancellations / postponement within a period of less than two months.
Now, onto our winners of the Teddy Bear and Other Animals (for kids) Challenge. The winner of the $10 gift certificate to Digi Doodles Shop is #3 Bunny! Bunny's winning card can be seen here. Bunny- please email me at khasheck@gmail.com so I can put you in contact with Digi Doodles to get your prize! You can get your winner's blog badge on the side of the blog (in code so very easy to put on your blog.)
London has been a bit of a temperamental bitch this weekend, one minute raining cats and dogs, the next nervous sunshine, then mardy winds. One minute I was wishing for an umbrella and the next needing sunglasses. So this morning SF went out for a bike ride swearing sunglasses, a hat, waterproofs and a vest underneath. Crazy times.
Today I’d like to talk to you about Selective Sound Sensitivity Syndrome. If you’ve heard me say “I kind of have a problem with my hearing”, this is what it is.
the scented gardens of excess
Mix together until smooth
Blank, blank stare
Dr. Jonathan Githens-Mazer
Then you told me 'bout 118 people died
We were offered a glass of wine while MaryBeth checked on preparations for dinner and finished filling a plate with a variety of cheeses, crackers, and grapes. We then moved to the living room where a cheery fire crackled in the fireplace.
Move: 12"
spontaneous and unstoppable.
Such coverage is no surprise, given the media's enthusiastic response
Okay, not just your choices, but everyone else who has ever made a choice in this country. I’m not talking about proactive choice. Nay, the opposite. Indifference is the most powerful choice Americans can make.
I suddenly remembered (at about 8pm on Thursday) that I needed to take photos of my entire sketchbook before posting it, so I didn't help myself out by leaving it until it had got dark (I wish the photos were clearer) so when I've sorted through all the photos I will post a full look through the entire book, probably over two posts (but then that's it for The Sketchbook Project Ltd Edition posts, so if you're not that interested in this don't worry I won't be dragging them out too much). Oh and I will add details of how to find my sketchbook, should any of you visit the Brooklyn Library.
They were trying to extort money from various countries.
He hit the ground at a fast canter, a Wicked Messenger indeed, and sustained the intensity through eighteen songs and two and a quarter hours, all the way through to the spun-gold
Why? Because I AM THE CLIENT! AND YOU'RE UP FOR REVIEW, JIVE-ASS FOOL!
Another security official in Wana, the main town of South Waziristan tribal district, confirmed the incident and casualties.
So out came the sand paper!
Passing through March I was drinking heavily, cutting daily and emailing him about leaving him. I wanted to get my own place and move out of his house because I felt that he did not love me, that I was just a ‘trophy’ girlfriend to him, that he loved a former partner the mother of his youngest child. I had moved in with him leaving my hometown for a place where I knew no-one.
As always, I'll start with the befores.
thennn, me and my mum went to the white rose centre in Leeds,
My Mum has given Eleri some money today for her to buy something to take into hospital with her, so we'll pop off somewhere tomorrow for that. And it'll probably be a sleepless night for me tomorrow night.
2.lurking fear
Pau-po pau-polo is in pau-t quarks in a brief history of time
So strong and powerful in its light.
2. Forts. I love history. Really, I do. I almost majored in it in college.
Making Memories White Acrylic Paint
Joe Morgenstern, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
My drawing PW PW 2001 had been rejected by the RA Summer Show.
when children spent hours on end
Saving Private Ryan was so definitively a better movie in nearly every way.
If we will be still and talk to God – truly talk and listen – we will grow to know His heart. We will seek Him in all that we do. We will know our Father and His deepest desires for us. All it takes is an effort on our part. We must be humble. We must be sincere. We must listen, and we must pray, and not just one day a year.
In January 2009, shortly before President Obama took office, Energy officials reviewed the application. They said that “the project appears to have merit” but did not approve the loan, requesting additional information, including an independent market analysis of the company’s long-term prospects, according to the Republican staff memo.
Today the big boys were finishing up their first week at VBS. Babyboy and I ran some errands (the difference between errands with 1 child and 3 is amazing) and came home. I set the time for 60 minutes and attempted to race the clock and check off some lingering to-dos. I was completely oblivious to Babyboy as he played happily on the floor. Well, he was playing and writing. Writing with a pen. Writing on a chair. Writing on a white chair. Writing on a sacred, hand-me-down vintage white heirloom chair. And, it is not my chair from my side of the family. It is my husband's chair. Oooooops. BIG OOOOPS!
Van Anden was born in Poughkeepsie, NY, in 1813. At an early age he learned the printing trade, and came to Brooklyn in 1836. He ran the paper until his death in 1875, although five years earlier he had sold the paper to a group of investors. To his employees he was known as “Mr. Van.” William Hester, Van Anden’s nephew, succeeded him as president and remained in control of the paper until he died in 1921.
I’d barely settled down to eat my meal when Harold came thumping back in, and sat down, eyes star-gazed.
Stygia - It's like Mythic Arabia, mostly Egypt, with powerful 'Tomb Lords' controlling a huge territory via masses of Jackalman legions. If you're a human there you're probably a slave, a slaver, or a member of the nomadic barbarian tribes who have so far escaped the attentions of the Tomb Lords.
The cold comfort of conditioned air serves me well in most spots, though not in my workplace. My business operates in a converted warehouse that wasn’t really designed for a cubicle-farm office. I’ve had my desk positioned in several different locations throughout this large room, yet no matter where I sit I’m always too warm. When I arrive in the morning, the two women from the night shift who sit on either side of me are huddled in their sweaters, portable heaters glowing at their feet. I turn on a small fan aimed at my legs under the desk and a large one that I aim just over my head. (I’d have it blowing right on me if I could figure out how to proofread financial documents while they’re flying through a whirlwind.) The loud roar of the two announces that a man has arrived, and he’s not comfortable.
Your hands, your words, and your intentions
Every morning I walk past the Newseum on my way to work. Lining the entrance are daily copies of the front pages of local newspapers from all over the country. There you can find the local interest stories sadly lacking from The New York Times, or on CNN. Entire communities wiped out or stranded by flood waters that continue to rise. Historic buildings and bridges washed away by water. Many tough, but tired people. It is summer now, but these folks will soon be headed into a cold New England winter. It's hard to think about.
Oh, lots of places. But what was old is new again. I’ve probably seen Metropolis ten times, but the film has expanded over the years, until we have this: an (almost) complete print, screened at Toronto’s Bell Lightbox, accompanied by Gabriel Thibaudeau and a number of talented (and fit) musicians. Here’s the official description:
This tracks called Cartboy and I think its beautiful.
The Jordanaires – Backing Vocals
Sale savings: -$27.83
Onions- 2 large
During our annual New Year's trek to Syracuse to stay with Dave and Cheryl, this dish was prepared as part of a huge, delicious parade of food creations prepared by Cheryl in commemoration of our visit. Cheryl's aunt, Betty, is the originator of this recipe, so THANKS AUNT BETTY:) This side dish is simple, fast and yummilicious! Try not to like it! I dare you:)
She was ecstatic when she met her future husband, his hobby was playing the guitar. He played guitar like Chet Atkins, and also liked the music of Marty Robbins.
Lizards, crickets and red admirals bound in front of my feet.
Disregarding the sneers and sucks of teeth since we take up the whole side walk.
God has a plan. He knows you, knows your strengths, your weaknesses, your fears, your hopes, your dreams, what you feel, what you think and everything that you do. He is your loving father and he holds your world in the palm of his hand. He leaves nothing to chance for those that he loves ENOUGH to give his one and only son. He knows your life before you even live it and he does everything for a reason.
There are two main reasons for choosing annuities:
* My new job (hey, how long do I get to keep calling it my NEW job? I’ve been here 8 weeks already!) is still taking up the lion’s share of my days. Yesterday I left my house at 6:50 AM and returned at 8:30 PM. That’s a long day. The biggest problem is that I have to fit all the other things I have to do into the few short hours I have at home. My weekends are a whirlwind of chores – shopping, laundry, bank, library – and I still don’t have enough time to get it all done. It’s a good thing I like this job; actually, after 14 months of unemployment, I’m grateful every day to have a job at all.
They had 12 inches of rain in 36 hours.
What is the role of a pastor’s spouse? It’s a question not addressed in Scripture. But here’s a more interesting question: If a man is a pastor, does his wife become a pastor of the church simply by relationship?
FarmGal went to a permaculture event on the weekend, here is her first report on the event.
Captain America put the little kids to bed, reading them stories and such, and played a game of Wii Tennis with Tom and played a real game of Chess with Jake. I like that it's becoming their nightly routine.
Barrowclough: I think we see eye to eye
Only a tiny fraction of the 70,000-strong crowd that thronged the Bukit Jalil Stadium last night were present here this afternoon.
"You spent more time, or 132 words, welcoming guests of honour than talking about what you plan to do about crime."
We exchanged idle chit-chat for a few minutes. I don't remember what we talked about, but it was just meaningless small talk. After awhile she looked out the window and saw her mother's car waiting out front. As she gathered up her things and headed for the door, she turned to me and said, "You know what, Mr. D? You're the best teacher I've ever had. Thanks for being a friend." She was out the door and gone before I had a chance to respond. I remember thinking it was a little weird that she said that out of nowhere, but I smiled at the compliment and then went back to work setting up the lab.
The Pittmann-Puckett Art Gallery was founded in memory of two of Affirmations founding members and strongest supporters, Susan Pittmann and Christine Puckett. The couple was killed in their home by a neighbor in 1992.
The High Brow is a unique brow lifting pencil. You basically use it to highlight your brow bone and this helps give your eyes a nice lift. The shade is a pale pink color, I don't think it's very universal and there was only 1 color to choose from.
Last night I dreamed of horses. Gentle horses, nuzzling me...
First up it was about living consensually with our children. I read a really interesting book called "Winning Parent, Winning Child" last year, that was really all about this topic. I found it a challenging read, and it was easy to keep saying, "Yes, but what about......" and yet, I also found that the book was quite transformative in my parenting journey. I've also found the general principles of NVC (Non Violent Communication) to be really useful in living out this life, so this session was one that I found myself doing a lot of head nodding in. :) Here's my summary of what was shared......
I do hope you're Mother's Day is going at least at wonderfully as mine is and you are surrounded by love and laughter today and always darlings!
Altered Bottles and Tags
Fear and unresolved issues can stop a woman’s dilation or stop labor all together.
These kind of glitches happen and trying to figure out how to fix them is a real challenge. If you've
“What people of conscience need to know about Norway” reads the heading of an article by Michael Sharnoff in the Jerusalem Post. And as I read his informed testimony, I couldn’t believe my eyes…let us begin shall we?
In a separate bowl, sprinkle 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin into 1/2 cup cold water. After the gelatin blooms, add 1 1/2 cup boiling water and dissolve. Add the can of condensed milk. Stir and cool. Pour cooled milk mixture over jello and chill overnight.
You have to be a “certain age” to appreciate this one….
I see Playto, holding two blank signs.
If you do it yourself, all the above information still applies to you but you’ve already won half the battle because like I said, no one knows your book better than you but always remember Copyright. Designers have the luxury of belonging to image and vector licensing sites and having photographers in their speed dial. You don’t, you must pay for your images. You CANNOT copy other books or pull images of the web, even unintentionally. Copyright and licensing are tricky but most stock sites have good pages written by lawyers that explain it better than me.
g = d h
(insert anxiety attack 2 here)
Russell can follow some directions...But it takes time for what I am saying to sink in. It takes me using words as well as actions or signs to get the message across. It takes plenty of repetition before he can process it all.
Hi again, after making up some cards for my Wednesday card group I had some pieces left over so I decided to make a card with the pieces. Nothing fancy and I am sure you have seen enough of Fresh Vintage samples but it really is the greatest Sale-a-bration stamp in my books anyway.
Sure.. I would have preferred a much more easy going ride, but I did realize that I really could use the workout to help get me in shape for the long rides I plan on taking this summer. The hills were just starting to wear a little thin until I turned a corner and found a nice surprise.
The new tax added by the health care reform law is an add-on to existing taxes on capital gains and other ”unearned income” (dividends, rents, and interest). The new 3.8% tax is often referred to as a Medicare tax because its revenues will be dedicated to the Medicare Trust Fund.
I wish that I had a picture of my garage, because is not what you would imagine. It is a single car, detached garage, with just about everything that we own (that we can't find a place for) in it. I am not known for my organization, and many times have had to sort through sawdust to find a router bit, or anything with ink in it to make a mark on something. I won't go into how many fingernail marks, key marks, or even the always accurate "stare at the mark while you walk to the table saw to cut it" mark. The fact that anything can be produced in that garage, is maybe my most impressive feat. I am always so envious of the perfectly organized workshop that I see in well produced youtube or woodworking site videos.
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 15.43% 788
FACT ELEVEN: You want an obscure fact about myself? That’s tricky as I know everything about me. It’s terribly hard to know what is obscure under these circumstances. I’d have to be someone else to do it properly. Oh hang on! My memory is an obscure fact. Very obscure, even to me. It is not good and I forget a lot of things like what I’m supposed to be doing and what I’ve just done and where I’ve put my glasses. Very hard to find as I can’t see them either when they aren’t on. For this reason I try not to wash my face too often. Another obscure fact! And one more is that I am very bad at maths and cannot reliably be counted on to count.
WILD GEESE
Saturday @ was still on the mend, so I cranked up Deere John to do a spring cleanup of the yard. I mounted up the rear bagger and proceeded to spend an hour or so cruising the yard chopping up twigs and hazelnuts.
First I painted the armoire in the family room black and added a few glass knobs.
There are...
And there’s also. . . oh, wait there aren’t anymore.
1. In a large pot, pour the olive oil, drop the herbs and garlic.
5.) PRACTICE- Just because a video assignment isn’t due for another two weeks doesn’t mean you can’t check out a camera from the equipment room and practice on your own for a little bit before you go out to shoot. The more you know about the equipment, the less intimidating it is to use it to capture a story. Reporters are more confident when they know how to use their equipment!
Born into a farming family in Lanarkshire on December 13, 1966, King was a member of a local pony club and also competed on the show jumping circuit before joining David Nicholson in Gloucestershire as an amateur jockey in 1985, having previously worked for John Wilson in his native Scotland. He finished third in a couple of hunter chases and served as assistant for 15 years to Nicholson, from whom he took over the licence at Jackdaws Castle stables near Temple Guiting on December 3, 1999. The following day, Mini Moo Min gave him a first success at Towcester. In that rookie season, King also saddled Relkeel to take a third Bula Hurdle (now the StanJames.com International) at Cheltenham and won the totesport Long Walk Hurdle at Ascot with Anzum. He also sent out Go Ballistic to finish second behind See More Business in the King George VI Chase at Kempton. He was based at Jackdaws Castle, then owned by Colin Smith, until the end of that
From Russia... to Belgium! Antwerp, to be precise, where you can currently see a small show featuring my work at Lange Lozanastraat 101b in the 2018 area of the city. I will also be in Antwerp from 4-5th May for a street event where installations will be placed around 2018 for you to track down, if you can find them. Fingers crossed for good weather...
Following my review of the strategic plan, I will review the governance plan. If you follow my blog, you will get the same information I am going to give to our new board members today. And then maybe you will decide you would like to get more involved and run for a board position in the future.
Here is the link to your next stop and if you missed the others they are below also.
Level 10: Weapon ATT: +10, Accuracy: +4%, Proc Rate: 50%, Deals 190% damage 2 times.
No back links
blueberry jam
Tens of thousands of volunteers gather to build a city in a Nevada desert that is notorious for triple-digit temperatures, high winds and blinding plumes of dust.They build a city that is self sustainable and, then, 1 week later leave, leaving no trace whatsoever. Everything needed to sustain you, shelter you, for your creation, show, teaching needs to be brought in and taken away without any detriment to the environment.
Pesaka Astana supplies fire-fighting and military vehicles to the Defence Ministry.
So what is it about a mother’s body that makes skin-to-skin care so important? Because of the unique symbiosis between a mother and her baby, a mother’s body is designed to provide the perfect environment for her newborn baby. When a baby is placed on her mother’s chest, the temperature of mom’s body not only keeps baby warm, but helps regulate a baby’s temperature to what he/she needs at that very moment. Some babies are born with the inability to regulate their own temperature.
Initially, it certainly seemed like a pretty pathetic coup, as coups go—young soldiers manning the tanks didn’t look particularly fierce; they looked more…confused. Ditto for the Communist hard-liners, calling themselves an “emergency committee” (those masters of euphemism), who instigated the coup—for perhaps the first time in Soviet history, the Old Guard came off as more ridiculous than sinister. See this “PRI’s The World” feature on the coup.
“I’m sorry, I can’t make it, gotta wash my hair.” You will totally use this line after trying this shampoo & conditioner. It gently cleanses hair and scalp while natural oils help rebuild your hair’s delicate moisture balance. With an exclusive blend of Brilliant Baobab Oil from Africa, ultra-moisturizing Argan Oil from Morocco, anti-oxidant rich Pomegranate Seed Oil and Sweet Almond Oil it will truly Free Your Mane.
My husband set up the Temp fence in the 1 acre field...it lasted all of 7 minutes! Oops happened, as someone forget to latch their temp fence gate and that allowed their horse to escape...it then proceeded to allow our horses to escape!
As for that “short, bubbly, and easily digestible” sound, YouTube user Thrax1982 (who posted the above videos and whose dedication to lesser known operas is invaluable) offers the best analysis of Cimarosa’s music as “often (not [always]) seem[ing] like it’s put together of Lego blocks.” While that description might imply simplicity, sameness and a lack of emotion, it also suggests the use of familiar materials to create vivid, recognizable structures. Cimarosa’s compositional process is pretty transparent; no advanced theories or formal curveballs lurking under all those glistening surfaces. That might just be artistic choice on the composer’s part. Besides, Legos are fun, and they can make some pretty impressive stuff.
Randy Romain is an Ottawa-based disability advocate and writer. He provides peer support, attends fundraisers and information sessions for CPA Ottawa and volunteers at the Ottawa Rehabilitation Centre’s resource centre. Randy serves on the board of directors and the Housing Committee for the In Community, a local disability organization. Randy also attends public forums on housing and transportation issues for people with disabilities. He also has worked for the Champlain Spinal Cord Solutions Alliance to highlight the need for cost effective investments in community based attendant Services and respiratory supports.
"Whoa there, Tobias," says the man to my left. "Weren't you raised a Stiff? I thought the most you people did was...graze hands or something."
Most people choose to describe a unit as “a quarter of what I have drunk and will drink this evening”, but others are bolder and more fanciful and claim that a unit is an incredibly rare bird that lives in the Amazon, and it is therefore difficult, not to mention unethical, to consume four in a day. Some have bastardised the “one glass = one unit” methodology with gusto, becoming wonderfully liberal with what constitutes one drink. Triple whisky. One glass, one unit. Yard of White Lightning. One glass, one unit. Industrial-sized bottle of Ouzo. Technically One glass, one unit.
The Editors
We want to see a low number because we think that means we’re healthy. The desire to see that number drop is so strong that people go on fad diets. They cut out or add in specific food items or entire food groups under the belief that they will have the magic bullet to losing fat, but in the process mess with their metabolisms and don’t learn healthy and sustainable eating habits.
The memories of us as one
Side Note: One of the ways in which NSF and NSI tries to incorporate women is to almost always include a paragraph in the proposal about how they specifically encourage women and researchers from Historically Black Colleges and Universities to submit proposals. I wanted the speaker this morning to move beyond that.
It takes me most of the afternoon to chronicle all the things we’ve done just since he returned five. We went on a guys’ trip to Colorado to see the house I grew up in, and while in the mountains he learned to ice skate for the first time. We went to Curacao for a week, and there he and I watched Venezuelan baseball late at night. He attended three World Series games and slept through one of the most incredible and unlikely comebacks in baseball history, the hometown hero-fueled late innings of Game 6 when David Freese tripled to tie the game and homered to win it. He learned how to score a baseball game and did two innings on his own. He went into the batting cages and was able to hit a pitch at 45 mph. He had a breakaway in soccer. On the day he turned five, as promised, he got to watch “Star Wars II: Attack of the Clones.” He started to read a chapter book. He learned the meaning of “deterrent” and “dissolve” and “instructions” and dozens more words. He sang at mass and recorded a radio commercial – all in the same day. He would try to sit and watch baseball games with me and sometimes randomly yell, “Bud Light! Bud Light Here!” just to give the ballpark feel. He discovered Pokemon and has taught me more than I’d ever want to know. He figured out how to switch the input on the TV and turn on the video game console and now needs me less than I’d like to admit. One night, at bedtime, he tried to stall by rewriting that old “Jingle Bells/Batman smells” song and singing different versions for a half dozen other superheroes. He looked at his grandmother and with a straight a face and warned her, “When you go to Vegas you lose everything.” Frustrated that I had to spend the day writing and couldn’t give him the desired attention, he built a Harry Potter Lego set on his own. He saw “Thor.” And he went dressed as Thor.
red onion
never thought to pray
That's it - wish me luck!
The Awakening by Stephen Volk and Nick Murphy
Future - The Journey:
So I slogged my way through a shower, drying my hair and putting on make-up. I knelt down for my morning prayers and could not form a cohesive thought to pray about. I got up and made me some toast with extra jam and then laid down in bed in hopes that the food would make me feel better.
Glazed Cinnamon Roll Pancakes
We had a fun time at the Noxious's Super Bowl party, as always. I made green chile sour cream enchiladas to represent the Arizona team. I generally do these fabulously when I make the enchilada sauce from scratch (or at least from whole canned Hatch chiles,) but the size of the order forced me to rely partially on canned enchilada sauce. So, while very tasty, they weren't quite as perfect as usual.
I watched Midnight In Paris. I liked it. I had heard mixed reviews & I honestly don't love Owen Wilson, so I wasn't expecting to like it, but I totally did. It's hard not to like a movie about Paris. Also, I was really into Rachel McAdams' hair & wardrobe throughout the movie.
This fave is another pair of circles - this time in collaboration with my 12 year-old son Boone. These are photo journal pages - he made lemon tarts from a blog friend's on-line recipe - I photographed the tarts, printed them and he journaled about his day and his tarts -the first one included critters he was envisioning in the tart - the second was the result of talking about how the critters could radiate out from the center - planning and using the circle as a guiding design element - for this one Boone sketched and planned in advance. I love collaborating with my son - we are just returning from a trip where journaling was a big part of our shared activities. These lemon tart journal pages are special in regards to collaborating (the flowers are eb's) and also I love the way the the image is so totally altered by the journaling - becoming something more than the sum of its parts - the way the critters create an edginess to the sweet suggestion of the lemon tart base.
The three in different hats, front and center, are the Drill Sergeants, Johnson, Johnson and Craft. The ones who taught me that shouting that is controlled is not frightening, just urgent.
posted 07/20/08
as a tear slid down his cardboard cheek.
flotillad here by
having given birth before (second or greater pregnancy)
½ tsp Fine sea salt
Sweet & Sour Shrimp, 2012
You could just barely make out the line of the boar’s back over the thick grass. Travis and I studied intently with the binoculars to make sure it wasn’t a black calf. Only after we caught his long wire-haired tail swishing did we made the correct call that it was in fact a pig. Travis, Chris and PJ set up a stalk covering a couple hundred yards while Krunk and I enjoyed the experience from the Chevy. This time, Chris came through, felling a 120lb. young boar with one shot.
'We're did that Pekingese come from?'
Befor going onto our next challenge I have to sadly announce that Carol Ann is stepping down from the DT to concentrate on some new ventures. Carol Ann has been with us from the very beginning at Magical Crafts so she is going to be greatly missed by us all. Wishing you all the very best Carol Ann and thank you so much for being a wonderful and supportive team member.
Customer reviews of Western Digital Velociraptor 600 GB SATA III 10000 RPM 32 MB Cache Bulk/OEM 3.5 Inch Desktop Hard Drive – WD6000HLHX are available at the merchant’s website, see it by visit the link below.
This books a really exciting story about the Revolutionary War. In this story, the British are about to attack America, but America does not have enough canons. A group of people go on an adventure across hundreds of miles of rough terrain in the snow to bring back canons that way up to two tons!
Saturday was Free Comic Book Day, and there was a huge number of books to pick from. So what did I grab for myself? Children’s comics! Because evidently I’m twelve.
- Posted from my iPhone - please 'scuse mistakes!!
Bevin weighs 186.5 lbs. (down 2.5 lbs since last week!)
I think Treyarch have shown a brave move with Black Ops 2, no other Call of Duty has ever tried to set itself so far into the future as this new installment has. The graphics and the visuals look great as ever, but from the trailer I can’t see any significant improvement in graphics. I also noticed, this game is to be set in the future right? Well then whats with the stationery vehicles and the clothing range? Both seem to be based on the fashions and car models of today, Treyarch should have thought this through and considered designing and modeling their own futuristic cars and clothing ranges.
Thanks to everyone who's read and followed this blog during the last year. I'm looking forward to another year of talking about film with you all.
祝甘榜格南居民与面簿粉丝们，劳动节假期愉快！
My kiddies loved writing their spelling words with them...so much that they asked if they could do it again this afternoon! Needless to say, I didn't say NO ;) Best $4.75 I have ever spent, that's for sure , lol!
Hello everyone, I am just popping in to say hello. I am back to busy, busy mode right now and am missing my blog. I have not had any time to take lovely photographs, no time to share lovely makes with you all. I think we all have periods where life just takes over everything and all the responsibilities, obligations and chores have to be taken care of.
It’s not so much that change generates a negative response; it’s that this time you have the opportunity to think the changes through, before going headlong into them.
But then little Laura describes what her mom does.
Question - Military teaches that leadership is a two-way street. However, that thought process seems to be missing in the civilian sector. Corporate executives are often viewed as ‘first in the chow line.’ How can we change this culture?
For lime butter, mix all ingredients in small bowl. Refrigerate 2 hrs. prior to use.
Como estão vocês?? This week was wonderful!! Really a week of miracles. Sister Corrêa and I are seeing His hand in this work every single day!
And what should happen when I'm back in Rome, in my kitchen, staring at some choice pieces of beef stew meat I'd just picked up? Yes, goulash.
It was already morning when I opened my eyes again. I really had a bad night sleep on the bus. I heard my seat fellow prepared his luggage to take off at Kyoto Station. He left without saying a word of goodbye. I would be the same if I were him. People nowadays started being unfriendly, I guess. It is a tend of society. I also got this influence. People who meet me at the first sight may find I’m an unfriendly guy. I talk less, smile less, but in fact, I really want to show it out. I want to speak more and smile to ones in front of me. Change everything I had now.
accepts beauty comes from others.
Early this morning Gabey came to my side of the bed. He was sobbing and basically so worked up he was incoherent. He had to repeat to me several times what was wrong. He had a bad dream, in his words it was “more like a nightmare”. He was so frightened and he crawled in bed with me and he pressed his warm body to my side and he wept.
Q: Mr. Potok, every year your organization produces a “Hate Map” that purports to identify the number of “hate groups” in individual states across the country. This past spring, according to your accounting, the number was up to 1,002, but if you actually go in… if you Google the map and look at it…, 262 of those groups aren’t affiliated with any town or city or anything. They’re just kind of floating out there in limbo.
9 Sputniak Monroe
Hello all you sewists out there!
We do not travel to Fiji in search of spaghetti and sombreros, but if that is what we find there, then the essential Fiji is lost to us. Will anything emerge from a meting pot in the same form as it went in, or, worse, in any way discernibly different from anything else which came out of it?
"Look, I appreciate that you helped me out. I'd like to give you a wish."
For comparison, let’s look at the intensifier really. You can use really to intensify a predicative adjective (i.e., an adjective that comes after the linking verb be), as in
We returned to Killarney and had dinner at Macs on Mainstreet in Killarney again. Then Sherri and I went to the pub and listened to some great Irish music. I was able to sing along with the duo who were singing old Irish songs like Brennan on the Moor, The Wild Rover, and The Band Played Waltzing Matilda.
The events provided the attendees an overview of the project, including its rationale and the benefits to participating companies, and solicited their support and input in reducing China’s carbon emissions. Companies were likewise introduced to the International Standards and best practices such as ISO 50001 (Energy Management System), ISO 14064 (GHG Inventories), and PAS 2050 (GHG Assessment). #
Thank you for your consideration of my work.
With tactical planning and no time to be naughty, Jordan Romero reached the zenith of his life on Christmas Eve. At 15 years of age he scaled Mt. Vinson Massif, making him the youngest to climb the tallest peaks on each of the seven continents. He already knows how to soar with the eagles. Where will he soar next?
"Come to Me, all you who labor and are heavy-laden and overburdened, and I will cause you to rest.
who shove dirty clothes under the bed and never rinse out the tub,
Supplies: clear glue, paint brush, clear plastic lids, hole punch, white, red or green tissue paper, stem with leaves (or use a brown pipe cleaner and green tissue paper cut into a leaf shape), apple seeds (or brown paper cut into seed shapes)
Don't let appeareances fool you (Part II) : We saw a few shows - Lifehouse, Criss Angel & The Divas (female impersonators of celebrities). We had gotten the tickets for the Divas from someone and when we went to the casino, we were turned off. It was older casino and had smell of smoke and mustiness. The crowd there was not the Bellagio crowd. We had our concerns about going there later, but decided to go. We even dressed down because we figured our clothes would stink. However, the show was a lot of fun. The dancers were extremely good and the performers were memorable. For an hour or so, we just enjoyed the impersonators who brought the celebrities to us.
He sputtered a little and asked me to repeat the question, so I happily complied. He stuttered around a little more and finally fumbled out a “No”.
Munnar is popular holiday spot of the state. It is a lush green and misty hill station located in Idukki district at Western Ghats. The lush green surroundings, tranquility and healthy climate will offer wonderful ambiance to the visitors to enjoy their vacations. Due to its amazing nature splendor the place is also famous as the “Kashmir of South”. There are many interesting sites also located around this verdant hill town. Eravikulam National Park, Echo Point, Rajamala, Mattupetty Lake and Dam are the major attractions.
WIE: Yes, please do.
Finally there is the Second Nature Bookstore that carries Amazon-available titles and some in-world titles, run by Nathan Roussel. There is a scattering of bookstores in the grid, but in-world publishing is still in its infancy.
A big pothole is causing a problem on 1st Street. Fill the pothole and solve the problem. Move on.
Now, I’m going to go take another Percocet. And when I say “go,” I don’t mean I’m actually going to go anywhere. What I will do is stretch to reach the end-table and grab the bottle, and take the pill with as little water as possible so I don’t have to go to the bathroom, which entails actual movement on crutches and major throbbing pain in my right lower extremity.
Completely aligns all the subtle bodies. This helps one receive information from the higher self more easily. Good stone for channeling. Visionary stone - it helps connect us to our destinies and to an understanding of the purpose of existence. Keeps the mind free from envious thoughts and jealousies. A good stone for people who cannot relate to realities beyond the physical world. Aids in manifesting physical work into material abundance. A healing stone working with the heart and solar plexus chakras.
burgundy wine."
Earlier this year, YG Entertainment caused a big storm in the media when it announced that it was preparing for the debut of a new girl group. Since YG serves as a home to worldwide K-pop stars such as Big Bang, 2NE1, Se7en, Tablo, and more, it came as no surprise that the group would garner massive attention.
MAC Hepcat in the inner corners of my eyes and swept above the crease
Let's face it, most women would rather have a root canal than shop for undergarments or bathing suits. In a one-on-one interview with co-owner of Flirt, an intimate apparel and swimwear bouquet located at
Apparent Attenuation: 77%
Next punch a hole in the back of each cone to thread your twine through. Then punch or cut out your numbers and affix one to each cone. (I mentioned I printed my numbers on label paper. Trying to peel the backs off of those 1" circles was the most tedious part of the entire project. Next time I'll print on regular paper and affix to the cones with glue.)
Or, rather, there’s a complete rewrite of a manuscript first drafted two years ago. And it’s dark and gritty. It’s deep and intense. It’s shot through with bolts of lyricism.
While the Eagleman-Tallis debate and Lanza’s theory may not seem to have much in common, in a way they both address the central question of consciousness: Do we live in here, or in a world out there?
Who said: "Two vast and trunkless legs of stone
The best is yet to come. Pinterest board about my "Create Space" have kept me nurtured and focused, but at last, I'm getting started! Yeah!!! On your mark, get set, GO!
This video is about 14 minutes long...an eternity, in this medium called a "blog". But if you can slow down long enough to hear...I can tell you, you'll be blessed.
IHRC
more, and more, and more
“Marcus, don’t tell me you haven’t Googled yourself.” I said. Marcus started making some lewd gestures referencing a certain body part and moving his arm up and down like he was cocking a gun. “And no Marcus, I’m not talking about that kind of ‘Googling yourself’! Now we all know what we’ll find when we Google Santorum.” I said under my breath. At that point Karen made a little coughing noise.
Skepoet: Has the internet been helpful in getting knowledge about Slavic pagan religions out to be public?
37. Orange Blossom Special
c) goat sacrifice
I will have everything posted up in the sidebar. Play along by April 23rd for your chance to win our May monthly kit.
So in between getting out some last minute Christmas cards (okay, all of them) shopping for the last few things, (some of them as yet unknown), planning for the big family gathering(no cookies baked yet) and scrambling to catch up with the day job, I'll be promoting A Tiger's Courage here and there over the holiday season.
CCS has sapped investment in renewable power research. $1.8B in subsidy to nuclear recently.
Fennel powder- 1 tsp
You learn to live with the pain.
1 sharp
“Eli MacKennon, every horse is special to you,” Hannah said as she stepped to Jake’s side and put her arm around her husband’s shoulders. “Why, you have a way with critters.” She smiled, noting that the wildcat’s soft paddy-toes were waving upside down with pleasure.
Twenty minutes later and I was in Kendal and browsing the shelves, having returned two books. By the time I returned home an hour later, Hubby was raring to take the dogs out for a walk, as I think Maddi was starting to cross all four legs! What a lovely day it has been with warm sunshine in our faces and a very slight cool breeze in our hair! The dogs sat outside with Hubby after their walk and then the admiration parade began.
Here are 3 ways PowerWallet can take the gloom out of managing your money and make you feel proud about your personal finances.
--By day three, the tutors roar with glee as I dance rather proficiently, pulling the trademark Argentinian face .... Christ.
UPDATE: October 7, 2010 -Comet Hartley 2 now visible in “normal” binoculars! Last night it was bright enough for me to see using 8X40 binoculars – significantly brighter than on October 2 when I last saw it. It was an easy target in 15X70 binoculars and I suspect that at this rate it will be reaching naked eye visibility – just barely – for those with really dark skies.. But even with small binoculars it’s still the kind of target that requires an observer to have some experience to find and see. For example, if you can find and see the large galaxy, M33, you certainly should be able to use the same instrument to see Hartley now.UPDATE: October 2, 2010 – While I would not discourage people from searching for Comet Hartley 2 right now, it is something that only experienced observers with dark skies will find easy to see at this moment. I have mag 5.5 skies and I could not see it last night while using 15X70 hand held binoculars when it was about 50 degrees above the horizon in the early evening. I did see it with an 80mm telescope and it was visible to one of three new observers who were visiting me last night when we used a 6-inch refractor. I would rate it a bit more difficult to see than M110, the fainter of the companion galaxies to M31.
…wanted to get records back from my ex- & change my number; all so that he would miss me as “Someone (He) Used to Know”.
Our prayers will be answered with blessings we could not have imagined because God truly loves His dear children through Christ Jesus. With humble trust we say, “Hallelujah! Lord, thank You for strengthening us and forming us to live to Your glory.”
This is a set of 6 super simple cards that can be used for many different occasions.
After you have registered and checked-in, you will have to go through a briefing. This briefing is kinda like a crash course into skydiving, where the instructor will teach you how to position your body during the flight. And because while you are in the wind tunnel, the wind is going to be strong so you won't be able to anything (including instructions) other than the wind ,so you will also be taught how to recognize the hand signals the instructors will be giving you while in-flight.
As for the Prize.... we will supply your winner with FOUR images of their choice! Meljen have kindly supplied the design team with some images to help inspire you.
· The Lady and the Unicorn by Tracy Chevalier
Prior to my birth:
This Sunday begins a series of dinners at Hearth Restaurant which will feature three course red sauce dinners for $39. Help them kick of the first :: 403 East 12th Street. 646.602.1300
When she’s the one a wounded Nick Fury calls to fix the problem he couldn’t.
Overnight 1/3 of 2012 left us…yes, we have 66.6% of the year left to focus on our goals and invest ourselves in what we dream about. The interesting thing is that often people are marking time, just waiting for great to happen.
Our go-to recipe by Ina Garten calls for two cups of canned chickpeas. Typically I empty the can without measuring—but this time I checked and realized that a can is bit shy of two cups. No biggie. If you decide to go with dried chickpeas, you’ll need to plan ahead. They take at least four hours for soaking, better yet overnight, and another three hours for cooking.
The rain was the heaviest anyone could remember. The river at the back of the estate had washed away a hundred-year old wall and the water was cascading down the tarmac paths, along the patios and into the houses.
How bizarre!
Lewis Schaffer – Three Sisters Licked my Balls Mike Belgrave
Fish grilled beside the lake
When the film is developed, it looks like a meaningless swirl of light and dark lines. But as soon as the developed film is illuminated by another laser beam, a three-dimensional image of the original object appears.
And the other night I noticed the can of organic coconut milk I had in the pantry was about to pass the "Best Before" date. I popped it in the back of the fridge overnight. By morning the thick creamy coconut milk has risen to the top of the can and what little bit of coconut water that is left is at the bottom of the can. I scooped a spoonful into my coffee and decided to save the rest for this desert, perfect for a sunny spring day.
Dr. Lund used a survey of 14,700 men age 20-50 years with a 49% response rate. Participants included 1,155 former smokers and 1,417 current smokers (80% of whom had tried to quit).
If you collect historical cocktail and drinks material and have not yet reached the point where you wish to divest yourself of your collections, there’s good news: the hunt is on.
Povitica, pronounced ‘po-va-teet-sa’ is traditional Eastern European dessert bread that is traditionally served during the holiday season. It is also known as Nutroll, Potica, Kalachi or Strudia. It is a heavy sweet bread that requires quite a bit of time, skill and patience to make, meaning they often sell for extortionate amounts. Povitica is quite unique and unlike any other kind of bread I’ve ever come across. It looks a little rustic on the outside, but once sliced, reveals the most amazing swirls of thin dough interlaced with sweet sticky filling. I love how its not even just one swirl, but two or three individual swirls in each slice. It really is quite extraordinary, a real show stopper!
i’ve cut myself.
Going back on the last 48 hours… I am drawn to a deeper sense of Gratitude… that is beyond the name that I am!! When I began blogging as “Mystiic”, I was looking for a space that bridged the gap between “human being” and “being human”. Which there is a very fine line between… since, one feeds on the other to sustain.
I have even more problems now actually. the worst part of all is i get call drops whenever i get an alert. even if it is a birthday alert the call drops.
way of looking at it!"
After eight years working on it, Thomas de Wesselow could go on and on into infinite detail, far too much to take on board at one sitting. Yet for every answer – or “new way of understanding” as he prefers to put it — another question inevitably arises.
And put it in a box for me.
How we wished to be remembered when we have passed away depends on our deeds when we are alive. There's nothing else we take with us when we die except the shrouds that we are buried in; the palace, families, wealth and power are left behind.
Then I got an e-mail about a bit launch of Porter, so I said yes, I'd like some. And a sixer showed up. Well, as I'd posted on Facebook, my tasting table's kinda full, so it took a week or so to get around to chilling one, which I did Monday night.
Credits: -
Do you find yourself committing acts of symbolic violence?
Banana Man: Well, my parents gave it to me.
allowed my normal workload of life--teaching yoga, walking the dog, yard work-- account for my workout (fear of...yep, being fat, again);
Ah, what would a good bike ride to the market be without a favourite local food delight.
Amish Acres is an Amish amusement park. People who work there wear "costumes" - for the Amish workers it's their everyday wear. There are rides (the Carriage Ride of Terror and the Horse and Buggy of Death - not the actual names). They have a theme restaurant (Eat like the Amish without all the back breaking field work and barn raising! -- not the actual slogan.) There are gift shoppes ("fun" old timey amusement park spelling of shops) filled with apple butter, zucchini bread, and Amish action figures. It's sort of like Disneyland ... minus the technology. Needless to say, parking was easy and there was no tram from the lot to the gate.
Tree farms pass
We went to her 1yr dr. appointment on her birthday. (poor thing!) Dr. Ginny said that she is looking great and that if we wanted to skip her 15month appointment she would be fine with it. She got her finger pricked so they could draw some blood for the lead test (I was a little worried about her lead levels since we live in an older house and we stirred up a lot of dust during our attic renovation right before she was born). But thankfully it came back way under their lowest level! Yay! Dr. Ginny gave us the go ahead to give her cow's milk (which we had been doing for one cup a day since she way 11months old) and said that Adelyn should get 24oz per day of whole milk - I have NO idea how that is going to happen. The most I've ever seen her drink is 8oz. I went out and bought some straw sippy cups hoping that the straw will get her to drink more. This is going to be challenging. I don't want to force her to drink if she isn't hungry or thirsty but I do want her to get enough good fats to grow and for good brain development. hmmm.
at his soul till you slowly and painfully turn the loathsome
ANY NEPALESE SPECIALTIES?
That's a bit of a relief for me; it means there is a lot of detail I can leave out for now, and thus less words to put on paper. But it also helps me realize that, as much as some critics might like to romanticize the auteur theory—roughly speaking, the idea that a director's vision and personality will come out no matter the cinematic context—the filmmaking process itself is as much about the people a director works with, and their dueling egos, as it is about the director him- or herself. And I think that I, by nature, am all about inclusiveness and hearing other people's ideas.
note: as the pesto sauce and sun dried tomatoes are packed with oil, i tried not to put too much and also i dabbed the oil off the sundried tomatoes before putting them in.
www.mythirtyone.com/cammieheflin/
I would like opinions here. I started with 2 panels and had the "turnovers" (triangles) in the same fabric line already. I used those to border the panel. To me, this could be a finished piece (with a border, quilting and binding) OR I could add several wide borders to make it a lap quilt. Currently these are about 20" x 30". What do you think?
"They may not intimidate or threaten other road users while executing work. They may also never brandish their firearms - this is completely unacceptable."
ME: OK (scanning list)....what do they mean by "1 body"? I'm assuming it's not a corpse they are talking about and they probably don't mean "bring yourself" or "bring the body of the baby to be delivered".....
UGH!!! WHY DID I SAY THAT?
One black policeman, homicide Insp. Rotea Gilford, did heroic work during the Zebra investigation. Insp. Gilford, the city’s first black homicide inspector, brought in Dwight Stallings. Insp. Gilford had grown up with Stallings, and knew Stallings had blood on his hands, but he lacked sufficient evidence to make the arrest stick. Gilford and Stallings have both since died.
How was your experience of Glasgow, would you recommend Glasgow for more shoots?
I want to start this blog-period with a birthday card I crafted for a friend that will celebrate her birthday this month. Her favorite color is purple and so I used different kind of shades of purple and pink for the flower-layers. They are made out of folded circles of cardstock and vellum paper ( part is printed, some just unicolor). I put a selfadhesive purple rhinestone in the middle that i got as a gift from my great New-Zealand-Friend Karen O. :) I also used the rhinestones on the small border under the flower. I like all the small flowers on the background of the card that is paper from a StampinUp Set, which was also a wonderful gift from a great crafting Lady Kim Burmeister. I stamped the Happy birthday from a stamp set from My Paper World on a scalloped circle that was another gift from my american friend Jill.
and have continually threatened to do so since?
7. Danny Boy (reprise)(1999) - The Irish Tenors
Side note: thanks god!
The BSOD (Blue Screen of Death) refers an error message that appears on Windows computers. When this happens, the screen turns blue and an error message informing the user of the problem appears. The error message causes fear in Windows users because its appearance means that their computer has suffered a fatal crash. It is often mocked and used to chastise how many bugs and glitches Windows computers have.
Here is a screenshot of my IP information. As I said before you can view IP, Subnet, and Default Gateway information. Your IP address is the internet address that is locally assigned to your computer that identifies your computer on your local network. The Subnet Mask lets you know how many computers are able to connect to your network and class of network you have. Your Default Gateway address is the address that you would need in order to connect out to the internet.
1 dog
Peter Morgan Goodrich, 33, Sudbury, Mass.
- For more…you can visit www.mymemories.com and look through the website, check out the digital scrapbook pages, embellishments and tell me which set is your favorite.
Old Speckled Hen England, Premium Bitter, 5.2%
-a bit of chain wrestling, both cautious.
Window open, Spring night air
GK: Why don't I give you the password to our alarm system, too.
Or, you can join me in my Underground Doomsday Shelter. I’m down with the whole “pull together in times of strife, so that we all might survive” thing.
Thin Mint Truffles
Others think that participation in competitive sports is what sets athletes apart from the rest of us, regardless of the type of sport.
There is a photograph of me from July 11th,1981 (go to 7-11-81) where I look so young and so good that I cannot be sure it is me. So young and so good and so gay. I don’t remember being gay in 1981 but who knows. I hope it is me. Behind me is a friend I haven’t spoken to in years.
The doctor was amazed at Payt's toughness. He said they often have to restrain little kids to do this because they won't hold still. He said it really hurts.
In love, in love you outrun the misery of your heart
Modern-day Leftists too seem to seek influence outside the normal democratic channels -- from strikes and demonstrations to often successful attempts to get the courts to make law.
The game will be on Thursday the 9th of February at 7:30-9:30pm MST for the folks in North America, or is 2:30-4:30am GMT. I'm adam kunzang nyima on G+, with a picture of me doing a handstand on a beach, and my email is (here dot now dot relax at gmail dot com). I'm looking to make this an every-other-week game with up to four players per session. And while I may allow FLAILSNAILS characters in the future, at the moment I want to keep everything relatively close to the source material.
Today Paul and I went down to my Mum’s for a lovely luncheon of roast lamb and vegetables fresh from her garden. We played a leisurely game of Articulate (there are always games at my family’s house- Paul hates games, mwa ha ha haaa…), and sampled my Mum’s first attempt at The Wedding Cake.
I will begin implementing it in a gradual manner, easing in.
I am continuing in an art book that I had started in art school so there is some gesso to start, acrylics , stencils and spray inks. The days were punched with a square punch (inked up scrap paper I had). On the bottom right is "the crafter" by Stampotique...I think she is making Valentines :)
So, it dawned on me recently that may of us Christians have probably become like a wearisome teen to our heavenly Father. “Dear God can I have? Dear God would You do?” And if He doesn’t seem to answer at some point? Did it ever occur to us that maybe if we were more about a two-way relationship and less about getting what we want, that maybe the heavenly Father may feel more present.
When I'm not sneezing, I'm blowing my nose. When I'm not blowing my nose, my eyes are weeping. Actually my eyes are simultaneously extremely wet and painfully dry. Even indoors, sunlight hurts.
Around the house... I don't have much to do. My children have been awesome at keeping up their chores and helping me whenever I've asked for it. I have such great kids!
My Weight Watchers Leader plugged this nifty little virtual tour to fitness! It's really fun...okay I just started yesterday, but it's fun. It is done through AARP. You get an old vintage car, and start your "trip" in Chicago and as you exercise and log it in, you gain miles and lose weight toward your goal! It can be any exercise! Go and check it out here.
to burn their reputation
He’s in deep shit
From the decision of the Court of Arches Mr. Gorham appealed to her Majesty in Council. The case came on for hearing on Appeal, before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, December 11, 1849. The appellant’s points, as put by his Counsel, were principally these: The Articles are the Code of Doctrine in the Church of England, the Prayer Book the Code of Devotion. It is not imputed to Mr. Gorham that he holds anything inconsistent with the Articles, but that he holds doctrine inconsistent with opinions gathered by the bishop inferentially from the Services of the Church. The doctrine which Mr. Gorham is alleged to contradict may be stated as that of unconditional regeneration in baptism, which is substantially the same as that opus operatum of the Council of Trent, which Article XXV. condemns, as is shown by the version of that Article in the edition of 1552 (their Article XXVI.), where the words used were "and in such only as worthily receive the same, have they a wholesome effect, and that not on account of the work wrought, "idque non ex opera (ut quidam loquuntur) operate."The present Article XXV., though leaving out the particular words ex opere operato, as effectually condemns the idea of unconditional grace. The question is not whether the doctrine of Mr. Gorham is laid down in the Articles, but whether it is tenable consistently with them.
(But at least my laptop survived the great coke debacle and is back home with me in one piece!)
Now, I’m not condoning the rudeness that I displayed there, but you guys know me by now (or if you don’t, feel free to peruse those archives to your right), I’ve talked to y’all before about my issue with straight white teeth. It’s not just that they do it for me, it’s that without them, ewww I just can’t. I know that sounds shallow, but I also think you need to know what you can and can’t deal with. I can NOT deal without them. Ask Jeepers Creepers! His only major flaw was that his bottom row looked he was a cousin to Jaws, and that is so not okay.
31. Palatka - Straight (Straight Youth)
100g/3½ oz cold unsalted butter, cut into chunks
Shannon – Associate Editor
I purchased the kit a few years ago while on the Minnesota State Shop Hop! I had the book, but then saw all these cute fabrics and buttons in a kit, I had to make it!
Because we only had a couple of days we had to make choices from the many things which are there to be seen. We chose to visit Parc Guell, Casa Batlló. ( unfortunately Casa Mila was closed for some reason) and the Sagrada Familia. With it’s beautiful architecture, pretty streets and as much Gaudi as a person could take in, Barcelona is a lovely place to visit for a long weekend.
P.P.S: When the recipe says place the dough in fridge for 15mins, it really means 15mins! I accidentally left mine in for an hour and it came out ROCK HARD.
And what does it matter. Why do men have to wake you up to ask you if you are asleep.
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who has long been a leading voice on strict gun control, has launched a nation-wide campaign to reform or repeal these, what he calls, “Shoot First” laws.
The 1960s were turbulent times and for those whose youth was spent in that decade, After the Falls: Coming of Age in the Sixties—a Memoir by Catherine Gildiner will ring many familiar bells. It begins with her starting high school and the youthful adventures common to that era. She is a natural storyteller who grew up to become a clinical psychologist in private practice. Her earlier memoir “Too Close to the Falls” drew wide acclaim.
I SHOULD: exercise more.
18How, meeting you on the way, he made an attack on you when you were tired and without strength, cutting off all the feeble ones at the end of your line; and the fear of God was not in him.
Well, it did say friendly. I mean, who doesn’t love pigs, and llamas, and goats, and rabbits, and donkeys? It was going to be a good day. It couldn’t get any worse. I was with my mother.
Once they were dry, I stuck some purple ribbon behind them and attached them along the frame of the image.
“I guess that means yes,” Mackenzie says, laughing. “Thanks, it’s been a while since Dom and I have spent time with just adults. It’s not like I know a lot of people willing to babysit for—” she looks around to make sure no one is looking “—vampires,” she mouths.
I think I was sat back in my chair at the time and I remember as the song went on, I sank further and deeper into it, until the chair consumed me, and I ended up falling through space and time, in a void between now and never.
As I had already told Amelia and Becca what was going on, they were pretending to be uninterested in mine and Dane’s conversation.
$1.50 off Any Theraflu Product
Preheat oven to 375*. Prepare cookies sheet by laying parchment paper on it.
I know I'm a lucky mum in the scheme of things. I don't have to fight my child to go to school or do their reading. I don't have to get a crowbar out to find out even one smidgen of the days events, I hear it in its every detail. I don't need to fear the report or parents evening.
I think that particular year I cycled the furthest I’d ever cycled, from mum and dads house at Hassall all the way to a friends house in Bucknall, Stoke-on-Trent. I remember speaking to uncle Stan and asking if he thought she’d last the weekend, I hoped mum n dad would return from holiday in time to say their goodbyes. Mum and dad did get back in time, I’d left them a note to say where I was and a contact number.
An epic shooter with time management, tower defence and RPG elements.
A Northern Cardinal, who appeared to be flying solo, stopped by my yard this morning and sat in the crab apple tree long enough for me to take a few photos. Though taken through the kitchen window, they tell me he really was here. Last year a single Cardinal passed through and I couldn't help but wonder if it's the same one, returning along a traditional road to his summer home.
It is not just glaziers who will benefit from the current spate of riot and insurrection. The greatest rewards will accrue to lawyers who will not only be more than adequately remunerated for defending and prosecuting those allegedly involved, but will also rake it in at public expense through civil actions.
not waking up at 5am every morning
First, there is no easy definition of what constitutes reasonable suspicion. For example, are Home Affairs officials allowed to assess whether someone is potentially an illegal immigrant by the colour of their skin. There will be many claims against the State for unlawful arrest and detention if that is the level of criteria used as a definition of “reasonable suspicion”.
As my friend Kim says, “God is so transparent…”
In the back of each of the World Book Night books, carefully selected by Don Paterson, is a Shakespeare sonnet.A Tale of Two Cities contains Sonnet 34 – a very fitting one, considering the dismal weather today (which perhaps was partly what helped me feel like Father Christmas – not only is it cold, but my raincoat is bright red).
Chocolate wafer cookies
Below is the recipes for the simple syrup and the Apple bitters... Cheers and Happy Mixing. Be on the lookout for this recipe on Koloa Rum's website soon...
Retirement cycles are pushing Baby Boomers out, but there aren’t trained factory workers waiting to take their place anymore. Manufacturers cannot stay competitive without preserving the knowledge of their existing workers. Transferring knowledge and skills can be difficult during the hiring transition, and industrial workforce training protects collected knowledge and passes it on.
Sounds the note
Back facts: There have been seven World Series since that unfortunate one in 1966 that went just four games. The most recent was the 2007 Series when the Red Sox beat the Rockies in four straight.
1/2 tsp. red pepper flakes
Here's how it works.....
CRAIG FINN - Clear Heart Full Eyes
i don't even know why
Chris: 3.1
Unfortunately for McCain, Sarah Palin's already provided half of the 3rd scenario.
And...
For me, the Roodman book also reflects a much wider trend: a rapid movement toward accountable, data-driven international development. Donors, governments and (most importantly) the global poor we’re trying to serve are demanding better results from an industry that has often relied more upon individual success stories than hard data to justify its efforts. Whether this is borne out of a generalized frustration with the traditional model or from economic tightening caused by the financial crisis – it’s probably both – is less important than the fact that it’s finally happening. And this can only mean good things. It’s been a real enlightenment for me to learn about Grameen Foundation’s efforts in this area; the Progress out of Poverty Index™ is rapidly becoming the go-to tool used by microfinance institutions (MFIs) and other poverty-focused organizations to evaluate their impact on the families they serve, which in turn shapes how they do business.
This creation of a psychological sense of entitlement by right has allowed an enormous amount of flexibility within Social Security. Within Old Age Insurance, there’s an enormous amount of welfare-like redistribution and cross-subsidization from wealthier to poorer beneficiaries, and many Social Security recipients never contributed anything close to their lifetime benefit. Supplemental Security Income is basically a welfare program for poor seniors set inside a social insurance program, and it’s survived 37 years basically untouched because of that.
Both faculty members had been placed on paid administrative leave in late March after a Tallahassee Police Department report quoted witnesses as saying they were on hand when the hazing occurred at the home of one of the professors then.
Monday my small team officially joined a new larger team at work. There are good things about this "merger", and things about it that still remain to be seen. I'm in protective "mother hen" mode at the moment with the whole situation. At any rate, it's new, and if there's one thing that is constant about where I work, there's always something "NEW" going on.
Wed: Well, I am beach bound for 10 days with my mom, sister and niece.
Kiss Nail or Toenail kit $1/1 - expires 2/28/2011
So while the Browns may have just made their draft picks (which I like some and dislike one), Team Blonde is on the field getting ready!
Hello and Happy Friday! Hope you are having a lovely week. I'm so glad it's Friday. I don't know about you, but I am ready for the weekend:)
It's not important to be right all the time. That's something I'm going to continue to work on with God's help!
7. Soap, for washing it out.
Thanks lady!
I'll hold on to these memories during the busy times when we don't see Eric as often as we like. Memories like bundling up for a walk on a January night so we could go get ice cream. Sharing a big tub of popcorn while we watched Alvin & the Chipmunks at the theater. And staying up late so I could beat Eric at Rummikub.
Publisher: Howard Books
If you're not yet familiar with these kick-ass films, I hope our enthusiasm will pique your interest!
I have gardened most of my life, but other than the gift of a small, illustrated book my sister once gave me on the language of flowers, I knew nothing about it. However, it did sound romantic and I immediately imagined I would include all my favorites. For instance, when Livie finds the bouquet of irises on her front porch swing, I initially planned she would find hydrangeas, perhaps mixed with clematis. Well, guess what? Hydrangeas—to me the most romantic looking flower of them all, those colors, the lushness of their blooms—in flower language, they symbolize heartlessness. They say, You are cold. So much for romance! Clematis stands for mental beauty, not exactly speaking to the sort of affection I hoped for. In fact, I was amazed when I began researching flower meanings and symbols at just how lacking in affection and sentimentality the language is. Like my fiction, a lot of it conveys a darker meaning.
Emotions that came flooding back
What to do? It's up to us, and Chris sums it up nicely:
“you’re the best.” Awwww. So this morning as I sit down to write, what is foremost in my mind are not the daily headlines, but instead the love I feel for a man I have shared my life with for 23 years, who still remembers to bring me flowers.
Rivera to close.
But for some reason I can’t seem to get the words to flow.
Yes, I think that’s one of the big advantages a musician has now. I definitely get a lot of people coming to see me live on that kind of basis. That’s why it’s all the more important to have a memorable live show and lots of merch and music to sell while you are there.
--Shake to get rid of the extra sugar.
I have mad love for Illamasqua’s blushes, and the entire brand concept in general. I’d been craving for some of their much-raved about Nail Varnishes and took the chance to grab 4 of them from Sephora.
I hasten to add that not all micro-distillers are this way. There are some terrific people running small distilleries, people who do things the right way, who are steeped in both the science and the history, and who work their asses off. It has been a pleasure for me to get to know many of them. The poseurs, we reassure ourselves, will surely wash out and go away in time.
It’s therefore not surprising that art and popular culture hold that sirens, from Cleopatra to Salome to Brigitte Bardot, have heavily painted eyes. This has further trained men to recognise a sex pot by her eyelids.
- Bmw Serie 7
My sisters: L to R : Diane, Donna, Deb
Every year I play mom, doctor, foster parent, rescue worker (and sometimes coroner) to a host of baby Muscovy ducks that are hatched near my house (we live near a lake) every year. Yesterday a female near our front door hatched at least 20 chicks and today she took them all for their first walk.
You can be assured that all these adventure tours are worth all the thrill without compromising on the level of security and safety that you need. Throughout the duration of the tours, you can be sure to enjoy great views, amazing interaction and exciting adventures for your travel to India that would happen only once in a lifetime.
05 Dance Of The Windup Toy
Problem is that when you've used your body in a certain way over time it is really tough to get rid of your bad habits. They are good old friends with your body, and your body moves quite contrary to what you are planning yourself.
p.s. 1 : FuFu just wanna let you guys know he loves his country very much.
Now, shape the tarts: divide the dough into 10 equal pieces. Lightly flour a work surface, grab one piece of dough and using the heel of your hand flatten it into a 13cm (5in) circle.
This one below I love.....it started out with Twinkling H20's already painted background for something else. I didn't care for it so I put a layer of gesso over it first because being water soluble the Twinklers get all smudgy. So many and many layers and soft blending and slapping paint layers on and drippy paint, boy this was so much fun....a lot different than the old standard painting I am used to...
"My grandparents were the politicians," I'll say, and leave it at that.
It seems odd writing about drink the day after the city I live in descended into anarchy. But having just got back in after going to help clean up the streets of Hackney a mile down the road, I found a crowd of 500 people had had the same idea, and all of us had been beaten to it by the awesome council street cleaners. We passed burned out cars being taken away, shops with the shutters down unable to clean up until the police had checked the scene, but the streets were clean and showing next to no evidence of rioting.
We will award a 'The Shabby Tea Room Tea Time Terrific Top Three' badge to the three most creative projects ... plus, this week only, all the Tea Time Terrific Top Three Winners will receive free images from Tiffany!!! One lucky participant will earn 'The Shabby Tea Room Winner' badge and 10 digi images from Tiffany!
Setting: First school
Some of these things.....are totally the kinds of projects
The impermanence swells within me and I give birth to new eyes, fresh vision, and the love of All rushes out upon the space around me in squiggles and lines, stories and experience, words of witness to all the joys of Light and Dark.
There are two reasons for this. Firstly, one of the main aims of the BNP is that of preserve the indigenous culture of our native island, the Fijians are another Island race with a culture worth preserving, and both of which are cultures which, if they were lost, would result in the world being a poorer place.
“The decision to divest Broadcast Communications resulted from a thorough review of our business portfolio, which determined that the business is no longer aligned with the company’s long-term strategy,” stated William M. Brown, president and chief executive officer, in releasing the company’s latest financial numbers this morning.
lip gloss and magazine's got slipped into purses.....
Demonstrate grace to the world in accord with the grace you expect from the world.
I am no fashion plate, or style guru (all the people who know me are nodding their heads right now) but this is bizarro. the only explanation is that same singular focus that led him to being the greatest baller, guides his wardrobe choices. only his closet is full of L's instead of championships, and he accepts no coaching.
A total of 15 possible entries!
But why should I have all the fun? Have a look below at some of the photos I took and see a bit of what I saw at the Festival of Chocolate. If it ever comes near you in the future, then be sure you check it out, especially if you haven’t before!
While I hoped that we were seeing things in time-lapse, we waited for divine intervention. None came. So we watched and photographed each other, the broken building, and the brave men who walk…
God I hope Natalie Portman wins.
If you’ve settled it once and for all
Call the Restaurant Ahead of Time
I was going to join this party a little later on down the road, but something interesting happened while filming our upcoming podcast for The Wired Fish. While discussing our biggest disappointments of 2011 (spoiler), Hachi called out Super Mario 3D land as his disappointment. Not that it was a bad game, but rather that it felt like it was missing something. From what I experienced playing the demo at Comic Con, I loved it, and in the back of my mind was hoping that his claims were full of shit, and that maybe he doesn’t know how to handle the 3DS nub properly, so I could laughingly say “You’re playing the game wrong”. That same night, I decided to debunk his claim one level at a time…
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe in the knowledge that I liked from the perspective that it sounded good but was actually detrimental to humanity so much that I would convince my friends of its validity so completely that they stood one and equal with me defending it even though it was never real
Dick is distraught to learn that Maisie is leaving to go away to school, saying that he loves her and even that, as they are to be separated, it would have been better if she had shot straight and killed him. Maisie has a rather chilling line here: “How selfish you are! Just think how much trouble it would have caused for me.” This is an interesting change from the book, where Maisie is worried about how she would feel if she had killed Dick rather than whether she would be punished. The shift of emphasis makes her character seem harder and more self-centred, although in other scenes I think Carson and Wellman tend to make if anything her slightly more sympathetic than she is in the book. In this early scene, she also speaks of her longing to be an artist and suggests Dick should follow the same career, after he says that he can’t pass exams but can draw good caricatures of his masters.
What kind of a wedding is that?"
You have ordered the following products from MoreSales.com.my :-
For Waddo for Ritchie and Ian in scholar green
THE CABAL WANTS YOU TO FEEL HOPELESS… AND DOOMED
This is one of them. I love it. There were alot of the boys taken at our pond that turned out great too.
The bride and groom may decide to stay at a hotel or in their own home on their wedding night, either way as a member of the bridal party - or a thoughtful friend - you may want to have a special gift waiting for them when they arrive or delivered soon after.
By your dichotomous mind
The latter is often being overlooked by the way: Money has a very specific transformational role in your life, and if you don't understand that dynamic you may find yourself struggling in one or more aspects of your finances even if it looks like you're doing everything you're supposed to do. You may for example be applying all the best advice to your business yet nothing seems to work.
Walking into the nurses lounge from the heat of the parking lot, I registered two things immediately.....
San Antone Rose
Under PPH agreements, an applicant receiving a favorable ruling from one nation's patent office on at least one claim in an application may request that the corresponding application filed with the other nation advance out of turn for examination. By coordinating patentable results between both nations' offices, applicants can expect to obtain patents in both nations more quickly.
As I shared on this blog recently, my father is dying from Alzheimer's. Every day, every moment that I am not distracted by something else, I wonder if this will be the day that we lose him. It's like an open wound in my heart that I'm walking around with, but no one can see it. Thankfully I am blessed with a loving family that is here to offer me hugs and tissues when the silent grieving gets to be too much.
But. "Whoever restrains his lips is prudent." When we learn that lesson in word fasting, we've finally become wise. When we can control our tongue, stop it in a conversation, and not chatter mindlessly, we've smartened up. The prudent, the wise, the intelligent, the smart people in life know that learning to be quiet is an extremely important lesson to learn. I don't want to be known as that talkative person who just talks and talks and ends up sinning (or causing sin) in a conversation. I want to be known as someone who can be discerning and hold her tongue.
Questions having immediate answers:
The bible tells us to be grateful. 1 Thessalonians tells us “give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you.” Why is this God’s will? Same reason I teach my kids to be thankful for their meals, or a gift from a friend. Because gratitude becomes a gateway to thankfulness and thankfulness becomes a gateway to joy. Want to meet truly joyful people in the world? They are those that are thankful and grateful for each friend, for special day, for each small blessing in their life. Simply put: gratitude teaches us to live richer lives.
So now we’re in a holding pattern for the rest of the week. Peach has her holiday dance performance this weekend, and I have my annual ornament throwdown on Sunday. Then NEXT week, next Thursday, to be exact, we jet off on our super secret surprise trip to … aww, wouldn’t you love to know? Stay tuned!
I thought this was not as fast as two weeks ago (my last track workout), but I double checked, and hey, it's slightly better. So, that's good. And, fun fact, I've been sick for BOTH track workouts. Fucking lame. I'm interested to see what I can do when I feel fine.
lucky me I have passed one and there is another one on the way, oh joy!!
3. Talking of shopping, I did a bit of a crazy shopping splurge in Boots on Wednesday afternoon when I got so fed up from being stuck inside for three days (minus the running), staring out of the window at the dull weather. I say ‘splurge’ by my standards – I am a student after all. But I did get quite a lot, despite telling myself I only needed a few ‘essential items’. New mascara? Check. New nail polish? Why the hell not. Shall I finally get around to trying those Tweezermans which I hear are highly recommended? Better make it now or never. I didn’t feel guilty for it at all, to be honest, for I’d deserved it. At least I tell myself I did.
Aight, I’m going to bed. Oh. Crap. There’s a raid in 2 hours. Um … nap then? Eff it .. maybe I’ll just log in and get my dailies done so Van stays on track to get his pet and mount from the holiday.
That's the pure act of discipleship. Jesus doesn't just call us to hang out with Him, then do whatever we please. He calls for radical obedience, right down to our sexual choices. To dismiss that, we dismiss Him. The question becomes: How much do you really love Jesus? Or do you love your desires more?
that Cutlass we test-drove
Ham Gravy
Those of you who have been following us since TZEEEAC's inception are probably familiar with Gigantic Brain, an insane one-man drum machine futuristic cybergrind project of US musician John Brown. I've reviewed the entire discography and even provided download links (courtesy of John Brown, who releases all of his music for free). It's great and you should check it out, in the event that the apocalyptic alien invasions described in his music actually become reality. You'll be fully prepared for our planetary genocide and you'll be able to die a calm and dignified, albeit pulverizing, death.
The memory research and the vast amounts of data collected led the researchers toward more than a little skill in being able to set and erase long-term memories, and thus shape the personality of this new collective organism.
But this was a pivotal decade where a generation grew up on YA Vampire novels, and grew into STAR TREK fan fiction (printed on paper.)
Pegasus and Unicorn drawn cabs: best form of licensed travel..no horsing around.
We just came back from Shaw’s on Black Rock Turnpike. Though we came out of there with $20 of half-priced toilet cleaners and wipies, there really isn’t much in the store. They are also not accepting coupons, so the bargains really aren’t huge bargains.
It's a strange experience. Firstly, although I'm appreciating the ironic authorial stance towards the child David in a way I couldn't have done as a child myself, or at least don't remember doing, it's all so very familiar, although I read it so long ago, far more familiar to me than many books I first read much more recently and re-read after far fewer years. A good part of the reason for this must be the ubiquitous nature of the story in our culture - all those film versions - but I do wonder too if it's testimony to Dickens' genius, or maybe the power of books over a young impressionable mind. More importantly, though, it's not just the book I'm reading. There's a palimpsest - more than one: as I follow David through the death of his mother and the marriage of Peggotty, there are images in my head too of the bedroom in our rented flat in an old Victorian building where I woke to find the book in my stocking that Christmas morning, and of the blazing coal fire beside which I sat reading it in the winter evenings following. I had my own feelings of loss and longing at that time with which the book chimed, and reading it now, they are brought back to me. Even then, the first time, when I read of David's visit to Yarmouth and the inside of the boathouse, my grandparents' cottage by the sea rose up before me with similar feelings of refuge, and so it does again now, along with that memory of its doing so before. As narrator Copperfield muses that while he recalls his childhood the early image of his mother's face overlays all later memories of her, I am struck by how far the youthful image of my mother's face at the time of that first reading has been with me as I read now. As well as the book, I am reading my own childhood, and not just that: I am reading my own first reading of that book.
The act or instance of tampering with a Motor Vehicle
“Vickie, they are just trying to get you to buy their shampoo. There is nothing wrong with the Head and Shoulders that we all use.”
Most of you probably know tWitch as the runner-up in season 4 of SYTYCD, who returned for season 7 as an ‘all-star’, pairing up with contestants for hip-hop pieces. He’s also appeared on Bones and Touch (both dramas on Fox) and played the best character in Step Up3-D, Jason, which he will reprise in this summer’s Step Up Revolution (also staring SYTYCD alum Kathryn McCormick).
Another thing that has changed significantly is my food cravings. Sweets and chocolate were never something I liked. I have never disliked them, but I would opt for a savory snack over pretty much any sweet selections. Sodium is one of the things that I monitor pretty closely, and overtime those tastes have completely changed. Rather than unhealthy snacks like Cheez-Its or Chex Mix, or even healthier options like carrots or celery I cannot make it through the day without a taste of something sweet. This week my reward when I have the extra calories to spare has been a couple Hershey’s Dark Chocolate Nuggets with Almonds. They are just sweet enough, have a little crunch, and a half serving (2 pieces) is only about 90 calories. It’s just enough to satisfy the craving, and not so much that I go over all of my limits for the day.
We are supposed to be the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA! Yet nothing is further from the truth. President Obama came out last week saying he believes every gay couple has the RIGHT to get married yet he still thinks each state should decide this civil right for themselves. 30 states currently discriminate against tax paying hard working gay couples, denying them the right to have insurance, inheritance and medical rights for their partners. They deny them tax perks only allowed to "legally married couples". We have many states that because of who their governor and legislators are deny women their Supreme Court and constitutional right to have a legal safe abortion, forcing them to jump through state mandated hoops like invasive ultra sounds or pay to travel to a more choice friendly state to get their abortion.
Bit What mosquitoes did
She contributed generously to the community and solidarity, he said during the ceremony.
My favourite way to start the day : cats - cup of tea - blog.
But I say, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people, and by a foolish nation I will anger you.
Hi all! This is just a quick post on a really simple project I did for my son's door. I designed this last night using Cricut Craft Room and cut it with my Imagine today Every since I got this cartridge I have been wanting to make this door hanger as I thought my son would love it! He is so into his superhero characters already (he's 2 1/2)! He loves to dress up as Spiderman or Superman and would wear the costumes every day if he could. I know he is going to love it when he wakes up from his nap shortly. My first design had the "Heroes Only" logo on it but I thought it was a little plain and he can't read anyway:-). I thought he would like it much better with the Superman logo and his name.
Lawyerlike, he was slow to answer. He looked away, out the window. “Doesn’t everyone?” he said.
There was no need to do this ever, ever again. Right?
21-Aug 1970, Santa Monica Civic Center, Santa Monica, CA
Knob of butter
Many ages passed before she finally shrugged
So I sold my bike, after only two weeks.
1 onion, sliced
“Tabasco?” I suggested.
As homemakers we worry about everything, I know this for a fact. We worry about keeping our homes clean. We worry about making sure our kids are properly clothed for the weather (hot, cold, rain, shine). We worry about the food we make and wonder if our children (and husbands) are eating enough. We worry when our babies have runny noses and tiny coughs. We worry about everything. And often amongst that worry, our littles on get lost. We hussle them out of stores or away from play areas, irritated that they want to doddle. I mean, we have to a schedule to keep, right? We roll our eyes at their fits and wonder, sometimes angrily why they are so upset. I know I have wondered this. And it is in times like these that I learned a lesson,
Sarah and I share information constantly, so when I send out one of my UK debuts, I will have a sense of its value in the US and translation markets. Of course a book doesn’t have a real financial value until a publisher has placed an offer on it. Taking on an author is an act of faith. I might have been working on a book for a year, and think it’s HUGE, but until I get a publisher endorsing that, it’s still just an opinion. But having an impression of the international value from my colleagues means I can be clear-minded about a UK deal. For example, if I’m offered a lot of money for world rights, I can take an informed view about whether or not to accept that.
Water Colour Card
This is one of my favorite movies, I must admit it. I love everything about it. I think the story, the writing, and the special effects were really outstanding.
Even though MasterChef falls into all of those reality TV traps like padding out the show with hyperbole from the judges and all those cliffhangers right before the ad breaks, it somehow is able to rise above all that and give us some damn fine TV. While we may be sick of hearing how every reality contestant on every reality show is ‘doing it for their family’ we’re definitely not sick of the drama that comes when a pavlova collapses with minutes left on the clock. There’s no other show on TV that can pull moments like that off. MasterChef still manages to somehow transform itself from a compelling cooking show into must-see TV.
genius a
Hi all and welcome to another Squiggle Saturday Challenge!
6. I Can't Tell You Why
Sept 27 – RockWater – Wausau, WI (Headlining)
Total page count: 518
Everywhere you look its lush, green, and growing.
government first at home, in our counties. Generals and Provost
“And these are Elmasry's words, during a discussion of terrorism on The Michael Coren Show last week, wherein he declared that all adult Israeli civilians (over 18), regardless of gender, are fair targets, ostensibly because a term of military service is mandatory for nearly all Israelis. "They are not innocent if they are part of a population which is ... (the) total population of Israel is part of the army ... even if they have civilian clothes ... The same if they are women in the army ... anybody above 18 is a part of the Israeli popular army.''
What I find most convincing about this tale is the absence of any physical contact between Simon and the aliens (who in addition to his mother comprised sundry characters in supporting roles). As Councillor Parkes explained:
Apparently splashing water droplets sticking like small crystals onto bottom of the skirt, just above the thin lace.
He let out an exaggerated sigh. “Lynsey, I don’t have time to get into this with you right now. What do you want me to say in the five minutes I have before I leave for work?”
2010.09.09 Pakistan Kurram 10 4 Militants murder ten bus passengers with an explosive device.
So the first thing i want to tell you about is....Well how can i put this politly....ummm.....The devil most certainly did not go to Georgia.....Infact he went to a little place called Burnham-on-Sea in somerset....and was reincarnated as a She-Beast......Shes about 6ft 2ins tall has bright red curly hair and walks with a kind of limp that makes you think.....is that cos shes not used to wearing shoes on her tiny little hooven feet.....she gave me one stare and i swear to you all now...a little wee came out....
But that is another whole post!!!
let me see your skin crrrawl
The debate at the General Assembly a week ago today resulted in a decision to move in a "trajectory" in the direction of allowing practising homosexuals to be ministers. This is against the will of the membership as surveyed by a Special Commission questionnaire. This is against the will of the majority of the worldwide church with whom we do want to retain a real sense of unity. But more importantly it is clearly against Scripture.
If you want a fun game to play, this is it.
While celebrating food, they're also fighting hunger. On behalf of the expert panel and all of the voters, Tablespoon.com is donating $15,000 to Feeding America, the nation’s leading domestic hunger-relief charity. One good meal deserves another, so head on over to Tablespoon.com/themunchies to vote now!
Taylor Swift: Fashion Leader
I arrived on Friday May 14th after a long flight from Buenos Aires. I've decided that I'm not going to write about the last image I got from my little nephew, Nano, at the airport. I will not mention that I cried all around the duty freeshop before takeoff. There won't be a word here mentioning that my first day in Holland was a little bit tough and emotional.
‘Not much room.’
“How does that benefit the public?” questioned Susan Lerner, executive director of Common Cause/New York.
Anyone undergoing chemo or radiotherapy for cancer should not be considered unfit for work, according to the government. (Unless they have less than 6 months to live, great ole softies that they are)
We’re talking Lord of the Flies here.
But most of us Americans are just not up to the task. Workers just will not do what many of our grandparents did back in the day to get all that food out of the fields, into the supply chain, and into the pantries and bellies of consumers.
Much better. My intention was to artfully slice the chicken breast and place those slices in some fancy pattern in the sauce and photograph the whole thing in the light box. It was 9:10 PM, husband was home, I was tired from a gym workout. I threw the chicken breast on the plate and photographed it on top of the stove using the overhead light. Look, we all know TERP is not exactly a shining example of food photography. Deal with it!
The rapid increase in ship size engendered by the adoption of iron coincided with an expansion of the Rotherhithe docks, thus preventing the shipyards from expanding inland. By the 1860s, Rotherhithe shipyards were no longer able to compete at the quality end of the market for larger ships, and local costs were so high in comparison to Scotland, the Mersey or Tyne, that the building of small ships was uneconomic.
This whole breakup with Scott has given me confidence I didn’t think I had in me and I was loving life right now. While I was still hurting inside over it, I was clearly moving on. Jake was a rebound, who was turning into something more. My schedule at work was finally awesome that I could do the Zumba teaching after it and I was making new friends in the process.
04. Outta My Skull
with a soy yogurt, a side of
Whether we like it or not, it’s a given. And a lot of times we forget that they are powerful than us. We always forget that. To think that such beings could tinker with people’s minds is crazy and scary at the same time.
Lemmon plays a long-absent father who pays a surprise visit to his estranged son and embarks on a funny, touching and wholly inappropriate confessional in a hospital cafeteria. Lemmon makes each syllable of his dialogue resonate to the point that the consonant B rings out of the word robe to hilarious effect.
black sneakers.
Things have been crazy, busy lately and they are showing so signs of slacking up. So I'm just going to hit the highlights of what life is doing right now.
Chic Sale was perhaps pre-eminent in that line (he actually used the expression “landsakes” in conversation), but he was also important for another reason. He has been called “the greatest character comedian in vaudeville”. He was a sort of one man Winesburg, Ohio, essentially playing enough characters in his act to represent the key citizens of a small town. One thinks of him as a sort of Jonathan Winters of the vaudeville era.
My two favourites are PUSHING UP THE SKY by Joseph Bruchac, a Native American author and storyteller, and FLY HIGH: THE STORY OF BESSIE COLEMAN, by Louise Borden and Mary Kay Kroeger. PUSHING UP THE SKY is a collection of plays based upon traditional tales from seven tribes, including the Abenaki, Ojibway, Cherokee, Cheyenne, Snohomish, Tlingit and Zuni. It was a delightful challenge to research the lands, customs and histories of all the tribes, and I enjoyed making the illustrations. I think they are some of my best work. FLY HIGH is the true story of Bessie Coleman, the first African-American to earn a pilot’s license. Again, I did a lot of research so that my illustrations were as accurate as possible.
The action that leads to the best consequences is accepted.
Among the institutions that do provide training in integrative medicine, that education takes many forms. Some medical schools offer month-long immersive electives, others simply offer several-hour-long lectures introducing medical students to areas they may not have considered before.
"Drag me clear." Rissad spoke through clenched teeth. Glancing down, Rel realised he'd left the Gatemaker lying where the door would soon start pushing him along by his broken leg. The mere thought turned Rel's empty stomach. Given how long it had taken them to get Rissad upright the first time, there was little chance of getting him on his feet now. But there was no way of dragging him short of holding his good arm and pulling.
Often. Not...always.
This Sunday, I’ll be teaching about the church in Smyrna, in Revelation 2. It’s week 3 of the churches, and we have 4 more weeks to go.
Calls were previously made to incorporate the USPTO (the last serious attempt was in 1997) , but it never panned out, mostly dues to resistance from independent inventors and federal employee unions (POPA). I doubt it will go anywhere this time either, but I still think it's a good idea.
Toss all ingredients together, pour apple juice in and mix. Let sit refrigerated for 1 hour.
Le Vernis Nail Colour in May (available January 2012)
Blue Origin wants to fly under the radar all the way into space.
I dunno if finally obtaining these books has brought some sort of "closure" to my life, but while I was reading 'em the notion as to how I would have felt as a kid while osmosing these did cross my mind (since a pre-double digit mind sure knows how to digest such things as classic comic strips a whole lot more'n an over-the-hill brain headin' for a future of Alzheimer's!). But whatever, these comics at least give me an inkling of what BLONDIE was like then and how it developed into the family sitcomic it had been at least since the children ("Baby Dumpling", eventually to be Alexander and his just-post adolescent sis with the big guffs Cookie) finally stopped growing. And it was a fun enough venture, with the first volume encapsulating the entire courtshop and marriage into about twelve panels and the rest concentrating on the early domesticated days when the strip was just getting its bearings switching into the mode in which it's been known for a good three-fourths of a century.
Several minutes passed, and she started to wonder if she’d ever get out of here. Movement outside the tent drew her gaze. A soldier entered, removing his cap.
As you can see, I scored BIG. It was a good day for me at the post office, my foodie pen pal and my BirchBox! WOO HOO, I could barely wait to get home!
In addition, the House Rules Committee dismissed a list of changes to the legislation suggested by the Center for Democracy and Technology (CDT). The amendments would have potentially limited private companies from sharing cyberthreat data with US government bodies.
She doesn’t have to write another mistress’s manifesto; Kalypso, one of the betrayed goddesses from Homer’s Odyssey, has that one covered. She was never overtly cruel without justification; that’s the job of a sadomasochistic Wicked Witch of fairy tale infamy. She doesn’t have a penchant for picking the wrong guy over her soul mate; Catherine does.
A celebration of a journey that began with a dream, My Life is a harmonious translation of the musical notes in Mary’s life into fragrance notes—a scent as strong, passionate and confident as Mary’s lyrics. “In everything I do, I strive to be the best I can be and create something meaningful that connects me to my fans,” reveals Mary J. Blige. “It is such an honor to be recognized for this movement called My Life. It is more than a scent – it is a journey, a celebration … it is my life.”
Quite charming. Nice mix of Old (jackie gleason has a Boulevard) and New (hip clubs). The ancient beachfront Hotels still have their Art-Decoish Facades with the Original Signage intact although all or most are Chain Hotels now. I.E. "The Eden Roc Hilton" The Fountainebleu Marriot".
"... it never occurred to her that she was looking for a tether. she thought she was the one that sped things along, the one that sent things on their way, but there she was for the first time delivered."
Under the War Powers Act of 1973, the President has 60 days from the beginning of any conflict to obtain official Congressional authorization for the use of military force. Obama, in a move which ruffled the feathers of many of the members of his own party, simply refused to comply. His administration stated flatly that the rules don’t apply to Libya:
To those of you mothers in countries where today is Mother's Day (not in Israel), I wish you all the blessings of this Sunday.
Sita, ask him if 6:30 is a better time and see what he say.
not knowing that I would find out in the morning
What should be withdrawn are these measures which will attack mostly women, lone parents, who form one of the most vulnerable and impoverished sectors in our society as the Minister acknowledges. Given that there are no complementary supports in terms of child care or education to compensate for the loss of these payments, how can the Minister paint removing these supports as anything other than a nasty attack?
1x Kiko Nail Polish in 349
Remember to drop me an email at christysbookblog@gmail.com to enter to win one of two copies of A Mending at the Edge by Jane Kirkpatrick before midnight on Thursday. I'll announce the winner here on Friday.
On what 'success' means:
Freddy vs. Jason, Bride Of Chucky, End Of Days, Zoolander, Universal Soldier: The Return, Little Nicky, Scream 3, Dracula 2000, Blade II, Return Of The Living Dead 5: Rave To The Grave, NASCAR Thunder 2004
This morning I was contacted by an old friend from "secondary school" (this is the school I went to until I graduated after 10th grade in Germany). She is planning a class reunion with the 30 "kids" from our class (in Germany, rather than seeing different kids during every period, you are always together with the same 30). Of course this reunion is taking place in Germany, so I cannot go.
It’s always been known- silver is the best all-around germ fighter but it was mostly removed from America’s official Pharmacy back in 1975 when Dr. Bob Beck introduced his original 3-battery electro-colloidal silver generator.
It's been a helluva year and not a great one for me but I think things will turn around here soon. I'm trying to be positive.
If you have not entered our birthday blog hop yet, what is stopping you?
Now flowing with brilliant uncertainty
Durability: 95/100
My third complaint was that the background information was vital to the movie. In the books, I felt I had enough information to make the jump from our current world to a world where the land mass is smaller and food is scarce, and there is a powerful crushing central government that harvests the remaining resources through slave tactics to prop up their good life. As I watched the movie, I kept wanting to know more about each of the districts that the tributes represented and how they reached this point in time. I understand that the video they showed in the reaping was suppose to provide that information, but I wanted to see it from the prospective of one of the young characters — Katniss, Peeta, Gale. Of course, in the book, there was narration that painted those pictures for me, but when I left the movie theater, I told K, “If you had not read the books, you completely wouldn’t understand the meaning of some of the other parts.”
That it all comes down to one thing....
To make push-ups harder, the exerciser should move from his knees to his toes. Repeat 3 sets of 15 reps of this exercise. The head should be kept in a neutral position without tucking or extending the chin.
This is an absolute deadline that compels all Asean airlines to beef up their competitiveness where the name of the game is “survival of the fittest.”
This is an update to announce the Fall homebrewing classes I conduct in Santa Cruz, California. The Fall extension brochure has not been mailed out yet but the Cabrillo website is up and taking registrations.
Dogfish Head Pangea
Micheletto fetches Cesare and tells him quite a tale that casts della Rovere as the girl’s lover and murderer. Della Rovere’s fled now, which just makes him look really guilty. Cesare recommends discretion in this matter, since the church can’t afford another scandal. He wonders aloud who one can trust in this crazy world. Micheletto says he believes trust needs to be earned. Cesare says meaningfully that it has been. Looks like Micheletto’s got himself a new master after all.
The French bourgeoisie sought to smash the petit-bourgeoisie, and its representatives. It needed to force it out, and provoked it by the bombardment of Rome by French troops. That act contravened Article 5 of the Constitution. Given the Tories War against Libya, their forcing through of the rise in Tuition Fees, Cameron's campaign against AV, and his walk-out from the EU talks, the reckless pursuit of the Health Service reforms, which even Tory Ministers we learn oppose, and consider to possibly have a similar consequence as the Poll Tax had for Thatcher, the question arises of whether he too has learned this lesson from history. The history of all these alliances is that when the stronger partner feels sufficient ground beneath their feet, they create the conditions by which their ally is left with no choice but to jump. But, the other lesson from the coup of Louis Bonaparte is that, Cameron may find that having freed himself of forces to his Left, he is isolated himself with no one to defend him from forces to his Right! The more he relies on Right-Wing populism, which appeals to all of those reactionary prejudices which drive the small business class, reactionary sections of the middle class, and backward sections of workers, the more he is tied to the representatives, in his own Party, of the worst of these elements, the more he is tied to the loony neo-fascist, anti-semitic elements in Europe, the more he strengthens those elements, and weakens his own position.
It must be middle age!
The US researchers from Northwestern University say bilingualism is a form of brain training – a mental “work out” that fine-tunes the mind.
The house was totally gutted and remodeled by the Brinsons. The kitchen became the dining room, the dining room became the kitchen so that it would lead directly to the flowerless green garden. In the bathroom above, Jill wanted her tub to look like a trough with the faucet coming directly from the wall. I love how the backsplash is made of wood, yet shaped like a marble slab.
WIE: So you feel there’s a kind of purposiveness to the way the universe is evolving; that, in a sense, it reaches its fruition in us, in human beings?
MIR: Mail-in-Rebate. May be found online, in a newspaper insert, on a tear pad, or attached directly to a product. Requires you to submit rebate form, receipt, and UPC/bar code from product. Amount specified will be mailed to you, usually in the form of a check that you can cash or deposit like any other.
3G HSDPA
(4) What's next for you?
This is curious, not only because tea is one of the main stays of civilization in this country, as well as in Eire, Australia and New Zealand, but because the best manner of making it is the subject of violent disputes.
As far as I am aware, and accordingly my working assumption, is that there were no Blacks (Xhosa's, Zulu's et al) in the Cape when the Dutch (whites) arrived in the Cape. The first blacks, the whites came across, in their treck East were the blacks in the Eastern Cape, beyond the Fish River.
It's all starting to lose its way a bit. They're just stood there going, "Doodle doodle do," which is rarely a good sign in a song.
A blend of the two broadcasts for an interruption-free show. Great performance, definitely worth more than a Euro.
I grabbed a scrap paper with call numbers scribbled on it and lost myself in a row of books. Sarabeth, stop it this instant, I thought as I paced up and down. You're here to study, not to meet boys. So what if he's the best-looking guy you've ever laid eyes on and he's smart and has arms you want to snuggle in and hair you want to touch? Study, study, study! By now, he thinks you're crazy, anyway! Now get back out there and do your work! Satisfied I'd berated myself enough, I started for the beginning of the row to return to my table when HE rounded the corner and headed toward me.
Also, it occurred to me that the last few days while I’ve been talking about the guild I’m forming on Earth Online, I forgot to mention the name I’m giving it. In a way, in fact, we’ve got Manageurdeath to thank for this – since he was all “Oh yeah, sure you’re Garrosh, oh yeah, right, uh huh, you’re the Warchief,” guess what we’re calling this guild?
"Gambrinus statue" - I think this pleases my secret sense of absurdity. With an ecclectic blog like mine, you can hit a Dress Diaries while searching for a highly hypothetical god of beer (or mythical king). Especially funny with a person who much prefers her Riesling over her Gambrinus. (I actually don't recall ever having that. And the first beer I ever tasted was actually a Švyturys. Take that, stereotypers.)
For more information on Hot Silk (published by Kensington Aphrodisia) and my other books, please check out my Web site at www.SharonPage.com.
On Wednesday, the company announced to Bursa Malaysia that it has suspended Tan, executive director Ching Siew Cheong and general manager for accounts and finance Lai Poh Mei on full pay and benefits with effect from Feb 24, 2012, to facilitate the conduct of an internal inquiry into allegations of, among others, irregularities in the company’s accounts.
i think my best interview was when the interviewer looked up everything i had listed on my resume (blog, online store etc.). they knew exactly where i was coming from. it made me feel appreciated and i could talk more fluently about my strengths/weaknesses. the worst question i've been asked was "what is the worst thing that has happened in your life and what did you do about it." this was for a financial position (which i thankfully did not get) and i had no idea how to relate my worst life experience to financial sales. to make matters worse, i have been blessed in my life time and haven't had anything too terrible happen so i had no clue what to say.
Here’s another preview of my top 25 countdown of the best songs of 06-09:
Thanks Bong for sharing your time with us - and your effort of taking us around. Especially thanks to the kids for having patience and being brave.
The other danger came from a whole different side.
2 designating
“A force at rest is at rest because it is balanced by some other force or by its own reaction,” Roebling had once written.
Iván Meade – How do you feel that your previous career in law has affected your career in interior design?
Don’t have to try hard
Will come someday
Because, while I am a reasonably good writer, I am not verbally facile. I don't do well in arguments or disagreements or in even spirited exchanges. I tend to get muddled or emotional, lost my point, and/or end up--gasp!--sounding defensive.
5. It is time for Julius Malema to admit that South Africans have lost more lives in the first four years of ANC rule than during the entire four decades of Nationalist rule. This statistic should be staggering by now, almost 18 years later.
20. --encore break--
In a jam packed show we chat about Paul Weller's new barnet, an ex-Ant pops in to give us the lowdown on Live Aid and the Ant tune played in the show, celebs in mundane places, more conjoined bands, winter ice creams, plus some of the most unfortunate names in the country.
"THAT BABY IS NOT A TOY! CLOSE YOUR MOUTH, GROW UP, AND TAKE CARE OF YOU KID!"
Thanks be to God for places where women are not denied, are welcomed into the sanctuary and ordained.
Carly put on her high heels and corset
The copper who came out to us was really good. He explained that he’d first have to search the house and garden shed to make sure there was no foul play involved (you just never know what people might do so I understood that) which he did very quickly so as not to waste time, then put out a description of Paul and Poppy before arranging for a search of the park. It took a while before somebody from the council arrived to open the park, but once it was opened Richard went with the policeman in the car, calling for Paul over the loudspeaker while the big beam lights on top of the car were being used to light up all the dark corners and shrubby areas. They figured Paul would be less scared by a familiar voice than if a policeman called for him. Another policeman had a search dog with him, and the police airplane was ordered up to search the area from above. (Cheshire has a helicopter now, but at the time we only had a light aircraft).
It offers simple, short, day by day suggestions to slow and quiet your mind chatter through attainable steps.
And here, I find myself again, because I have the right PEOPLE in my life and had the right CONVERSATIONS, at the right TIME. Everything is falling into place on this road and taking me to exactly where I need to be.
2. Gives great advice
These are the people in your business network. Some people are colleagues and may never be more than that. That is ok. Your primary reason for going to work or doing business with someone is not friendship. I knew of someone once, who happened to tell a work colleague about some of her struggles. Her colleague gave her some advice, and based off of this, she started to make herself a nuisance by calling the lady who gave her the advice. She would call her at odd times, expecting her to drop whatever she was doing and come to see her, talk to her, encourage her and give her moral support. She would get really upset when her requests were turned down by her colleague. This is where people get into trouble, executing too much out of a relationship that was never defined to be a friendship. Some people tell their colleagues intimate details of their lives just because they happen to be in the same vicinity. This opens people up to becoming water-cooler gossip! The fact that your colleagues are cordial does not make them your friends. That is not to say that they cannot be, but you need to be careful about putting your colleagues or business partners on a pedestal that they neither want or need to be on.
If you peruse the Vosshall Lab site you'll get a taste of research culture which includes a Flickr photostream for the Vosshall Lab. Pictures from a recent barbeque show that scientists can do a lot more than light up Bunsen burners.
Our next match is Sheamus and Zack Ryder facing Darren Young and Titus O’ Neil.
Printed Porn materials are .........not so fun anymore.
The expenditure cuts made then deepened the recession in the short term but quickly got the country back onto a growth path.
15 minutes?!?
Well, we’ve got repeat offenders this Thursday at the Rhumba Line, so let’s welcome back that notorious nabob of the saxophone: Mr. Marque Earley. He’s been busy scrounging $50 gigs everywhere, so I’m more than happy to help him out. This cat is so fear-inspiring that everybody but me is afraid of him and his metamucilical stylings. So, I’m bringing in the heavy guns in the form of Mr. Pall Foss, old college chum and recipient of the Bob Mobilio Award for excellence in the field of musical theory. He’s driving down from Bangor, Maine. I hope he can find the place. If he mows down a deer on the way down, we won’t go hungry. We’re gonna play the new stuff. Paul’s a quick-draw pianist and polka wizard, known far and wide for his ability to laugh at anything, anywhere, anytime. You need this.
But, I've also begun to learn the basics of cooking and baking, which have produced delicious results. So now my tears come after I eat the food. Definitely worth it if you ask me. Especially to my husband, who now feels he should be my eternal slave to show his gratitude for so many amazing meals.
Hey there everyone!
Executions in Texas, the nation’s most active death penalty state, and other states with capital punishment are on hold pending the outcome of a U.S. Supreme Court review of lethal injection procedures. Arguments in that case, initiated by two death row inmates in Kentucky, are set for early next year and a decision is expected before summer.
The suntans have now been put on hold as Camp Bastion has been covered in what started as a sand storm and has now turned into its own version of the UK’s weather. Temperatures have dropped, the sun has disappeared and the rain is now firmly turning dust to sticky mud that likes to cling to everything and I mean everything.
Characters are often stereotypes and act in a very formulaic ways. They do what you would expect and never go beyond the bounds of their predetermined roles. You won’t find Beetee (the “nerdy” scientist character) engaging in anything beyond fixing machines and developing new technology. Why you ask? Because he is the “smart” guy so that is what he is supposed to do. Villains such as Cato from book one and Brutus from book two have no backstory and just act violent and evil with no reasoning other than as villains they are supposed to. Even a character like Rue who was mentioned in all three books, was weakly developed to the point that when she perished I felt little emotion because I didn’t really know who the character was. That being the case, anytime she was mentioned in the latter books I just thought “now that this character is gone I am supposed to feel sad every time she is mentioned.” Sorry Ms. Collins it doesn’t work that way. If you want me invested in these characters than invest in them yourself.
Were we all self-righteous Pharisees? Did we have to wait until champagne rock & roll dance parties were the norm before we discovered genuine Christianity? Has Mark Driscoll and his crowd finally found true Christian grace and holiness in these apostate end times after all of the centuries of alleged Phariseeism and supposed joyless legalism?
Lanegan’s latest opus, as expected, was the backbone of the 75-minute set, with older material coming mainly from previous album "Bubblegum" and its accompanying EP "Here Comes That Weird Chill". "Hit the City" and the explosive "Methamphetamine Blues", the encore’s only song, were the tracks that stood out from this period, while "Gray Goes Black", "Quiver Syndrome", "Riot in My House", "Ode to Sad Disco" and "Tiny Grain of Truth" were among the most enjoyable moments from the new record. "Harborview Hospital", unfortunately, went missing in action (it was penciled in for the encore along with old favorite "Pendolum", but both never came to be).
Flooring: Advantage Flooring; 3330 Arden Rd, Hayward, CA 94545, 510- 856-0505
I’ve been very critical of this show for the last couple of years as it has not lived up to my expectations – it’s just not as good as it was in the first few seasons. That being said, I was mightily impressed by the way some very sensitive subject matter was handled in this episode.
There was a post by a blogger called Wugan that talked about applying Restricted Free Agency to raids. Basically, WoW players would be ‘contracted’ into a raid team and could not join another team for a set time period unless their Raid Leader chose to let them leave. Wugan accepts this would not force people to actually raid, or stop them changing to alts, but feels this would reduce the incidence of people leaving a guild for greener pastures. It wouldn’t. I don’t believe for one second this would make the life of Raid Leaders easier. Think about why people leave a raiding team and how Restricted Free Agency would affect them:
Everything that you do individually is done on behalf on the entirety of Humanity and we are awed by your great determination to surpass all former expectations of what can be accomplished.
Pour the syrup over the egg whites and continue whisking until cold.
$15,500: Annual Cost Per Household From Federal Regulations. (Small Business Administration, September 2010)
Our tour continued into the City...a few pictures of the many high rise buildings in Hong Kong
If any of them—if any of you—ever start to doubt, to lose sight of the big picture in the everyday minutia of the struggle, just remember what that angel of a nurse said: You’re doing better than you think.
With only two
For some reason, that photo cracks me up! It’s not that I think he looks funny or anything. He’s got a great back and his shoulders are epic. I dunno what it is, there’s just something about it that makes me smile every time I look at it.
Boggess took a breath test and blew an estimated blood alcohol level of .157 and a .151, nearly twice he state's legal limit for driving.
Line a 9x13 pan in foil. Drizzle a 1/2 cup of salsa on the bottom. Place chicken breasts in it. Pour remaining salsa over chicken. Place pan in over for 35-35 minutes.
Mostly this novel made me embarrassed of my ignorance of global affairs. That something so horrible could happen to so many hundreds of thousands of individuals—with such limited global outcry—is frightening to me. I bear responsibility for this, and so does society as a whole. We can say the world is flat all we want, but the truth is we end up outraged by the latest stupid political offense or celebrity arrest and not by the tragedies that happen a world away. In a strange parallel for this reader,the Kony video appeared while I read this book. Like “Running the Rift,” the Kony video educated a broader audience about something important.
Blood Simple
Martin cazier family I don't know what award we get that is a hard one
In between winter and spring
To say she was excited when she opened her camera on Christmas morning is an understatement. Not only did she get a camera, but it was also purple, which is her favorite color.
GLENN CLOSE/JOHN MALKOVICH (Dangerous Liaisons)
I had a lot of trouble coming up with a topic for today's Five. And so, I decided that, if mish-mash was how my brain was working, then we'd turn that mish-mash into something constructive. And so, I present to you my favorites among the creative arts.
What other stuff have I not done in a while? I’ve not done baking (as in the food thing) for a while. That’s when you make biscuits or cakes or other delicious delicacies, and it’s really fun. I used to cook things with my mother frequently as a child, but for the past few years we’ve not really done much, other than the odd few things. That’s a shame, really. I’ve also not attempted to speak French (other than jokingly with my friends who do French A level) in a few years, mostly because I dropped it in favour of German because I’m actually good at that. That’s also a shame, because I used to like listening to a few French bands, and now I don’t understand the lyrics other than for vaguely remembering a few phrases.
I was 15 when my aunt gave me the book. It was a bad day, I had had an accident and my left arm and leg was bandaged, though nothing serious. But I was naturally feeling quite low. It was on such a day that I received ‘ The Alchemist ‘. In the first page my aunt had scribbled ‘may you touch all of your dreams’. I started reading; and read the book whole night. It was unlike anything I had ever read before. Paulo Coelho got another fan that night.
*Clem’s Cream Ale:
On the second day the students learnt the numbers, how to say where you live and some simple weather. They then wrote and performed weather forecasts for a particular Spanish-speaking country in front of the green screen, so they could have a picture of the country in the background. They edited these in Windows Movie Maker (once the backgrounds had been added in Adobe Premiere) and posted them onto their Glogs together with information they had found out about their country.
“So, that’s our general philosophy,” he adds.
The Jerome women spent about three years at the court of Napoleon III before fleeing to England with the onset of the Franco-Prussian War in 1870. There, they settled into the rhythms of Queen Victoria’s London. Jennie was a great beauty, spoke several languages, was accomplished at the piano, and, like her father, was passionate about horses.
China has successfully launched a pair of navigation satellites. The launch took place on Sunday Morning from Xichang Satellite Launch Center and marks the first time the Long March 3B launch vehicle has been used for this kind of mission.
Find a quiet place to think ahead, to the next day, into the weeks ahead of you and of the months full of possibility…. then write down:
The traditional point of view in my denomination and many others has been that (a) God loves every human being unconditionally, (b) God sees heterosexual marriage as the only appropriate place for sexual activity, (c) God loves heterosexuals, lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transexuals equally, and (d) it is in no way a sin to be homosexual in orientation. In view of (a) to (d), therefore, ministers were traditionally expected to be either in a heterosexual marriage or else celibate.
Bailee and Katie finished 3rd in their division.
We've been blessed with so much these days that many folks think they're owed something. The right to a college education, the right to a house, the right to a car, the right to healthcare... Like our forefathers, I believe that we are endowed by our Creator with certain unalienable Rights and that doesn't include a free house and free healthcare, but the freedom and liberty to exercise those unalienable rights without infringement. An example in our case is using a gun for self-defense in case someone wants to infringe upon our right to life.
Paul tells us in II Cor. 3:18 that we are transformed into His image by beholding and reflecting the glory of the Lord as in a mirror. We do this together with one unveiled face! Notice how this verse begins. “But we all with unveiled face.” It begins plural (we all) but ends singular (face). We all behold Him with one face. When we look into the faces of our brothers and sisters and see the one face of Jesus Christ, then we are transformed into His corporate image.
I then measured 1x4's for the bottom and cut those with the jigsaw and nailed them into place. I actually had to run to Home Depot because I didn't have long enough scraps of 1x4's left over from my previous projects. Just an FYI, there's a 'scrap' bucket at Home Depot of wood that they sell for super cheap. I got a 4 ft board for 50 cents!
My guide, Pak Oon (Mr. Oon) was very comprehensive. From the moment we left the ticket office, he was telling me all sorts of related stuff (including lots of dirty jokes, ew). We walked across the park and to the temple. Pak Oon told me about the scenes carved into the temple walls at each level as well as how the temple was restored. I took some photos of the fascinating art including Buddha sculptures, stupas and stories on the walls.
glass shelves for niche
The project is expected to create 450 construction jobs and 506 long-term jobs.
West End Girls
Heres the deal. The pastor in Charlottesville did not go out of his way to go and witness to people. He simply opened his eyes to those that were all around him in McDonalds. God can still add to the church daily if we would allow God to open our eyes to the people in need that are all around us everyday. I believe with all my heart that at some point Peter and John, in their lifetime, walked right past the lame beggar at the gate called beautiful, and pay no attention to him. The scripture says that he had been there for over 40 years, it is so easy to lose sight of those who are around us everyday. People become a part of the scenery, apart of our daily backdrop of our routine and mundane lives. Until, they are filled with the Spirit, and their eyes are opened, their attention and perception has been expanded beyond the realm of self and they see the lame man and stop what they are doing and have a conversation with him that leads to his healing and complete recovery.
It was a common saying in the Old Testament when one took an oath of honesty: “The Lord do so to me and more also.” Or if one were not a believer such as was the case with the wicked queen, Jezebel, when she spoke of her hatred of Elijah. She said, “The gods do to me and more also.” Well, it was not the gods who killed her but the Almighty God Who arranged her death. The word “witness” or the word “martyr” denotes one who can and does stand by that which he has seen, heard or knows. The apostles had seen the Lord in His resurrected state. They heard Him. They knew Who He was and what He expected of them. The twelve were to witness of His resurrection and this they continually did. So as Peter reached the end of his sermon in Acts 2, he triumphantly reported,
This week, we are focusing on the earliest modes of transportation - namely walking. Today, we had a walking suitcase relay. The entire school is split into "families" for the month. Each "family" competed, then the two winners challenged the teachers. The kids had to carry one suitcase, but the teachers were weighted down with three.
At the police station, Helen sobs and undresses while a stern female cop collects her clothes for evidence. After that, Helen asks to speak with Detective Valento, the cop who helped her earlier when the gang members beat her. He reads her the Miranda rights, then describes to her, in detail, what they think she did: Anne Marie came home from work, found the dog beheaded, and the baby missing. At that point, Helen came in, armed with the cleaver and covered in blood. They ask her where the baby is, but Helen still insists that she doesn't know anything about the missing tot.
Okay, is it on purpose?
This week's challenge at Digi Doodle Shop is work related. I've chosen to use In the Garden, a perfect image for those difficult man cards... The background is brushed with Distress Inks and main image coloured with Copics. I added some garden twine and some brass brads, keeping my card fairly simple.
Don't be tempted to zoom out when you're in the moment. Because looking at the whole when you are suposed to be writing the parts can put you off your stride. It's daunting to see the whole journey. Zooming out when you should be zooming in results in short cuts, unrealized characterization, loss of tension.
9. The Supreme ordeal or Battle
Clean on the nose with a slight hint of wheat. Smooth as it hits the palate, with tones of liquorice on a short offering.
Implies, not necessarily just very special researching a reliable.
compared to what I do not..
No wait, I've changed my mind.
Basically to get a jihadi of any sort to do a mission you have to: recruit them, train them, familiarize them with their operation, feed them or hand them a stipend, check up on them, and on and on and on.
You fear tyranny, but you are the tyrant,
Nicole is - 23
‘Hi, I’m Tirzah.’
Rendering someone totally and permanently incapacitated is just as bad as taking a life, or so they contend. Killing totally disabled patients does them no harm.
It only took Obama three quarters of the speech to mention America’s troops. And when he did, he used them as a political football to stump for his domestic agenda:
In Winterfell, Bran continues to listen to the problems of the smallfolk, treat Hodor as his own private transport and have dreams about mutant crows, while Osha continues to practice the quaint backwoods art of Wildling coyishness every time she’s asked a question. Rickon makes a brief appearance (where’s that kid been?) only to greatly annoy everyone, both on and off screen, with a series of nut-smashing incidents. Master-at-Arm Ser Rodrik Cassel, who we haven’t seen much this season, bursts in on Bran to warn of some trouble elsewhere in the fiefdom. Though there’s hardly anyone left to guard Winterfell (this is a great time to look up the definition of foreshadowing), he leaves with 200 men to take care of matters.
Coke: Pepsi
For Curriculum, Text Search this post for 'Class Description'
All of me.
4 gradually
But begin.
Says CHLY’s SteinAlive: “This event, with its significance on many fronts, appears to me to be a perfect fit for the value-set of many, if not most CHLY supporters, so I decided on my own that I would attempt to involve the Radio Malaspina Society in some way in an effort to give back to the community in thanks for all the support CHLY has given me over the years.”
I need to thank my family. I love you more than life itself. Thank you for putting up with all of this. This LOST journey helped my personal growth in so many ways and I hope you can see that. Remember when the hurricane hit in 2004 you had me use Jack's count to five method to let the fear go. We literally had just learned it! Who would have known I'd have to utilize it more than a few times. The LOST story has brought me so much joy. In the end the only thing that really matters is that we truly love each other.
The impetus for this recent evil act: Truth has been making inroads. It’s now in hot pursuit of lies.
1. I question everything.
1. I’ve talked with her once, and established her age, and personality
#29 - Mili
The America Invents Act, 16 September 2011
She taught me in bad times,
Strip rosemary leaves from the sprig. You may leave them whole or roughly chop them.
Bright Red Cardinal! (Up----Down)
“I hope not”, Cassie said. “I don’t want to go on dates anyway!”
although it feels like winter as of lately here in NM
And he is talking so much, it amazes me. He tries to repeat so much of what we say and seems to be adding words to his vocabulary at a pretty good pace. He definitely says "ball" and I think he has been trying to say Lola, which is a hard one to say. He signs "all done" and tries to say it but isn't quite there. He even tries to sing and you'll hear a little tune come out of his mouth that sounds a heck of a lot like the melody to Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
A huge thank you to all the DT members who contributed to the release and made it so inspirational!! Many of them did a lot of extra work and it is highly appreciated. :)
A girl, played by Mia, meets this boy…Henry’s character…who likes to attend funerals. She falls for him and he takes her on a journey…they start attending funerals together. The twist…she is dying of cancer. Oh, and there is a dead Japanese pilot that looks out for Henry’s character. I thought it was kind of a twist on ‘Harold And Maude’.
As we shared, I realized the way she embeds technology bests many educators who are viewed as exemplars. But she does not blog about her exemplary practices.
Have a look see at the new items... So yummy looking.
Vandalized: Workers clean windows of a Bank of America branch in Washington. Activists were also accused of vandalism in San Francisco after they held a march on Monday night ahead of the day of action
7. Need to shut off soon
These children of Chinamaringa, Wafanenombo and Chidziva lived together near the Chishawasha hill near where the Chishawasha Mission is today. The eldest were respectively Madzivanyika, Charumbira and Chingoma, who were the leaders of war. When Chidziva died Nzvere was given the chieftainship of Chinamora and the cattle, sheep, goats and women left by Chidziva. He left all these to sons of his older brothers and took own sons and built his home at Dombodzvuku, near where Mabvuku is today, and he divided all the cattle, sheep, goats and women among his own sons, Guwa, Mashonganyika and Gutu.
Now, this card isn't terrible by any stretch. The borders are even. I love the stripes...but when I look at it today, I'm thoroughly unimpressed with myself. The overall feel of the card isn't as sophisticated as I'd like and it's not really my style. And if I'm gonna get nitpicky...I really don't like how I stamped the sentiment on the middle stripe. Generally speaking, this card is not one of my faves.
In any event they decided that there was nothing left to do but to leave the cave. Lanna, who looked at the solid cave wall where the door had slid closed, now had some regrets. But her fear of the dark opening overrode her impulse to go and try to find her friends down that dark unfathomable hole. It was, she thought, and probably quite rightly, far too dangerous a mission for this group of inexperienced adventurers. Especially without Ben there to help. Her first impulse gave way to her second. Go get Ben from the mine, and then return to rescue her friends. Surely Ben would agree, and know what to do.
Brights or Darks?
After literally years of trying, I have found it!
Risk something. Get uncomfortable. Jump in the lake! I dare ya! NO, I double dog dare ya! SPLASH...brrrrr...WOOHOOOO!
The Budos Band – III
Last week in the Guardian Geoff Dyer questioned the whole concept of the 'literary establishment'. He makes some good points, but, in view of MsLexia's recent experiment to find undiscovered talent and the shocking results (which I wrote about here), as I read Dyer's piece a thought was lurking in my mind which is best expressed by a response from Paul Bilic in this week's Review Letters, who says:
Kelly: 3.8
I’ve long admired Apple products, too. By my count there are six Macbooks, two iPads, and three iPhones—not to mention a few iPods—in my family’s possession. If you judge only by the product outcomes or by Apple’s market value, Jobs seems the best decision-maker in the history of consumer products.
A crackdown over the past couple of years has forced private companies to yank dozens of similar signs, especially along the LIE and BQE.
For the first time in hardcover, here is #1 New York Times bestselling author Karen Marie Moning’s novella Into the Dreaming, a tale of Highland fantasy, star-crossed lovers, and the timeless manipulation of the ancient, immortal Unseelie king. This is Moning at her romantic, funniest finest.
Here are the lovely treasures I have found over the last couple of weeks. Sorry I have been MIA, but life always tend to get in the way of fun sometimes. But without further ado here are the lovely treasures.
Who: the Fam
Here are 5 stocks that passed this screen this week:
Well yes, they did, eventually, but the town
Penn National gaming has adopted a new hiring policy for all new applicants at its Toledo and Columbus locations:
Yes! You will, indeed!
Martin Lancelot: electric guitar & flute
Rainbow Trout ESB
Skadi and Njord returned to Storm Home and for a while they were happy, they found that they loved each other completely and delighted in being together. But slowly, Njord became restless, he missed the salt of the sea, the movement of the waves and the bustling shipyard. Skadi noticed this and not bearing for him to be miserable asked Njord what was wrong, he replied ‘I hate the mountains, we have not been here long but it is dark and I am so cold. I cannot bear the howling of the wolves, they sound so ugly to me compared with the song of the swans and all I see is grey and white.’
Several of my friends thought for sure I would give up. But it just seemed to me that making beer was not rocket science, that others were successful and that there was no reason why I could not be successful as well. So I kept at it, correcting one problem at a time.
Premature product breakers in Taiwan on Tuesday night discovered something that many American collectors will find out for themselves firsthand today: 2011 Limited Baseball includes unannounced bonus content sure to receive a standing ovation from the passionate prospecting community.
Hey, Daddy, I want an Oompa Loompa. I want you to get me an Oompa Loompa right away!
I just think this would be one of the most beautiful ways of "discretely" telling the story of your wedding without it languishing in an album. I say discretely because it feels to me that you wouldn't necessarily know it was someone's wedding at glance (oh and in the picture above it's not!). It's not boom pow here we are in our wedding finery this is the only picture we want you to see. It slightly more intriguing than that. Although I sort of get that it does seem a little "look at me, look at me" but I guess one could always change the photographs as life moves on to perhaps, "once a year on our wedding anniversary if we lived for another 120 years" or something a little more frequent.
I am feeling good, so I make it a little longer. No rush, right? I called Dan when I was on my way back and he told me he was going to try to get out of work early. I get home, and everything is normal…lights are out, Cooper greets me at the door…I am petting him and putting all my work stuff and gym bag down, and I look up and Dan walks around the corner, all dressed up, shaved, and with a new haircut. I am smelly, sweaty, and still in my running clothes. Typical.
From police reports, it’s clear that he shot Christine first from the side door of his house and then as he walked over to view her body that was face down in the grass, he lifted his gun and shot her in the back. I imagine just before he pulled the trigger, he thought the words he told the police later, “It had to be done”. My mother was on the kitchen phone with the emergency operator reporting that Brooks had threatened their lives when Christine was first shot. She immediately dropped the telephone, ran outside and stood in front of Brooks, weaponless. I imagine she asked him why he did it, and in answer, he shot her just below the heart. Brooks’ determined discriminatory attitude has troubled me ever since. How did he become so certain about his decision to murder my mother and Christine? After the deaths, I watched in astonishment as the actual motivation for the crime was determined to be a property dispute instead of a hate crime. Newspapers reported exaggerated stories casting my mother and Christine in a harsh light, which apparently had nothing to do with their sexual preference.
Sorry for the delay in writing. I’m sure you know how summer gets with vacations and the such. While I know I would love to write all of the time, time is not on my side. I volunteer many hours to groups that want more and more of my time. I love it, but yet, want to get out from under much of it. Time is just not on my side.
I’d rather fight than switch
a cute Quick page
This is general and this is specific. This is for every man and for no man at all. This is the rage of a gender and the plea of a woman. This is the voice of a tear and the echo of a child’s feet. This is from me to you, from us to them. This is for mothers with sons and fathers with daughters. This is for every person who wants to feel beautiful and for every person who took away that chance.
It could’ve been Starbursts, Twizzlers or Sour Patch Kids. But when Trayvon Martin was fatally shot, he happened to be carrying a bag of Skittles, a product of Chicago-based Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company.
I glance over at Joe, and he has his – I told you so and you didn’t listen – face.
In Upstate New York.
Her presentation clearly underlined Abraham Lincoln’s point that “It’s not the years in your life that count but the life in your years”. The spectre of so many of us living longer in ill health and disability is an appalling prospect at every level – individual, societal and economic – and tantamount to a total disaster.
Even earlier than that, and away from London, the seeds of the Global Jihad were being planted in the UK. Take the Islamic Foundation of Leicester, which was set up thirty-seven years ago, in 1974.
ground pepper
Presented by
The blur should be short, somewhere in the 250 to 300 character range. After all it has to fit on the back of the book but it also needs to be a quick “PICK ME” type of a sale. A short quick description will hold the reader’s attention long enough for you to finish. After all you want them to make a decision based on your whole sales pitch, not half of it.
4 .Wild Life
The AIDS epidemic is not alone in having generated a burgeoning visual culture of its own, and opportunities for artists and designers to join a movement of sorts. Posters created around the wars in the former Yugoslavian nation of Bosnia have been collected in the book Evil Doesn’t Live Here, and more recently anti-war protest posters brought together in Peace Signs. Perhaps some of the most famous posters are those produced by the Atelier Populaire during the French political unrest of May 1968.
And while embalming or other funeral home work is a good and steady because as we know people are just dying to get in, it certainly cannot be considered mainstream.
The purpose here is not to malign any religion but to gather facts that can be gleaned from many sources. Because in the west we are most affected by the Abrahamic religions, it is essential we understand that those same religions have kept ancient wisdom from us that calls the veracity of the same religions into question. To fully understand, we have to examine what we know of “history” from a religious perspective. For example, there have been only 3 characters who “ascend to heaven”, according to the Bible – Enoch, Elijah and Christ. Do you not find it odd that, given the fact that these three accomplished what we are each trying to do, there are no writings attributed to them as core texts within the Bible? As a spiritual seeker, I would be be very interested to read their words but that was deemed to prejudice the official doctrine and dogma of the offshoots of Abrahamic beliefs. While Christ was said to defeat death and then ascend, Elijah was claimed to have ascended in a fiery chariot, and Enoch’s “disappearance” is explained simply as “”Enoch lived 365 years, walking in close fellowship with God. Then one day he disappeared, because God took him.” (Genesis 5:23-24, New Living Bible). To understand Enoch’s life and the significance of his disappearance, in particular, other sources must be found to shed light on this enigmatic entity. What unravels, if we probe further, courtesy of texts that are attributed to this very man, is a very different version of the so-called fallen angels and his role within their drama in pre-duluvian times, when they walked among humans as living gods . Incidentally, the original texts that have been altered significantly, often in small ways that have enormous implications, speak of these hybrids as “sons of the gods” plural, not” sons of god” as it has been conveniently and erroneously translated in the Bible.
The antique military uniform is a new addition to the house. And I love how well it pairs with the oil portrait on the table behind my sofa. And of course, stacks of art books, and remembrances are everywhere. In fact, the b/w images of the bartender is a picture that I took myself - at the opening party for the San Francisco Polo store in 1996. Several people have inquired about the tartan clock in the drawing room . . . and it's actually a piece from Ralph Lauren from the early 1990's. The china pattern is called "Clarendon" and it also came in chargers and serving pieces.
Teagan is going to help me find flowers on Sunday morning. Hopefully the two of us can plant them together. Stu said he’d take her out in the afternoon (when I can get the flowers in if she’s not helpful) and get mulch and maybe some bricks to edge the bed with.
nb: Son Of Baldwin makes a pertinent point about the very name "Elastigirl" in the comments below which I ought to have done and didn't. I'm kicking myself about that, but at least he nailed what I should have mentioned. Mea culpa.
Abdul Ghafar said the early part of the programme took place this month through university-level forums held in Kelantan.
I took my standard pizza crust recipe to make this. Once the dough had a few hours rise time, I used a good chunk. Using my hands, I formed out a circle, covering it in extra olive oil. I preheated the grill to a pretty hot temperature, then tossed it on! After about 3 minutes, I very carefully flipped it. Once the crust was flipped, I put on my toppings and cheese, and continued to grill it with the grill cover on, for maybe 5 minutes. The crust turned out FANTASTIC.
‘For that you get the head, the tail, the whole damn thing.’
I've thought about that statement several times over the years. During some signings, I wish I'd taken her name and number and hired her to do mine for me.
You know that time of night when some old jams start to play, you hear some sweet 80's or 90s music blaring through the loud speaker and your feet start to tap to the beat and your arms start to swing around, maybe some rap is about to start and you feel your booty shaking to the ass dropping lyrics. Maybe you hear the Wilson sisters rendition of Hold On For One More Day, and think well they did it in Bridesmaids and I can do the dance. Or you hear NSYNC or Backstreet Boys and you think you know the entire choreographed routine. I am here to tell you that you do nott.
Science technician professionals may be required to work in different weather conditions. Mostly, food technicians perform their work in laboratories. Agricultural technicians and environmental science technology professionals spend most of their time working in remote locations. With the advent of advanced technology, food and science technicians need to be quite well versed with the operation of laboratory equipment. Besides traditional and electronic equipment, the field of food and science technology also involves extensive use of computers for the research and development work.
In today's fast paced society it seems that more and more woman are turning towards quilting and patchwork as their hobby of preference. You have only to visit your local newsagents to realize this current trends The shelves are over flowing with magazines showcasing lovely quilting and patchwork projects to tempt us. So what is it about this hobby that has stood the test of time. Why are we gaining so much pleasure form cutting up bits of fabric and then sewing them back together again?
Food: It’s an important part of our lives and we are both very conscious of what goes in, plus cravings can be rather strong depending on what our bodies need, but we are never slaves to cravings, right?
Not how a warrior lives
The Law of Attraction (LOA) – What is it? How does it work? Does it even work? This topic has been written about through and through so I plan on giving you a “little extra”. It’s all good and well to be told something works and exists, and although you don’t need to know these particulars as far as LOA is concerned it is very interesting to learn about, as for some, having a mechanical knowledge of something helps people make better use of something than they would otherwise make.
It was a great conference. Thanks to all the organizers, speakers and everybody else involved. I’ve made lots of friends and caught up with many of old ones. See you all next year!
So, until next time…THIS IS SPARTA!!!
The goal of the Symposium series is to exchange information and ideas across the full spectrum of scientists working in the biomaterials field, by focusing on research and development topics that represent the current most promising directions for ultimate medical application. Focused topical sessions ensure that attendees from academia, industry, government and the clinical arena each can find value in their participation.
How was YOUR summer?
3 cups whole milk
If we had all given in at our first failure, we wouldn’t be able to walk or talk today.
5- Immortality" (Cover de Pearl Jam) - 5:02
“I guess its flattery when well-intentioned people call me a young Chaney. I don’t mean to minimize his art, he’s a master. But we choose our characters differently. Chaney likes to enact the grotesque. I take my characters from the street, real types everyone recognizes. I’ve been playing these characters on stage for nearly 20 years."
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
Mark 14:38 (NKJV) Watch and pray lest you enter into temptation. The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Glancing out a window, I look out over my favorite city, my home. I'm feeling thankful for life. When the world seems dark and ugly, being here reminds me that the world is still full of beauty and creativity. I'm appreciative of history, of being able to remember other times.
Tools: tasteful trim bigz die, Big Shot, circle punch, dimensionals
Thank you for reading, I’m glad to let you know that our blog has reached more than 20 countries around the world because you my friends have shared this. Therefore I say thank you! Keep clicking on your social media site of preference and drop me a comment! Follow me in Twitter: @mlinares10
Here we go then folks, another poddie to brighten the weekend. Lucky to have anything for you this week as we had a computer crash three quarters of the way through number 20 and could only salvage an hour's worth. The missing 30 minutes will become legend, there's a prize up for grabs for anyone who can name any 1 of the 9 missing songs, leave a comment.
Isis Almeida – Bloomberg, 04/24/2012
He’s a good older brother. Nobody messes with his little brother and sister without hearing from him. He makes good grades without having to work too hard. He’s stubborn and tenacious. He’s also got a caffeine addiction he picked up from his grandma.
When the prospect of a five round Fight Gone Bad was mentioned, she jumped at the chance (literally, onto a 24″ box), so what better way to send her off?
(TL NOTE Abbotts, Wallen, Warren, Church, Sprague are some that were here for this)
(The state law is not a legal shield against federal action.)
The Latino Consent Decree is a legally binding court order that requires the district to provide specific educational services for Hispanic/ Latino students in the district. The Latino Consent Decree program (LCD) in Saint Paul Public Schools is designed for Spanish-speaking students who need additional support; LCD students also learn about Latino culture and history.
Many Danes had to pinch themselves a month ago when their new prime minister, Helle Thorning-Schmidt, who heads a coalition of leftist parties, launched a strategy document called Denmark 2032. This addressed frankly the need for Denmark to define some tough spending priorities. Its underlying presumption was that the universal welfare state with its generous entitlements would not be able to survive in its current form.
*He's really enjoying this warm weather we're having. Since he was born in October, he hasn't really gotten to be outside at all, but we've had some warm weather lately, (80 degrees yesterday) and we're trying to take advantage of it. He had his first trip to the park yesterday while I was off, (a post on that soon) and he really enjoyed being outside. I'm really looking forward to more days like that.
Tom Dyche has endorsed the formation of the current Cammann Road District, which under its current structure unfairly creates revenue from property values in the district. This structure charges many residents who use a small portion of the public road more than some who use nearly the entire road. Some residents of the district have also been excluded from payment to the district because they are located in the city limits or the Coquille Tribal lands, although they have access through the district. Endorsement of these unfair practices and others have resulted in a petition to recall.
But then overreach crept in. We are shown brain scans of repeat felons with pointers to the defective areas of their brains. The same holds for Buddhist monks, only in their case, brain activity is heightened and improved, especially in the prefrontal lobes associated with compassion. By now there is no condition, good or bad, that hasn’t been linked to a brain pattern that either “proves” that there is a link between the brain and a certain behavior or exhibits the “cause” of a certain trait. The whole assumption, shared by 99% of neuroscientists, is that we are our brains.
Maybe I should pull a da Vinci and write backwards. You know, break some tradition for comfort. It's hard, because this is one of the things I'm a little too conformist about.
Although finer design details were at first overshadowed by the mere revelation of an Audi coupe, a closer observation reveals the effort invested thus far, with updates having taken place on virtually all of the chassis’ viewable surface.
Conduit Closing
3 … October 3, 2011. Patrick Chovanec China Economy On The Edge Of A Nervous Breakdown. Investment in real estate (in yuan) rose 33% and new construction (in square meters) climbed 26% in the first eight months of 2011, compared to the same period last year data that China’s National Statistics Bureau touts, by the way, as proof that the Chinese economy is still going strong. All of this continued building was predicated on the assumption that China’s cooling policies could not last. In fact, since developers kept building, there was no negative impact on GDP, and no reason for policymakers to pull back. To the contrary, inflation rose, and the cooling measures targeted at real estate were broadened into a more general credit tightening policy aimed at reining in lending. As developers piled up more and more inventory the primary market inventory in Shanghai, for instance, now starts at an all-time high, 12.5% higher than in December 2008 they had to borrow to stay in business. With credit conditions tightening, they systematically ran through the credit lines available: first the banks, then high-yield bonds in Hong Kong, then the private wealth management vehicles that have been popping up all over China, then the loan sharks. Finally, they ran out of options, and had no choice but to start selling some of their inventory at whatever price they could get.
(She moved in circles, and those circles moved).
The Eric Serra score is atrocious, and apparently the producers knew it, too, because they brought someone else in to re-score the tank-chase scene. The Tina Turner theme song (written by the half of U2 you know) is really pretty good and the opening titles are some of the best in a long time.
Surgeons at Torbay Hospital in Devon pulled the the inch-long bullet out of Mitchell's leg during the procedure.
This picture is kind of fuzzy but I thought it was a cute one of my mom with Ezra. I love it when babies drape their arm over yours like that.
I have to admit… when I saw these on pinterest a couple of weeks ago… I thought they were neat… but a little too involved for me. As a family we don’t celebrate Cinco De Mayo… not being Mexican and all, but these, ultimately, were too cute to resist! I lucked out (I thought) and found a burro cookie cutter at Michaels. Yes… I didn’t check sizes before I left the store… so I ended up with a HUGE cutter. Anyways… I digress.
My daughter also had her last basketball game of the season over the weekend. Unfortunately, her team never really learned how good winning can feel. They had a really rough season (only won one game in overtime). There were several games throughout the course of the season that were close games. They just weren’t able to close any other team out in the final period…but it didn’t matter.
Taking placement students is a low risk method of employment and can be a good way to overcome a headcount limit or recruitment cap. Students are often more qualified and creative than equivalent cost agency employees, and, unlike an agency, the university doesn’t charge any fees for advertising and processing applications. Providing a placement programme can be a low cost method of meeting staffing needs and many students have particular specialisms and may be the ideal candidate to work on specific tasks or assist with new ventures.
The subject of Board Report 11090, entitled “SRA (Secondary Review Area) 103”, is secondary school boundaries within Oakville. Specifically, the report deals with the boundary review process for the new Oakville high school currently under construction at 2820 Westoak Trails Blvd.
Reflux is fairly common in babies, but Aidan had GERD, which is a severe form. When he was around 8 months old, his reflux had seemed to go away. Usually when kids start eating solid foods their reflux will diminish. Cautiously we started weaning him from his meds.
Challenges i will enter
In the fourth private meeting of the Council, held on May 15, same time and same place, the bishops of the United States agreed to ask the Holy See for permission, in all the dioceses of the country, to add the word "Immaculate" in the orations and preface of the divine office and Mass of the Conception of Mary; and also to add in the Litany of the Blessed Virgin the invocation: "Queen, conceived without sin, pray for us."
In this summer, 1952, photo hemp plants growing wild on a lot in downtown Louisville, Ky., are killed with chemical spray. Efforts to restore the crop that decades ago was a major industry in Kentucky appear to be growing despite the defeat of another legalization effort in the state’s 2012 General Assembly. The tall, leafy plant was outlawed because of its similarity to marijuana, but supporters argue it’s nearly impossible to get high by smoking hemp. (AP Photo/Louisville Courier-Journal)
My favourite part was when Philppa flipped out and Angus tried to carry on the show over her rant. He kept running around and speaking all of the lines for her and Wayne as the latter looked on helplessly. Either that or when he was playing chess with himself... imagining that there was another 'him' on the other side of the table. But only because I do that sometimes.
Picture this: Writer, in pyjamas, swathed in blankets, in darkened cave. Note, the blinds are remain drawn and the protesting orchids have had to be moved out. The blankets, I should add, are frequently over the writer’s head. The heater is on full blast. The writer, it appears, has created some sort of bookwomb. No, not bookworm (though there might be some of them lurking between the covers too).
The Constitution was adopted on September 17, 1787, by the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and ratified by conventions in eleven states. It went into effect on March 4, 1789.
Regiane Miranda de Oliveira Nakagawa, Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo. Communication Rhetoric Understood as Metalanguage
The DPRK’s remarkable public health care system – which provides unconditional universal coverage for citizens – continues to perform tremendously well, even in the midst of crippling U.S. sanctions. Just last year in a report to the United Nations on the North Korean health care system, Dr. Margaret Chan, the Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO), called it “something which most other developing countries would envy.” She pointed out that the “DPRK has no lack of doctors and nurses,” and praised the system for its “very elaborate health infrastructure, starting from the central to the provincial to the district level.”
I got up extra early this morning to try out my brand new home pregnancy test. I made sure I had the F.R. Early Res. ponse ones. But since the title of the post has given it away, I'll just come out and say it was a single line. No vapor line 10 minutes later. No hope in a stick.
We're using various instrument connected to the computer. (e.g; pad controller, synth, voice vfx, looper..). At first sight our music is sounding complicated or uncomfortable, but we do recordings under the same conditions with a similar tone. Because we've recorded the instrument altogether in the big booth of a studio. And during the making of some tune, it's like throwing the dice. We're randomly choosing the beat between 1-3 and record. And again we reconstruct the session in my house. From Smiles through Mask on the A Thousand Smile EP all tracks went through the same process.
End of video...
Then I turn right back around and go to work, where a friendly conversation with a coworker turned into a “this is why your wrong and I’m right” conversation. He is an atheist, and he noticed the necklace I have… He then proceeded to tell me why there is no God.
The Broadcast Television Journalists Association (BTJA), an offshoot of the Broadcast Film Critics Association, today announced that it would be adding six categories to the second annual Critics’ Choice Television Awards and will be moving the event to the Beverly Hilton for an evening gala on June 18, 2012.
She learned from her harrowing experience to keep a first-aid kit, flashlight, bicycle helmet, battery-powered radio, power generator and Meals Ready to Eat in her storm closet.
Oh, spring came to my garden
She knows in Whom I believe. She may already know what I’m getting at, and yet, she may not. I hope this is the first of our conversations on this topic. As we were leaving she excused herself from all she heard: “Well, everyone chooses their own way to believe; whatever makes them happy.” But she knows these things we spoke of are in the scriptures. I pray she will come to believe on the One who fulfilled and accomplished God’s salvation plan.
Dos Amigos Fire, TX
I loved TLC when I was growing up, and I was devastated when the one I wanted to be (she was sooo cool, I even wanted her Eagle with and 80 over it tattoo) tragically died 10 years ago today.
1 e
As a flow of feelings of dreamt rhythms
Several large tree limbs are severed or nearly severed and are essentially hang over people's heads. I witnessed and took photos of several trees who's branches seemed far from secure (as of Monday 9/20) and I wonder if anything is being done about the danger posed.
Who took Tempranillo to Tuscany and when? Was it deliberate, or just a happy accident? If it had been found in Southern Italy or the Islands it would have been more logical as they were under Spanish or Catalan dominion for a long time. They certainly took Garnacha / Grenache / Garnatxa to Sardinia where it is known as Cannonau and Carineña / Carignan which the Sardinians today call Carignano.
Letting his thoughts wander while Clearseeing was a bad plan. The web within the Sherim made all too many shapes that he could pick out, that a careless thought turned into monsters. Focus, and if concentration alone wasn't enough, make something to focus on. "What do we do now?" He managed to keep his voice to a whisper, but Clearsight showed him the wet shimmer of the words slicing through the air for a moment - would Taslin recoil?
Thank you to those of you who offered all of the great suggestions for a "New Name" for, what will soon no longer be called, "Chessington Plaza". I have decided on a name and have e-mailed a friend of mine in Paris to ask the proper French phrasing for my choice. So as soon as she responds I will tell you what it is going to be.
All in all, the hybrid experience has been a good one so far. I am hopeful the car holds up well to the abuse it is likely to get in my household. Keep you posted…
Actor, producer, host of The Price is Right
cash are selling their surplus on the market at up to a 50 per cent premium.
The protests were not immediately successful, but they proved effective down the line, as eight-hour work days eventually did become the norm. Labor leaders, socialists, and anarchists around the world took the American strikes and their fallout as a rallying point, choosing May Day as a day for demonstrations, parades, and speeches. It was a major state holiday in theSoviet Unionand other communist countries.
Now, when I got home I immediately pondered how I could make it. I've made pudding plenty of times so I knew it wasn't a whole bunch of complicated ingredients. Oh, and the crispies...must include those!
(This reminded me of something that Rosemary Brown had described in one of her books. She mentioned that both Liszt and Chopin seemed to perform this gatekeeping function for her, organizing the work of the other composers so that she wouldn’t be overwhelmed. At one point, she heard Chopin snap at someone in Polish, and she wrote down what she heard phonetically so she could ask someone what it meant. It turned out to be, “You go away!” I wonder who the intruder was. Mrs. Brown also noted other instances in which Chopin acted protectively toward her, and this doesn’t surprise me in the least.)
I've used a test signature - Home - to save me writing one specially, and you can see it's against a grey background. This is because it's a png file, so the background is transparent. If it was a jpg, it would have a white box around it, like Linda's.
“Including aviation in the existing E.U. E.T.S. should be the least-cost and most environmentally effective way forward,” Brian Pearce, the chief economist for the International Air Transport Association, wrote in an article in 2006.
There are a few passages about the Special Trials Unit which Clark was in as a prosecutor. The protagonist complains that other prosecutors are jealous of Special Trials because they get the high profile cases.
2. Dice the onion and cut the chorizo into small, half-moon slices.
Then I got a reality check. I was given my first deadline, a deadline set by the publisher and not my inner nag. I had to complete a 30,000 word novella in three months. Having learned a little about time management and goal setting over the years, I gave myself a goal of 10,000 words a month, highly doable, given the fact I haven’t quit my day job or turned in my mom card. I am happy to say I met my first deadline. The novella, The Bride Wore Demon Dust, comes out this August as part of a Halloween anthology from Kensington entitled So I Married A Demon Slayer. The icing on my cake of happiness is the fact that I’m in the anthology with paranormal romance writers extraordinaire Angie Fox and Kathy Love. Somebody pinch me!
The governing Conservatives have bowed to pressure from Christian home-schooling groups and amended Alberta’s new Education Act, making parental control over education explicit.
United States Attorney Preet Bharara is merging two divisions in his Manhattan office.
Hey friends! How is everyone's week going? I have to tell you I have been completely consumed by crossing things off my list in order to get ready for our trip. Here's a little fact about me- when I have something like this to look forward to, every other hobby or enjoyment takes a backseat- so I haven't been searching for a single new thing for my home, the house is dirty and we have been semi slack on cooking lately. A few weeks ago when our dear friends came in town all I did was think about getting the guest room ready and didn't think twice about clothes or prepping my closet for Spring.
Now is a great time to get out and about and gain inspiration from the many sculpture galleries and outdoor exhibitions which are open over the summer.
Pour the yeasted mixture into the flour mix and using the dough hook attachment on your mixer, knead till the entire thing comes together.
On the eve of my new job, I did a mega retail rally and have decided to leave my own signature style behind and opt for a more defined look. Chic, stylish with a twist.
And guess who will sell more books? And get a bigger advance on the next book as a result? Not the shy, quiet girl in the corner.
With all this being said, I have had regular beers in the past be Narragansett Lager, Heavy Seas Marzen, and Yuengling Amber Lager among many others. This isn't my first regular beer and it won't be my last. This just happens to be the regular beer of the moment. Here's to regular beers!
How fab is this image?! Even better, it's just one of a whole set of coffee and tea themed images and brilliant sentiments. They should be available here later.
This counter is direction sensitive, because it transmits 2 infrared beams. Counting data from both directions are
Now they were coming after him.
that pulls our life
Kiro Gligorov defended with vigour and effectiveness the interests of his country in difficult times, without ignoring the delicate balances in the unstable surroundings, and without provoking beyond certain limits the national sensitivities of the neighbours, as is the case with today’s leaders of the state that he created and who at the sunset of his life tried to reduce his importance.
“I questioned authority relentlessly.
I have never been able to find out for myself because I have only ever slept with prostitutes and cannot afford the high class ones.
Panicking, I peep out the window to see if I spot an outraged 5’2 former marine (my mother) charging to my front door. Whew…no sighting, YET that is. It wouldn’t surprise me if she had already contacted Pastor Bob for an emergency healing session.
One way of letting go of lies and self-hatred and believing the truth is to get out post-its and a pen. First write down the lies. If you have a cross at home or at church put the post-it on the cross and ask God to take it. If you don’t have a cross at home or at church that you can use then rip up the post-it and as you do ask God to take this thought from your mind and to never let it in again.
A few weeks ago The Melting Pot sent me an e-mail saying that they were celebrating National Fondue day by giving away free cheese fondue for two! I called and made our appointment, called my friend to see if she'd be able to watch the hoodlums, and anxiously awaited for our date.
On Thursdays he would help my grandmother make what was called pea soup. This soup was an alchemy that involved the potting shed, a muslin cloth and took two days to conjure, and it was a routine that never varied until he died at 91. Apart from this one activity he sat in his armchair, twiddling his thumbs round and round. Only now, through his diaries, do I see what happened to him and why he was so emotionally damaged. It was a time when you just shut up and put up, when there was little or no help for ex-soldiers suffering the after-effects of war.
Every single part of this is horrifically misguided. One of the more tedious debates available in fandom is whether or not Nyssa counts as a companion in this story. It’s tedious because it’s a classic pitched battle not merely over no stakes whatsoever but over a technicality of an invented concept. There is no doubt that Nyssa is a companion, there is no doubt that she debuts in this story, but because she doesn’t join the TARDIS crew this story and is instead brought back in the next story there’s a debate over whether or not she’s a companion in this story. Personally I advocate the far more entertaining fandom debate - if we take Asylum seriously and assume that the Doctor knows Nyssa is a companion from the start, does the Doctor’s not taking Nyssa with him at the end of this story constitute a deliberate attempt to alter history?
I said, what can I do
So lets try this again…. let’s get the thoughts out; the scary and the insecure. The rotten and shameful and let the moment pass as it should. Get it out and see how it feels. I have prided myself in being fully committed in all I choose to do, with the exception of this, and I hide from the people who love and rely on me the most… especially myself. So I will commit to this in the same way. I will make my words come out. Learn to see that the value is not in how I can be first because of the noise I made, but that I can be heard because of the words I choose.
I've never fixed a faucet before, which might be surprising since in my former career I built plumbing systems at a large Aquarium. Here's me doing some extreme plumbing in one of the older 11,000 gallon saltwater reservoirs. Yet, if I messed something up at work I could always beg one of the professional plumbers who care for the really big exhibits to come bail me out. I get really nervous working on plumbing at home, there's no one but an expensive private plumber to bail my butt out.
list of things that might point one to consider diagnosing someone
A Crappy Way To Start Bike Month
Not easy to remember the setting when you are lost in the moment trying to capture the picture. Which is why I think the scene selection modes in the camera settings are fantastic!
It’s been awhile but between going to visit my Grandmother in physical therapy, committing to going to the gym five days a week, chasing after three kids and working fulltime; I’ve spent my downtime… well down. At any rate with school cloths bought, Mommy paperwork filled out and Grandma therapy wrapping up I’m getting back into the swing of things. Not only back into the swing of things but feeling good that I’ve dropped about thirteen pounds, there’s more to shave off but what a great start! So here I am blogging again woohoo.
Traditional Chinese medicines are complex mixture of ingredients often grounded into powder. As a result, it is extremely difficult to analyze their compositions. To make the matter worse, there are concerns that some medicines may be mislabeled intentionally (to reduce manufacturing cost by including cheaper ingredients or to evade customs check) or even unintentionally (by misidentification of products). Some medicines may contain toxins or endangered species, so that for both safety concerns and biodiversity conservation, new technique must be developed in order to detect ingredients efficiently.
Ok, love is a strong word when we are speaking of files folders, but you get my drift. :) It is so nice to have this system in place. When I want to remember something, it is as easy as clicking “pin it” or “print” or some other one-step method of saving it for later. I have already learned new things, and I can see myself utilizing this system to learn more in the near future! I think it is so important to continue to learn and exercise our minds - like any other part of our body, it needs exercise! Having this file system in place ensures that I can exercise efficiently...kind of like a workout plan for my brain, lol!
Happy Saturday! I'm so excited to use my new Panini Press. I just got it yesterday and I decided to make my first panini a breakfast one. I love the Panera breakfast sandwich made with white cheddar, fried egg, and bacon. That was the inspiration behind this sandwich.
When I was young,like really young I used to ask her every single day as to what she had for breakfast,lunch & dinner. She used to tell me various things she had and one of those days she mentioned about the 'curry' she used to take along with her for work while she worked in the paddy fields long back...very many years ago, when she was young. She called it 'Puliyum Molakum'.
The purpose of creating this blog for me was to help my children understand and respond to some of the questions they face about our faith. I have also learned so much as I continue to write and read and pray about the things which I write here. It's truly a humbling experience.
One man recently told me, “I’m so afraid. My girlfriend is not right with the Lord.” This image of God, as judge, is consistent with the Bible. The Bible promises a final righting of the scales. The wicked (unbelieving goats) will be sent to the left into eternal fire and pain, the just (believing sheep) will be sent to the right into paradise.
Place the pizza stone/baking sheet inside oven and cook for about 10 minutes or until the egg looks cooked (I needed to cook mine a little longer, about 5 minutes longer, but your oven may differ. Just keep checking after 10 mins; you’ll know when it’s done)
With that, Pam took the nightstick and put it between her thighs up by her crotch. The stick was angled up at about 45 degrees, like an erect penis. “I want you to suck me off! And make sure I cum.”
“Yup. My son. He’ll be 5.”
As an aside, I'm not entirely sure why Frank went along with it. It was a big leap for such an academically minded guy. Maybe it was faith in me, maybe it was faith in our kids, maybe it was a simple desire to be agreeable and get me to be quiet. :-) Whatever. He signed off on the experiment, and no more than three months later found himself in the role of stay-at-home unschooling dad. And here we are...
There are countless moments each day when I can REALLY make a difference to someone else. Each and every day. Likewise to all of the Staff. I look around our warm and sunny room, and I see them actively making a difference All Day Long. Astounding!
No, says the man, and neither have I. He reaches out and rips the sleeve from Sir James's jacket. Sir James recoils from the searing pain. There! says the man. I knew I clipped you when I shot at you tonight. You thought you'd finish Hibbs with your poison needle, but I was there instead waiting for you.
We would do the Hull and Dover routes (possibly others) and these would be open to any members. You would have to register as a member of the club and would then be issued with a membership card.
May 4th is International Star Wars Day – May the fourth be with you…get it? With that I am celebrating my geekness with my favorite Star Wars picture laughs.
I do trust Jill, and I always have. She always knew me better than I knew myself, and she always had a way of making me see when I was blinded by logic and reason. And she never gave me the answers, she would always just gently nudge me in the right direction until I found the answers on my own. This feels so much like the Jill I knew - the way she spoke, the way she looked, the way she tried to make me "see" when my mind refused to accept what was in front of me...it felt so real.
“A baby is God’s opinion that the world should go on.” – Carl Sandburg
‘Perhaps whoever lived here has gone to bed!’ Sylvia managed to gasp out, her breath taken by the wind and the rain bettering her face.
Professor Thomas Swetnam of the University of Arizona and others has used dendrochronology to reconstruct reliable regional fire histories across Western North America dating back to about 500 A.D.
They are happy, and that is a dream come true.
This study looked specifically at belly fat to see if it was a risk factor for people who were not otherwise considered overweight. The study examined 6,583 Kaiser Permanente health care plan members between the ages of 40 and 45 who had their abdominal fat measured in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The researchers recently followed up to see what happened when these same people reached their 70s and beyond.
Within the decade though, my guess is that we will be looking back to this time as the point when the current suite of scares started to fall apart. I suppose we could say they are dead scares walking.
To the Cross or to Clarté or to Common Sense
My favourite scene between the two was when Cyndi compliments Jeff's legs in the tent. The way Jeff struggled to return the compliment was factually adorable. I mean, I, too, would struggle to praise Cyndi's shapely, underrated legs if I was in such close proximity to them.
He then tries to launch the alien ship and return to earth and seed it with the alien eggs or the DNA seeds, hence why the alien ship is rammed by the crew in the movie clip.
All in all I think my project turned out really cute and I am looking forward to making the rest of them.
First of all on behalf of the team here at Sweet Stampin', we would just like to give a huge thanks to all of you who take the time to enter our challenge every week especially at this time of year when it's a bit manic getting organised for Santa. So folks as Santa comes next week, well 8 sleeps to be exact, this weeks challenge will last for 2 weeks so you have until 30th December to get your entries in.
As I say goodbye from the other side
The Brooklyn-born Yauch co-founded the Beastie Boys in 1981, originally as a punk rock outfit with Mike “Mike D” Diamond, drummer Kate Schellenbach and guitarist JohnBerry in 1981. The group got its start playing underground clubs around New York and released an EP later that year.
adhered all that on with a brush and modge podge acted as the glue...
The bravest would have by for friend,
You don’t need to be a fan of previous installments to enjoy Fast Five. In fact, all you really have to do is leave all logic and standards at the concession stand so that you can better enjoy it. Like most action films, it’s one that isn’t intended for being scrutinized, but rather one to get your adrenaline pumping. So as an enjoyable theater-going experience, the film is a terrific triumph.
Making Myself Miserable
“Australia’s Coast from the Air” DVD, with over 260 photos and soundtrack, is available in PAL and NTSC for only $25.00 plus postage and packaging. To preview the DVD visit www.youtube.com/ozdragon52.
And while Functional Kenoticism is probably more attractive it is still equally unorthodox. What it claims is that, for example, while the Bible does say that Jesus upholds the universe by his powerful word (Hebrews 1:3), that statement is not true during his time as a man on earth because it would then involve him not just possessing but also exercising prerogatives like omnipotence and probably also omniscience. And the whole point of functional kenoticism is that whole Jesus does retain those attributes in his person he does not access or exercise them. So presumably he sub-contracts that responsibility out to other members of the Trinity.
Regarding the disclosure issue, others have asked me about that and I'm not sure of the guidelines. Just because the newspaper is Ratner's tenant (in "spiffy new offices," as described today) doesn't mean that business relationship--certainly more indirect than that of the New York Times Company--should be mentioned in every story about Forest City Ratner. However, it might be worth mentioning in certain articles about the Downtown Brooklyn office market.
I put him on my hand and said, “Hi.”
Afterthought: 6:10 p.m.
want some free customized stickers? - i mean WHO doesn't LOVE stickers? - we all are a kid at heart and well we all like to make everything have our own personal touch - this is your chance to win custom stickers to make all your holiday gifts, personal mail, ect. be extra special and stand out from the crowd!!!
Let's take a look at what 2010 held for our family...
(Of course, many evolution-defending speakers do emphasize the existential perks of their worldview: a sense of wonder at being part of such a beautiful, intricate, ever-changing universe; the feeling of joy as you discover deeper and deeper layers of life's complexity; a stronger sense of kinship with other forms of animal life, etc. Why, even Richard Dawkins, the theorist featured in this study as representative of the godless, naturalistic worldview, has written a lot --- most notably in his book Unweaving the Rainbow --- about the beauties and benefits of that worldview. So the emotional angle isn't all there is to this, though I think it is important and not usually given the prominence it deserves).
The diseased minds at the Times want all humans to be exactly equal in attainment, and by "all humanity" the Times sincerely, serenely, with the straight face of a delusional utopian, believes that if four-foot-seven football-shaped mestizos from the highlands of Bolivia and six-foot-two blonde-haired blue eyed beauties from downtown Stockholm somehow have unequal outcomes in life, then there is something wrong with global society, and this society needs to be re-engineered from the ground up.
On the plus side, I have very nearly finished unpacking the boxes from when I moved here two years ago! Woo hoo!
Both arbors are Fabaceae,
Even the free samples quite often disguise an ebook not worth the money (Trust me, I have seen my screen seethe in agony, I wouldn't review them here since this isn't a book blog, and because of a self imposed rule of showcasing 3 stars and above books.) Should a reader avoid Amazon reviews and rely on word of mouth or book bloggers to find new authors, try only bloggers' books or stick to reliable paperbacks?
Anyway, during our walk the sky rapidly darkened and the most amazing cloud formations began to gather over the horizon, forming a funnel-like shape almost like a tornado and it was heading inland. Everything went eerie quiet, you know - like it does just before a storm. Suddenly and without warning the heavens just opened and it poured. I have never seen rain like it! We were about a mile from where we had parked the car and with no shops or cafes to offer shelter we just had to dash for it. By the time we reached the car we were like drowned rats - absolutely soaked to the skin. We were so relieved to be out of the storm however that we collapsed into hysterial laughter as we dried ourselves, taking off any article of clothing that we could whilst still remaining decent!
What happens is I REALLY serve ice cream for dinner sometimes. YES. REALLY.
The trades school, which is being rebuilt by its own students, trains young people in the special skills needed for the heritage office’s restoration work.
B) Willful ignorance
Thus extremist choose on one hand to oppose abortion but have no reservations in sending anyone to their deaths and abolishing all charitable acts to keep wealth in their hands and on the other extreme they hand out compassion and assistance to the needy but support abortion.
Reaching the main mine tunnel once again, the group decided to re-seal the barrier blocking off the southbound flame tunnel to hell. Just as they finished rebuilding the barricade, the PCs were interrupted by a sudden tremor running through the mine. The stone underneath their feet wobbled and undulated, and Innominus, Vivuli, and Uncle Junkal, the non-dwarves, stumbled around awkwardly for a few minutes. Then the tremor subsided as suddenly as it had started.
Another handy tool for me is a notebook. I don't have a laptop, so a notebook is useful when I'm sitting in the school parking lot or waiting for kids at the orthodontist. Then I just have to fight with them to get on the computer to transfer my work.
The second band from my well sprent youth is Dash Rip Rock, the Louisiana Swamp punkabilly drunk rockers from New Orleans. I think at one point Dash Rip Rock had played every SXSW and were the only band that had that distinction, but I think their streak has been broken. I'm still guessing they've made close to 20.
As Easter Sunday nears, most people will be preparing to get together with their families to celebrate. They will also make sure that they have colored their easter eggs, bought their chocolate eggs and most importantly their traditional Maamoul sweet. Maamoul is a wonderful sweet made of very simple ingredients and stuffed with either nuts or dates. Most people don’t have time to make their own Maamoul these days, but they will make sure to get some for themselves or for when they visit someone else’s home on Easter. And I have to say that the Muslims also love to make this sweet during Ramadan and the Eid.
I can totally relate to this! It seems like my family has it all! Shopping for them is hard.. my kids have so much, and actually we are planning on going through all their toys and such to get rid of all the stuff they don't need or use anymore. And I always try to remind my kids to be grateful and thankful for everything they get. Though sometimes it really is so easy to get sucked into all the hype of Christmas shopping, with black friday deals and sales, coupon and toy flyers being sent in the mail, all the eye catching commercials and so on...
It’s funny, the odd and otherwise missed opportunities you get with students just being at the right place at the right time. Or even moments that could possibly seem negative are turned into the most precious of moments.
I don't have a lot of information on the Fujipet EE. Other than there being two versions, the original with the red badge and the EE-2 with the gold badge and the sensitivity knob, I don't see much variation between these cameras. The only one I know of for sure is the color of the Fuji Film sticker inside.
The hand dealt to me most often is: K5 off suit (At 112 times, it is no wonder I am negative on this hand, but actually I just went negative on it today because I am only down 1.5BB/100 hands. I lost an all in for 1300 chips today on that hand. Stupid K10… lol.
In 1601, she again complained about the:-
First, I picked it up for under $6 shipped. Somehow I managed to be the only bidder.
Like I said before, we are simultaneously working on a few projects at a time! Sounds time consuming and it is, but it's always fun to be busy with projects that you enjoy! I've been looking for a while to replace our couches in the living room. They are both kind of comfortable but neither are really what we are looking for. They don't match and mainly they always look undone. The minute you sit down on it they are messed up and you have to re-fluff all pillows to look decent again. It's kind of like having an unmade bed, in the living room, all the time! They just look messy and ick. And they are both old couches that we acquired through the years from family so I feel like it's time we get a "grown up" couch that we pick and pay for! YIKES I know- I'm growing up right here in front of you!
Sepia Saturday has gone back to using images as theme prompts rather than words and it is a change I welcome. I am always more comfortable with images rather than words : for some reason I find it easier to skim visual ideas off the surface of my consciousness rather than solid words which seem to sink to the depths. This is why I am not a poet. This is why I am attracted to blogging. Blogging allows you to stitch images together with a fine thread of words. So my thoughts skim off the theme image of a miniature train and come to land in Weston-Super-Mare in Somerset. It is a classic sepia snap taken by my Uncle Frank back in the 1930s. In his Frankish way he has titled the photograph "The Devonian Express coming into Weston Station".
the shards and splinters of broken lives:
the Dubbiest Illest
The top-50 patent assignees for 2010:
YOU NEED PATIENCE to make them :)
Who was the ONE to set evolution on motion? Who is the force behind it? GOD is!!!!
When he got up on stage, in front of maybe a few more people than the woman who had played a couple songs earlier, this king of double standard douche bags stopped in the middle of a song to tell the audience or what there was of an audience to stop talking and pay attention to him. He continued by saying that the audience needs to respect the performers. Hmm.
Of a sugar tipped hill,
Then, of course, you can hide a tablespoon of cayenne chili powder in the sauce to knock off your husband's buddies who come over for Superbowl game and claims your brand new HD flat screen TV as if their own.
Some are more colourful, others more bland.
So again, effective long-term planning is necessary when it comes to budgets. This is not to say don’t consider tablets, but rather factor in costs for replacement going several years forward.
And, having taken up and…“slain” in Himself “the enmity” which by means of sin had come between us and God—(in fact sin was “the enmity”)—and having become what we were, He through Himself again united humanity to God.
Like many of my dinners, this one sparked from a craving and a search on TasteSpotting.com, which happens to be my homepage even though my professors suggest the Wall Street Journal or some other news outlet to stay current. As far as I’m concerned TasteSpotting keeps me up-to-date with what’s important- food! I do visit WSJ and other sites too… sometimes.
From Funky bass lines to heavy guitars and hypnotising vocals which are all being chased by the most obscure drums and effects to keep you on this crazy road. This album is far more than you could expect!
Nothing wrong with that per se–we’re all gaga over start-ups, even if just they just make six people gargantuanly rich. That is, after all, what we’re all after. But it becomes a bit dodgy when the federal government goes to such great and disingenuous lengths to disenfranchise the many for the benefit of the few.
The people at CSN Stores were kind enough to give me a promotional code and this is what I chose from cookware.com:
I was pleased to find that he now has a website where you can see his Alice works and many others: Pinoccio, Don Quixote, Arthur, Orpheus as well as several tarot decks to name a few.
We all have a dark side (some darker than others) and this side manifests itself in different ways; it could be though drugs, drink, excessive partying, sex addiction, eating, the need to please, the need to be around people all the time…and so-on.
Aurelius inclined his head, haughtily warning, “Your workload will undoubtedly triple for the duration.”
The bill’s chief sponsors are Rep. Kevin Priola (Henderson) and Sen. Kent Lambert (Colorado Springs).
An excellent story that reads more like an exotic, yet classical fairytale. It’s a charming and beautiful piece of work, even if it isn’t technically horror. With plenty of magic, sorcerers curses and heroic quests, it maintains a tough, down-to-earth streak that stops it getting too syrupy.
Several years ago disenchanted writers—many of whom were women—took a critical look at the genre palette. Romance. Suspense. Historical. Fantasy. They began breaking the rules and mixing colors in new and surprising ways. “Romantic Suspense” was the first obvious breakout. Others followed. Vampires in Victorian England. Zombies consorting with elves. Quirky blends of women’s fiction with laugh-out-loud dialogue and mystery elements.
I see that look in your eyes
Courses, quizzes, lab simulations, feedback -- and even certificates of mastery -- are not enough. Most students will also need tutoring and remedial education, in order to take full advantage of what is being offered.
Blockbuster cooperated much better this time, so the movie version of Cujo will be here on Thursday and I’ll probably get around to watching it this weekend. So I should be back sometime early next week with my thoughts on that.
As sunshine steals the dew -
Pockets. Boat neck. Embroidery. Full skirt. This dress is super elegant and would be perfect for a wedding!
My brother-in-law then noted that Google seems not to have heard of National Ellipsis Day.
For much of the nineteenth century and for the first half of the twentieth the Bremond family was the most prominent business dynasty in Austin. Indeed, in the 1870s, the Bremonds accounted for a whopping twenty percent of the city’s tax revenue.
Sara Raza Khan - The Pride Of Pakistan Teenager Sara from the city of gardens, Lahore, Pakistan, is the first Muslim girl to take the big leap by competing in a musical reality contest like Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2009, in spite of stiff opposition from people of her community. Although, Sara from the ‘Heart of Pakistan’ didn't win the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2009 trophy, her mind-blowing and soulful performance will surely take her a long way. Her great voice and expression not only placed her among the top eight contestants in the prestigious contest, but she also won plaudits from all corners. Sara was eliminated in Episode 37, on Nov. 7, 2009.
The type of sprayer I have is called a Misto. I like that it has a little stylish look to it. It works really well, has a very even spray and can go a few uses before needing to be pumped up again. Aside from spraying baking dishes, I use it to mist popcorn so my seasonings stick, to spray kale before making kale chips, to moisten breadcrumbs on top of fish fillets before baking and so on. Spray oil on its own is very handy in the kitchen and I love having a refillable sprayer.
I did just fine and enjoyed myself immensely. In his excitement, that his plan was successful and the wife was actually having a good time, Sean gushed, “Kids, who knew your mom was such a mountain goat, huh?” I was panting hard the first time so I let the comment slide. But after a particularly difficult phase of rock climbing, he said it again, “My mountain goat of a wife!” Then I let him have it! I told him, in no uncertain terms, that I didn’t think calling his wife a ‘mountain goat’ will earn him any brownie points. In fact, that is not romantic at all, he could call me nimble-footed, fit, athletic…something along that line. But mountain goat is the limit. Can’t take it! I will dream of myself sprouting four legs, two cute horns, a beard and jumping around mountains. Ughh! Shudder! He back tracked quickly and said things like, “You always under-estimate your ability. See, this was a piece of cake for you. You are in awesome shape!” etc etc. That mollified me a bit. We walked a total of 8 miles round trip. And labeled my two children as the toughest cookies ever.
Then: New York. My heart still hurts thinking about it. I had high hopes for this marathon. Everything was lined up: The hotel was booked, I was on the VIP bus to the starting line, the ramen research was done, I had made plans to meet up with friends. But then my stupid hip had to protest. (Of course, my physical therapist thinks the hip injury may stem from the ankle sprain throwing everything out of alignment and causing my muscles to fire wrong. Curse you, left leg.)
barely visible among the trees.
"Cold out the day, eh Jim"?
Hops: A delicate mix of Galena, Cascade and Golding
The final problem with the enhancement debate is that, despite the endless streams of ink that have been spilled in its pursuit, it is still stuck at the pro-enhancement vs. anti-enhancement stage. This is unfortunate for a couple of reasons.
One of my favorite parts is on her apron. I cut a slit on top of the pocket to open it and tucked a sparklified heart inside. The secret ingredient to the perfect cupcake recipe is always love. :o)
PAXMAN: pasty pasty pasty north pasty pasty all north alike pasty pasty
Be that what it may, the new direction I’m going with this thing is to put those magazine recipes to the test. You know the ones; they sit there staring at you when you go to check out at the grocery store, promising you an authentic Italian meal in 10 easy minutes that will make your love life better, your butt smaller, and your boobs bigger.
YAYA TOURE (Manchester City) : The big man from Ivory Coast has been very impressive in his second season at the Etihad Stadium. He’s the perfect definition of a box-to-box midfielder. He can play anywhere across the midfield and has chipped in with a few goals and assists too. He’s skill and strength on the ball has been a joy to watch all season.
Merry Christmas to all our friends and family. You all are in our hearts and minds.
9. A perfume that, when spritzed into the breeze, carries itself to the nearest non-gardening neighbors, and infects them with a rabid desire to not only beautify their property with plantings, but to haul off the rusted-out snow machines and ancient truck on blocks. I’m still mulling over ideas on a name for this miraculous scent. How about we go halvesies on the patent, Santa?
If you’d like to follow JD’s TV stories from TTC and beyond, you can follow her on Twitter at @JDeckerTV.
I am mad for the things my daughters have to suffer because of his behavior. Or lack thereof.
Father’s Day gifts can be a tricky proposition. Fortunately, most men have similar basic needs and wants that don’t change much, regardless of their age or situation. This Father’s Day gift buying guide will help you figure out how to buy a Father’s Day gift that will tell Dear Old Dad that you care — specifically, that you care enough to think about what he would really like to receive on Father’s Day.
Plug-In Van Grant The Plug-In Van Grant, available to both private and business buyers, gives 20% off the price of a new electric van. There is a limit of £8,000 available and only vans which meet strict performance criteria for range, emissions standards (75g/km) and safety will be eligible.
Let’s see, what else have I been up to? Sleeping. Done some of that. Can’t remember how much though. Eating. Yep, done some of that too. Probably not as healthy as I ought to and probably too much at times but hey, I only live once and when I’m dead I’m done so let the good times roll…and rolling is what I’ll be doing if I don’t watch what I eat.
They then put in their pocket a piece of paper with the name of the person for whom the bank accounts and insurance policies were taken out.
Friday's Nature table is where we share our inspiration with each other. I can't tell you how many wonderfully fantastic ideas we have found from your links... your blogs, your creativity, your families, your loving... has
Instead we get a dishonest discussion about race: Back in the 1950s and 60s, round about the time the National Review was getting on its feet, nice, kind White liberals popularized an explanation for all the above phenomena that tied them all together in a series of causes and effects in a manner that was not overly insulting and offensive to Black people. Basically it said that Blacks were suffering from slavery and racism and that once racism was removed they would soon catch up with Whites.
where unknown words
There were only 2 things my father really objected to – 2 things he absolutely wanted his kids to avoid – smoking and tattoos.
TV is one of those divisive topics - not unlike homeschooling and breast-feeding. You either fall into the "it rots your brain and we watch too much" camp, or you think "it's food for the brain and we should let our kids choose what they want to watch and how much". Mmm, actually, maybe there's a stance in the middle - yep, that would be me, sitting on the fence again!
Now as always, there is an easier way. The purpose of the previous demonstrations were to see the raw data that comes from a receiver, and understand how to work with it.
What about you? Do you have any tips on dialogue you'd like to ad? Post them in the comments.
as a human is for the galaxy, the awful galaxy.
A few hundred years later and Poland, through the help of a union with Lituania had become one of the most powerful countries in Europe, but it desperately needed stability and Sobieski gave it just that. Sobieski rocks because he was a more than good military commander who beat the Turks black and blue in the 1683 Battle of Vienna. He was such an able military commander that he controlled not only Polish forces in the battles but also German and Austrian troops. He was so impressive, other European monarchs nicknamed him 'The saviour of western civilization' - what a nick name! - oh and Sobieski Vodka is named after him.
Near the top of the chute, once again the rocks were exposed and I had to climb over them to the saddle between Mt Ellinor and Mt Washington. This saddle was filled with snow and I could see snow for the remaining 400 feet to the summit of Mt Ellinor. There was bare rock around the edges of the snow and I took this route to the summit at 5994 feet.
In attempting to protect Jeremy Lin, a few of his supporters are inadvertently fulfilling the key goal of all bigots — reducing a real person to a racial construct.
I have to thank my dad & brother for going out of town on Mother's day weekend because I am pretty sure she was thinking "HA you are going to leave me on Mother's day- I am going to get a dog then."
As I struggled to figure out what to work the other day, I thought back to how things have changed in women’s work wardrobes since I first stepped through the door at my company 23 years ago. It was 1989 and the bible for women’s work dress was written back in 1977 by John T. Molloy who, building on the popularity of his book Dress for Success had come out with a new book, The Woman’s Dress For Success Book. He later updated the books, but they are over a decade out-of-date these days.
What would worsen it is the fact that the altercation came amid Ambiga’s vow to respect the court order and pledge that Bersih 3.0 will act in accordance with the law.
*Davy Overcomes Recurring Death
Never felt the rain pouring on me, heard the thunder and saw a cloud.
Start by painting the green background. This may require a picture or a very good eye for what you want to do. Be creative! I used darker shades on the edges (thicker, undiluted paint colours) to map out the parts I will black/outline.
“The Indonesian school Obama attended in Jakarta is a public school that is not and never has been a Madrassa,” said a statement put out by the senator’s staff.
Don’t forget to head over to the challenge blog and see what colours the rest of the DT picked as their plus one.
Luke 9: 26
Don’t – Yell at the gate agents/others who might be able to help you. Yelling doesn’t help any…at all. If anything it will make the customer service person want to help you less! Also they will remember that you were a super cranky b**** from the day before. You know what they say about karma…
Thank you for coming, Zel, Spike and Tere ^^
And yes, indeedy, I am still broke. BUT there is still household money, just not in my checkbook. Despite 20 years of coupledom and 13 years of marriage, Pod and I have never consolidated our accounts--he gets his paycheck in one account and I get mine in another and never the twain shall meet. (So far.) I get paid twice a month, and the first paycheck goes for the big expenses, like childcare, car insurance (which I can now anticipate going way up this year), at least one big grocery run, and the like. And there is a little more room in the second paycheck for extras, though I haven't yet figured out how to stretch that paycheck so it lasts for 4 weeks instead of 2. So it's not unusual for me to have a lean 2 weeks at the beginning of the month and then a fat 2 weeks at the end. However, this month the lean time showed up earlier than anticipated, plus Christmas just threw everything off and I've been feeling skint for a while.
46 ashbourne
"As a white person traveling solo, I can go about my business mostly unconscious, unnoticed and uninterrupted. With my son in the same places, a lot changes. I can only begin to imagine him, as a black youth or grown man, traveling these very places on his own. He’s sure to encounter a whole different set of reactions with pedestrians, shopkeepers, teachers, prospective employers, landlords or police officers. These seemingly mundane interactions are connected to a web of cultural stereotypes, media images, biased institutions and unfair laws.
But if I were then to place surveillance on the injured third party's lawyers, and on politicians who had taken up the case, the guilt would have moved up the food chain. In the way that jury-tampering is a lot worse than serious theft, the gravity of the situation increases exponentially.
Jason Kidd, of Gadsden Alabama contacted my office because he googled ‘child abuse’ in a search for attorneys or legislation that would support his efforts to seek justice for his daughter Melanie, and found our petition to Make Child Sexual Abuse A Felony.
…when our hero tells a woman that he is not an interesting person.
What happened with my crush was that he actually responded. The fantasy was over. I was young and immature. He liked me. The end. I was an adrenaline junky at the age of fifteen and I liked the pain of having an unattainable crush. I was used to not knowing, of always fishing for clues as to whether or not he liked me. This is why women are so complicated. We say one thing and do another. So f-ing stupid.
"But what makes a house a home? It's the family dynamics of the people who live in that house that makes it a home. When we value being home and recognize all the roles that home plays in our life, we can provide a secure, loving environment for each member of our family."
Hatmaker compares spiritual growth to the way a baby grows: Moving from milk, to being hand-fed solid food, to eventually feeding himself. He extends that analogy to indicate three things which will keep us from growing to maturity as we follow Jesus (and thereby impacting our effectiveness in the mission):
Sure, there were writers with PH.D's and Pulitzer Prizes,
This little bunk alone with some strange new friends
A friend began to speak that the Lord takes pleasure in the prosperity
When I learned how to needle felt last year, I made a little Joseph, Mary, and baby Jesus for Christmas. I set the nativity up on a shelf and made Christopher admire it with me over the span of several days.
Chopper: Even Beethoven had his critics. See if you can name three of them.
I love blogging. I have a lot to write about lately. I loathe typing with one hand. The baby is always in the other. This is a good problem to have. I am so smitten with this little guy. Why didn't someone tell me boys were so charming?
it's snowing
Stay close this month for further updates.
Ok! No more rambling- here is the file:
The adults were nestled all snug in their beds,
So I dug out the equipment and plugged it all in, dialed in the settings for multitrack recording through the BOSE T1 and am quite pleased to have discovered both an easy way to bypass my OSX 10.7 sound issues and BOSE L1 buzz issues in the same evening. (The L1 trim knob can be all the way down to eliminate the buzz, if you use the T1 for your inputs.)
2) The bully in CRACKED isn't portrayed as some one-sided, evil-to-the-core mean teenager. How important was it to you to show the emotional depth of Bull, to show that bullies are victims, too?
Today I made a card for the Ways To Use It challenge at www.splitcoaststampers.com. We were to have a bird on our creation. I knew just what image I wanted to use. Studio 313 has a new digital set called Home Tweet Home which is available at www.mcmahonfivedesign.com. The image is darling and there are some really fun sentiments, too!
I dont disagree… I just think there were other dancers who couldve been in that bottom 2 BEFORE these two. In my opinion, and if it was the only one that counted, I wouldve liked to see Melissa Gilbert in the bottom, also, Gladys Knight or even William Levy. They all had lacklustre dances, or major screw ups during their performances.
Apparently, however, there are more robust beers made without gluten and a surpisingly large number are reviewed here, http://www.glutenfreebeerfestival.com/available/available.html. I would be interested in trying some of the more highly rated ones, but they're not available in my area.
BOOKS IN THE RIYRIA REVELATIONS
My friend Barb nudged me into entering a 4-week internship competition through Amble Resorts in the Republic of Panama. After clearing other responsibilities out of my way, I faced a two-day stretch of work to pull the presentation together before Isla Palenque’s Island Interns 2012 deadline.
What sort of things are on your Reverse Bucket List?
The voyage of tiara: The Reckless table salt, and the jar of honey
Devastated by Logan's sudden death, Aura realises that her ability to see ghosts might actually be a blessing. Surely a violet-hued spirit Logan is better than no Logan at all? But just when Aura is coming to terms with having a ghost as a boyfriend, she starts developing feelings for her new friend Zachary, who is understanding, supportive and, most of all, alive. Each boy holds a piece of her heart - as well as vital cues to the secret of the Shift - and it's time for Aura to choose between loving the living, or embracing the dead... From Amazon UK
Will on the ther hand, was described by Ronnie as someone who is smarter than any other guy she’d dated. Someone who seemed to be doing something with his life. He worked, he volunteered. He was a pretty good athlete, he even got along with his family, and wasn’t a pushover. And she liked it.
Erm, yes... err, thanks! ( I knew two gallons of fish sauce was far too much.)
Justin Speier - 1.9 WAR = 0 points
3. Subscribe to The Daily Post so that you don’t miss out on weekly challenge announcements. Sign up via the email subscription link in the sidebar or RSS
One of the biggest and most important hurdles we had to overcome was determining how to set up the flow of information onto and off of the iPads. Over the course of a few hours we finally came up with a relatively effective multiple-front solution that included Dropbox, emailing, and using iTunes to move files from the iPads and to the iPads.
OK, actually, no. I just have a super nerdy garden thing that I want your opinions on. Really! Tell me what you think.
OPEN HOUSE
Annelize van Wyk (ANC) led the charge, noting that the police had incurred irregular expenditure of R75 million last year – and spent R150m on “entertainment”. She pointed out that these amounts alone would cover the additional funding police management was requesting for the detective services. Kohler Barnard complained about the tendency for police caught with their fingers in the till to be placed on early retirement – with golden parachutes – instead of being investigated and prosecuted.
The farmer shakes the plate to get rid of the biting adults, waits a while, shakes it again. Then he takes the plate and moves to another place where he puts a branch on the plate. The adult ants will climb up on the branch, and the farmer then whips it against a tree to get rid of more adults. The last adults are removed by hand. On this picture you see the large soldier/forager, and many smaller house maids which rarely leave the nest.
I ran for peace
The flip side of the same question is this:
The Ultimate Christmas Present ... Disney (west) ... 5:30 AM
Watch here and at about 1:40 the drug fiend Madhuri enters. Pay special attention for her crazy drugged trumpet playing while smoking at 2:09. When Anil’s Harikishan sees that it’s a COMPLETE buzz kill and he realizes, “I married a drug whore! My dealing of drugs brought this all about! The mother of my son uses coke!”
Are you thinking about your life? Yeah, me too. Number three screams out at me, but if I were to be completely honest, all seven reasons speak to me in some way. And Jakes himself says that the list is incomplete. There is a lot of unforgiveness in me. Things that I thought I had let go of, I’m still clinging to with both hands. Why is that?
Goat’s Milk Cultured Buttermilk
Tomorrow morning I shall leave the house at five a.m., and set off for Texas again. Blogging has been a bit erratic and sporadic over here, of late, mostly because my pencil broke and the dog ate my homework. Well, probably more that I couldn't think of anything much to say. The Red Dirt Girl often says that I should start a blog of comments I've left on other blogs, because I write blogpost-length comments, and comment-length blogposts. She's probably right. Anyway, I'm a-hoping that she hasn't forgotten I'm coming, and will be waiting in the airport at Houston.
A little girl dreams
5) The Antipope by Robert Rankin
2. You’d want someone who is technically trained, ideally a Class XII C/S. You’d want someone who has done a lot of auditing and C/Sing and has a good record of technical results. If they are going to make decisions that affect training and processing, you’d want them to know what they are talking about.
Paris, the most cultured and romantic cities in the world, with its incredible street after street of shopping opportunities, must be as near to heaven on earth as one can get, if shopping, fine food, and the thrill of the hunt is your thing.
Fennel is a pungent crisp vegetable with a sweet flavor and a hint of anise. Fennel promotes energy circulation, increases your metabolic rate and is a great source of vitamin C, niacin, calcium, magnesium and iron.
1:30 p.m.-- Salsa practice in my home with Dr. Dance.
As you can see, it will require a little bit of work and dedication to make the jump. If you can manage to pull through and stick to the plan, you will be able to accurately represent your dream in the company’s image and create something that is long-lasting and profitable over the years.
While the federal tax code is still progressive, its progressivity has eroded, with a significant percentage of the richest now paying a much lower tax rate than the merely rich and the middle class. (Warren E. Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary because most of her income comes in the form of wages that are subject to both federal income tax and the payroll tax while most of his income comes in the form of capital gains and dividends that are taxed at 15 percent and that are not subject to the payroll tax.)
Drinkability - This beer is rather drinkable for a smoked beer. As I stated in my session post I am not very knowledgeable in the smoked beer style but most smoked beers I have tried the smoke has been very overpowering. This beer was different. There was a nice hint of smoke in a well made porter so everything worked well together.
