"Oh yes, Sarwat, but it's all electronic now. Paper is passe. Wouldn't it be so much easier if people could download it. Problem solved."
I was having a conversation with a good friend of mine, over a drink (or 10) and we got into a conversation about the most pointless things in life, now take into account we were both very drunk at this point, i dont think we came up with that bad of a list here are some of the things we came up with......
“So that’s the way it’s going to be, huh? As soon as there’s a little trouble you turn tail and find the easy way out? That’s not what you taught me. How dare you stain father’s memory like that?”
“You're awake now? What's so funny?” Geoff asked him, leaning against the door frame. Trent held up his hands with a huge grin on his face. Geoff looked at them for a few seconds before he realised what had happened. His jaw dropped before he started laughing too, in disbelief though really. Trent had four fully formed fingers on each hand, complete with two thumbs as well. Somehow, amazingly, his finger had grown back and he had two complete hands.
I'm back after a brief hiatus. Tonight was my turn to host my cookie club's cookie night. I decided to try my hand at an egg free interpretation of my regular chocolate chip cookie recipe.
On to more reviews!
I’m enjoying the development of Vin and Kelsier. I particularly enjoyed watching Vin’s first performance as a noblewoman which brings me nicely onto the two characters that really intrigue me. Sayed and Lord Elend Venture. I think that learning more about Sayed’s history will be very revealing to how this world became as it is. And, I have a feeling that Lord Venture is set to maybe play a bigger part.
When I got the brief, the outline and the concept attracted me straight away. I loved the idea that the school moved to a different exotic city every term, and I liked the uniqueness of the idea – these people weren’t vampires, but possessed by ancient spirits, and I wanted to find out where they came from (and I should add that we started work on the Darke Academy series before Twilight even appeared!)
Ibrahim Ali will cost you dearly. He’s done a fantastic job of alienating people from your government and BN. You’ve done nothing so far to discourage him. But maybe that was part of the plan. If so, thank you for the frog.
So without further adieu, here we go.
I’ve been making lots of spreads (and eating them, obviously) lately. I finally put tahini in hummus (I used to be scared to do so because of extra calories- PSSSH) and it tastes so good! I’ve also been experimenting with different beans and different mix-ins. This certain one had peanut butter in.
I haven’t found much by way of Knitting/ crochet apps. A lot of people bemoan the fact that there isn’t a Ravelry app. My work-around for this is to set up a folder of bookmarks for the pages on Ravelry that I like to go to more often. It’s not an app but it’s a quick way to get around.
My mum has one of the old-fashioned cast-aluminum pans (the top photo shows a cake baked in her pan, years ago!), but these days, most lamb cakes are baked in modern, lightweight pans. I've come across dozens of these, but never purchased one - always holding out for the 'real' thing...so you can imagine how thrilled I was to discover this rusty little beauty languishing in our local thrift store.
Mobile police need your help to catch a mob that beat Matthew Owens so badly that he's in critical condition.
ELDER AG. Influenza in working populations: an overview. Occup Med 2002; 52: 239-240.
Why oh why do we still do daylight savings time? It messes with my kids schedule every six months. And it takes them a few months to get a good routine again. I guess moving to different time zones a few times a year doesn’t help either.
In 1965, two years after Jim assumed the leadership, Mayor Wagner chose not to run for reelection and John Lindsay, “fusion” candidate of the Republican and Liberal parties easily defeated Abe Beame of Brooklyn, the regular organization democratic candidate who was previously the City budget director and Comptroller under Wagner (before he turned on DeSapio). Lindsay, a graduate of Yale College and Yale Law School who was a partner in the white shoe law firm of Webster Sheffield, was a highly photogenic Kennedyesque candidate who promised to sweep away the corrupt old arrangements that had governed New York City in favor of new and modern management. He was strongly supported by the middle class including many liberal democrats and was the antithesis of Carmine DeSapio and the old Tammany Hall bosses. Certainly under the Lindsay administration there would be no role in or assistance from the City government for the McManus club that was an old line ally of Carmine DeSapio. Nevertheless, Jim McManus and the McManus Club carried on trying to help constituents, still providing a social function to the Irish and others of Hell’s Kitchen who attended his parties and sought his help, now largely with private contacts.
Listen more to Me, and less to your doubts. I am leading you along the way I designed just for you. ... I go before you as well as beside you, so you are never alone.
Husband unit/creature/thing has that figured out. Extended stay motel place until new place is found. EXCEPT -
I’ve been having this problem with my eye where it’s been hurting for about a week. Friday I went to the nurse and I got an appointment at one of Springvegas’s many hospitals, fo freeee. Apparently all of us pay a health fee every year so we get free doctor’s visits. But they didn’t do anything except tell me to buy these $15 eye drops at Walgreens and to come back on Monday if it wasn’t better. It wasn’t better, but it snowed and I didn’t feel like going out so I had my mom make me an appointment for this weekend at home with an ophthalmologist. At Walgreens I also bought a bag of miniature Reese’s cups and ate the whole bag while catching up on my television shows, because Caitlin was gone for the weekend and I was bored.
I wouldn't change it for anything.
In other words, once the Europeans skedaddled off in the 1950s and Arab Muslims were left to their own devices, they created (as many peoples have) their own special brand of democracy. Not quite Cuban-style elections, not quite Putin-style, still a long way from Swiss-style.
Stella & Dot Compensation Plan
I simply don't have another excuse for it.
Sometimes known as the baby lollypop, these jingles sometimes double as a teether! Ha! Your baby experiences many things orally, so don't be surprised when your baby wants to mouth new things! Try not to hinder this--unless it is something harmful. This is an important part of their learning. Many new concepts are learned and those dendrites in their developing brains are FIRING when they experience objects in this way. (We disinfect all our instruments, so rest assured when they put them in their mouths!) It's all about discovering their world!
Enjoy your winter, smash a printer.
Do you know of any other sites like this? Are you apart of any? I would LOVE to hear who you use, and why you like them!
Another moment happened just the other day. Last week, as many of you saw (Hilarious Answers: Quiz 1), I gave my first test. Now, the way I catch cheaters is I simply watch during the test and make tiny notches next to names in the roll book. I don’t make a big scene, no scolding, no public humiliation. They don’t know they’ve been caught until they get their test back and it says ” Cheating = -10, No Curve”. After I gave back all the tests I made a list of people that needed to see me after class, the cheaters. They were all shamefully huddled around my desk with their eyes to the floor. I simply told them, “You are all very smart. I know you can do it by yourself. No more cheating. Understand?” And at the notice of my most lost-in-class student’s demeanor, I reached over and tilted her chin up, very cliche-like, with my finger, and said, “Don’t worry, I still like you. I just think you can do better.” BAM, connection made. I don’t now why I did such a cheesy mom-like sort of thing, but I did and everyone giggled and went encouraged about their day.
Reduce your needs, and be content.
when we are present, when we pay attention to the world:
When people ask me how my trip to Ethiopia was, I give them a very general “It was really good. It was eye opening and life changing.” While this statement is true, it just scratches the surface of how I really feel inside about my trip. I hope you don’t have lunch plans cause this could take a while. Just kidding…
Listening to songs like this remind me that looking back (or looking forward) gets me no where. I don't fit in those places. The past cannot hold all I've learned, and the future can only be determined by my Lord.
Inspired by the Montorgueil collection, the Eva clutch is chic, urban and a touch Bohemian. Baptised after the top model, Eva Herzigava, it can be carried by three different ways.
876 ***D-III/13/1984. “On Capital Punishment.” Clarence Darrow Memorial Meeting, Jackson Park and the Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 422-27 (1992).)
Our last day there I was literally counting down the minutes. The best part was seeing an autism study on the "big screen" that proved exactly what I (and so many autism mothers) already knew. Antibiotic treatment can induce severe negative behavior changes in children with autism...please refer to my prior post Regression and a Confession. And it just helped to push me in the right direction...the doctors didn't know. But I knew...without anyone ever telling me, I knew when I saw it, and then the mothers told me...and then my own science told me. The right people have been talking to me all along, and it was time for me to start listening. I need to start trusting my instincts...and trusting the mothers that have forged their own path without waiting for doctors or published science to catch up. But that's a post for another time (and there will be oh so many).
And he passed them out to all of his friends to bring them lots o' good luck!
Renew me Lord. Remind me every day how blessed I am and don't let me take anything for granted. Let the verses below be true about how I live my life every day.
Yes, he meant to do this and for good reason. The performance test proves that a bladesmith understands edge geometry and how to produce tough, flexible blades. Breaking the blades into pieces demonstrates why these knives are so spectacular. What is evidenced in the following picture is extremely fine grain structure produced by the bladesmith during the heat treating process. Making these knives is difficult; the real trick, however, is successfully passing the performance test in the presence of an ABS Master.
Somewhere along the line I forgot,
Then, everyone has a diploma, and its just “Ehhhh, whatever. Degrees are still somewhat important.”
Nietzsche had given up his German citizenship when he took up the teaching position in Basel but did not have Swiss citizenship. From 1880 he lived a wandering, stateless, existence throughout Switzerland, Germany, Italy and France. These nomadic years were the occasion of Nietzsche’s main works, among which are Daybreak (1881), The Gay Science (1882/1887), Thus Spoke Zarathustra (1883–85), Beyond Good and Evil (1886), and On the Genealogy of Morals (1887). Nietzsche’s final active year, 1888, saw the completion of The Case of Wagner (May-August 1888), Twilight of the Idols (August-September 1888), The Antichrist (September 1888), Ecce Homo (October-November 1888) and Nietzsche Contra Wagner (December 1888).
Publisher: How's the edit on that John/Jane Smith book?
Tomatillos: $1.99/lb, 6 tomatillos weighed 7 oz =$.87
The timeline is approximately ten years. By fifty five I should be sitting comfortably in where ever the BBC have relocated to; possibly Emeryville, and presenting my own version of DID. Diary dear diary, please hold me to this, make it happen.
Wednesday: Keema (this sounds interesting... scroll down for recipe...I'll use ground beef and butter instead of lard) served over brown rice couscous or noodles
for the next director general, they said.
4 large
All he wanted was a few days off in Athens. On the heels of several difficult weeks teaching in the coastal cities of northern Greece, the man we’ve all come to know as St. Paul was strongly encouraged, nay, hastily sent on vacation. You see, Paul had stirred up several angry mobs because of the message he proclaimed, and Silas and Timothy decided to stay behind and extend some diplomacy.
What makes this year’s GOP presidential candidates so unremarkable is how oblivious and out of touch they are to today’s America. As these rich, white men focus on impractical ideals like religion, gas prices continue to spiral out of control. As these rich, white men focus on impractical ideals like a war on porn (Mr. Santorum), the rich continue to become richer at the expense of the poorer. As these rich, white men focus on blaming President Obama for this country’s woes, none of them have offered a practical solution to solving these woes. As the face of this nation changes (which it is) and whites eventually no longer enjoy the majority status, can we collectively trust that these rich, white men have this country’s best interests at heart?
Schmidt’s eyes bugged as he strained against the locked door of the corn crib. His wife’s hands formed a tent and covered her mouth as she began to sob.
Here are just a few reasons that line-drying is good:
Londo rushed into the nursery to see the Pookie with one leg going over the crib rail. He put the Pookie's ankle back on the inside of the crib. And then got him out of the crib.
It's a compilation, I don't think we ever played all those songs in one go. That's why the quality is pretty good, it’s selected from lots and lots of material.
I’ve been moving (if you needed to know) from one home to another, and the past couple of months have been spent in the throes of completing a new house and then moving a lifetime of stuff, fluff, dust, dirt and 3 kids. I’d no idea how it would become the all consuming, overwhelming focus of all my energies.
Funny what a week away from the blog does to my head; it's just full of weird crap. I would stick around and share indefinitely but I've got to go. I've got to go get my American boy at French school and it's Day Two. Things probably didn't go well. I will soothe his battered soul with nutella.
Not long ago I was watching a news story about the high unemployment rates for young American military veterans. The percentage was about 12% for those who had recently served in Afghanistan or Iraq, as compared to the approximate 8% unemployment rate for non-military nationwide. One of the reasons given for the higher unemployment rate among former military personnel is the fear surrounding Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Understandably, this discrimination -because that’s what it is- bothered me. It bothered me on many different levels. First of all, it’s unfair to assume that just because someone has served in a war zone, they automatically have PTSD. It doesn’t take a genius to realize the emotional and physical hardships a person goes through when serving in the military, especially if they’ve been deployed to a war zone. But not everyone who’s been through this will develop PTSD. Just as not everyone who has experienced any traumatic or highly stressful event will develop this disorder.
I’m sure my positions on some of these might change down the road. I’d be curious if anyone else out there has considered how they might structure such a course (and what they’d include); and I’d be interested in hearing of works others would teach that I’ve omitted (or haven’t read yet).
The next day, I baked the cake layers using my favorite red velvet recipe from Martha Stewart's "Cupcakes" book, except that I divided the recipe in half and poured the batter into two 6-inch pans instead of a cupcake pan. Once they were baked and cooled, I started assembling my cake.
Since I'm going on a shopping trip on the day I'm posting this and there's a book I may get to read soon, this week's edition may actually be longer than what is below. I'll have to save it for next week if I do, though, because I don't expect to have much time to get this post ready on Sunday and am therefore writing it beforehand.
Shangri-Las Leader of the pack US
The correct policy is, of course, not to allow mass immigration in the first place which would prevent this problem from occurring — but that simple solution is not on the Tory or Labour agenda.
“They’re going to have to explain to me how it is that we are going to avoid a default,” he said. He later said he was confident that a default could be avoided…. – WSJ, 7-22-11
no fact
I can’t forget to set the alarm. Tomorrow’s a workday. I’ll do what I can to help her be ready for work. Oatmeal, coffee, and aspirin set out for breakfast. Cell phone in the briefcase. Keys by the purse. She’ll move slowly, grabbing her head and complaining but I have a system that always gets her in the car and on her way to work by 7:15.
2010. That victory booked his ticket to the Cheltenham Festival in March, 2010 where he took third for the second year in a row, this time behind Copper Bleu in the Listed Jewson Novices’ Handicap Chase. He filled the same berth a month later behind Kempes in the Grade One Growise Champion Novice Chase at Punchestown. The Midnight Club was not seen again until January 28, 2011, when he ran a fine race to finish three quarters of a length second to Siegemaster in the Thyestes Chase at Gowran Park in the colours of new owner Susannah Ricci. Following victory under Paul Townend in the Grade Two Bobbyjo Chase at Fairyhouse on February 23, in which he defeated stablemate Arbor Supreme by a length, he started 15/2 favourite for the 2011 John Smith’s Grand National but after some a big early mistakes and some late interference, he could fare no better than a never nearer sixth. He has had four outings so far this season, faring best on his penultimate appearance when third over an inadequate two and half miles at Clonmel on February 2. Last time out he was a distant ninth behind Synchronised in the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup on March 16.
Adult vervet monkeys are more discriminatory when eliciting alarm calls. Infants and juveniles calls however, are less discriminating as they attribute most terrestrial mammals with leopard calls, flying birds with eagle calls and stick-like figures with snake calls (although, compared to infants, juveniles are more discriminant when making alarm calls). In spite of that, adult vervet monkeys seem to elicit eagle alarm calls to different species of raptors and non-raptors (see illustration below). We can infer that adult vervet monkeys attribute eagle alarm calls to birds with the same silhouette as martial eagles. As vervet monkeys get older, they seem to have a better association between predator species and types of alarm calls. Vervet monkeys generally pay more attention to adult alarm calls than those of juveniles or infants.
“Oh Gary, you know. Jimmy quit, Jody got married. Shoulda known we’ve never get far.”
Cassie Fox lost everything in the chaos of revolution, leaving only a determination to help destroy Napoleon’s empire through her perilous calling. “Rescuing Grey” is merely one more mission. She hadn’t counted on a man with the stark beauty of a ravaged angel, whose desperate courage and vulnerability thaw her frozen heart.
used Behr paint plus primer in Falling Snow, for the first coat.
And the rain’s stopped falling
Your love for gardens is a huge theme in your books. Do you have a favorite plant that no garden should go without?
NXNW is encouraging guests to donate $5 at the door to enjoy the evening’s festivities. Some of Austin’s most popular musical acts will be part of the entertainment line-up.
The animal that is stalking the survivors could have been any number of things that would have made sense, but the filmmakers went with something so out of left field that it doesn't just border on ridiculous, it knocked down those borders and welcomed refugees with open arms. Throughout the running time, we're shown only glimpses of this creature--teeth here, a tail there--because the grand reveal of what this animal really is is part of the shock ending.
Robin ad Suzanne- I will have your boxes in the mail tomorrow-
And then I showed her a picture of Ginny.
Jesus said to him, “You have judged rightly.” Then, turning toward the woman, he said to Simon, “Do you see this woman? I entered your house, you gave me no water for my feet, but she has wet my feet with her tears and wiped them with her hair. You gave me no kiss of greeting, but from the time I entered she has not stopped kissing my feet. You did not anoint my head with oil, but she has anointed my feet with perfumed oil. Therefore I tell you, her sins, which were many, are forgiven, thus she loved much; but the one who is forgiven little loves little.”
sand stirring the friction of forms
born again, you’ve been called into the victory – life, where you reign and
Digital Spy have revealed this week’s ten teasers for the upcoming episode of the fourth series of Being Human, ‘Hold the Front Page’. The episode sees the return of Adam (Craig Roberts), the middle-aged *teenage* vampire who made his debut in Series Three, but he hasn’t come to Honolulu Heights alone…
That being said, it has been a pleasure participating in this experiment with my fellow classmates and I can wholeheartedly say that I will continue conserving water in whatever ways that I can!
Congrats! You're halfway there...and at one of the great milestones of pregnancy. Increased blood flow is making the pelvic area extra-sensitive, libido is resurging, and the weight gain has just barely begun.
As the pace of consolidation and outsourcing accelerated in the last decades of the century we ended up with a situation where the last thing many publishers wanted was contact with end users, the only time they ever thought about the supply chain was when something was going wrong. Even worse, more often than not the publisher thought of their “customer” as another book trade intermediary – a wholesaler, library supplier, chain bookstore or independent bookstore.
So that’s it for this week. Did you swoon over Jake’s declaration as much as I did? Do you feel for Sam, but want him to face reality? Or you ready for Violet/Pete Part VIII? You’ve got my TwoCents, now share your TwoCents, comments, and feedback below!
not your Main Website URL address
at the Marine Corps Show,
But I'm also thrilled. Because this feels like our only chance. And I like chances.
Your love surrounds me, it's everywhere
When I climb on a bike, and can ride just like anyone else, it makes me feel great. I blend in with every other person working out. My metal leg pumps along and the disability aspect of my life evaporates. Sure, people notice my metal, as they walk by, but it doesn’t affect how hard I can push myself.
Yogurt with Attiki Honey and Toasted
he chucked that piece of chalk at jake's head.
1 teaspoon minced garlic
I studied really hard during my days as a student. I was the class president in elementary school and vice-chairman of the student body. I was also vice-chairman in junior high school but I stopped after I got cast in the company because it felt too pressuring. I didn’t rely on earning votes through my looks or anything. I think they voted for me because I was a model student, haha.
I guess I forgot to add a photo of my desk. Keep in mind, it doesn't always look this bad, sometimes it is much worse!
Comment! What are your favorite outdoor activities with your children?
Now, Whitechapel is not renowned as the safest spot to linger on a Saturday night, less so if one is a 22 year old female clad in skimpy tights and “tail” made of a pink feather boa.
Behind every photograph there's a story, especially these pictures i'm listing, photos that represent an entire age or important historycal events, photos that aren't just documents but artworks full of significance.
Look at me, blogging again!
But hey, man. A gig’s a gig, right?
Teaching Life skills
For a lead role in a cage?
I don’t care about your religion, your color, your sexual orientation, or your politics. I don’t care if you are a gay purple person who prays to mud. I don’t care. What I do care about is what kind of person you are. I’m not always going to agree with you, but that doesn’t make either of us evil. Contrary to popular opinion, good people are not limited to straight Christians who go to church every day and twice on Sunday. Reading the Koran instead of the Bible doesn’t make you evil. Being gay doesn’t make you evil. Being Black, White, Hispanic, Asian, or Arabic doesn’t make you evil. Being Republican instead of Democrat doesn’t make you evil. Even being a politician doesn’t make you evil (although they’re closer to crossing the line than the rest of us. That’s a joke.). I care only about whether you’re a good person. Prejudice and bigotry are a whole lot of energy wasted on hate that don’t get you anywhere you really want to be. Why do people feel it’s necessary to hate an entire group of people they’ve never met and know nothing about? We all want the same things: a good job, loving families and the ability to take care of them, a long and fruitful life, and to go someplace good when it’s over. Why does anyone need to denigrate the neighbor who’s a pagan and not a Christian? Why do you need to beat on the guy who likes men? Why do you need to slam the woman who is Chinese? Why do you need to hurt someone because they’re different from you? Why is it so wrong for someone to be different from you?
Attorney General Jack Conway announced today that Kentucky, as required under the 1998 Master Settlement Agreement (MSA) between the major tobacco manufacturers and 52 states and territories, received its annual payment of more than $101.7 million in tobacco settlement money this week.
here are two sets of windows with the handle mechanisms that you wind the windows out and in with. the frames have seen better days... worst case scenario there are 4 double-paned windows that will go into the roof of the greenhouse!
Felicity wanted to believe him, so she did. But the comment had awoken her to at least some of her senses. ‘OK, if you’re being serious- which I’m not sure you are- then tell me what it is you’re talking about. Facts, none of this playful stuff.’
I should make it clear that I have no beef with their actual phone service; it's not like I get a lot of dropped calls or fading signals. It's the customer non-service I'm talking about. Well, that and a few other things...but mainly the non-service.
husband
Entries are being invited under the following three categories:
Though that is where the tale tumbles
John Charles Jenkins, 45, Cambridge, Mass.
you stare at
After Horex went bankrupt in 1960, Münch bought their tooling, and made spares and built Horex specials (such as the tasty cafe racer above). In the quest for more speed, he created a 'relatively' light racing motorcycle using the NSU ohc four-cylinder engine, weighing in at around 480lbs total, and giving good performance. The frame was based on a Norton Featherbed, as were all his subsequent chassis. The first proper 'Mammut' (Mammoth) was built in 1966, with 996cc and 55hp, which gave good performance for the day at 115mph or so. It used a very large (250mm) magnesium front drum brake which Munch had originally developed for racing Nortons. The new machine was a sensation for its speed and impressive scale, and Munch pursued the idea of series production.
Some films are about the fantastic. The performances in them are based on the audience’s need for connection. But in any drama there is a need for something else. You might call it an artistic distance. For films where the actors need to “become” the characters, there will always be something about the performance that is different, in an uncomfortable way.
‘Everybody was told “stimulus, stimulus, stimulus”,’ he says — referring to the EU, IMF and the alphabet soup of agencies urging a global, debt-fuelled spending splurge. Borg, an economist, couldn’t work out how this would help. ‘It was surprising that Europe, given what we experienced in the 1970s and 80s with structural unemployment, believed that short-term Keynesianism could solve the problem.’ Non-economists, he says, ‘might have a tendency to fall for those kinds of messages’.
For now, I'll have to take it one run at a time and hope for the best for the NYC Half. Unprepared seems to be the name of the game these days. It might not be pretty, but as long as I keep moving in the right direction I'll eventually make it. Wish me luck with that one.
David seems to think so, because today he wrote this to me:
I hope your week has started out to be a good one.Please bear with me as I try to learn this new Blogger.Hopefully I will soon get all the new features.
They left for a bit so I could rest and Adam was coming back to help me have my first shower once he had taken them both home. Amber slept for a good 2.5hours solid and I managed to doze a little as well and by the time Adam came back, I was a lot calmer and ready to attempt getting out of bed.
As for slums, we in the modern era would consider anything, apart from the major public buildings, from the Victorian era and before to be slums. The Victorians did invent the modern sewer system but had to contend with cobbled streets reeking of manure. Muddy, open-sewered roads were the order of the day before that.
…some persons were driven to that terrible distress as to search the
I messed up and now I am going to pay for it.
2 pounds (12 to 15 count) shrimp
Bennett: Actually, as of right now, Rain Over Battle is the only music project any of us have going. Going to different schools does make things difficult, but in some ways it is also kind of cool because on those occasions where we do get a chance to meet up somewhere for a weekend and play a show, we never take it for granted and make the best out of every show we play and just go wild.
Pretty soon I'll be comparing meds and etc with other people...:P
You may now see the threat to your jobs, but what about the threats to your culture, your saftey amd your children's future, which, until now you have ignored?.
How can people promote these influences?
innovations will begin to make a positive difference in the delivery of care.
Whilst their numbers grow, ours are shrinking, taken across the western world this has led to the loss of potential lives among those of European origin greater than any previous world war and previous natural disaster other than possibly the black death in the 14th Century, and certainly greater than any previous genocide.
This particular day started out like any other and I had no inkling what was to come. As was our habit, we arrived a bit early so that we could meet up with the other kids in our gang and hang out for a few minutes and catch up on the gossip before school. We had gotten out of the car and started walking toward the entrance of the wing our lockers were in when I realized I'd left some homework in the car and had to go back after it. My friend went ahead on in to meet the rest of our group.
Hair:- E35. 31. YR20. Clothes:- BV31. 23. 25. B000. 00. 02. Umbrella:- BV31. 23. 25. Blender Pen. Boots:- BV29. 25. 23. B02. 00. 000. Grounding:- BG96. 93. YG91. 95. Skin:- E13. 02. 01. 000. R20. (I tried out some new tones here, as I wanted a slightly more ‘peachy’ effect. And I’m really happy with the colour I acheived. Smiles.)
Let me know your thoughts and opinions.
Cue the angels singing. (I almost wrote “angels signing” – which would be OK too.)
Lettuce are doing well, as are the spuds – dug my first root of Mayan Gold I got at the BOG potato day, however will need to leave then another couple of weeks me thinks. Pak Choi have been brilliant and has not bolted yet – need to get some more germinating!
And last but not least: What can be said about this? This is South Korea for you!!
Whenever I face fear, stress, or crisis, I am taken back to the days of my childhood to a hot Saturday afternoon in West Texas. I grew up on a ranch outside a little town in West Texas in the 1960’s. Houses had porches and front yards, and in the evening people visited with each other, read, or perhaps took walks or worked in the garden.
My spirits are high and the general pain from the op has started to reduce and I can honestly say that life is starting to get back to normal.
Well...hello again, my lovelies!! I've been a busy little mama . . . or in my case, grand-mama!! Still recovering from vacay...and trying to shake the nasty cold I've managed to catch!! I've decided that I won't get rid of it until I give it away! Any volunteers? Nah . . . I thought not! Well, let's talk about my new card for this week's cool challenge at Mo's DP2 Challenge Blog, shall we? Our hostess this week, Sheila, is actually taking a bit of a break for health reasons. But, she did give us a cool "Bingo" card to use for this week's challenge . . . soooooooooooooo . . . let's play . . .
As our forces appear to be winning the firefights in Afghanistan, does he expect those who oppose our troops there and in other theatres to revert to the use of improvised explosive devices? If so, what vehicles are our forces to be equipped with to counter the threat?The answer then was a classic in studied complacency. Defence minister Adam Ingram responded:
We are happy to announce that CSN Stores has offered to sponsor a giveaway for our readers so you can purchase a few new items for your dining room. In case you aren't familiar with their stores...they offer everything from modern dining room furniture to flatware, dishes, serving bowls, candles and napkins. The winner will receive a $65 gift code to use in any of CSN's 200+ online stores for ANY merchandise they sell.
And I felt relieved! It was amazing to see their family. To get to part of their day-to-day as a friend, but to not be pregnant, to not be the one making their dreams true, to just be a treasured friend. It was so perfectly right that the babies didn't know me, and that Tor was shy with me.
(3) Band-aids: Your comfortable shoes may not be so comfortable after a day of marching, so bring band-aids in case of blisters.
Birgisson
They are both enormously successful. They are both conscientiously committed to innovation.
Don Pentecost, DRP-FB-56 Alternative-Renewable
What about cohabitation? “More than 40 percent of U.S. children now spend time in a cohabiting household. They are much more likely to experience a parental breakup than children of married couples.” Cohabitation has been widely criticized for its negative effects on children, but are these effects based in a lack of commitment, and is that discrepancy reflected in the drawn-out duration of contemporary relationships?
Most antebellum Southern houses had the same floor plan upstairs and down: a central hallway with two rooms to the left and two rooms to the right. This plan initially evolved due to economic and climatic conditions.
"Those competing brands are not gone, but their American factories and the American jobs they created are," Wells said. "Since our beginning - and especially since its complete ownership of the company in 2002 - it has been our pledge to continue producing quality, American-made china and provide jobs for potters of the Ohio Valley. We see this move as a continuation of that pledge."
Double Ribbon Punch
So, we got our ticket, parked the car and started walking...and walking...and walking. I kept looking at the guys and smiling and saying, "I'm sure it's just up ahead! Isn't this fun?" After awhile, it wasn't so fun. There is a reason they call Chicago "The Windy City." It was cold. And windy. And snowy. Finally, I started apologizing. Ok...I should have looked more into the parking situation. I said, "Hey! There is a 7-11. I'll just go on in and ask for directions! You just wait here and I'll be right back!" I go in and asked the kind man inside where the Cadillac Palace was. He said, "just go out, turn right and it's right there." Um, yeah...I go outside and see the signs for "Wicked Parking". I sheepishly smiled at my guys and said, "Look! We're so close! It's right over there!" I think by this time they were thinking, "No $h!t, Shirlock!"
Primus: Bob
12. The Milkshakes - Love Can Lose
Those of my readers who remember how the WTO talks at Cancun in 2003 crashed and burned may have experienced deja vu when the climate talks at Copenhagen in 2009 did exactly the same thing. The resemblance is not accidental. In the years leading up to the Copenhagen climate talks, the US and its allies argued that it was necessary to replace the Kyoto protocols of 1997 – which mostly restricted carbon emissions from the industrial nations – with a new set that would apply to industrializing countries as well. This was fair enough in the abstract, but the devil was in the details: in this case, the quotas that would place China, India, and other industrializing nations at a permanent disadvantage, and grandfather in the much higher per capita carbon emissions of the United States, Europe and Japan.
Step 2: Once the inbox is full, the girls and I go through the inbox together to decide what to do with each project. My girls are only 3 so we do not have an overwhelming amount of arts & crafts just yet but I know it is only beginning so how to decide what to keep, what to give away and what to (gasp!) throw away!
A translator for Nisargadatta Maharaj for many years.
Back in January I had a radio interview with Ken Lambert about figures within Christian history. The overall agreement within this interview was simply “Christians need to know their history and some of the people within it better“. Part of this thought comes from the statistical fact in which many say they dislike studying history; though I think math’s still considered the worst. Although this is in regard to general history, it is arguable many Christians don’t even know much about some of the figures who had affected their present spiritual lives. Because of this fact, Ken Lambert and others cowrote and published this book.
Likewise, your promo tweets need to sound like you. They need to match your voice because that's how you brand your tweets. The problem is, you only get 140 characters and you have to include certain information so it's a non-stop balancing act. The good news is there are "rules" for structuring a headline and they can be applied to structuring a promo tweet.
The funny thing is, Sprout's just fine if I go completely away - get in the van and drive off. It's only when she knows I'm home but not in the room with her that she takes exception. Funny little monkey.
Yes it has been well over a month since my last post, but the question is not where I've been, but where am I going?
France has only one very broad test for infringement which includes making adaptations and is general enough to encompass not just unchanged copying but cases where “characteristic and original elements” have been taken.
“I know Carson didn’t practice his guitar tonight, but he had three pages of homework and baseball practice and then had to go to his sister’s choral concert. Let's give him a break.”
1 Cup Raisins or other dried fruit of choice
Either way, it’s over now. I’m confident I passed – my first question wasn’t atrocious, and I think I answered the second one well – but my marks over the year have been good enough that I should pass the module by having written my exam in English.
I added lots of butterflys which as Martha Stewart punch i love these punches i dont know why i waited so long to buy them!!!
For years, multi-million-dollar lawsuits have failed to force local police departments to discourage knee-jerk uses of tasers, much less discipline officers who electrocute people who are sick, mentally ill, rude or plain innocent.
New research by environmental neuroscientists at the University of Utah and the University of Kansas indicates that hiking does more than just improve your health, it also makes you smarter. This according to an article in the May issue of Backpacker Magazine. The researchers involved in this study hypothesize that exposure to nature causes significant, measurable changes to the brain. Changes that allow clearer thinking, increased ability to focus, while also allowing the opportunity to function at one’s highest cognitive ability.
In a mixing bowl, cream butter and confectioners' sugar. Add vanilla and food coloring. Gradually add flour; mix well.
Programs include annual Heritage Walks; the African American Heritage Trail; the Upper Housatonic Valley Experience, a teachers' immersion program in the region's history, culture, environment and economy; the Performing Arts Heritage Trail, which includes a wealth of arts venues and heritage sites; and the Iron Heritage Trail, which includes sites relating to iron manufacturing, one of the area’s most important industries from the 18th century through the early 1920s.
6 years later, and there’s no Made in Canada solution to climate change, as I predicted very easily. There are plenty of Made in America excuses, however. And as our society focuses on technologies that are designed to benefit the oil and coal industries, we shortchange innovation in renewable energy technology. The UofR has more than 12,000 students, yet it has one VAT windmill in testing mode on its ~18 buildings, and zero production solar panels that I’m aware of. Yet it’s a world leader in CCS research. Could it be the Conservatives and Sask Party are content pretending that they are investing millions into Big Oil and Coal’s “clean energy”, while their investment will be totally useless to private [and crown] industry producing electricity?
- pre heat the oven to 170C
If you’re lucky at all, it’ll be before noon
We must learn to bring our energy and focus into the here and now, for creative solutions to our problems can only emerge in the present moment. Of all spiritual practices, those that help us remain in present time are likely to be the most productive toward our growth and awareness. Though it is a challenging lesson, any progress at all toward residing in the here and now is significant and helpful. Here are some suggestions for improving your ability to dwell in the present moment:
and anything
Today's post is a follow on from the last and a continuation of our day out in Brighton. So I showed you The Lanes and today I share with you another of this seaside town's famous attractions - The Brighton Pier.
Also, for those of you wanting to be forwarded my emails, comment with your email on this blog or on my FB and my adorable and extremely delightful sister, Brianna, will forward them to you. For now, here is my MTC address if you want to write. Hopefully my FB will be updated with my current address depending on what area I am in. :) Love you all and see you in 18 months!!! Over and out.
Medicine is called a practice for a reason. Every patient is different. Every test result and symptom different. Rarely are there ever absolutes, and verdicts like this assume that there can be.
I tend to flutter about from one thing to the next, like a butterfly does as she flutters from flower to flower. I am just like that. I find the flowers and I flutter about thinking, 'Oh, this pink one is divine! I must sit here for a while. Oh? What's that? A purple flower! Oh, I love that one! Let me go sit there for a while. But wait, look at that lovely white flower...ooooo...I want to go over there!"
Take Norway, which is not know for complex or flamboyant dishes. It’s a small country on top of the world, and it still has one of the world’s most homogenous populations. Due to its position far north, it has not been blessed with a climate which produces a great variety of ingredients. History has also played its part. The lack of splendid royal courts or influx of distant cultures has never provided the Norwegian food culture with the array of influence, such as in for example Austria or Brazil. Hence the food culture has developed along a more basic but substantial line. With few but robust ingredients, put together in a homely manner. Still, Norwegian chef’s have excelled by winning numerous prizes in culinary competitions, by combining their culinary cultural background with the modern world’s wide variety of ingredients.
That was the other issue. The marshmallows like to dissolve if cooked the full time it takes to bake the cookie. So success was found halfway through the baking process when I flipped the trays and added the marshmallows to the half-baked cookies.
Here’s the Thailand take on Japanese sushi. 5/10 Baht each. Didn’t get to try it, but they look so cute. Reminded me of a toy sushi set I had as a kid.
Confectioner’s sugar
By the way, in keeping up with the 21st century, there is now a version of the Ouija board for the iPhone or iPod-Touch – and, just for reference, it works on exactly the same principle as the original: the ideomotor effect, no “spirits” required.
2. Please keep in mind that these outfits/projects are supposed to reflect a certain theme or costume in an outfit I would actually wear. You will see a lot of the same things that I love- jeans, elastic waist skirts, tee shirts, hoodies- because these are supposed to be influences on style not costumes. And they have to be outfits I would actually wear outside. So please remember that.
After this entire experience, I feel like I have finally taken the running leap off the cliff. I feel like I have finally hurled myself as far away as my speed and energy will allow me and my landing will be a bit of a splash but surfacing is now something I can do my way and on my time.
Did I only post today in order to share one of my favorite bands with you? No, I didn’t. I actually wanted to mark this day for future reference as THE DAY WE REMOVED THE BROODER FROM THE GARAGE. That’s right – the chicks, who will be seven weeks old tomorrow, are now tenting it in the backyard. Given the projected warmer temperatures this coming week, the chickens have been officially moved to the coop, and I dumped the extremely poopy pine shavings into the composter. No more chicken-stank garage!
Pause. "O, fuck off!" door slams.
Let me end with the two opening lines of a poem by Tagore that I have known – in his own English translation – since I was eleven years old. It was one of our school prayers and it expresses his aspirations for India.
So it was for high school Barry. His past collides with his future. Barry, discovering his birth certificate amongst sequestered documents. Discovering his Muslim identity – and the name of his biological father.
“I’ll go with him through the garden” – I don’t think we realize exactly which garden – maybe we’re thinking Bellingrath Gardens?
Style: English Bitter
Later on when we ate the cake, the frosting was still silky but didn't have the same 'whipped cream' taste. Perhaps because it had hardened in the fridge, or because smoothing it on the cake made it more compact, but it had a much more buttery taste than when it was freshly whipped.
For long trips, like the one home, I have started doing vocal warm ups (and cursing the fact that you can’t stand while singing in the car causing your breath support to suck and making those high notes in ‘Don’t Stop Believing’ nearly impossible to hit with a full voice). These warm ups accomplish two helpful things:
But this still doesn't answer, what the hell is Samara and why is she so powerful?!
I have spent weeks planning and dreaming, worrying and imagining.
We walked around the whole place and checked the measurements of any self that looked a tiny bit promising. There was a DVD shelf that would fit, but there definitely wasn't enough room for the amount of canned goods we have. Then there was a wall mounted 7-shelf unit that would fit, but we weren't sure how it would handle the weight of so many canned foods. We noted the numbers to pick it up, in case we didn't find anything else, and continued on our way.
weight gained since my return back home.
You’ll remember a year or so back the net was abuzz with talk of a worldwide hop shortage. The kind folks at Boston Beer were helping out some of their smaller competitors in the craft beer industry and it was a wonderful time for all, I’m sure. Fact of the matter is, from what I’ve heard, the hop shortage was somewhat overblown but tell that to a guy who’s paying nearly $1,500 for a box of pelletized hops – to say nothing of the fellow who has to pay for whole buds - the real thing. Well now it seems there's a whole new shortage to contend with.
the 4 ay-em
For example, the Washington Consensus stress on healthy and strong financial system, have seen here in Thailand, savings rates at about 3.5% and lending rate at about 8.5%. The result of that Thailand’s banks have become the darling of global investors now for years and years, as investors, is nearly guaranteed to see a strong return from bank stocks.
2. We both eat and use the products of our animals so it can't be called something fibre farm because that implies only harvesting wool... Besides, chickens don't have fibre.
braai for peace of mind, character building and the adventure of the
Customer reviews and ratings of Leviton AECCS-VCE Architectural Edition Powered By JBL Dual 5-Inch Woofer Two-Way Shelf-Mount Center Channel Loud Speaker, Black are available in the merchant’s website, check it by click on the link below.
I am so behind in writing about your first few weeks. There are so many moments I don't want to forget, but it seems like even during the times you're napping during the day, all I want to do is cuddle and watch you sleep. So another photo bomb post will just have to do for now :)
Dionne: but this isn’t about a bunch of men
“And how did the latest persecution affect you?”
Ki helped me pick flowers to put in my vase then he got started making dinner. I ws going to make dinner myself, but I had told him my plan for dinner and he thought it ws fun, so he got to work on getting things ready. I was getting hungry I guess. So we both did our part to create tonight's dinner:
The albums turned Emilíana into something of a megastar in Iceland, albeit an accidental one. Her first trip into the studio was with the intent of recording just a few songs for her dad’s fiftieth birthday, but the power of her voice shocked her producers into making the whole of Crouçie D’où Là. “I had no idea about making records, so for me it was just like a discovery,” she says.
For a great and effective door has opened to me. —1 Corinthians 16:9
When we took the line 6, the aerial one, and accordionist came in too, playing the same songs, again and again. So cliché. The funny thing, and so, the picture I miss, is that during the musical moment, the sub took the aerial way, nobody was actually looking through the window, and so, I said to Will "turn around and look". And Will turned into some kind of kid in a toy store, watching the Eiffel Tower and hearing the french accordion music !
Where do I start with this one? I basically loved everything about it. Surprise, huh? Seeing as I’ve been tweeting about it every 10 seconds for the last 72 hours. The only thing that sucks about The Disciple Program is figuring out where to start with its awesomeness.
Reorganizations often fail. New BCG research has uncovered six critical success factors that can dramatically flip a company’s odds of reorganization success.
Pandering will sink us, will weaken our foundations and our unique culture; a culture of tolerance yet of logic, of equality but also of independence.
Saying Bismillah before doing anything good or doing deeds, charity, eating, etc is an easy way to mention Allah’s name. Here are a few examples of when to say Bismillah:
LMP2 class: Sports prototypes with ca. 440 hp and a 900 kg minimum weight.
The answer to this is the ‘Delayed Foot’ walk. This is where, as the person arriving at 90 degrees steps in front of you, your leading foot hovers for a split second before continuing it’s journey into the space recently occupied by your fellow commuter. This action avoids the alternative which is the Tap Tackle, as practiced on the rugby field (legally) and the football field (illegally).
To begin with, the soft white looks simply gorgeous on Emma. I love the classic, retro shape of the dress. The belted waist and the length of the sleeves were just perfect. There is a sweetness in this look. My favourite aspect of this dress, are the incredible details. The pleating on the skirt, the flowers, and design throughout the gown are just breathtaking.
The Guardian understands that initial ballistics tests on a bullet, found lodged in a police radio worn by an officer during Thursday's incident, suggested it was police issue – and therefore had not been fired by Duggan.
So much of my time is spent out-thinking customers. I'll pre-call to confirm arrangements. I'll draw maps and make drive-bys to point out a place I can safely stop. I'll even park up the limo and follow people so I know where they are - drunks are prone to foxing innocent drivers by claiming to not know where they are.
The issue of expanding the permanent committee was seen as key to the fate of the "Development Agenda" a proposal discussed earlier in the week for ensuring developing countries have the flexibilities and benefits they need from the international intellectual property system. The next meeting is June 20 to 22, followed by an unspecified three-day meeting in July.
For the toffee sauce
My lovely hubbie has had a couple of days off which has been frankly fantastic! It has meant that I have been able to malinger a bit with a shiny new copy of Country Living and several cups of tea, and he has spent some time doing fun science projects with the children. Ok so the house is suffering a bit, but when your feeling a bit pants you don't really care!
It's OK that I enjoy grocery shopping.
5 caught
The little toy bear and bunny peeking out from the cut out quote and frame, are from Danish Tilda. Once again silver "25" from American Crafts. Little white liquid pearls dotted around the cut out "Christmas".
That no one even cared,
Loek van der Knaap: Guitars
I was forever playing at being Luke & saving the galaxy.
Today I say a prayer for mothers everywhere. The ones who wipe noses and hineys. Kiss boo-boos and heads. And yes, even the ones who teach their children to drive, and when it's time allow them to pull off without them. I pray for the mothers who have been promoted, grandmothers. Grandmothers so loving swoop in to fill in the rough places we mothers sometimes miss. They keep us mothers encouraged as they walk along side us raising our children. Even still I ask a special prayer for birth mothers who have given a piece of themselves. I pray for us adoptive moms as we protect and nourish the seed that has been in trusted to us. And again I thank God for using all these things together to make me the mother I am today. :)
A: Alessandro Gassman
Because he was dead, "Peaceful at last..."
Ink: Alabaster Chalk Ink (Colorbox); Memento Tuxedo Black (Tsukineko)
-Bib occurence: low
I smile again, cough again.
I hope you like these!! Thanks for stopping by!
Sorghum
1872-1921
Fine Carpentry - Dan Young Construction
“But most published work is about the health effects on users,” she said. “There is very little there about secondhand exposure.”
Betty starts laughing more loudly and pours herself her own drink.
4. French Toast: wouldn’t stay together. Smell and taste couldn’t be hidden.
Before the dinner, there were the usual small chat, photo sessions and greetings with relatives and friends.
The current will do the rest.
Let me pause here to say, that of everyone in the hospital that day, this technician was the only person who was insensitive, heartless and cold. In the documents I received prior to the examinations that day, it was said that I could ask the technician for results of the examinations, and that she would be able to reveal them in a limited way.
Mona, astride her lover, arched, thrusting her breasts high into the air. Her long, auburn hair cascaded in glorious curls down her back. Beneath her, Jared could see the feet and legs of a man, his feet braced on the bed, large hands cupping her buttocks. As he thrust up, Mona writhed and breathed out throaty encouragements. Neither of them reacted right away when Jared tossed the wrapped gift over Mona’s shoulder.
So, I saw another great idea from Teacher Tipster about using transparent bunny eggs (found at Dollar tree, three for $1) and dice to create math sentences.
I’ve told you that our son is in Shanghai, trying to learn Mandarin.
I've also decided to join in the fun of Judy's 2012 UFO Challenge. Not only will this help me finish up some of my projects, but maybe it will help the weekly Stash Report too! A girl can dream right?
27 With the dynamic text field still selected, go again to the Property inspector and give it an Instance name: call it guessWord_txt.
For a chance at a RAK for a Fiskars scissors then become a follower and leave a comment.
Our dogs Maile and Wilco (members of our family and loved so much!)
Chassis: VJM05-04
The final step is to purposely agitate sediments which causes the oil to be released and rise to the water surface. There it can be trapped with booms and removed. Work is focused on areas at Ceresco Dam, Morrow Lake and Mill Pond
Right now all i want to blog about is how starting this second i'm on a serious all-you-can't-eat diet. that doesn't make sense, actually. my brain is done, too full of fried foods and booze. point being, my friend Corbo's (click her name to check her blog, yo) and I are going to do some drastic de-toxing for a while.
This same source revealed that, “Having imbibed much mead, brave Eric didst cry out unto his rival, Andrew, saying ‘Woebetide, sirrah! Thy words offendeth mine ear! Have at thee!’”
There is clearly a war of words, or better yet, semantics, going on between the various industry players. For instance, GIA recently announced that it would begin issuing manufactured diamond grading reports. This pleased the manufacturers, until they discovered that GIA would use the word “synthetic” to describe manufactured diamonds rather than their preference for “man-made.” GIA also stated its labs would laser-inscribe the word “synthetic” on the girdle of every manufactured diamond it grades. And if this wasn’t humiliating enough, GIA’s synthetic diamond reports would be printed on distinctive yellow paper.
Demasduit was a Beothuk woman who is thought to have been about 23 years old when she was captured near Red Indian Lake in March 1819.
It was only a fleeting glimpse...as I write this post, the clouds have turned grey, the temp is cool and we're expecting a lot of rain the next couple days. As much as Luci wants to lounge around in her bathing suit all day, we've had to trade that in for sweats!
specifically represented symbolically.
"You is kind, you is smart, you is important." -The Help
It is the sort of thinking we've come to expect, sort of bonehead dumb solutions to everything. No jobs? Start your own business... because no one has dibs on that part of the market and you can just jump right in and put a JoeMart next to the Walmart and become a billionaire! Solve issues with public schools by sending everyone to private schools, and while you're at it close down the state colleges and universities and send EVERYONE to Harvard! I'm sure they can handle 17 million incoming freshmen every semester!
"The Little Prince" by Antoine St. Exupery*
Saameira: Oh no! Imtithal! Don’t do it! I’m so sorry! I did not mean to do whatever I did!
monday with tate.
Second stop ~ Connecticut, where we were happily snowed in for a day, enjoying the company of some good friends (drinking wine and eating fondue into the wee hours).
The Impact
By then, Joe is usually home. We are either talking, shopping, attempting sex, or passed out like zombies, numb from the day’s activities.
Thanks for reading in 2011, let's hope we all survive 2012. It's a bit Dickian, this whole thing about a Mayan doomsday prediction for this year, right?
Death company with Rhino
Besides building 5 tangible files, there are other ways to build information on our topics in our day and age. 5 folders on our computers, 5 Pinterest boards….oh, I have lots of ideas that we will touch on throughout the month!
“Wait!”
At the end of ’67, the show introduced its first time-travel storyline, in which Vicky Winters was sent back (by a séance) to 1795, before Barnabas was a vampire. At that time he intended to marry his beloved Josette (Kathryn Leigh Scott), but was cursed for eternity by seductive witch Angelique (Lara Parker). After Barnabas' “origin story” ended, the show quickly went into horror-overdrive, introducing a Frankenstein plot, a werewolf saga, The Turn of the Screw, a gypsy curse, Druid-like figures, and a plague that wiped out the Collins family.
I am a born traveler. I am convinced that even if I did not start now, I would have found my calling later on. I love travel for many different reasons and clearly the endless possibility for adventure has stolen my heart. It is in the still moments, the mundane, the tram rides, the nighttime walks home, the laughs shared with my housemates, and even times when I am so frustrated that all I can do is turn on music and dance that I really appreciate travel and change.
And that’s as far as I’m planning ahead. Because we all know where plans go–down the toilet.
What I need to do now is imagine what being 90 is like to inspire me at 60. At 90, 60 would be an envious youth, and a 90’s mind would know how I wasted my time in my 60’s.
Bloody or Bloody Hell = shocked or surprised at some unforeseen circumstances.
1/4 tsp grouind cloves
Menma: I really know I’ve kept her feeling very very sad for long years because of me. I don’t want to make her cry, remind her of me any more!
For one Marine, that wasn't enough, so he did even more. "The night before Cody passed, he stood guard at Cody's door at the hospital all night long for eight hours straight,"
Here was the bedrock issue. The only reason for such unbelief was a failure to comprehend God’s ability to work in and through us. This means there was a break down in our comprehension of what God can do through men. For most, the question has never been, “what can God do?” Everyone believes and knows God can do anything. We must personalize that question. “At my current faith level, what can God do through me? Do I personally believe God will powerfully move through me to others?”
So while it seems any commercial company can throw money to an arts body to buy things and pay talent, there is so much more in this case …
I needed this exercise, I've been busy formatting, compiling and converting MY ZOMBIE DOG into a Kindle book this week. It's been very educational for me, but my brain was techno-fried. In my next post I'll share what I learned and some links for formatting ebooks.
July 24 – Columbia, MD @ Merriweather Post Pavilion
Kaua'i is filled with so much history and culture that it can feel overwhelming. If you can look past the stunning vistas and awesome natural wonders, you'll discover the rich heritage of the Hawaiian people. With 10 miles and 5 million years of history, I knew that hiking the Koloa Heritage Trail would be a highlight of my Kaua'i visit. The sites are scattered over the island so it actually took me three days to see most of the monuments. The first was Spouting Horn Park, above. Early Hawaiians called blowhole puhis and an ancient legend chronicles the story of a giant lizard or mo'o that got caught in the puhi, shooting waves skyward as he struggled to escape. You can see the start of the spouting water in the photo above.
I got one personality split from mine
Combine 1/2 cup of the watermelon juice, the sugar and salt in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar has dissolved, stirring occasionally. Remove the pan from the heat and add the mixture to the remaining 2 1/2 cups of watermelon juice. Stir in the lime juice and vodka.
I don't remember where I found the giraffe template, but I drew the lion myself.
I've worked in the mortgage industry for 7 years. It's been a roller coaster ride - when I first got into it in 2004, it was a very different world. I have been laid off from six mortgage companies in the past 7 years - usually because the company was going out of business. Then I started working for The Very Big Bank. I thought to myself, "Finally! A company I can retire from someday. When I finish my degree in marketing, I can transfer within the company, and I never have to worry about them closing their doors." I was dedicated and loyal and worked my butt off.
For those of you a litter newer to IHeart Organizing, The Borrowed Abode is the blog of a not-so-plain girl named Jane, who's on a quest to make her rented house a personalized home. Whether she's busy creating landlord-friendly decor solutions, organizing closets, refashioning old clothes, or building her own furniture, she's having a blast and sharing her adventures in DIY-ing. And she's doing it all while trying to make the world a better place, through simplifying, upcycling, and shopping for fair trade goods.
PG&E Corporation, Alternative Energy, Deals By Year, 2006 to YTD 2012 6
Todays Projects are Altered Cans:
Do you adore the green grass, with its terror beneath?
The politicians and attorneys would scurry away like cockroaches, scared of the light, and actually afraid of being in power. Only an honest man would take on a public position such as this. And the opportunistic slime who currently inhabit the bureaucracy of the Federal Government would quickly crumble and fade away.
Before we talk too much about what Unparenting is, let's make sure we know what parenting is.
I am a wife, daughter, aunt, and friend. Photographer by day....dreamer by night. My husband gets to hear all about my crazy dreams and he thinks I need to record and share them. I thought what better way to do that than to blog. I keep my journal by my bed and then attempt to make sense of them later. Like any dreamer some can be remembered like it happened in real life while others make sense in our heads but is hard to put the story into human words.
They can be pillows,
"The teaching of Aboriginal legends should be as much a part of formal instruction, for both white and black, as the teaching of English and Mathematics. The government policy has been cultural assimilaton - Bible studies instead of legends".
"Mama..... How do the clouds stay in the sky"??
Addison had run away as fast as her feet would carry her, taking off her heels so she could run faster. She shoved open the patio doors and took off outside, her haste catching the eyes of a few vampires sitting outside. They took off after her thinking she was a meal trying to escape.
On the other hand, avoid pitching offline actions that take a bit more effort to complete. For example, if you want people to buy, include a Buy button rather than a message such as, “click here to email someone to find out how to buy” since this requires a more lengthy, or offline, follow up.
he gave a mischievous wink and shoved her into the center of mankind
There are of course many cases of irresponsible journalism but in my opinion, there is nothing more tragic than innocuous misogynistic media portrayals that lead directly or indirectly to gross miscarriages of justice.
BM: I love that: the rebel who grows broccoli! Now what about winners?
So where, along the way, did it become acceptable for fans of one lot of eleven people who kick a ball to mock the tragedies of another?
But the researchers also noted large variations in how states and school districts define which students are English-language learners and when they have reached the point of proficiency.
Please, add your own tips, comments, ideas, "shannon you're full of shit"'s, etc in the comments :)
Kenner action-figures let us get up-close and personal with a select few cantina regulars, and also provided their names (only Greedo is called by name in the film). Aside from Greedo, just three aliens made the cut, with names that would have looked right at home on a B-monster movie marquee: Hammerhead, Walrusman and Snaggletooth.
25. Overture to The Phantom of the Opera - Erich Kunzel/Cincinnati Pops Orch.
Although some may be happy with the new iPhone’s substantial internal hardware boosts, the new device’s biggest selling point is actually a software feature called Assistant. As we first revealed, Assistant is Apple’s Siri-inspired, system-wide voice navigation system. It so far appears that iPhone 4 and iPhone 3GS users will be left out in the fun, unfortunately, because the feature requires the A5 CPU and additional RAM.
I choose no longer to compromise with my undeveloped potential.
Jamie was not someone who opened up easily or complained about his home life and I still don’t know many details. Most of what we did together was laugh. Sometimes you just click with someone and it’s so easy. I wish now that I’d perhaps taken the job a little more seriously, although Jamie claims it would not have worked that way.
When i was in primary 1-3, my grandparents bought me some kueh and cooked a pot of milo with eggs.
Michael has a particular affection for journalists, especially those who used to bring in review copies of books over the years.
Just a km down the road from Litchfield Café there is a Winter Solstice celebration party weekend festival sort of thing on at the moment. Heaps of DJs from Darwin and Adelaide and around the place are there. It officially started on Saturday but on Friday night they must have had something going on cos we could hear the doof doof music from the café (and from our caravan!) We are so used to the peace and quiet of an evening that I have to say I kind of resented the noise even though it was no louder than you’d hear in town if the people down the street had a party (and much much quieter than the teenager next door at Port ever was!)
And then it all made sense.
the ones where i am more alone and more found than ever.
The 70-year-old doctor was charged with conspiring to kill Lee Abraham following a bizarre weekend incident in which two men suspected of planning to murder the lawyer showed up at his office, according to authorities and court documents. State agents who’d been tipped off to a possible murder-for-hire plot were waiting and gunfire broke out.
AUG. Now He has aptly compared the dropsical man to an animal which has fallen into a ditch, (for he is troubled by water,) as He compared that woman, whom He spoke of as bound, and whom He Himself loosed, to a beast which is let loose to be led to water.
in the forget
The guy clipped a mic onto Jay and had him state who he was, that this was his first SEFF, and then he had to explain about his MiG and what was so great about it. Jay did a really good job. I was so proud of him! Not everybody at the show was interviewed, so this was really a great thing for Jay.
The MIL left right on schedule on Friday morning and because Cleo had a rough night and ended up in bed with me, I was able to sleep through her entire departure. D.G. and I had some less than pleasant discussions about the visit (I admit I hid out in our room or C.S.'s whenever she needed to nurse/nap and for once was completely happy about how frequently she wants to nurse.) but we are both tired of being stressed about a someone who is only in our lives due to obligation so we will ignore the subject for a good long while.
MacTarnahan's Summer Grifter™ is a limited edition IPA for the summer whose cunning malt taste and hefty hop aroma will steal your attention and disappear in a wink! It's unique and thought provoking packaging depicts a mysterious character known by our brewers simply as "Clem", and who's haunting stare is just intriguing enough to make you want to know a little more. Summer Grifter IPA, is a deliciously wayward ale, lurking wherever thirsts gather!A grifter is a confidence man--someone who lures you in with the promise of riches. First, you have to pony up some cash, and then of course he's gone. It's a terrible name for a beer, leading one to think that he's a sucker for putting his $8 on the line for a sixer. Of course, it's not a sucker's bet. It's fine. Just clean, forgettable beer.
Thank you so much for watching!
The Kaiser Permanente Division of Research invites applications for a full-time, limited term Staff Scientist position to join a vibrant research team focused on identifying genetic and environmental risk factors for autism spectrum disorders, and understanding patterns of detection, diagnosis, and utilization of health services for ASD. The Staff Scientist will work in collaboration with Dr. Lisa Croen, Sr. Research Scientist and Director of the Autism Research Program. The staff scientist will be expected to analyze data, write papers, prepare grant proposals and help coordinate a variety of studies conducted by the Autism Research Program. We seek applications from persons with a PhD in epidemiology, health services or related field. Preference will be given to applicants with strong analytic and writing skills and a demonstrated ability to write successful grant proposals and publish papers. Knowledge of children with autism or other psychiatric/developmental disabilities is preferred but not required. The position is funded through multiple grants for a minimum of 2 years.
She’d stopped trying to hide the hurt from me. She didn’t cry. But she did tell me that sometimes it was really hard. That life was really hard. So I sat down on the bench next to her. And we just looked at the flowers for a little while. And as we sat there, I watched the hurt in her eyes fade. That’s when she told me what was wrong. That she was feeling very lonely. That her husband was on deployment, and would be gone for another 8 months. And it was hard. She missed him so much. But she had to carry on. Every day.
And right away I knew what our new rule would be.
Every morning I get up and click through Twitter to see what's been happening while I was asleep. Since most of the people I follow are full of awesome, there are usually one or two links to interesting articles for me to read as well.
Now, does this mean that Holy Spirit works part time? Nope! He is working right now in us and through us and all around us. We don’t “see” it all. But He is there at work doing God’s work.
modern man, ecosystem destroyer,
We left on Mo around midday and reached Paris during the sunrise Tues, which was really beautiful and it increased the atmosphere even more. (Mainly after that horrible travel I wasn't able to fall asleep at all :O)
1-2 garlic cloves
....The current escalation has taken the Turkey-Israel relationship back four years. It needs to be rebuilt over time, accompanied by a more pragmatic and less selective Turkish foreign policy. But after picking up the pieces of a “zero problem policy” in shambles, Turkey has the option to develop a real neighborhood policy worthy of a democratic emerging power.
“............The night sky listens in awe
As for now, I’m having a hard time determining costs for individual meals, since each CSA box was a flat $16.25. In the upcoming weeks I’ll get this figured out so I can give a better idea.
Telling us all
Because I believe in Phoenix with all of my heart. I believe that writers are only partially in control of the story, that when the author is ready, the story will present itself to the person best suited to write it. Phoenix believed in me, it unveiled itself to me at a time when I needed it. I can’t give up on it.
But, I also don't want them to grow up and assume things about people, I try to teach them that you can't judge a book by it's cover you have to form your own thoughts and opionions about people for yourself, based on what they show you.
I got another nice dress, but I think I’ll stick to the one I bought before. It’s simple, got colors that look good on me and I don’t need it tailored. And yesterday Georgia and I got jewelery for it. Stellarous. Since it’s not on trend on the planet it’ll enhance the fact that I am an exotic import. Like a coconut or something. I should say a fresh coconut, I don’t think they have anything fresh here.
A Xyron Creative Station
mention accomplishments inside of another topic like volunteering
He raises the poor from the dust
An influential Democratic Assemblymember said yesterday said there was too little information extant about Atlantic Yards financials to make any evaluation of the project.
I drink to you
The weather here in Boston was fantastic today. It was quite warm, but not so hot that it was uncomfortable. I ended up deciding to run today instead of tomorrow somewhat late and ended up heading out around 1:30 in the worst heat of the day…not the best idea I’ve ever had.
Whilst Tandy is hoping the beer blogging community visit pubs more, whilst giving many of them a reason not to, you can be assured he is pissing in the wind when it comes to cooking lager enthusiasts. Not much for visiting pubs at the best of times, though the Spoons January sale has a magnetic quality, during January we have all the dregs of the season to neck. Leftover half boxes of lout, wine boxes, half bottles of vodka, whisky, sherry and even Advocaat that regardless of science you assure your lady that they “will not last till next Christmas, better get them necked”
9. Can you do push ups?
And since I love and appreciate you all SOOOOO much, I can't wait for one of you to have this. I love mine and I drool every time I walk into my house and it smells like funfetti cake without me having to turn my oven on!
Susan scrubs winter from the balcony,
You use steel to sharpen steel, and one friend sharpens another. (Proverbs 27:17 MSG)
The book features a host of print and woven multi-use fabrics in vivid colors. Interestingly the designs were inspired by the 18th century antiques and archives of Colonial Williamsburg. The word "colonial" conjures up a staid and stuffy look, but the collection is anything but and does a beautiful job interpreting traditional patterns, giving them a bold new look and making them ideal for today's interiors. Here are a few patterns that wowed me:
Special Stitches:
1. Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Come on’ Cle, we know we have it in us to be the social media capital!!!
This is the invitation from Avid Reader to my talk and signing there next Thursday. I have been told by a couple of friends the Avid Reader is THE bookshop in Brisbane, so I hope you come along and we'll find out together if that is true. If you're coming in, please introduce yourself to me and to Hanno, who'll be there too. Don't forget to book.
In the true world, viewers of this fantasy land of reality, the reason these families and degenerates are famous is because you made them famous, you made them rich. Sure it is a great scheme. But if they did not have the millions of viewers each week to pad the pockets of these networks, these “famous” families would be right back where they began before their “regular” life was exposed to the world for all to see. And yet… I hear and read people each day complaining and whining about how the Kardashians are everywhere, or this couples going to get married even though they shouldn’t or housewives being nagging bitches who are only in it for the money, and that their lives are just as hard as everyone elses. Wake up people, these shows are scripted to depict a normal everyday family. Here is a great idea, instead of talking about these shows or even watching them, ignore them and they will eventually go away. They are like the bully in school, he is too centered amongst his own persona and too weak to make it amongst the educated that he picks on everyone. But if you ignore him and he does not get the attention he fathoms he should acquire he will eventually give up and move on.
A cultural catfight has erupted between the Jo'burg City Council and a conservation outfit over the future of a rare white lion responsible for killing a zookeeper in February.
When Lynnette got home, she asked what I wanted for dinner. I mumbled some inarticulate sounds before managing to say “whatever.” I still had that massive headache. At this point, I would have opted for “explode” because, what the hell, I’m not driving, right?
She acted like she had gotten a shock from her cell phone going off in her pocket and plunged her hand into her pocket again. If the people near her thought she had a phone call she might be able to move away from the crowd until she could leave without notice. Pulling out her phone she pretended to hit a button and placed it to her ear, saying, “Hello! I can’t hear you just now! I’m at the fire on Main Street! I’ll have to call you back!” She pushed a button again replacing the phone in her pocket. No one noticed her on the phone. She continued to watch with the others as the firefighters hooked up the hoses and moved in to squelch the fire before it was done doing its job.
While conducting some campaign research with a focus group, the positive and usually cheerful Leslie encounters the unthinkable: someone out there just plain doesn’t like her. Is that even possible? Find out why after the jump!
If you enter a contest and provide contact information I do not sell or release your information to any third parties (unless you win a prize then I give the sponsor the required information for them to ship you your prize).
But Jude was already gone. If only repairing her heart would have been as easy as fixing the bracelet. She knew she failed him. And she’d never forgive herself.
PETERS NL, OBOLER S, HAIR C, LAXSON L, KOST J, MEIKLEJOHN G. Treatment of an influenza A outbreak in a teaching nursing home. Effectiveness of a protocol for prevention and control. J Am Geriatr Soc 1989; 37: 210-218.
*We need to study spelling as a language, not a stimulus response system. Spelling has to be broader than for a a test on Friday.
of you.
EXPERIENCE THE LUXURY OF THE 787 DREAMLINER.
Yeah—it’s a shock to her, too. So to distract herself from her own problems, Kaylee is determined to defend her school against the latest supernatural threat. That hot new teacher is really an incubus, who feeds from the desire of unsuspecting students. The only girls immune to his lure are Kaylee and Sabine, her boyfriend’s delinquent ex-girlfriend. Now the unlikely allies have to get rid of Mr. Beck…before he discovers they aren’t quite human either.
This beautiful digital fairy image by Sara Burrier is named Casting Down Imaginations. She's spreading some love as shown by the dainty hearts flowing around her. You can find this lovely fairy at the Crafts and Me Stamps online store here.
and we wish her all the best for her retirement!
Yet so far, American courts have not accepted these arguments, explains prof. Mikos. He argues that they are wrong, and that federal requests for information held by the states should be considered equivalent to the “commandeering” of their executives by federal authorities, which the U.S. Supreme Court has held to be unconstitutional. This would allow states to resist federal policies with which they disagree and better to give effect to their own.
Directions: To use Whipped, apply a dime-sized amount of the product to the area that will be massaged or lubricated, or directly onto the toy (more lubricant can be added as needed).
HAVE A BLISSFULLY SPARKLY WEEKEND BUTTERFLIES!
Time to get back to using up some more of my SAB paper and brads;-)
I still had to add what seemed another 15 minutes before I got served in this busy bar, better stocked with Belgian beers than all other places I have seen in Britain so far. But then the fun could finally start- as there are some real gems on the menu, beers that are difficult to get across even in Belgium.
Change is happening. And with change comes opportunity for the powers that oppose the status quo. The average Tahrir Square-type protesters use this opportunity to seek greater freedoms, a more representative government, better jobs and other legitimate aspirations. There are, however, unsavory actors who see in this change and the ensuing chaos an opportunity to do harm.
Brazil’s central bank is likely to resume its dollar purchases and the Finance Ministry may introduce new foreign exchange policies after the real strengthened to less than 1.75 reais per dollar, UBS AG analysts Andre Carvalho and Eamon Aghdasi wrote in a report dated yesterday.
This too is why the Manager is a dying breed too. Managers are in reality factory assembly line foremen who job it is to meet the quota and the rules of the process. Theirs is not the job to think of new ways of doing things. Their job is to keep it all moving and the sheep from straying. But with fewer sheep, who needs the manager?
Victoria Beckham famously said that her goal was not to be Chanel or Ferrari, but to be washing powder; something everyone in the world – literally – knows. She didn’t want to be the best of the best in a certain realm, but to just be in every realm. And what she wanted, she got. Because what women want, we get. So we better be sure as hell we really want what we think we want.
E.M.Bounds from his chapter on Prayerless Praying
No, we can’t remain, no, I will never find peace
Mr. Tomasgaard has no idea of what impact his small choice in a classroom two decades ago has meant to my life, and consequently, to all the lives that this path has brought me in contact with. That day mattered. That moment, that very choice, it mattered.
I feel so much better now.
I will go through them,
However, the Blige spot, in which the rapper gets on top of a Burger King table and sings: "Crispy chicken, fresh lettuce, three cheeses, ranch dressing, wrapped up in a tasty flour tortilla", has suffered a huge backlash.
After mingling and chatting, Miranda welcomed the guests to Il Pero. She introduced Linda who spoke briefly about her books and the pleasure of writing fiction. Following her introduction, various friends, standing close to the candelabras for light, read excerpts from the latest book. Their faces glowed as their words echoed in the vast space. The book pages looked like recently discovered manuscripts. Forms faded into shadows. Through the window, i cipressi, the cypress trees became dim outlines, finally obscured by dusk.
Thanks to Christine Honsinger, Amanda Frijo-Tobin, TY Julia,
* Wear comfortable shoes incase you have to park in the middle of no where and have to make 8-10 trips to unload and reload (this is where the dolly or cart would be useful)
So after getting our manicures from two heavily coked-out beauticians (it was a weird and interesting night indeed), we headed to a couple of other bars, eventually landing at Raines Law Room.
TRYING TO FIND A HIDING PLACE
Besides, we can say that associations and companies haven’t had close collaboration in sharing information to gather sufficient resources to effectively respond to lawsuits.
Schmidt nodded his head. His hatred was almost palpable.
From this point on I promise to only hope for J.A.’s best. I promise not to down him but instead lift him up. I promise to accept whatever happens and become a better friend to the people who I’m lucky to still have in my life.
Most readers are totally unconscious of tense and POV; all they care about is the story. Is it worth reading? Fun to read? But you must consider your tense and POV carefully, and Chapter One is go time for these decisions. It used to be simple. You’d choose from:
(Quick technical note: the grenade launchers that each fire team has one of-- Fisher and Mahan-- are on carbines and can be shot at any time but go through the ready grenade process, therefore requiring a moment to reload. The Missile launcher is equipped by PFC Medina who carries a carbine as well. The Missile launcher is a development of the Javelin but targets can be painted by any soldier's helmet cam. It is twice the blast radius of a grenade and Impact 4/3 against HBA. It has only one shot and misses just deviate by 2d6".).
Think lilac! Think lilac! When you shop for summer clothes.
a fantastic product to have even if you are "normal"
So: it's on 9pm Wednesday, then repeated at 3am Thursday just so mid-week pissheads can see it, then its on again at 11pm Saturday, and again at 3.30am on Sunday for weekend pissheads.
When a Crocodile Eats the Sun by Peter Godwin (Zimbabwe)
Next up is little stack of fabric that with help from my new friend and seamstress exstraordinaire, Janice, will become a nice quilt :)
Watcher's Council home gamers are not only welcome but they are encouraged! Pick your favorite articles below and cast your vote in the comments section.
4. Air chilled whole chicken fryers, $1.99/lb. at Whole Foods (through 3/16/11)
Turning east, we began the climb through a moonscape of dry mountains with our lone road providing the only color contrast. At the top of the ridge, an outpost straight out of Star Wars sported a photo of King Abdullah, rug covered benches, and the head of a gazelle. A turbaned Arab in his jallabiya robe, offered drinks as he lounged on his black leather couch under the thatched porch. Only the TV dish and refrigerator betrayed the scene as current.
Another rewarding moment was launching, alongside a terrifically industrious and passionate middle-grade/YA author, an interactive site: one so sophisticated in groundwork and concept that my former company had taken about 7 years to pull the same thing off! (I’m not positing that the site was on equal technical par, but we were able – with three pairs of eyes: an author, a marketer, and a web developer – to emulate all the interactive, data capture, and entertainment/game elements required, all branded around the book without off-putting its audience with too much push-to-buy. It’s a site I’ll always take pride in seeing as it lives on, and with hope, it will be the foothold as the author expands her recognition in the continuation of her series.
Let me first start off by saying that our first experience with a pediatrician just after Nora was born while we were still in the hospital did not go over well at all. Perhaps it was his inexperience with trisomy 18, fear of the unknown? I’m not sure what the problem was, but I am sure that no parent, ourselves included, appreciate being offered condolences on their living, breathing child that is very much alive! I won’t bother you with the specifics, other than to say the short visit was very upsetting.
However, Transformers is a next generation thrill ride that blends fiction and reality, along with HD 3D affects and flight simulation technology.
No, it doesn’t work like that. I can already abstractly decide that I should believe that. Nope. I still don’t believe it. Maybe it works with her other clients, but not me. Why should I even think I’m that special? It’s not that. It’s just that I can’t operate the way she’s telling me to, and she won’t give me any other solutions.
So that's where things sit today. I'm hoping that the wild culture wont decimate the peach flavor like every other clean attempt Ive had, but only time will tell. At any rate, I plan on giving this another try later this spring when peaches are in season again, hopefully that one will actually sour!
A Long Way Gone – Ishmael Beah
I have been working on a couple things simultaneously and those things have been keeping me from blogging regularly...both HERE and on my OTHER BLOG.
Recently the weather has been nice enough where people are starting to dig out their spring clothes from under their beds. I would also be joining in this act if my skin wasn’t as shockingly pale. I would feel better about myself and would probably be less blinding to the eye once I work on my base tan at Tommy’s Tanning.
But before you choose a programme you need to know if it’s good for you, if you can follow its regimen, if it makes sense and if it is in line with all known scientific principles.
Yes, it's a good way to get your visits up, but is it a good way to develop a relationship with others? It is, in moderation. If you have witty post-its on Tuesday or wonderful pictures on Wednesday, I guarantee I am going to go searching for more. If all I find is a forced series of memes, I will close the window.
So, apologies to anyone who thinks I've been ignoring them. I haven't. Really. I am just in a different space right now and blogging regularly just isn't in the cards.
Half-type false lashes
Tonight saw a plethora of tiny new ones coming for a ‘try and see’ – a second visit for one, first visit for another four – including two ‘not quite six’ year olds.
She has an egg donor baby and so do I. What a gift to find someone else like me. To look into one another's eyes and to know, without a shadow of a doubt, that the other gets you. Understands the journey, the heart ache, the joy and the grief.
but you're almost done!
I’ve had a place at the city park in the back of my mind…. there is an old covered bridge there that I think would work wonderfully. The bridge has been a part of my life since I was little. I’ve always loved it. I’m going to call tomorrow to inquire about permissions etc. Wish me luck that everything will be good!
Source: Times Online
So,..How many of you who are in an especially creative mood today due to this weekend being the celebration of all things scrapbook??
(2) Chinese people living in the diaspora have felt discriminated in their own communities because of their spiritual discipline and their choice to openly speak out for human rights in China. In addition to receiving death threats, they have also been barred from community activities.
See, there are other options out there. Just put yourself out there. Follow the Super Bowl champs,
It’s hard to take the ending as a complete blow to the heart when the whole movie provides so many good feelings, only to be emphasized by adult Hotaru, smiling and enjoying summer again. It’s hard to think that, after experiencing such feelings, Gin would continue his life as a distant being. This is a coming of age story, of a girl turning into a woman, experiencing friendship and love and loss. The story of a lost boy finally finding himself. Is it a sad ending? I’d say it’s spring turning into summer.
TOMORROW: the whole purchasing and buying process will become simplified and faster thanks to integrated applications (online, mobile and in-store).
Fact; These are ALL facts.. I think … (‘:
Wednesday night Emily was standing up in the living room, crying, ready for her bottle and bed. Instead of getting her bottle and putting her to bed, I encouraged her to take a few steps towards me - and she did. She cried the whole way - but she made it. Then she did it again.
Nobody leaves me because I make it to a point that I always have my friends or sisters besides me all the time.
Sorry I'm a tad late with the winners and I've gone over 1,000 followers, whoo hooo, so I hoped to add a picture of some more candy tonight, which I took and then realised I had left one item out and so will have to do again. Grrrrrr. So before I announce the winners I would like to say thank you to everyone who entered and to everyone that follows me and perhaps didn't enter the candy. I'm sorry I don't have something to give to each and everyone one of you, but I promise to be back tomorrow hopefully with some new candy which I want to spread out to a few winners, so don't forget to pop back.
2-18-2012
It looks like snow outside. Smells like it, sounds like it (the echoey air when a bird sounds or a foot falls).
At the miseries made of love
How much money went to consultants instead of jobs for poor people under the EPWP?
While the place in the repertory for The Death of Klinghoffer remains unclear – does it belong in the opera house or, perhaps slightly modified, in the concert hall? – ENO's production does underline its musical worth, and its timeless seriousness. It's a major achievement.
11) February MMX – Ulver – from “Wars of the Roses”
She tries not to shake her head violently at all of these invasive voices coming at her from the dark corners of the room. She can faintly make out the shape of one of her inquisitors, who sits nearest her across the table, on the edge of the harsh light pouring down onto her. She tries to see the shapes of the other people in the room, but she can’t quite make out where they were standing in the darkness.
And lay the joyous roads of France
Still, I can't hope to send out warnings about the spam to everyone. I send replies to everyone that emailed me and post a warning on Facebook.
For at least twice as long I have been contemplating my blogging future and more importantly my writing future. I have loved blogging here, getting to know many of you, discovering your own blogging corners, and simply sharing a love for all things gypsy.
400 - 44.57 - Kerron Clement, Florida - '05
Our competitors tax us. And we don't tax them.
My short-term plan for dealing with this is twofold: 1) No more poison. This makes sense given we’re trying to grow vegetables for human consumption; any weeds that do grow will just have to be pulled up and composted. 2) Use raised beds. I have four of them, each a meter square, and enough topsoil to fill them, and even a willing volunteer to help transport all this stuff. They won’t stop horsetails growing up the paths and everywhere, but they do make it a bit less discouraging: we’ll remove weeds from the raised beds first, then try to make the pathways flat. I’m thinking about whether to try and plant some sort of nitrogen-fixing ground cover in between the beds to enrich the soil, but aware that it will take quite a bit of time to make any difference. So for now, it’s weeding, weeding, and when we’ve done that, some more weeding.
As I have been sitting here on my computer I decided to share my page background frames with you. Now, I am totally not a graphic designer. I will never be someone who sells clip art and such. But, I do usually make my own backgrounds for my cover pages for the items I sell. I thought I'd share them with you to see what you think. You can download the picture and save it just by right clicking on it. Easy peasy. Please let me know if you like them and you'd like me to share some more. Pretty please. With a cherry on top.
There are so many accessories for cloth diapering, but only a few necessaries.
This last month I have been hearing the best titles of songs or books. I am not talking about ones that make you think or are quirky, I'm talking about ones that make you want to sit down and laugh. I often wonder what people are thinking when they title something. It's like naming your kid. Take for instance Gwenyth Paltrow and Chris Martin, they named their first child Apple. What were they thinking? Is it an inside joke. Is it that they are hoping that their kid will be sweet like a Golden Delicious (hoping she doesn't grow up to be sour like a Granny Smith).
We are so very excited to showcase some amazing NEW images today. Carmen Medlin for SCACD stamps are gorgeous just by themselves! When you add your own style of coloring and embellishments, they become even more beautiful!!!
When researching the available thumb sucking products for her son, she was surprised by the lack of friendly, positive teaching tools on the market. She created Thumbuddy to Love™ with the intention of providing a fun, positive learning tool for children . . . then took it one step further and wrote the Thumbududdy to Love™ books (Fireman Fred and Ballerina Sue) along with matching character thumb puppets and created the first positive teaching tool of its kind.
Reinkers work great too.
1/2 cup fresh zucchini, shredded (squeeze tightly to remove moisture)
Perhaps the traffic jam and the detour you had to take today, led you to discover a new bakery shop, even if you had to arrive hope a bit later than expected.
10.) I feel like feelin’ “Classy” again.
We haven't even hit the marshmallow-walnut fudge season, yet, let alone tamales, enchiladas, machaca and green chile. (We're traditional; we eat Mexican for Christmas, in honor of our roots. Bar the fudge, which has no ethnic allegiance.) ("Gabaldon" is my own name, btw; my husband's' name is much easier to pronounce, but after spelling "Gabaldon" for twenty-five years, I was attached to it and didn't intend to give it up. Being a Hispanic name, that means that were we speaking Spanish, it would be pronounced
How long have you been scrapbooking? Off and on for about 11 years.....although, I did find some old "scrapbooks" I kept when I was a kid.
The clerk blinked at me, then stared at Marlene. She frowned. I wanted to grab Marlene’s arm and run from the store.
They are simple and fun to do. The part that is in grey is the suggested embroidery. You can do whatever you want though, cause its your card. And I left space for you to stamp or write a little something like "happy birthday" or "smile bitchez!" Ya know, anything you want.
This darkness is not as light to us
Anyway, as soon as I'm up and running, you can expect to start seeing some projects. There are some girls who are just getting too dang tall for their dresses around here. Leggings and longer dresses are most definitely in order. And there are some serious demands for costumes going on.
We believe the SELF-PUBLISHING INDEX will help to guide authors to services on the up, and those, gradually on the down. If you like, what we are proposing is effectively, a kind of stock exchange for author solutions services.
Deaf, Dumb and Blind: Double ditto. Published in the April 1925 issue of Weird Tales, after "The Festival" but before "The Unnameable".
We are brothers and sisters in Christ not because we all think the same way or because we own the same Steven Curtis Chapman
Oh my! How I buy the things I don’t need
Thanks Mandy, so such a nice surprise and so sweet of you as always!!!
To start, I held my iron above the pleater and burst some steam into it. This helps hold the fabric in the channels. I put the fabric face down and pushed the fabric into the channels with my fingertips. You can use a credit card if you like or a ruler. Your goal is to evenly distribute the fabric. Once you have as many folds as you want, hold your iron above the fabric and burst the steam onto it. Let it dry and cool. Practice will make you a pro at this.
Who are the only players to compete for the Dodgers, Giants, Mets and Yankees?
DW: (crosstalk) Okay. I think most people would admit that Fox News and News Corporation could be a shill for these guys.
happy first of the month
Do you have a book you have read over and over and over?
pondrá en tu destino de amores la sed.
It's Homecoming week for Maddy. As a Junior and part of the student council, she has to do the dress up stuff even if she doesn't feel like it. But Sunday night, she wanted some of my clothes from the 80s for Throw-back day on Monday. I mentioned that I might have saved my old button fly jeans and I think they would fit her. I was very skinny then. But I was either ruthless last year or packed them away in the garage and she couldn't find them. After digging around in my closet for a while, she pulled out my old school jacket!
Food prices are not stable so are rural livelihoods. As proven in 2008 higher food prices can lead to food crisis, driving large parts of the population to extreme poverty and chronic hunger.
Beast was independently produced by B-movie specialist Jack Dietz, who had made his name cranking out East Side Kids programmers with Leo Gorcey and Huntz Hall on Poverty Row in the '40s. Ray Harryhausen says the negative cost was $200,000 -- neither lavish nor shoestring in those days, just a decent, respectable B budget. ("Today," Harryhausen says, "you can hardly buy a costume for $200,000.") Dietz stretched his budget by hiring Eugene Lourie to direct. The IMDb says Lourie also served as production designer, though on screen he's credited only as director. If Lourie did do double duty, it would make sense; the bulk of his career was as an art director, first in France, then in Hollywood (his last credit was Clint Eastwood's Broncho Billy). This would also explain how Dietz, between Lourie's design sense and the deft use of stock footage, managed to get an A-picture look on a B-picture budget.
Before drilling down in code I would like to make few tweaks to mysql db configuration.Reduce the MySQL wait_timeout value to 3 seconds and increasing the number of allowed connections.Apparently, persistent connections do not currently play nice with transactions with InnoDB.
It is the sorrow of waiting for the monitor company
LS: The biggest "aha" I can think of was when I was working on the third draft of "Seeking A Friend". Even though I was thinking of it as an end-of-the-world romantic comedy, I still wasn't taking the two genres and colliding them within the scenes themselves. That's when I realized that the riot scene needed to be a break-up scene, and that the scene at Friendsy's is a date / is an orgy. I realized that at all times, the genres needed to be working for each other, and against each other, and it definitely outlined the larger set pieces and propelled the second act.
Anyway, a go.ogle search yielded pregnant women talking about how they experienced the same sensation and it would come and go. And they determined that the baby was simply settling low and, now that the baby is big enough, it creates a feeling of pressure.
So far, they are alive. I thought back this morning and realized that the last time I owned an animal was 1978. Aside from some (deceased) fish, I have been pet-less for almost 30 years. And I have never had cats before. I have bought this book and am relying on the advice of friends and strangers.
God, take this from me.
In June of that year, the HKMA issued a supplement to the territory’s anti-money laundering guidelines, setting out ‘Know-Your-Customer’ principles, taking account of the requirements of a paper on ‘Customer Due Diligence for Banks’ issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision.
Q. NAMA has said it has 83 hotels inIreland in its portfolio, why are there so few hotels on this list
"Jack....we are in Disney World!!! We get to see Mickey Mouse!!"
In at least one of the classes you’ve had over the last decade, there was a student who commanded everyone’s attention. He probably acted as the class clown, but he may have been disrespectful or even hostile. Whatever he did, he commanded attention, and that included the teacher’s. I’ve taught that kid; he was never far from my thoughts, and I had to have at least one eye and ear on him at all times. Helping a student understand William Blake is, after all, less life-threateningly urgent than preventing that kid from sticking a metal paper clip into the electrical outlet. The teacher you’re remembering was similarly preoccupied; she had to be, or she would never have gotten around to the students who wanted to learn. Crisis trumps curiosity every time, I’m afraid. In a class like that, you got less of an education—nothing devastating, of course; you’re obviously still in one piece—because of one kid.
Bike Trip Progress
8:00 AM: Coffee and cake = “Indonesian breakfast”
Hey y'all (in my best Paula voice) it's time to pick a winner! But first, I just wanted to thank you all for all of your sweet and encouraging words, and for those of you who donated actual dollars, THANK YOU!! It really means so much to me and my family to have your support. This has been a hell of a last two years for us, and we're are excited to see what the future holds for Kate and having this kind of support really helps!
“Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross.”
anything is possible.
To quote Joe Biden, that's a big fucking deal.
Example: Fan: “You know, I think BYU and Utah would make a great addition to the Pac-10. It’d be an amazing conference!” You: “Yeah, right Lisa. A wonderful, magical conference.”
Him: Um, you like art, and books, and fire—.
Pie had his eighth dose of Oroquin-10 today, and we had a short lungeing session at walk and trot. I'm delighted to say that he is now completely sound and moving well at both gaits, his transitions were normal, there wasn't a single bad step or trip and he looked great. Tomorrow I think he'll be ready for a short session of trot under saddle.
King also gets points from me for quoting Robert Nesta Marley, and for dedicating the book to everyone who sees the ants, which, if we can admit it, is really all of us.
I haven’t voted since the mid 1980s in any election. I often hear that I shouldn’t be complaining about the problem if I am not willing to participate in the process to try and fix the issues. My response is, “Voting for candidates in a failed system only perpetuates the failed system.”
I think like most creative people I'm interested in all kinds of arts and crafts, I've done so many different things in the past, and I'm sure I'll try many more! I've recently found a renewed pleasure in painting (just for the sheer enjoyment of it, I don't think I'm particularly good!), as well as trying various paper crafts and scrapbooking.
Lucinda is drawn to one person at school and that is Daniel Grigori. She is unsure why and he appears to have the opposite feeling about her. At the same time she is warned to stay away from him and is sort of charmed by another classmate Cam, who appears to be able to provide picnics and limo rides and tons of other contraband items.
SACRAMENTO—The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (CDCR) is preparing to update the Three-Judge Court on its progress towards meeting the court's directive to reduce inmate population to 167 percent design capacity, or 133,000 inmates.
Pink ones. I love pink.
There is that perfectly cool spritzy lager straight from the bottle with a lump of crusty bread, oozy, smelly cheese and fresh, herbaceous, yielding tomatoes drowning in oil, basil and black pepper in the shimmering sun on holiday in France. Crickets chirruping, the smell of hot, resiny pine trees, the prickle of the carbonation waking your palette up and slaking your thirst
And if you haven't yet signed the petition to protect rainforest where some of the world's few remaining uncontacted peoples live, please visit Survival International's Uncontacted Peoples site.
Classic slasher fare - but on a train! Terror Train is a tense and claustrophobic thrill ride peppered with promiscuous teenagers, decent deaths, an outfit switching killer and cowboy Ben Johnson. And if that wasn’t enough Terror Train also features the bizarre presence of illusionist and notorious supermodel worrier David Copperfield, starring as a creepy illusionist Copperfield’s acting reminds us that he is an illusionist who worries supermodels.
And then you might say it serves the lazy son of a bitch right. All it takes is saving your money and you can fix your life. That’s what America is about! Anybody who works hard in this country can be a success if they stop whining and really try hard! Hard work, gumption, guts, and stick-to-itiveness is all you really need!
However, a special team nabbed him in Mumbai. He would be brought to city soon. “We are looking into the possibility that all the 30,000 Aadhaar card registrations made by him could be fake and the main challenge is to know for whom he did it and what purpose,” a police officer said.
My brother Pat is a very outgoing, gregarious person. He is loud and bossy and self-directed. He was my mother’s favorite because of his personality which was much like hers. He is always surrounded by an entourage. He is an entrepreneur. As a child, he frowned frequently in pictures. He has always been stocky and a bit overweight. Today he has diabetes and some health problems. He has a wholesale American southwest and Mexican import business, a tree farm, a Pennsylvanian blue stone quarry business, and owns several apartment buildings in the city where he lives. He has never married though he has had several girlfriends who have had children and he has been extremely good to those children. He is still concerned with two grandchildren of one of his grandchildren who lived with him for most of their growing up years and tries to remain in their lives. He is good to his nieces and nephews. He read a lot and researches quite a bit about the things he sells. He also is interested in fossils and gemstones. He can be a bit difficult but I’m glad he’s my brother.
3/20/2012 Sparks, NV – The Alley
Return to the heat and keep stirring until it is thick. Then keep stirring until it becomes very thick.
On to my very favourite part: the world-building. Or in this case, universe-building. As well as a fascinating cave-dwelling society on the future planet Earth, now known as Terrestra, we encounter virtual reality constructions of life on other inhabited planets and get to travel with Kaleem on his mission to the planet Zandra. Wherever the story takes us, there's mind-blowing technology, intriguing local customs and a sense of the history that has moulded and shaped these very different civilisations. It's all richly drawn and satisfyingly complete, with a generous sprinkling of those tiny little details that can make readers truly believe in a sci-fi world. We learn that Terrestran teenagers socialise at a bar which serves nectar laced with mind-altering chemicals, and that Zandran men have no problem with receiving bouquets of Black Tulpen from female admirers. We taste breakfast on the planet Tarentet, and it's delicious.
I have another ridiculous confession: I think of you every time I fold clothes. Really. Do you remember all of those lovely clothes of B’s you gave me for Ada? We have been loving those clothes for years now. Ada has been “on the small side” forever, and so she was able to wear some of those outfits for two years (or three! Amazing!). Now Esme is starting to wear them, too. It was so generous of you to give those to us. But here is the funny thing: When you packed them so carefully, you folded them in a way that was new to me: arms across each other, then fold, and fold again. Each shirt looked like a neat little hug. Inspired! Here I had been folding wrong for years--lumping my clothes into folds that wouldn’t stay, and they would sort of slump and shrug themselves out of the closet shelves into heaps. So I copied your way, and now the clothes stay put. So silly. But every single time I fold my clothes I think of you. I’ve been wanting to tell you that ridiculous thing for years, and now there it is.
Susan: What do you like about Matt?
This upcoming year provides enough students to be made into classes for the sophomores and juniors.
3. The worse a designated minority or non-Western group behave, the more their behavior must be blamed on white racism. (source)
Produced by Live Nation Entertainment, tickets for The King's Men concert tour will go on sale beginning on Friday, May 11th at Ticketmaster.com and LiveNation.com. Citi cardmembers will have access to presale tickets beginning on Tuesday, May 8th at 10:00 AM ET through Citi's Private Pass Program. For complete presale details visit www.citiprivatepass.com.
Hooray, I'm off work the rest of the week! We had a lovely day faffing about and tootling round the shops, and I managed to get caught up on my CPS challenges (yes I know, I'm behind already, def don't think I'll make it to challenge 15 in time!)
When years of time shall pass away,
About the book
"Oh. But what if the trainees don't get on? I always got on well with Tawny when I was training, but I-" Dora caught herself, but Rel knew what she'd been going to say. She made a vague gesture and finished, "I know some people... there can be friction with a teacher."
LTE BlackBerry PlayBook Coming This Year, Says RIm CEO
Young Ho wonders if an apology is in order but Tan Ya tells him to buck up and not let the stresses of everyday life get him/it down. She also scolds him for going around like a pervert. He’s touched and starts tearing up a bit as no one has ever been so frank with him before. Lol.
-Put flour, baking powder, salt, and cake enhancer, if using, into a mixing bowl. Add the butter and cut in with a knife until pea-sized and the mixture looks crumbly. Add the sugar, flax mixture, and apple. Mix together.
Some girls want a guy who is a certain height. Some girls want a guy with a certain color hair, or a certain taste in music. But the only thing I've ever wanted was a guy who could make me laugh. Because when you're going through hell and you're turning into Satan and destroying people's phones, when you're scared of the look on your face that you can't see and seriously contemplating throwing yourself out of an airplane window thousands of millions in the air, a 7 foot tall guy isn't going to make you feel any better. But a guy who can point out a man in the airport who looks disturbingly like a vampire and follows people around and literally glitters in the sun? The kind of guy who can make me go immediately from crying to laughing and trying to take a picture of said glittery vampire on the down low? That's the kind of guy I want by my side for the rest of my life.
Alt Author Sherrill, Elizabeth.
Brian Ellsworth – Reuters, 05/25/2011
Employers: If you cannot describe your opportunity in 1-2 sentences (3 if you have tendency to ramble), do not reply to my job inquiry. Save us both the hassle.
A group of people in Bristol coming together to organise events for May Day. Celebrating the tradition of working class struggle against bosses and politicians, and helping our current fights; against NHS privitsation, cuts to our pay&conditions and taxing pensioners; for equality, control of our lives, taxing the rich and affordable pasties for all!
You cannot have perfect eyesight forever. As one get older, the functions of the eyes get weak. Macular degeneration, which is an age related vision problem, it is caused by the weakness of the retina. It makes the inner part of your vision hazy and blurry.
Hydroponic Soundsystem - Lagos, Michigan, 72
In fact, I would have started a club called the All-Ex-Self-Esteem club. My club would have focused on preserving post break-up self-esteem by engaging in activities against all exes.
It’s dead.
There are, to be sure, some rules. In the seven weeks following former President Hosni Mubarak's forced departure last year, a series of policy statements by the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF), a set of constitutional amendments developed by an ad hoc committee appointed by the SCAF and approved in a referendum, and a "constitutional declaration" drafted secretly and proclaimed by the SCAF collectively laid out a set of procedures for rebuilding the Egyptian political order. Those procedures have largely been followed. But they have led Egypt into a state of complete confusion. Indeed. "Imbroglio" is much too mild: the situation is currently [fouled] up beyond all recognition.Ten of the 20-odd candidates for President have been disqualified. Perhaps more critically, the Constitutional Assembly has been suspended by the courts, while SCAF and Field Marshal Tantawi are now saying that the constitution must be in place for SCAF to hand over power to the elected President on June 30, which is only a month and a half away and with no constitution-writing body in being. Is that an implied threat to stay in power on the part of the military? It sounds like one to me, raising the possibility that the return to the barracks will be postponed even further.
I can’t forget my grief or the pain of losing him, though both are slowly diminishing. And I can’t stop trying to make sense of my life. That’s who I am and always will be — a truth seeker. But I can let go of trying to make sense of his life.
But US officials would be loath to hand him over without iron-clad safety guarantees, and Chen’s supporters have in recent days said he may be open to leaving for the United States if his family can join him.
Therefore one has to take shelter of a pure devotee. That is the only solution. He says, naiṣāṁ matis tāvad urukramāṅgrhim. The beginning was that “They are not interested in Kṛṣṇa consciousness.” Then how to become Kṛṣṇa conscious if that is the solution? Then Prahlāda Mahārāja says, naiṣāṁ matis tāvad: “So long one does not approach a pure devotee,” mahīyasāṁ niṣkiñcanānām, “great personalities, who has no more any material interest,” niṣkiñcana, “and takes the dust of his lotus feet on the head…” Naiṣāṁ matis tāvad urukramāṅghrim: “So long one does not approach such personality, there is no possibility of becoming Kṛṣṇa conscious.” Naiṣāṁ matis tāvad urukramāṅghrim. As soon as one approaches the pure devotee and takes the dust of his lotus feet and puts it on his head, immediately, anartha apagamaḥ, he’ll be freed from all this nonsense. That means he’ll forget this idea that “Materially we can advance.” This is the process. So we have to approach a niṣkiñcana, who has nothing to do with this material world. His only ambition is to serve more Kṛṣṇa. And if somebody approaches him and takes the dust of his lotus feet, then he can understand. Mahīyasāṁ pāda-rajo-’bhiṣekaṁ niṣkiñcanānāṁ na vṛṇīta yāvat. (aside:) Our time is over? All right.
Mom would probably be extremely relieved and happy in Assisted Living. She would not have the burden of all the upkeep attached to owning a home, plus she would have scheduled activities she could pick or choose to enjoy and she would have her meals prepared for her and a nice private little room to sleep in...preferably on the 2nd floor...
One of the perks of being a demonstrator is the free sets we get for certain things throughout the year. This Gnome set was another set I earned for free but have not used. So I figure I better use it now, I combined it with the kite set in the Occasions mini--Send me Soaring. This was a fun card to make.
For those of you have read my blog for a while, it is probably obvious that I'm not really into celebrating holidays in a traditional way. I won't be wearing green today (although I have always said my green eyes count!) but I will share some of my favorite Green Recipes!
Today we are talking about best practices. People use that word a lot, and I thought rather than talk about a specific best practice, I would focus on what a best practice is.
The category consists largely of reprints...According to Bowker, the largest producer of nontraditional books last year was BiblioBazaar which produced 272,930 titles, followed by Books LLC and Kessinger Publishing LLC which produced 224,460 and 190,175 titles, respectively.BiblioBazaar (whose motto is "Old Books, New Life") "support[s] projects for the digital preservation of classic material and make[s] these works available for sale in printed form as a new book." Ditto for Kessenger Publishing (whose reprinting program has actually been the target of allegations of copyright infringement.)
Check out Dirty on Purpose's MySpace for complete details, music and more...
Silverbulletday produce record:
Baladin Noel (Italy), a Belgian-style strong dark ale with a vibrant, spicy yeast character. Pair with those red-and-green-wrapped Hershey kisses.
2) Make me feel accomplished and at ease.
But it also corrects. Love cares but it also challenges.
On a day without a cloud in the sky we decided to take the shorter route. We ambled along the empty road until it spit us out at the edge of the busy street. This side street was just over a crest in a hill and we sprinted across, exuberant in our deception.
Like most people, I’ve heard of an ISBN, and I know pretty much what it is and what it’s for, so I’m not going to bore you with all that here. What I didn’t know was that different versions of a book – e.g. paperback and hardback – need different ISBNs. And then I read that ebooks need yet another one.
So there's my first post here! Hope you liked it. I have an assortment of hobby packs coming in the mail I plan to break in the next couple weeks including some we haven't done yet.
Taylor took to the screen early in life, however, long before her shapely figure caught up with her beautiful face. I recall watching the National Velvet movies as a kid, but haven’t indulged in them lately. It is not often that child stars can actually last past their cute youth and make it in the grown up world of film. I almost separate Taylor into two actresses because the adorable, sweet roles of her childhood contrast so differently from the later work.
On Thursday night we went to see the Rangers play the Penguins which was significant because it was the return of Sidney Crosby, who apparently "sucks".
simply waiting for us to believe
The name came to me almost as if a dream, while I was chronicling my pain in poetry. It wasn’t until years later that I realized how accurate that title was.
is scored for violin, piano and percussion. The five movements
2) Koon Yew Yin (the plutocrat Civil Engineer who cannot commit to candidacy though suitable),
I think the cards are done. I may add a small accent under each sentiment, but at this point I am happy stopping. Now I get the fun of writing some thank yous!
Thus I commit myself to stick with my commitment to writing myself no matter what is here and within my writing I seek and find ways to remove any obstacle that is in my way towards freeing myself from the clutches of the mind which I obviously create myself and thus myself can remove them
~Andrei Guruianu
Our household finances remained tight, but Mickey was being built up on the inside, where a man's identity lives. He got a job offer a week for the first six weeks of the year.
Jesus, Savior, dost Thou see
Okay, there are probably a couple of things worse than rain in the world, but in my chicken-little world, having a planned weekend away – without children with more than a fluffy cloud in the sky spells disaster.
And nuances of thoughts and feelings.
My son needs to get in the house on his own at times and hiding keys outdoors isn't very secure. And if he takes them to school, they go missing.
Oh in the Tower of Song
She mentioned something about clothes dividers for the baby's clothing. I was at Joann's and ran across these cute tiny little hangers in the unfinished wood section of the store. They were a dollar a piece and since I will buy practically anything if it is "only a dollar". I picked them up.
Dressing: Puree half of a fresh mango in a food processor. Add in 1 Tbs of olive oil, 1 tsp of balsamic vinegar, 1 tsp of agave nectar (optional), and a dash each of salt and pepper. Blend or whisk until smooth and pour over salad.
This is a great base for scratch puddings:
You can see all the books I read this month listed below. Hope you all had a great month of reading.
b) a horse
He’brew Jewbelation 12 - As the numbers grow higher, the bigger, bolder dark fruit and boozy flavors are coming out more prominently than before. This beer is super-rich, full of roasty, alcohol flavors and has a chewy, raisiny texture. If this beer were a swan (as in 7 swans a swimming), it would be black and it would drown in a pool of syrupy bourbon. So while it is a nice sipping beer now, I think a bit of aging would mellow the heat and unmask the dark fruits more.
I suppose, if it comes right down to it.... what I do is really a summation of two methods, swiping the best of each and combining them as needed.
My name is Rosie. I’m a 23 year old Australian, and I’m moving to Japan to teach English.
Also something I had to experience in the first person: the turkey leg sandwich and cocktail menu at Henry Public. Life-changer, guys. Inspired by their Beecher's Tonic, I dusted off a bottle of Pimm's from the cavernous depths of my parents' liquor cabinet (do real people even have designated Liquor Cabinets anymore?) when I was home on the farm the other weekend and recreated it. Pimm's is usually a summer drink, but served with cider and muddled tarragon? My god, the wintertide magic is almost too wonderful; one must have at least two. Or three. And so a post about post-Neo-Feminism ends with an aside about drinking, but I wouldn't have it any other way. I think Meg would toast to that. Hope you had a good weekend.
Every mile or so I would think “do I have more?”. Pause. Then, “HELL YES I DO!”. It started that way and eventually it was “yes, I do” (no screaming but always a positive, yes, I have more) and never was it “No, I can’t”.
The original recipe called for dried basil, but I opted for fresh. In my opinion, nothing beats fresh basil, especially this time of year. I came across a comment on a forum for dried-to-fresh basil ratios and I think it sumed it up best: “The only useful purpose I can think of for dried basil would be mulch for fresh basil plants.” So. True.
Miles 11-13.1
When the typical woman is asked whether or not she wants to be smarter, prettier, and less awkward, it could be commonly assumed she would answer yes. It is the universal female desire of these three aspects that gave Molly Ford, a New Yorker with a degree in finance and a career in marketing, success in the competitive blogging world through her own blog, Smart, Pretty, and Awkward. Ford gives easy-to-follow tips along with inspiration to her readers in every post. When she thought of the single tip of using clean, unused toilet seat covers as facial blotting tissues years back, Ford wanted to pursue a creative outlet by writing about various interests and experiences of her own. Each post is short, simple and includes a quote of her choice.
I received my bottles last week. They have been chilling out in the beer fridge since they arrived. I've been waiting for a weekend where I can sit, and enjoy, and review each and every one of them. You know what, I think this weekend will be that weekend.
Here's graphic one: It's a world map showing nations of the world arranged and color-coded by their GINI coefficients. (The nations in gray are ones where there is not enough data to make a judgment.)
Before we begin with our new challenge, I would like to welcome the very talented Tanya Bell who has agreed to be our Guest Designer for May. We are very fortunate to have Tanya on board this month & hopefully you will enjoy seeing her gorgeous creations as much as we will.
I have been able to do some fun runs in the last few days. On Saturday I was able to run the Color for Tessa 5k at the American West Heritage Center with my old roommates, Jenna and Tawni. It was so great to see them and to see their little kids.
"Voters want to feel like the candidate shares their passion, otherwise what's the point?" asks GOP strategist Mary Matalin. "This guy called Obama a 'super-spy from Islamtown,' and he's clearly against receiving mental health care under the current administration. That's more than you can say for Romney."
However, Glow doesn’t completely escape the shoe-horned love triangle. For most of the novel, I had wonderful hopes. Waverly and Kieran are presented as a sweet and loving couple, and we actually meet them as Kieran proposes to Waverly. Their love for each other motivates them both through their respective stories—it alternates between the two of them—as Waverly wishes she could just see Kieran one more time and Kieran gets through some pretty horrific stuff by knowing that Waverly wouldn’t want him to give up. You want them to get back to each other as much as they do, because they love each other. Seth, Kieran’s main rival for control aboard the Empyrean, is initially presented as an alternative to Kieran, but both Waverly and Kieran have that thought and dismiss it in the course of the novel. I thought I was home-free! But, of course, at the end, he is cemented into place as the third member of this love triangle. I am tempted to give up and just let the crazy kids these days make their “Team Kieran” and “Team Seth” shirts, since we have apparently decided this is required for a franchise to be successful. But I can’t. If I give up, shoe-horned live triangles will win, and we can’t have that.
The sacrifices of the Veda seem rarely if ever directed to the All-Attractive Godhead. Instead they serve very practical, materialistic purposes and are directed to various material powers and demigods who can award practical success and happiness. Parīkṣit declares in texts 33 & 34 that when truly realized people perform these sacrifices it is All-Attractive Hari (hari bhagavān) whom they worship (iyjamāna), not the various demigods with whom the four Veda seem preoccupied. Those demigods are actually the forms (murti) in which the realized sacrificer sees All-Attractive Hari as the soul (ijyātma-murtiḥ). The demigods themselves are under the control of fate, therefore what power do they truly have to bless their worshipper? It is only Hari whose will cannot be thwarted in any circumstance, who has “unfailing desires” (kāmān amoghān). Therefore it is only Hari who can bless anyone with happiness and success. In Vedic sacrifices he uses the demigods as a vehicle to bestow those blessings. This is not a sectarian or ecclesiastic opinion. It is a self-evident philosophical truism.
Notable also on this night, Andrzej Dobber who I heard nothing particularly kind about after his debut as Amonasro sounded solid and refined as...oh which character is which is this silly opera...Stankar? Not kidding as usual, that's an actual character's name. Michael Fabiano, in whom all of us at the auditions that year feel a kind of investment I'll wager, didn't have a lot of opportunities to knock anyone over with Raffaele's music, but was in swell voice and cuts a fine figure on stage.
If you are using the wrong type of paper with your Copics, you are going to get very frustrated with the outcome!
In our society wise men are easily confused with wise guys. We give high marks to knowledge, but low marks to wisdom.
the fly. (She checks with me, and I nod,
I’ll see your Great Gray Owl and raise you a Barred Owl from HELL.
Happy Thursday Slow Roasters! This morning we are taking a peek at the Melted Chocolate Easter Bunny Cocktail that we posted Tuesday, we will also have another post this afternoon! Enjoy and don't forget to check back!
LJ Fort: Aw man I listen to a bit of everything. From country to rap, rock I just like it all. Lot of Christian music as well.
Ambatat-harastot-afraz-haramuz….
Lesson three of the same subject: Hmmmm...the horse seems to be understanding what you're asking it to do, is willing to perform the task, and you end the session feeling REALLY GOOD about what's been taught/accomplished.
The paramedic slams the ambulance door and was conferring with one of the cops when I made up my mind that I needed to be with my body, so I jumped into the ambulance and sat beside my body, Kate followed suit and as the ambulance began moving, she starts to explain why she was driving recklessly that night…she was saying something about catching her best friend sleeping with her boyfriend, but I clearly wasn’t interested. How can I die? Life just started for me, how would my parents cope with me being the only child.
Please share your thoughts about this whole "what this means going forward" bit. Very curious to hear the reactions!
How did you decide to write historical romance?
The lion and tiger piecings that I created for Ashs album turned out so nicely that I had to make some more. Who by the way is now 9 whole months old today! And a speed racer crawling across the floor...he's walking a little, but not quite sure he wants to do it all the time.
*What I miss:I really miss feeling comfortable....and having energy. Ready to run a race again, and get back into weight lifting and training....Boy, do I miss being in shape and the great feeling that comes along with it. And I am sure my family would agree that they are ready for me to lose the crankiness....I tend to be cranky most of the time....I even get on my own nerves sometimes. haha!
My late grandmother on my mother's side used to invoke the Divine Providence whenever something went her way. She would raise her eyes to the heavens, beam out that broad smile to which we had all grown accustomed by then and forth her gratitude would pour to whom she believed to be her Maker for his alleged guardianship. Hers was one of those phrases which, no matter where you found yourself on the religious spectrum, had a certain comfort to it. Like the butternut squash and sweet potato soup my wife makes in winter time.
Come to think of it, most of my body is hurting tonight. That's not accurate. It's more like "aching" and just plain ol being tired. I've been drinking like a sponge all day....I'm on my second 32 oz. Powerade since noon.
So, in light of Square Enix’s recent decision to charge people for the ending to their game, is it so hard to believe that future iterations of Call of Duty and Battlefield will start charging you for virtual bullets? Or that Netflix plans to one day charge you each and every time you watch your favorite movie? Right now, Steam’s pricing is far more reasonable than a brick-n-mortar store. Do you honestly expect it to remain reasonable when you have no other choice but to buy your games from them?
Iván Meade - What do you think most Victoria homes will have in the future?
To produce 446 nuclear weapons, the reactor grade plutonium would have to be refined into weapons grade plutonium, but nonetheless, this data is sufficient to emphasize not only the great quantities of plutonium produced as waste by commercial nuclear reactors, but to illustrate the probability that weapons production has created large additional quantities of spent fuel, and other HLW, including wastes containing other plutonium isotopes which are not accounted for in the DOD report of Plutonium, the First 50 Years.
We were nervous about how she would do in the carseat...another unnecessary worry. The 2 hr drive home went quickly and as we pulled into our subdivision, we saw lots of friends waiting outside our house. They had sparklers, balloons, and a banner. Brielle has no idea just how loved she is!! Another thing I loved when I thought back on the evening...there were 3 other children in our yard that night who have been adopted into their forever families! I am so thankful to have friends who understand what we are going through. Our friends also stocked our fridge and pantry! THANK YOU!!
Steph from 3 Hours Past the Edge of the World. I am pretty sure she has more than 200 followers, but I am giving her the award anyway. She is an amazing and generous sewist, her video on using a binding foot helped me tremendously. I learn something from her with every post.
All the baby mamas
Beating hearts slow, calming too,
Mama opines: This is a sweet story of a mother helping her children to learn something new in their own time. She does not demand that they start swimming; she simply shows them the way until she is sure that they are ready. This would be a great book to read if you have a little one who is unsure about swimming or is starting any new adventure.
And on top of it all, our children will grow up on the land being nourished by the foods we grow there.
I came to Casablanca this week and I was so worried about my case. I’d 2-3 huge case problems that the church wasn’t able to handle for the last 30 years and I’d countless lists and repair on it that I was in full apathy about it becoming ever handled. To be honest I was on the verge of giving up Scientology thinking the bridge doesn’t work.
Here with I was in the top 6% of the 2500 who took part.
A surprisingly nice version of Cole Porter's "Can-Can", performed by Jack "Mr. Bongo" Costanzo, and a swingin band with a good mix of Latin and jazz stylings. There's lots of great conga and bongo riffs from Jack up front, and some good tight arrangements behind him, giving the whole thing a bit more swing than you'd expect.
His new book “The Edge of Evolution” takes his conclusions further, arguing that the Darwinian processes of random mutation and natural selection are incapable of producing the variation and complexity we see in most of life.
All in all, it was an exhausting weekend that was also a complete blast! Tons of new friends made, tons of contacts made in the business, and lots of games played. Can’t wait until next year!
Now since adopting this practice I have not had one bad reaction. Some people are surprised, some ask questions, but overall the reaction has been positive.
1. Mix flour and water in a pot over a low heat till thick. Cool. Add a pinch of salt.
Welcome to another Skipping Stones Design Sketch Tuesday! This is our last sketch by Teri Anderson for the month of August and we’ve had so much fun with her great sketches!
0.4%: The estimated fraction of all STD cases in the United States which are either suffered or transmitted by escorts or brothel workers (see also “160x“, “3-5%” and “2x” above).
I have a cold. Again. And a slight headache. I’m stressed out for no reason.
For once, it was Remi who pulled the car over with a need to take a second look. "You need to see this," he declared as a smile slowly spread over his features. "What?" (me, cranky after a long day). "Only your dream house," he tossed off as he slid out of the car. I grabbed my camera but was highly dubious.
SUPPORTING ACTRESS
*If you prefer very tender vegetables, you may cover the pan during this process.
Perfect Sense – part 2 (7:37)
I told him I couldn't do this and how he was acting made me feel like he didn't love me and how he was acting proved he had given up and that the work I need him to do to make this work, I know he is unwilling to do. He said he would leave, then refused, and then kind of shut down and refused to talk. We had therapy on the 4th and I started out with "I asked him to leave". Now my therapist being the lady she is .. very blunt... asked if I really wanted him to leave. I said yes.
SWAMPLANDIA!Lastly, “Swamplandia!” started off on a promising note about an improbable family of alligator wrestlers who live on their swampy island cum touristic attraction of Swamplandia!.
Between weddings, babies, jobs, life in general we finally agreed to stop the nonsense.
“Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved…” (v31).
**The goal of this blog is not intended to scare you or deter you from trying online dating. There are plenty of people who actually look for love and find love through online dating sites.
Rest, while I tell what the crowd around us means,
And so much more...
Now that your pinwheel is finished you need a stem. I used wooden skewers - 100 for $1. I used scissor to clip off the sharp end. Shut my eyes when I made the cut. Probably not the best method, but it worked. Safety glasses might be key.
Starbucks Seattle Latte
TM 19 - Seismic Toss
But I'll tell you in earnest I'm a dangerous man.
We walked beside the Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery as we left Chamberlain Square and re-entered Victoria Square, making our way down New Street.
Okay, I'm just going to come out and say it: I don't think, especially right now, that my life is a good example of unschooling. I feel like I've somehow put myself on this pedestal, with lots of people looking up at me, and I'm just going what? How did this happen? I'm not the person you think I am!! I'm insecure, I deal with a lot of self-hatred, I'm not earning any money (did you hear that?? I'm 20 and I'm still living off of my parents! Doesn't that make me a failure at life??), I really, really don't know what to do with myself...
Things I learned from Race With the Devil
We may be separated by distance but please know that my home is always open. And so is my telephone. It’s cheesy but the words are true. Those good old words from Michael W. Smith…
Niels’polleke’
mouth shut most of the time. I needed to become employable, not
I've fallen way behind in posting freebie things I've made over the past month or so. Here's a couple of things I made during the first weeks of school when we looked at time (days, months, calendars, ordinals).
“The goal now is a socialist, redistributionist society, which is nature’s proper steward and society’s only hope.”
Yes ! Santa is really a funny one !!!
So I negotiate my own future.I want out of the Referendum and the IMF because I strongly believe I can make it no matter the difficulties.
2 circumstances
How precious did that Grace appear...
The truth of the matter is, it's an awesome flick...but really nothing compares to books and my own over-active imagination, now does it?
Rwanda and Uganda benefit most directly from the trade in contraband minerals from Congo. I have written about this previously in posts listed below. According to Crisis in Congo PDF, since January 2009 more that 900,000 people have had to flee their homes because of the violence. 7000 rapes have been reported, most rapes are not reported. Armed groups try to drive out local citizens and other armed groups. There are only 2 hospitals in all of eastern Congo that are able to perform surgury on fistula, a common result of the rapes. These rapes seem to fit the definition of genocidal rape, including:
This way, I don’t have to rush myself to finish either Don Quixote or Also Sprach Zarathustra. Both of those take a whack of time to read, and while I do enjoy large windmills and Strauss, perhaps choosing to read both those books at the same time was a mistake. Toooooo much philosophy makes brain go something something.
*Hubby that takes boys to Father & Son's campout even when he feels crummy
The aroma of roasted chicken and creamed celery mocked her as she headed for the kitchen entry, hugging herself to hold body and soul together. She’d said what had to be said, not that either of them felt the better for it. There was nothing to do but let the pieces fall where they may, and wonder if her runaway sister had any inkling of the feelings she’d hurt . . . the lives she’d changed before this day had even gotten started. And now that she’d informed James of the situation, there was still a kitchen full of women in tears, worried sick about what had happened to Zanna–not to mention about what they’d tell their many guests.
IT WAS NEVER ENDING...........
NICE LADY: Oh, no! Everything was GREAT! It's just that we stepped away from the table and someone cleared away our wine and we still had two full glasses left.
"Captain Soul" a 60s instrumental by the Byrds
Happy iguanas dotted the limbs in true reptilian fashion! Whimsical snakes twisted skward on gnarled branches! I praised him and promised a few hours of drawing and painting lessons, and predicted that he’d be soon be an estrella! Yes, a star is incubating and ready to soar to the next tree and who knows where after that!
Singer Lee Greenwood put it this way. “I’m proud to be American where at least I know I’m free.”
The 16-year-old’s body was wrapped in a traditional rug and returned to her mother’s house. Her relatives are suspected of killing her in the name of family honor.
02.Rock the Nation
downtown bus station
We as airline passengers are foreced into ridiculous and degrading security measures at every airport world wide because of Islam sponsored terrorism and yet the women are allowed to enter into the US (and this one as a US citizen!) without showing her face because it's against Islam!! What about our security? PLEASE! We need to set rules for ALL based on OUR customs and beliefs and security needs.
Who: I am looking for newborns, infants, and babies up to age 12 months
I would like to thank all who have expressed support for this event being reported on behalf of CHLY.
Irresponsible, racially oriented demagoguery comes to us via electronic barrage from the usual Establishment shills in the African-American community, evidenced by the inflammatory rhetoric and self-serving actions of Jesse Jackson, Maxine Waters, and Chicago Congressman Bobby Rush (D-IL), among others. Although it has received less media attention, the racist wing of the American Right Populist movement has been equally irresponsible, as evidenced by simian statements and analysis laced with vicious appellations directed at African Americans like “nigger,” “chimps,” and “coons.” Neither side can claim to know yet what really happened in Florida and all of its nuances and dimensions. Both sides fail to understand the Real Game in how this terrible situation is being deliberately exploited at the expense of decent people of good will with different shades of skin color.
Guess what I also saw on Craigslist the other day?! A COUNTER top DISHWASHER! LOL. I seriously had no idea those existed- where you plug it up to your faucet. It's a HUGE thang....I mean, really...at that point I'd rather just wash by hand, mmkay?
I hate allergy season. I can’t take non-drowsy allergy pills because they make me anxious, wired and more paranoid than Philip K. Dick on meth. The regular allergy pills make me drowsy, dull and somewhat negative and depressed. Had to step back from blogging for a week because of this. I’m not the misery loves company type and everything I was writing wasn’t cool.
Charlotte Ramsay (age 10)
Distress ink- Walnut stain
Thanks for popping in.
Grab your referral link and share this free deal with your friends and you’ll get a $10 credit to SaveMore for everyone who buys this deal!
Faith allows us to see the mystery of the invisible.
The sentiment is from Outlined Occasions which is one of Sale-A-Bration sets you can choose for FREE with every £45 you spend with me between now and 31st March - oooh!!! I've made a box using the Mini Milk Carton Die today:
3. Yes, it is natural for uncompetitive companies to pass the small increase in cost to consumers. However, more competitive companies will manage the increased cost and take business away from those uncompetitive ones and hopefully drive them out of business. What we need are highly competitive, innovative businesses run by motivational, highly skilled managers who can manage the small cost increase by icreasing productivity, not uncompetitive managers who merely survive by paying their workers pittance.
So, with Jesslyn's coaching and hand-holding, I've been staying away from bingeing. Instead of lighting into a bag of calories, I talk out my frustrations with someone. And that pulls me back from the ledge. However, I started feeling very antsy, almost jittery. It was as though I was pooling energy in my body and it was sloshing around and trying to find a way out before I filled to the top and burst my seams in a glorious rush of liquid light. I realized that while I was talking through my frustrations and calming down enough to not imbibe in unhealthy behaviors, I still had a lot of residual emotional energy left over from the experience, and I was in desperate need of a way to release the build-up. My body was telling me what it needed to do--MOVE. I craved movement!
We now have a Wollongong team and a fantastic charity that we are fundraising for, Kids Fund! They support Illawarra families with children who have special needs and significant disabilities. We will bring you a story shortly about how Kids Fund helped the family of one of our team members and how they continue to support kids here in the Illawarra.
While walking around the gardens, we happened upon an aviary housing ducks and other domesticated fowl. In this aviary was a most amazing bright-red streak of bird which a park worker told me is a Golden Pheasant, also known as a Chinese Pheasant and as a Red Golden Pheasant. It was very difficult to get a good photo of this bird because he kept dashing around, pecking at the ground and generally staying very busy.
So it isn't climate change, aka global warming, after all. It's just weather.
1 sphere
ever been,” in response. Surely they assumed I was suppressing my sadness. Was I? How was I able to cope with my new found identity as a bachelor? Some of you may already be thinking reappraisal—a young, single man living in the Bay Area (one of the hippest and most beautiful areas in the country) sounds amazing. Further, it could be seen as a fun opportunity to search for someone who would appreciate me not just despite, but because of my flaws. True, but these
a. Hugh Jackman before his transformation
Happy New Year. :-)
With this progressive attitude in mind I thought I’d read a book on beer. Pete’s Brown’s “Hops and Glory” is all the rage, but I’ve been beaten to the punch by dozens of other blogs, and anyway all the beer books on Amazon, tomes by the greats like Protz and Jackson cost over a fiver! For a fiver I can buy a week’s supply of cooking lager!
That is all for this post! But stay tuned for another post coming up shortly after this one, finally a book-centric one which is long overdue!
John and Martha Beck had two Harvard degrees apiece when they conceived their second child. Further graduate studies, budding careers, and a growing family meant major stress–not that they’d have admitted it to anyone (or themselves). As the pregnancy progressed, Martha battled constant nausea and dehydration. And when she learned her unborn son had Down syndrome, she battled nearly everyone over her decision to continue the pregnancy. She still cannot explain many of the things that happened to her while she was expecting Adam, but by the time he was born, Martha, as she puts it, “had to unlearn virtually everything
A wild young ringer, he’d done some crazy things
16-Reconsider Baby
* California State University, San Bernardino * California State University, San Marcos * California State University, Stanislaus * California State University (CSU) * California State Water Project Analysis Office * California State Water Project * California State Water Resources Control Board * California Structural Pest Control Board * California Student Aid Commission * California Superintendent of Public Instruction * California Superior Courts * California Tahoe Conservancy * California Task Force on Culturally and Linguistically Competent Physicians and Dentists * California Tax Information Center
If you read my last post on March 13, “5 Steps to Creating Your Own Job,” I promised I would post a follow-up to share my story of how I created my own position with a global company that wasn’t even looking to hire someone.
Emmerdale: John and Moira’s car accident - WINNER
Gary Dorsch in 321 Gold gives explanation of the price decline in copper. On July 27 Xia Bin, an influential member of the PBoC, told the People’s Daily newspaper that monetary policy should stay relatively tight in the foreseeable future to help tackle inflation. “China should gradually make real bank deposit rates positive and continue to use open market operations and bank reserve requirements to slow money supply,” he said. Bin’s remarks spooked traders in both the Shanghai copper and red-chip markets. Another reason cited for the surprising -35% drop in copper prices to its lowest in 14-months, is the rebound in the value of the US-dollar, against a basket of six currencies. A strong US dollar makes copper and other commodities more expensive for holders.
7. I really think there is a Bigfoot.
Another thing I have been thinking about is that I feel I haven’t done enough for Rockstar Ronan and Maya lately. The things I wanted to do haven’t happened yet, and other people are doing SO much right now. I realized today that I am so grateful for all they are doing and I cannot let myself get discouraged because I haven’t done the same yet. Because my ideas are going to blow up and even though they may not happen right now, they ARE going to happen. And when they do, I won’t even remember the fact I didn’t get much done this semester while I was in school. I am so grateful and blessed to have the friends I do because of Ronan and Maya. We are moving mountains and making magic happen, all in the name of the beautiful little boy Ronan Thompson.
When sizzle, add hing,green chilli and curry leaves.Add the tomoto and give a stir.
She was finally relieved from her misery.
An interesting side note is Marion Berry’s name popping up. He was in the City Hall that day and was shot after he inadvertently stepped out of an elevator into the middle of the action. Voting for Berry after the siege “was seen as a rebuke of the killers/kidnappers.” This certainly accounts for his continued success as a politician despite some rather large personal problems.
At 10:06am, I receive an email from Serena: We are getting ready…for some reason I’m kinda nervous about taking pics.
Seth: Yeah, what's your point? Okay, I'm not seeing what you're getting at. Do you work out?
One of the things I notice a lot are the guys’ hands and arms, and William is the only one of the male celebrities that knows how to do the “pretty hands and arms.” Other than that – I didn’t really like it much. It was sexy, but it was a little too harried and not smooth and sensual.
Awesome sense of humour (they constantly say Wenger Knows Best and their coach is called ARSEne. Its kinda obvious)
*muah*
There is a world of trouble embedded in the three little letters at the end of each parentheses.
I found plenty of ideas via Country Living...
1 15 oz can of petite diced tomatoes
2 industry
(Cregan, 2006: 53). Foucault claims that it was that moment in time in which the medicalisation of the human body, as a sub-system of regulation and social control began (Cregan, 2006: 26 :46). Through a brief discussion of the historical context of the mechanistic model of the human body this paper examines ways the human body has come to be defined in its now current medicalised and regulated way.
Characters: An extra note is needed on the characters. One must come up with a backstory, a style (be it fighting, spell casting or a code of conduct) in order to make their character’s story real.
As a Republic player, when you arrive on Alderaan, you are landing in the Pallista Spaceport. Unlike many planets you will visit, you won’t need to take a shuttle to the surface. You land in the Apalis Coast region on the southwestern corner of the map. It is also the headquarters for house Organa. The quest lines seem to take you counter clockwise around the map to the northwest corner.
4. Alleged instances of police corruption linked to items 2 and 3 above, in respect of the unlawful provision of information or other personal data to journalists or persons acting on their behalf.
Yes, folks, they are remaking Dirty Dancing.
great shells shrieking as they pass,
You see this? It's a picture of a marshmallow being roasted for S'mores. It wasn't taken on a camping trip or picnic, but rather.. my patio. When my kids asked if we could make them every weekend, I found myself once again freakishly acting like my old man by indulging them with stories about the olden days when I was a kid. Specifically, I told them about how I could count on one hand how many times I ate S'mores as a young boy.
A Little Bit of Heaven is an Upcoming romantic comedy film directed by Nicole Kassell and starring Kate Hudson and Gael García Bernal.A Little Bit of Heaven is a love story set in New Orleans about an irreverent young woman who unexpectedly falls in love with her doctor. Marley Corbett (Kate Hudson) is young, beautiful, and wildly funny, but she’s afraid of opening herself up to true love and commitment.
15 Long Live Rock (5:25)
The great struggle for David Banner (the human side of the hulk) is to always be in control of the destructive mayhem of The Hulk. So, his craving stems from a need to control the irrational anger. The great struggle for Magneto is to create a place where his kind is safe from the abuse of humans. His craving stems from the need to force the abusers to yield and go away.
In bold above you will see Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels were amongst the contributors to the Vorwärts! magazine. Those names should be familiar because they are the authors of the 1848 publication "Communist Manifesto."
Yet Greenwich also happens to be another place where waterfront property is still moving — if it’s fairly priced, according to Russell Pruner, a partner at Shore and Country Properties.
An absolutely perfectly smooth brilliant matte silver one with a white ribbon
I was inspired by the book to have Kyle start his own sort of writing notebook. Lately I've heard a lot of "when I grow up, I'm going to invent. . . ." (another thing I've been meaning to write about), and so I decided that he should start his own notebook recording his ideas. The first one is already in there (a multi-leveled LEGO table that comes in a "disco box").
I found this valuable piece of kitchen know how to be amazingly delicious and watching my little one feeding himself sweet potato cubes makes a mommy and her budget real proud!
I should stop it.
Just because the road ain't that easy,
Laid is a very premise heavy show and it often seems constrained by that premise. The mopey Roo, played by Alison Bell in perpetual sad-face mode, seems to have a cursed vagina; every man she sleeps with drops dead. The first season followed Roo as she tried to find a cure, along the way she slept with Zach (Toby Truslove) the boyfriend, and now possible fiancé, of her best friend EJ (Pacquola). Zach suffered a near death experience after having sex with Roo but rose again, while Roo’s current boyfriend Charlie (Abe Forsythe) lays dying in a hospital bed after their first night together. It’s a neat enough premise but the problem is that the show knows it’s a neat premise and it doesn’t seem to ever move beyond it.
were basking in the sun and swimming in these waters. They did not look too
Vert: 17,800'
I will draw the candy as soon as possible after that.
Lots of playing...
You have time until 25 March 23:59.
Catherine Winslow is retired. She used to work for a major newspaper as a reporter. Catherine lives on a quiet street on Cloudland. Nothing is supposed to happen there. Well nothing like a dead body of a woman.
Thinking...I need to get my USTA card renewed. I have accepted a spot on a tennis team for the summer. You may be right...I may be crazy. Mixed doubles and it has been YEARS since I've played.
So, how about a giveaway? Quiltmaker is giving away 1 copy of the magazine to my readers and I am throwing in 2 extra copies. So, just leave me a comment telling me what project you are working on. Simple as that! Good luck!
Fr. Ron
Watch the video here:
Side note: Weekend nights drive me nuts because I rarely feel like cooking, but the other options (eating PBJ's, ordering pizza, grabbing fast food, going out to eat) make me bonkers for other reasons - they're boring or expensive or unhealthy or hard to pull off with a two year old. I'm hoping I can get in the habit of making dinner at least one weekend night since it's also a good time for us to be able to all sit down and enjoy a meal together.
219) sitting on the grass enjoying the afternoon breeze with my nephew
Earl Hines (piano)
A third man tried to save the victims but was unable to pull the men out of the boiling water.
This special 1Malaysia menu will start tomorrow, Monday 20 February.
Music city acquired the Titans in ’98, a full 6 years after Bosco’s opened the first post-prohibition brewery in the state (there’s the answer to the chicken-and-egg question for TN). Since then, there’s been some nice craft beer growth to satiate the more discerning Nashville crowd.
For these reasons, the Prime Minister should try to salvage or restore some credibility and public confidence as well as renew faith that “justice will not only be done but be seen to be done” by replacing Hanif with an independent, apolitical, unbiased and an upright person of integrity.
Movement? No, baby is only the size of a grape.
Thoughtfulness of Others
Cardinal Brady continues to undermine his position and state that he was merely a “note taker” throughout the statement and he clearly didn’t “record evidence” He signed off by insisting that he fully supported the new procedures to contact the civil authorities and he will “look forward to continuing that vital work in the years ahead.”
Here’s a list of participating cruise agencies and current mileage offers:
I received a lovely note from Heather talking about needing to start a board on Pinterest for people who think outside the box. She was very kind and gracious in her note, but said that she would not be able to use my photo because I didn't follow the guidelines properly.
Chinese Red rose wine, 1 teaspoon (optional, not halal)
Oh lord, yeah!
nässelsoppa (Scandinavian nettle soup) with dill and chive crème fraîche
Dear Samuel,
Yet there is a new earth, a New Paradise waiting for you.
This was a question I asked myself before commencing a commercial pilot course, and only through the course really understood, with any great detail, the reason why they exist. I’ll explain as best I can whilst trying to keep it simple here…
One other passenger told me she was working in a well known top of the range department store, sales were low and management started threatening staff, cutting hours and laying off people.
We've long since been used to the MSM screaming how something is good for us one day, bad the next. It's commonly accepted nowadays that we're best just to ignore it all.
When I remember this, it helps me very much and then I begin to move my attitude toward compassion for the other, the one I name muggle and also for myself I feel compassion and this helps to transcend the experience, bringing me back to who I truly am.
After walking past the same old, Wetherspoons, Yates, Revolution, blah blah blah, I was getting bored and about to give up and just go back to my hotel when I fell across a really cool old bank style building called The Graduate. The music coming from inside sounded good and the decoration looked good from looking inside through a window. Funny side story actually, the window I looked through looked onto a booth style table and my friend from college’s sister was sat at the table, I waved, she didn’t recognise me and I felt really really stupid!
Well … let’s just say that the pear leaves and little tiny pear nuggets were a big hit. They’ve been feasting all day!
Contact me today if you would like to place an order or to be added onto my mailing list!
His/her views were shared by many fellow PRC netizens with one declaring that “Singapore is a good jumping board to other countries.”
Hard to believe that it is time to list Christmas decorations - but, it is - so, I did! I like to save all the holiday items that I find throughout the year and list them all in the same week. It's like my annual Christmas party for the business :)
Visiting m.parkvillemicrofest.com from your phone will take you to the new site. You can search breweries by name (the barrel icon) or you can even search by beer style (the magnifying glass icon) in order to find out what specific beers will be sampled during the event. Clicking into a specific beer allows you to rate it and even tweet about it (see screenshot below). There are also tabs with information the bands that will be playing, plus the history of Parkville and the Microbrew Festival. Though it soft launched last night, they will be updating the site nightly for the rest of the week and on the day of the event, so continue checking back to see what's added and what great beers you'll have the opportunity to try.
19. Roy Nathanson Quartet - Tin Tin Deo
I am getting closer and closer to making some of my business ideas a reality. Joining a great network of women has helped so much. I am so fortunate to have their support and guidance. More on this to come in 2012!
destroy Mitt Romney
UniSource Energy Corporation (UniSource) is a holding company in power sector. It conducts business through its subsidiaries, namely, Tucson Electric Power (TEP), UniSource Energy Services, Inc. (UES), Millennium Energy Holdings, Inc. (Millennium), and UniSource Energy Development Company (UED). The company operates through three reportable business segments- Tucson Electric Power (TEP), UNS Gas, and UNS Electric. It caters to residential, commercial, industrial, and public sector customers in Arizona. UniSource is headquartered in Tucson, the US.
For example, in his opinion Justice Alito points back to the Heller decision (2008) to highlight the fact the “the Second Amendment protects the right to keep and bear arms for the purpose of self-defense.” He also highlights how the right to keep and bear arms has long been viewed as one of the “fundamental rights necessary to our system of orderly liberty.” In just these two snippets from his decision we see that we have guns not primarily for the purpose of plinking or hunting or shooting sporting clays, but for defending our lives. Moreover, we learn that the private ownership of guns in this country is “necessary” to the system of liberty we enjoy: or to put it as the Founding Fathers did, the right to keep and bear arms is “necessary to the security of a free State.”
Chalk that up to Armitage’s capacity as an actor.
Add food to cool box.
George lay deserted in the middle of the shower room until the medical orderlies arrived. He was unconscious by the time he reached the prison hospital. Before supper he was dead.
28. Ewoks
(View of Dean Street looking west from Sixth Avenue taken yesterday by Tracy Collins. The buildings on the south side at left would stay, but those on the north side would be demolished for the project.)
- If Mail is hidden at logout time, it may not be correctly relaunched during a subsequent login but will appear to be running
He said it was the Government’s proposal for the parties to reach a win-win situation in the disposal of the suits.
The researchers said that seven vultures that were marked in Israel in the last few years reached Saudi Arabia. Transmissions from four of them have ceased and they are presumed dead. One vulture - beside R65 - is still alive and flying around Saudi Arabia, after spending the winter in Sudan.
after-maths of little isaac tornados. at least one in every room.
'Enough is enough!'
Drifting into unconsciousness her face relaxed.
Charity Registration No: 1123786
As I mentioned before, Collin and I visited some friends who live in Illinois - about 20 minutes from Saint Louis. We went to meet a group of mommies that I have become really close to via an online message board. When I had my miscarriage there wasn't any resources locally so I looked to this message board for comfort & support. Out of that tragedy and devastation has come some really strong friendships that I am so thankful for!
This year, however, in keeping with the unusually warm and poor snow year, Mother Nature celebrated the last day of the ski season right along with us. The sun was shining, temperatures soared, and the air felt practically tropical.
In hindsight, they followed one of the golden rules of bookselling: open a shop where there are lots of posh people. Alfriston may be small, but it has a wonderful catchment area full of literary types who think that buying books at discounted prices from Amazon is insufferably vulgar. The owners have successfully exploited the area's Bloomsbury connection and both the stock and presentation are pitch perfect. It's hard to believe that they're relative newcomers to Sussex.
Convention tote with many types of several companies offered seem to be precise now.
Oh, and what are they playing you ask?
What I have found is that if I lower my sights just a little I probably could manage a smaller, more affordable, sailboat that would allow me to putter around the intercoastal waterway that stretches from New Jersey down to Brownsville, Texas. Made up of bays, inlets, salt-water rivers, and sounds it allows a wannabe sailor like me to travel very close to the ocean without facing the full force of the whoop ass it can put on some silly fool in a small boat.
Each animal symbolizes the behavior. So, a turtle means the child was "slow to follow directions" and a bee means the child was "talking to much" (a busy bee). An octopus means "hitting others" and a ladybug means "bugging others." At the end of the day, the teacher asks each child to empty his/her pockets and they mark down which animal they have on a chart that comes home each day.
Possum then had Music Presentation Evening. This was also a dinner affair but since it was held in the school hall it was considerably cheaper than the Sports presentation evening. And seeing as Possum was required to attend because she had to perform with the band, we happily paid the $10 for her meal. It was on a Friday night in early November, and since we have Athletics on Friday nights I took the other five children to the sporting fields while HB took Possum to the Music Presentation. Here she is in her band uniform, holding her flute and her music participation award.
I transplanted my asparagus seedlings and got them in the ground. I planted them mostly in rows of their own, with about a foot spacing and several feet between rows. A straw mulch will be maintained around them throughout the growing season if they survive the transplanting. The root systems and tiny little crowns seemed very delicate. I hope we get at least a couple to survive and then I can let them set seed to encourage volunteers wherever they want to grow.
And then the decision was forced on me. I recently got a new job (I wasn't looking, but it's so perfect I couldn't turn it down), as well as an offer to be part of a committee developing a new Early Literacy project for the community...
- 8th-16th: Kevin and I did so many things over these 8 days. Like swimming, movies, walking the strip and more. You can check out the full list here! -
If you can dream—and not make dreams your master;
I just completed my 12 mile long run as instructed by my Novice Marathon training plan. Actually I ran 12.26 but who is counting. I was a little fearful of this run because on Thursday, my Achilles was angry and I ended up walking half of my 4.25 mile run. I didn't want to push it and end up injured. I stretched and iced for the better part of the week so I would be ready for today's journey. Here is how it played out:
I live in a small town in Washington State near the Cascade Mountains. I have worked in the Human Services field for thirty years, mainly in chemical addition. My writing genre has taken me to different arenas: suspense- One Step Ahead Of Danger, contemporary-Life Choices and now, with Dark Side Of Purgatory, the paranormal.
If you could choose to be the demigod child of one mythical god or goddess from any pantheon, which one would it be? Which power would you like to inherit from them—and what would you do with it?
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale
But she is not budging and she's not letting us into her museum. Meanwhile, people are going in and glancing over at us and I am embarrassed. I'm embarrassed because I'm wearing a scarf on my head (a fresh doobie one of my students let me know it's called when you keep your perm wrapped up), and a hoodie peeking out over an almost ten-year-old jacket, and narrow jeans with unflattering New Balance sneakers. And I am not looking the flyest I can and no earrings and no makeup, and I cannot imagine why she will not let us into her museum even though I'm beginning to think it might have something to do with my doo-rag, and so I start to cry because she has just really embarrassed me in front of my children and this wasn't the best day of my life to begin with. And the original attendant sees my chin tremble and she slips me a nickle when the other woman looks away and I take and pay a nickle to get me and my children into the Brooklyn Museum of Art and I'm crying again as I write this.
New York City’s the place where
When you’re dead, they bury your bones.”
The death of Whitney Houston shocked the world this week. In a time when we know too much about our celebrities, it was still a surprise. For me it was a reminder of my youth and fond memories for The Bodyguard.
So the force behind Adolf Hitler, on behalf of the Illuminati, was the House of Rothschild, this “Jewish” bloodline which claims to support and protect the Jewish faith and people. In fact they use and sickeningly abuse the Jewish people for their own horrific ends. The Rothschilds, like the Illuminati in general, treat the mass of the Jewish people with utter contempt. They are, like the rest of the global population, just cattle to be used to advance the agenda of global control and mastery by a network of interbreeding bloodlines, impregnated with a reptilian genetic code, and known to researchers as the Illuminati.
Um, I have about 2 minutes to get this done...because it's a crazy good TV night! So, what's on your DVR? I'm watching:
SMILE (words by Turner and Parsons)
We then get Prothero telling us about how the Christians destroyed the library-that-wasn't-there in the Serapeum and then this statement:
Diphtheria Therapeutics – Products under Development by Companies 17
Once they are half cooked, add in the cauliflower, stir and cover the pot again.
He’s right, Kelman is an obvious choice, but the sad fact is, as elsewhere, when you start to look for outstanding Scottish short story collections there aren’t that many to pick from – Alasdair Gray’s Unlikely Stories, Mostly and AL Kennedy’s Night Geometry and the Garscadden Trains jump out for me. While The Next Stop Is Croy and other stories is not substantial enough to knock these two and Kelman off their perches, it is well worth the read. The great thing about the recent changes in technology is that we would likely never have seen these six stories collected like this under any other circumstances because it wouldn’t be financially viable. And that would have been a crying shame because this is a good (albeit slim) collection. The asking price on Amazon.co.uk is £2.42 which you might think a wee bit steep when there are so many e-books out there for 99¢. It’s like everything in this life: you get what you pay for.
If you fuck with me, that’s bad. If you fuck with my husband too, that’s worse. If you fuck up our weekend, it’s over.
-I add flour to the cranberries so they won't sink to the bottom and will be distributed evenly throughout the muffins.
The ante will be upped starting tomorrow! Are you excited about who may be #1????
I really like Kimura's playing; she combines utter clarity with a wonderful responsiveness to the music's shifts of mood and expression. I just bought her album, Asymmetry, contemporary piano music from Japan and Ireland, and it's a delight. It's on iTunes if you can't be bothered paying post and packing.
Anna – I really saw a young Anna Paquin when reading this (so much so that I wondered if the main character was named after her), but I think she’s a bit too old to play Anna so my next thought would be Hailee Steinfeld.
We decided to have a quiet day today as he walked over three miles yesterday and may do the same tomorrow. So today was the day of wandering around town. This actually meant that we spent about 7 hours walking with a couple of breaks. Ah, the quiet life.
Good thing my mom left me this lovely Christmas Amaryllis bulb on the counter, as a way of thanking me for taking care of Millie.
The bench seat that was at the bottom of the stairs was expanded in the middle to fill this space. The window that was divided with a 9 pane window on one end is now one solid energy efficient window. Sunscreen shades are on order for this window as well.
Question: Can someone else collect my passport on my behalf?
About a month earlier, at the suggestion of our friend Tammy Thompson, Alexandre Fida of Angéline's Restaurant and Inn had asked me if I wanted to have an exhibition in their restaurant the following summer. The theme: portraits of local farmers. I gave him an enthusiastic "yes" and started planning the minute I had some actual free time. That rainy day in November was perfect for it.
"This is a tragedy, which could have been foreseen. It looks like equipment failure was a factor. What price do you put on a baby's life?" he asked.
Another quiet evening, and I get comfortable on my bed. We’re settling into a routine and I think I like it. Except for the car. And the crate.
For those who want to know more about this work you can read my website www.QigongEnergyHealing.com . I was the past Secretary of the International Tibetan Qigong Association and found I had a gift for distant energy healing after recovering from a serious spinal cord injury.
As she crossed into city limits of the quiet town, she wondered if anyone even lived here anymore. The houses seemed sad and empty. Signs hung off the walls of old businesses like pictures someone had forgotten to straighten for the past fifty years. But, toward the end of town, there was a single building with a light on. "Far and Away Inn," it read. "As Remote As Can Be." Under the sign, a neon red sign blinked, "VACANCY."
And, that’s not all. Three people will be randomly chosen from the hop to win $25 in Cat’s Cash (that’s a gift voucher from our webstore). We’ll announce the winners on February 15th! Remember, there must be at least one Cat’s Pajamas stamp or CutUps used in your project.
Therefore, just as through one man sin entered into the world, and death through sin, and so death spread to all men, because all sinned. Romans 5:12 (NASB)
So it was easy. Sort of.
“Danny has only been to the Club once in his life & sings from that one experience.”
On the trail marked with pollen may I walk
I am totally unoffended.
This is in direct contradiction to how many companies operate when it comes to giving freedom to their employees. Somehow, there is a pervasive idea in many workplaces that if the employees are not tracked for every hour they work, they would slack off. The thinking is that people naturally choose to not do work if given the option and therefore it is important for the company to make sure that it gets it’s every dollar’s worth it spends on the employee, including paid vacations and sick days, by tracking and rationing the hours. And then they wonder why the morale is low among its staff.
Only for doing a good job as a writer and if someone feels something they aren’t comfortable with, I’m open to discussion but no more personal name callings or trashings so if any one has that in mind, get that out of your head right now. RESPECTFUL, FAIR AND DECENT engages me, otherwise, I simply report.
As the land behind us
Introducing the artists:
Hello Pastor Lucas,
I have no answer. I have no answer for my own self. I have no answer for anyone of you.
Quote: "CYCO EVA JUST 2 YEARS OLD IN THE MARIJUANA CROPS"
What's on my mind, you ask? Roses.
The energy helps to purify, cleanse and detoxify the body and mind. As the energy works through the energy blockages it can cause toxins to be released that are stored in the area. Some people may feel achy or tired at times leading up to the session. This is good and very, very helpful in the healing process. Feeling unusually tired is a sign that the body is using a lot of it's energy for healing. Many modalities recognize the positive effects from detoxification. You may also find that you have to go to the bathroom more as you release toxins. During the purification process your organs of elimination will be energetically supported to help them release the toxins. I have done this process with thousands of people and the energy always works for people's highest good. If you don't feel good some of the time, try and hold the thought that you are healing.
My teaching pocket...is looking back at you. One of the pens is a secret video camera. For GBP20 on eBay you can get this marvel of James Bondery (Bondage?), to slip into your pouch. The instructions have been lovingly translated from Chinese, possibly via Albanian. The result is quite poetic, for example: "Continue to Camera: The standby mode, short press the button to eliminate yellow, blue light, blue lights began to flicker that is also the beginning of the video." Once deciphered, it's also completely wrong. As were the specifications on the eBay seller's page. What should have been two hour's running time at 720x480 is one hour at 640x480, and it takes two hours to charge from your computer's USB port. A process which sometimes crashes Windows.
Yet, the reason 380 miles is on my mind is the gratitude I have for them. You see, I twisted my knee two days after Christmas. Running the upcoming half-marathon this spring is out of the question. Walking it is a maybe and a daunting goal, considering that I have not bent my knee fully for 3 weeks.
Let’s say you want to quit smoking, and no I’m not picking on smokers, almost everyone in my immediate family is or at least was a smoker at some time. Okay you want to quit, you’ve tried everything and you still can’t kick the addiction. The first thing you do is find a substitute for the fix you are getting. The nicotine patches and gum both work well for curbing that craving.
Sometimes the stories are simple. The lady driving up from Florida? She’s going to visit her brother’s family in Wisconsin.
Medium: Distress Ink, reinkers
Have got to get my man into the storytelling mode, I could follow his lead!!!
HSN is running a Love and Light Sweepstakes that gives you a chance to meet Jennifer while she’s on HSN.
The Berlin heart is about the size of a small fridge. Some children need to be on the device for only a couple of weeks, while for others, the wait for a new heart can take many months.
Look at that steely glint in his eyes. That's the look of a man who will act swiftly and violently to retain his position as Emperor of Underpants, even if it means drowning the Sheboygan Shag Shaman in two inches of blue lavatory water.
Charles Edward Jones, 48, Bedford, Mass.
Gonna have to pull out my copy of her first album and listen to "You give good love" again.
Talking about this: 87
I then cut a tag shape out of Kraft card and mounted My Minds Eye dark polka dot paper onto it. Then I found some scraps of coredinations cardstock and tore to show the gorgeous colour underneath. I placed this on top of the MME papers and then covered with the inked paper. Next I added the Dressmaking dummies, and glitter butterfly. I then followed the same sort of layout for the bag but with larger embellishment and two of the butterflies and strips of coredinations cardstock. I hope you like it, I would love some feedback!
And it will include a chemical spill. An interesting feature given concerns about the security of Syria's large chemical weapons arsenal. A Marine MEU will participate (a battalion-sized task force).
DCWV- The Halloween And Fall Pack
“In Da Club” – 50 Cent and Tony Yayo
Hanging by a moment here with you.
is the reason why he was convicted because of attempting against our
Now, hubs eats a lot of pizza at work,
Cellphones are one of the big advancements that scare the living shit out of me. It’s reached a point where phones are becoming much like communication devices from sci-fi films.
- Thank the person who gave them the award and link back to that person's blog
Peter and Bobby Farrelly have been working on this movie since 1999. According to David Germain, an AP movie critic, the brothers “never wanted to tinker with the Stooges.” Dennis Lim in the New York Times agrees, saying the brothers “strove for absolute fidelity to the original.” CBS News also cites their “loyalty to the subject.”
It’s because of this and today’s rather self-obsessed populace that I believe I will never be a successful writer.
Why? Because of Christ.
Anyway, when Mom was finally done and had cleaned up, she said she needed to go run an errand. Dave was on Guard Duty in the bedroom, but I offered up my services to go with her. She said she was just going to the Vet School, but I insisted - what if she got lost? What if someone at the school needed to scratch my ears? What if there were other pups, kit-cats, or other patients who could use a friend? Yep, I had to go with her!
Brit stuff:
Pramod joins the JNTU for his engineering degree and I join Nizam’s college for a degree in science which I was never going to complete, as my heart wasn’t in it and life for me at that point was going nowhere!!
Jump Race Record: Starts 26; Wins: 12; 2nd: 3; 3rd: 2; Win & place prize money £295,299
You see, in order for a firm to sell its products, it needs lots of customers with money to demand the goods. However, when there is lots of inequality, these customers have less money (the richest tend to save instead of spending) and so are unable to demand the goods. This leads to businesses closing, more unemployment and recession. What has been happening since the 1970′s? The income of the average worker has not risen in real terms. So why does it seem like we are all getting more prosperous then? Two reasons – first, while in 1970, a man working alone could cover the cost of the families living expenses, now it requires two people – we have forced women out to work and that has hidden the fact that incomes haven’t risen. However, that is not all. We have also done something else – we have built a society on credit. We have encouraged the poorest and those on average incomes to borrow – first on credit cards and then on houses in order to fund daily consumer expenditure. A toxic recipe! Any borrowing that does not lead to increases in productivity is ultimately going to come back to bite you…and it has, on a massive scale. People now are massively indebted, both parents are having to work to pay the bills and average incomes are now falling, because inflation is driving down people’s ability to meet the rising cost of living. There is not enough demand to restore the economy and so we are seeing unemployment rising, businesses closing and recession.
… I am missing my folks this memorial day.
And picked up The Story of Art, by E.H. Gombrich at the Brooklyn Museum of Art recently. A classic. Clarity in a field – art history – not exactly known for its clarity. The other non-fiction I’m working on now is Babel No More, an investigation of polyglots, or people who somehow manage to learn multiple languages. Fascinating.
The night I was born, a doctor who was caring for me told my father, “Your daughter is a fighter.” Still today, I draw strength from those words. My mantra has become “P.A.S.T. – Preemies Are So Tough.” Whenever I feel down or discouraged, I remind myself of my past. Compared to being kept alive by a respirator and feeding tubes, nothing seems insurmountable.
And is really in need.
Anyway, Christmas morning, I woke up and opened presents from "Santa" with my mom. We drank mimosas and ate cinnamon rolls...always a holiday tradition at my house. My mom is amazing and got me the best presents, including, a gorgeous Coach bag so that I have a nice, professional looking purse when I start interviewing for jobs this spring.
9) Ebony
After my workout, I had this awesome breakfast of strawberry Chobani greek yogurt, banana, strawberries, blackberies, and blueberries:
Annie's Mac-n-cheese (shells and cheese) with broccoli
Instead, it’s a terrible control scheme that brings Dead Souls to a screeching halt. The franchise has long focused on blissfully destructive close-quarters fighting, allowing players to bash foes with bicycles, traffic cones and anything else within arm’s reach. That element is still present, but swarms of rampaging ghouls require added emphasis on gunplay.
So ugly, so rejected, so abnormal
I can't believe that it has been over a month since my last blog.
31.88 - Wallace Spearmon
Owen, H. (1998). Emerging order in Open Space. www.openspaceworld.org
Also my father and other family will be visiting.
bitter and utterly broken.
Friday Music blog.
Awww look at that lil cutie. Lil bundt cakes totally rock. There is nothing like sitting down and eating a whole cake all by yourself without the unfortunate side effects of actually consuming an entire full scale cake. It's especially cool when you are five. OK. Yeah. Alright. Who am I kidding? It's just as cool when you are 35.
( ) Take steps necessary to keep the hazardous condition from affecting others and report it to your supervisor.
-High School was rough, made some bad choices-mostly grade related, but crushing suicidal teenage depression and ADHD will have that affect on just about anyone.
The title track off the new album got an airing, as well as my favourite track of the night, ‘Weaponized’, also off the latest record. During one brief pause the Goat Father made a comment about ‘playing fast forever‘, and he meant it. Impiety are a beast to behold. Dizazter handles the kit like a man possessed. New guitarist Nizam Aziz stands bolted to the floor, calm as the eye of a tornado, whilst all hell breaks loose around him. He also holds a mean scowl from start to finish. And of course Shyaithan commands the stage, literally wrestling with his bass as he spits out screams of hatred.
Laura. You are the awesome best. Yes.
Hi, everyone! Today I am joining Amber over at Damask Love (and lots others) showcasing cards that were rejected for the Paper Crafts "Holiday Special Issue" publication. I just love that she does this! It kinda softens the blow just a little bit by allowing others to see your work.
We took him to the vet- he was still butting his head against us, purring, etc so we didn't know what to do. He seemed happy still, but he was clearly getting more and more uncomfortable and because he was breathing from his stomach, he was wheezing more. He had a good morning, went outside and slept in the sun, we let him eat all the treats he wanted and then he slept on a chair in the computer room until we took him in. She said there was no right or wrong answer. We could wait 2 or 3 more weeks but there was a possibility that he could die during the night or he could get so uncomfortable that we would have to do it immediately. We didn't want him to suffer and it seemed better to let him go on a high note than if he were to die at night by himself in the living room or be so sick that we would regret not putting him down sooner.
It comes as Microsoft infringed two patents needed for H.264 video coding and playback. but a US court has banned Motorola from enforcing the ban until next week.
"If you don't master this, you'll be nothing ... you can't do that, because there's no future in it ... why do you read that? ... how dare you think that? ... no you can't do anything with your hands, that is what black people are for ... if you don't go to Sunday school every Sunday and pass your religious exam, you'll never get a job ... there is only one way of mastering this, you'll do it my way."
“Yeah you did” Trent said, pretending to ponder the question, “but again, doc, doctor, what's the difference?”
One Family Sized Can of Cream of Chicken Soup
Its just harder to see.
What to do if your book is in the program
Why is this world so bass-ackwards?
Good morning ! I hope you all had a good Bank Holiday weekend and managed to keep dry ! We had a lovely time and it was made a lot nicer by the fact that the hubster was home for most of it. He took the girls swimming and we loaded the girls bikes up in the car and took a stroll/ride along the river in Bradford on Avon on Sunday which was lovely. It was so nice to see a bit of sunshine for a change !
Notes: The Blue Bayou is considered on of Disneyland’s fine dining establishments, if you’ve never been, I recommend it. You sit inside the entry to the Pirates of the Caribbean Ride and the ambiance alone is quite an experience.
62 1. Book Review: Henry S. Drinker, Legal Ethics (New York, 1954). Lawyers Guild Review, vol. 14, pp. 143-44 (1954).
In addition to sampling some of the finest foods that this town has to offer (read: donuts and various fare at the bowling alley), my co-religionist and I also visited some of the high beauty-spots of this area, including Cap Sante Point, Washington Park, and my own beloved axis mundi, Mt. Erie. (I may get access to some photos that my co-religionist took on these occasions in the near future, whereupon I will post them.) As we went to these various places, I was reminded of all the people I’ve brought with me to those places over the years, and to a number of ritual occasions, for Antinous and for more general deities and occasions that I celebrated before becoming devoted to him. The landscape around here is very much alive with the devotions that I have done in them, at least for me, and I’m sure this will only continue as I remain in this area, for as long as I do so. (Interestingly, one of the early conversation topics we were on during our itinerary was Alan Moore and the idea of events putting a psychic imprint on the landscape…!)
Dietary supplement; neutralizes flatulence and bloating before it starts
Breeder-bashing isn't a new concept. However, with our rights to breed dogs under constant attack from the animal rights terrorists, led by none other than The Humane Society of The United States (which is in no way, shape or form a "real humane society", but rather an extreme animal rights organization), one would think that dog breeders could find some common ground, stick together, and dispense with the superiority complexes. No such luck.
“You see, my Commissioner of Police was not the target and it (bomb) was placed on the road and it exploded; nothing has happened to the Commissioner and we have made arrests.”
through torturous hell we slide
We want your experiences, thoughts, views everything! We want this blog to be used in a similar way to the sessions we are running, to share experiences and thoughts on something there is very little support for.
Hosted by Holgate Brewhouse, Stone & Wood, Mountain Goat
He knows, for having read numerous works on this subject, that according to Oriental occultists, there is apparently in Tibet a sect called the Dugpas, which is considered as a direct instrument of “demoniacal” forces of destruction. This man in the red bonnet who starts war among the insects by a vibration could therefore represent one of these Dugpas.
Oscar Wilde said "Experience is the name we give to our mistakes."
PERSONAL: Married with four children and two grandchildren
Admission: FREE
Not virtual things – like fancy and impossible to understand derivatives products, which are basically con jobs.
Might she have Marcia’s phone number in her car? I returned to the car and found the mass of notes tightly pressed into a slot that “Toyota” designers had thoughtfully placed on the transmission console of the “Corolla”. I quickly found Marcia’s phone number and went in search of a public telephone. No luck with that; but here was a bar, open for business – which must be thriving.
we have another food-related that's what he said wednesday today. seems the baby is full of them lately!
He will always be our IDOL, who needs an American Idol when we have him?
A girl!!! We are a little heavy on boys around here. Every time I clean a bathroom around here, I have begged God to give us another girl. Thank you, Lord!
Left to right in the top photo: Jennifer, Molly, Sally, Me and Kimberly. My sister came too, but she's the one who took this photo. Actually, she took all of these, because I was so caught up in making things and chatting, that I forgot to take pictures. (bad blogger!)
As usual, our crackerjack design team has been busily creating some projects that we hope will inspire you to join in our challenge this week:
with feelings and grief for those who have lost so much in the tornadoes everywhere around me.
If you didn't win, keep your head up and your eyes open. You never know when another giveaway may pop up, whether here or elsewhere. And I hope you do manage to find and read Edenbrooke!
Pineapple upside down cake was contributed by Christina Tosi, the pastry chef at Momofuku milk bar in NYC.
Obviously the best thing about Disney’s Beauty and the Beast is “Little Town,” the classic song of teen dissatisfaction that can, of course, only be solved by a book. Ok, so technically this is a book shop, but Belle uses it as a library, so I’m totally counting it. Besides, later the Beast basically seduces her with his library anyway.
I have to get yourself a judgment on that certain due to the fact which is one that just didn’t make sense to me. His or her man (Possible predators Colin Wilson) is actually yanking against each other in the internet using a adhere and in actual fact gave up into it as he realized it had been an objective. I was told that they will can’t see the puck yet There are observed many calls with this little league about ambitions even if the puck is not visible.
Kenya: A band of Muslims launched a grenade attack on a crowd of 150 Christians attending an outdoor church meeting, killing two and wounding more than 30. “Human-rights groups say that the Muslim attackers were hyped into action by a militant Muslim preacher holding an alternate rally only 900 feet from the Christian gathering. Further reports say that the Muslim preachers were slandering Christianity and that members of the Christian group could hear the Muslim speakers.”
- salad, meat and fruit, 1 or 2 day per week
While the story and performances are both fairly strong, with Raj and Simran’s Swiss adventures in the first third of the filman entertaining highlight, the real meat of the film is the tension that plays out in the love story once the action arrives in India. It is fascinating to watch Khan, the ultimate Bollywood heartthrob, attempt to convince Simran’s father that he is Indian enough to marry his daughter.
Fox Business
Liv
Topiary & Black ink
Absolutely glorious colors of wool felt...a rainbow! All 100% wool felt! Wasn't this a great present? Diane told me she has had it around for a while and wanted to give it to someone who would use it to make something beautiful! I was so surprised, and so thankful for such a nice gift. :)
Glassware: Oversized red wine glass, snifter, goblet
Both sustainability and catholicalness are ways of living. Allow me to demonstrate.
In all conventional battles, during the Border War, Fapla/Cuban troops always outgunned SADF's troops and the SADF never had equal or superior numbers to the enemy. Angolan airspace became classified as the most hostile airspace in the world, with Soviet-backed forces having total air superiority for virtually the whole war.
Standiford of 5013 School Road remained Tuesday at the Land O’Lakes jail in lieu of $10,000 bail.
As Boys, we don’t study all year, we forget friends and just study when exam comes, does that mean we forget the people we love? Guy’ss priorities change in life but their feelings hardly change, how girls take that its up to them.
This picture isn't so colorful, but it illustrates the easy way to spot this tree in the woods. Notice how the branches seem to separate into layers? That's an easy way to tell it from other spring blooming trees, such as Serviceberry.
But what about math?
What was it like: It was a nice little town. I could ride bike (bike riding was my fav!) all day long and my parents didn’t have to worry that I’d be picked up by a weirdo driving around in a child molester van. Who wants candy?! I grew up in a John Cougar Mellancamp song, but if you ever wanted to go to the city, NY and Philly were only a sub-2 hour drive away.
What are the Higher Education Achievement Reports (HEARs)? These are a richer picture of student achievement, including accredited awards e.g. employabilty awards. Still working on how these can be joined up or integrated.
the Earth's core.
Then you know it's Spring.
Well his blog and the aforementioned fall out relating to the video made me think of all the things that are so completely different from my hometown as compared to where I live now, in Orlando *aka shitville* Florida. Things that I get made fun of BY people from Orlando, my Orlando family included...
FG=1.008@75F
Global Issues in Learning & Teaching
08. Then I Close My Eyes
His statement reminds me of a third-grade riddle we used to ask each other: Why do elephants paint their toe-nails red? So they can hide in cherry trees. Addressing the skepticism: have you ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree?
It's the only routine he knew. Seeking attention. Preying for victims. Spying on someone else's Achilles' spot. Never mind the outwardly physique, it is the true psyche that matters most. And for that, he plainly lost. He will never get rid of his own murky shadows.
This is an angel made out of an old church song book my sister gave me a few years ago for my birthday in November and the sweet little pug ornament I got this year from my daughter in memory of Sissy my little pug who died this year
Shock horror - the Tories take money from rich people, and pursue policies in favour of rich people; who would have guessed??? Why is anyone surprised that a Party, which was set up by members of the Aristocracy, and then replaced the Liberal Party, as the natural home of the country's Capitalists, and their supporters amongst the Upper Middle Classes, takes money from those people, and that it pursues policies in their interests? Its like expecting the Manchester United Fan Club, to organise events to support Manchester City!!!
Just a few of my favorite things.
Forget mad scientists, these politicians who wanna negotiate for this "stuff" are far more mad and far more scary because they wanna take what makes the United States of America unique away from us, and drive us into the bog of eternal stench. Slavery of every stripe stinks to high heaven and that's what this "stuff" is, the chains of slavery.
Isaac Newton
Then came sixth grade and in social studies we learned of cultures that were more ancient than I had yet come across. Mesopotamia, Sumer, Ur, Arabia. Soon, reading of these places just wasn’t enough. I wanted to go there, walk in the paths of the archaeologists that were unearthing all these artifacts that were being proven to record history thousands of years back. A new enthusiasm took hold and I actually started consider the possibility of a career in antiquity.
Movie of the Year: Bridesmaids, The Hunger Games, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, The Help, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 1. Best Female Performance: Emma Stone (Crazy, Stupid, Love), Emma Watson (Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2), Jennifer Lawrence (The Hunger Games), Kristen Wiig (Bridesmaids), Rooney Mara (The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo). Best Male Performance: Channing Tatum (The Vow), Daniel Radcliffe (Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2), Joseph Gordon-Levitt (50/50), Josh Hutcherson (The Hunger Games), Ryan Gosling (Drive).
“Yes,” Krystal squealed. “I got it done! I was up way into the night, but old Harry’s bound to see I’m not scum.”
Saturday 8th Liverpool 02 Academy
Black Wine
Dear 2007 Mitchell (heretofore known as "Dumbass"),
With her flowers
In the middle of our conversation, I told her that I had been meaning to write a list of things that I have experienced that were difficult to get through. I wanted to present it to her as a ‘Letter To My Daughter’ sort of gift when she graduated from high school and was beginning to live her own life. I wanted her to know that if she ever experienced any of the same type of things, that she wasn’t alone. She looked at me, with tears falling down her cheeks and said, “I wish you had it for me right now.”
And our chance to move with Him
Schrader SM, Breitenstein M, Turner TW, Simon SD. Longitudinal Study of Semen Quality of Unexposed Workers: Seminal Plasma Characteristics. Presented at the VI International Congress on Spermatology, Siena, Italy, September 1990.
-3-4 cloves garlic, diced
I really admire the style of artists such as Roben-Marie Smith, Donna Downey and Traci Bautista. I like their wild and colourful freestyle attitude and as I said recently, it is a real chance for me to just play and express myself next to all the DT work.
Hmmm... And, WOW!!! Reading all of that, I wondered what the original text said. I posted a query to LM_NET (over ten thousand librarians subscribe to LM_NET) hoping someone had a copy of the 1935 edition.
Mud Wrestling with McLuhan Part 2 – Retribalization – Focusing in on McLuhan’s ideas about electronic media initiating a “retribalization” of human society.
I'm happy to present another interview with a grown unschooler! To see all interviews with grown unschoolers on this blog, go here. And now, I hand the reins over to Anna:
Because you can feel that I will be near to you.
Take a look at the “Awards!” page and nominate your favorite blogs for an award by leavening a comment on this post.
Freeze until firm in your choice of ice cream moulds.
- remove from the mold and enjoy!
Spanish: Rosetta Stone, as mentioned above.
I am honored, humbled, privileged and simply can't believe
It may be that Gingrich is growing more obstinate due to the calls from the public and Team Santorum to suspend his race as there is no clear way in which, at this point, Gingrich can win the delegates necessary to do much of anything – he is headed into Ron Paul territory with each primary or caucus. It is difficult to imagine that a politically savvy individual like Newt Gingrich would be doing this out of some sort of “spite”; however, one might see him doing so for political position. While these “rumors” of a Romney Gingrich (taking one for the team, so to speak) alliance pick up steam, the former Speaker is doing little to mitigate the mounting circumstantial evidence that he is either crazy (not likely) or in bed with Romney. It happened before, in 2008 Romney considered Newt Gingrich as a V.P. Running Mate, although a bit premature considering he failed to get the nomination(Desert News)
I insist on taking a flask of black, sweet coffee to work with me and I sip at it constantly through my shift til midnight…no wonder I don’t sleep too well!!
HAVE FUN! AND HAPPY FRIDAY? (and Thursday)
Friday 12 Febuary
What next? Read about it here:
I think there is some very deep issue with being a writer under all this. To do with how much you want to be in other people's heads and how much you don't. If you didn't want to at all, you wouldn't write (or you wouldn't publish). But - I don't know those readers! They can have my carefully constructed narratorial/discursive voice in their heads - that's what it's for - but I don't want them to think it's me. Perhaps that's why I don't like to be heard in real life - no readings, no school visits, no radio, not even any phone...
Hubby and I just sat down to eat at Bob Evans when the phone rang. It was Beth. She said that John ( remember him from the hospital.....the sugar daddy who took her right from her hospital bed to get drugs and then left her alone unable to get out of bed alone with 6 broken vertabrae) was going to take her home but we could meet them at the drug store. I said, "why do you want me to meet you at the drug store I already gave you 50 dollars of your weekly allowance." She said she was going to use that money on groceries........... At that moment the waitress came and I said I would have to get back to Beth.
I feel quite tenderly towards the king: he’s gentle, kind, well-intentioned – and a bad parent. Life has proved hard and he’s opted out, neglecting the kingdom and his child, leaving her to cope with the loss of her mother on her own. She’s lonely, isolated and abused by the housekeeper, although he doesn’t know about that – or to be more accurate, he hasn’t noticed.
Levy, Steven. 2006. “Identity”. In The perfect thing: how the iPod shuffles commerce, culture and coolness. Simon & Schuster Paperbacks: New York. Accessed March 16, 2012. https://cmd.library.qut.edu.au/KCB201/KCB201_BK_272671.pdf
Despite the openness of the space visually, the house is actually divided up into good size spaces with air envelops to allow for efficient mechanical cooling when required.
9/27 – The Station – Portland, ME
9. There is a very common misconception that Roman soldiers were paid in salt (hence the word Salary), but in fact they were paid in normal money. The connection with salt is possibly through the fact that the soldiers protected the salt roads leading to Rome (Via Salarium). Roman Soldiers were private employees - rather than state employees.
training my eye to see through
In conclusion, Karen Crouse has a lot better idea of the ethics, values and duties of journalism than you do. Depriving Augusta National of the oxygen of publicity is not only the right thing to do, it might well be the most effective thing to drag the club, kicking and screaming, into the 21st century. The fact that she listened to your “talking to” and apparently didn’t shove a pica pole up your hindquarters also suggests she has a higher level of patience than anyone this side of Mother Teresa.
In my 40s I got way more vampy with my makeup. Much more eyeshadow, more eyeliner, I added lipstick, I added a bit of foundation to smooth out my skin, I discovered bronzer. Women in their 40s come into their own if you ask me. We're hitting our sexual peak, we are at our most attractive because we have lots of experience to back up that body we're walking around with. I remember flirting with a young server at an Italian restaurant and him looking at me dreamily after stating, "I just love older women."
Vice Chief of Staff, United States Army (‘04-‘08)
In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, onion, pepper, garlic, thyme, and rosemary. Cook until the vegetables are starting to brown, 10-15 minutes, then season with salt and pepper.
Her words hit me with unexpected emotion. I don't think I've ever been more proud. I only hope she's right.
Think cupcake. Think…chocolate cake with a hint of espresso. Filled with a rich coffee crème with crunched up espresso beans. Topped with an espresso chocolate buttercream frosting and espresso bean crunchies.
and it ain't exactly prison
Part 3 - Social Psychology and Online Communities
15 g Magnum (60 min.)
What does that even mean?
I thank my Grandpop Foster, cousins Rian and Joe, and brothers Rich and Jimmy for making me realize your actions are far greater than many. I love you!
The other night at work I went over to talk to a colleague and was startled by her patient's severe jaundice. I blurted, "She looks like a Simpsons character."
For this time, I made once on blue-green tones, "warmed" by a touch of pink here and there, glittering the outline and the skirt, with some gems that give a "frosty" touch and a softy pon-pon ribbon... hope my sweet boyfriend will love it, it's for him!
I had to dash off just as Candy Gourlay was asking a question because I had an hour long session coming up with a publisher, which was very profitable - watch this space.
Now add the chicken carcass, back, skin and all. If there’s any jelled broth in the bottom of the container, scrape that out into the pot. Don’t bother breaking up the pieces since you’ll be removing them in a few minutes. Push the chicken well down into the simmer; cover the pot tightly again. Make sure the heat is real low at this point and leave it barely simmering for about fifteen minutes. If the broth has reduced, add water, more chicken broth, or - even better - a jar of clam juice (you can find it in the soup section).
Their first anniversary: July 1st, 1941. “At home. Holiday for Walter.”
this may interest some of those who need Idea for original Christmas gift.
We have been placing a low probability of a rapid economic expansion in the intermediate term. This is primarily due to the continued softness in the job picture. The unemployment rate is declining but at a historically slow rate compared to previous recessions. The Global Macro Monitor had a post that encapsulated why the Fed is so concerned about the housing market. This sums up why we feel that a recovery in jobs will restrain the economy for the foreseeable future.
She held her arms out to her sides. “Look at all this, Ty. I’m surrounded by it all day, nearly every day. And then there’s Mick and Gavin and all their friends who passed through the house. I’ve had sports ad nauseum all my life.”
they Know your weak and powdered..
Today I’ve added the following to the Reading List:
negative influence on the movement. Positive in that their early records and militaristic image were particularly influential on Hardcore and negative in that many of their original fans felt deeply betrayed by the direction their records took in their attempt to break America.
I always used to wonder that survey shows that India has very poor sex ratio but i find more girls around me than the boys.
Appreciate the simple
The best way to ensure that the sublicensee has obligations comparable to the licensee’s is for the licensor to draft the sublicence. By so doing, it can be certain to include all the pertinent requirements from the primary agreement. This procedure should be acceptable to the primary licensee.
Skirt:
This past week has been quite an emotional time for the five of us in our immediate family. One of us had/has major health problems, both physical and mental, and as a family we were/are all hurting. But, after many tears, hugs, car dashes to other parts of the country, trips to the doc, and more tears and hugs, solutions have been found. Wheels have been put in place, and things are looking better!
It’s easy to see where this intuition comes from. Essentialism underlies our definitions of autism. Diagnostic criteria are aimed squarely at defining the “core” (essential) characteristics of the disorder. We can even think of an "ideal" autistic person as someone whom Kanner would have identified as autistic – someone with "classic autism". Diagnostic boundaries indicate how much variation away from this ideal can be tolerated before the individual is deemed to be not autistic. Common symptoms that are not part of the diagnostic criteria, such as language delay, intellectual disability, attention deficit, and so on are considered to be non-essential “co-morbidities”, separate and on top of the autism.
Thursday, October 28, 7pm - 10pm
We talked about how even though toasters and hairdryers were made up of similar things, they were very good at different jobs.
The speaker behind the metal grille crackled unpleasantly in reply.
I'm starting to think I have a problem with finding ways to associate fine literature with lolita fashion. Oh well, at least it makes blogging easier! One of my favorite classes right now is an English course called "The American Renaissance," focusing on American writers from the 1803's-1860's- think Thoreau, Melville, and, my current focus, Emerson. This weekend we were assigned his essay "Self-Reliance," which was written around the 1830's or 40's and discusses the importance of non-conformity and being true to one's self. Now, while Emerson was writing to and for male academics of his era, I've been struck during this reading by how pertinent it is to followers of lolita fashion, who mostly have to follow their own internal compass but often get bogged down by the "rules." Here are a few of my favorite quotes from the essay, all of which I think a lolita could really benefit from:
