Short Mountain isn't the only micro-distiller toying with the 'real' moonshine (i.e., sugarjack) idea, but unless they distill it out to something like vodka, it's probably going to taste awful. That's what people expect from moonshine, they think (mistakenly) that the bad taste means it's strong. (It doesn't, it just means it tastes bad.) It remains to be seen if people will actually buy a true sugarjack product and, most importantly, buy it again.
In-car digital video recording leads to 60% reduced court time and legal liabilities, plus 93% of complaints from people against officers can be dismissed with proper video*! There’s especially a huge demand to have this kind of evidence in the U.S. because the litigation rate here is higher than any other nation. So for those occasions when things inevitably end up in court, you’ll have concrete ways to dismiss complaints and have more solid proof of the plaintiff’s offenses. This way you can protect your police force while keeping them out of court.
And a few weeks ago when I started this blog, it popped up again when I thought seriously about the significance of music in my life and why I feel the urge to write about music and imagination and the inter-connectedness of things. Pythagoras’ theory of ‘musica universalis’ or the ‘music of spheres’ is very publicised and still utterly mysterious to me. But I love the whole concept of the universe being in harmony and some sort of cosmic-mathematical-musical quintessence linking us all together.
The whole nation is celebrating the Slumdog success at the Oscars like there is no tomorrow.
We kept the bike at a place few meters away from the temple entrance and started walking. While we were in front of the entrance, we could see many boys gathered around a girl taking photos with her. I enquired the reason and Sreekumar said that it was a boy and not a girl. It was hard to believe that it was a boy. Go through the image below and let me know if you believe it would be a boy (I am sure the photograph won’t give a real look)
Like most of Aardman Animations other movies “The Pirates!” uses stunning claymation work mixed with computer animated backgrounds to give the film an appealing, rich look and feel. Every frame is full of clever visuals and gags that you probably won’t catch in just one viewing. Unlike the dark and monochrome claymation of Tim Burton’s “The Nightmare Before Christmas” and “The Corpse Bride” (a style I’m also quite fond of), “The Pirates” is bright and colorful. The world of Pirate Captain and his crew is warm and welcoming, and with a running time of just under 90 minutes you’re sure to enjoy your brief time with them as they sail for adventure.
"Like showing us your culture."
Pressure cook Rajma with 4 cups of water till 4 whistles with salt and turmeric. Allow the pressure to ease off before opening the cooker. Keep almost ¼ cup Rajma aside and make a paste of it when it cools down.
When Sigur Ros announced last month that they had a brand new album recorded and ready to go, the collective sigh of relief could be traced all the way from the United Kingdom to the United States and back again. Stories of indefinite hiatuses and even possible break-ups proving to be completely unfounded, Valtari, their first record since 2008's Med Sud I Eyrum Vid Spilum Endalaust, has been confirmed for release on 28th May 2012.
And I’ve even seen games end like this before, though without the Indoctrination aspect as a built-in part of the entire mythos of the series. In Final Fantasy VII, Sephiroth tries to destroy the planet with a magic spell called Meteor, which would kill everything on it and send their lives to the Lifestream, where he would devour them and become unimaginably powerful. Aeris summons an equally powerful spell called Holy, which will indiscriminately destroy everything that is evil, Meteor and Sephiroth or course, but perhaps humans as well, as they are the most selfish of beings in existence. The game ends without a for-sure answer as to what Holy did when it was finally summoned, but after the credits a scene labelled 500 years later plays with Red XIII and his cubs galloping down an abandoned canyon until they reach a precipice upon which he looks down and howls at the sight of completely overgrown city of Midgar. One might assume that humans were deemed too evil to live on and thus Holy destroyed them as well. But more than this, right before the ending sequence Cloud fights Sephiroth one-on-one and, releasing the pent up anger at the antagonist’s atrocities throughout the game and in particular, his life. Cloud cannot die here and when he attacks him, he kills him with an impossible move. It’s assumed this is all in his mind. Cloud finally destroys the part of his brain that Sephiroth controlled earlier.
“Mantashe and Manyi's words reflect the emergence of a strange breed of leaders who are prepared to take taxpayers' money and abuse it for narrow party-political purposes.
before stopping and shagging some seaweed!
At least one company, Fidelis Education, has committed itself to use the data students can download from the Veterans Administration's blue button.
Being a sports team mascot can be an absolutely thrilling undertaking, but there are quite a few things that you’ll need to do the job properly. Not everyone has the passion or the skills to be an effective sports team mascot, but if this is an endeavor that you think that you might like to pursue here is a list of things that you’ll have to have or work on.
2) #11 Ohio State Buckeyes (24-6, 12-5 B1G) @ #5 Michigan State Spartans (24-6, 13-4 B1G), Sunday/3 pm CBS
I liked Darkland which is the place of great erotic potential with its warm colours and hazy atmosphere. His memories of Kayako have an idealised hue and you can see her mysterious allure.
Melissa and Maks performed a paso doble. During rehearsal Maks pushed Melissa to get irritated with him so she could show that when they danced. It worked. She was pissed at him. Now we know why he does this. Good performance. Carrie Ann thought it was her best. Len said he's looking forward to a slower smooth dance from her since she's had to go all out with these so far. Brooke asked whose idea it was for her to kill Maks at the end. Melissa said it was in honor of the 12 who came before her. Score of 22.
Icing sugar- 1/4 cup
We have a beautiful start to the day here. The number of buds on the clematis plants seems to be increasing every time I look out of the window. At the weekend J cleared out the little fountain in the raised bed. It was here when we moved in. We didn't think it worked but it does. Maybe next week there will be 'action shots'!
a remake of Night Ridin' b/w Talk To Me Baby later the same year. They kept recording, in the early 60's just before splitting up they cut sides for Cherry and Courtesy, neither of which I've ever seen or heard.
I mimicked leaves by backing my 3 favourite items to buy with green paper ;)
From the start i would make it clear that they don´t have to agree with my reality, i wouldn´t be seeking for approval, i would just be sharing it with others.
Here is a long list, albeit short for the avid reader, of books that have sparked my interest. I’m telling you, this Nook really has me going on browsing sprees and my list of “to-read” keeps getting longer. Should I stick to the books I have in my crate first? Mmm… right now I’m too gadgety to want to feel physical pages touch my fingertips. The list reflects my books of choice so if there any similar books out there you think I’ll enjoy please do not hesitate to share.
Friend: Hi Jen.
This is how we get the bigger picture.
“From fine writers the preacher can learn one skill that lies beneath all the others. I mean diction.”
And so I must applaud Alma Katsu on a novel so intricate that I find myself once more (for the first time since the days of early Anne Rice vampire chronicles) captivated and romanced by a fictional man that, for the most part, is little more than a villain parading himself about in a terribly unconvincing sheep costume.
A further problem developed because of the use of Christianity. In Riordan's series, the gods are all silly and selfish and capricious, just as they are in the traditional myths. In Law's series, though, the poor mortal kids are often running around without direction--yet they are constantly being reminded that God knows all, that he's in control of everything--but that is troubling, for if He does, He isn't letting anybody know, and such a situation makes him seem almost as capricious as the pagan gods of Riordan's series. If this is meant as a justification and reinforcement of Christian thought, I'm not sure it's doing enough to deal with these problems, and my queasiness with these ideas increased as the stakes rose in the book itself.
From the beginning, Cummings’ family – particularly his father – played a huge role in forming him as a man & as a writer. His father, Edward Cummings, was a man that e.e. looked up to, deeply loved and respected throughout his entire lifetime. His father was tragically taken from him in 1926 as a result of a horrific car accident. His mother survived the crash with significant head injuries & passed away in 1947 after suffering a stroke.
Welcome to the American Police State. Where is your Republican Majority Tea Party?
I've often said that if I have learned ANYTHING in Haiti, it is patience. Now Haiti is asking us all to be patient once again, those both near and far.
Kisses on her skin,
The difference with social media is that it requires trust and autonomy within an organisation. Something often lacking in politically charged environments.
First, the boys and I sanded,
My circular needle case had grown a bit unruly due to the many needles I have. SO then they just were thrown in a bag, at least the ones that no longer fit in the case. So traveling between my house and dad's I felt like a packrat if I wanted to bring my needles. Instead, they all now fit in this petite case?!?! I seriously love it! There is even room for more!
It's 18x24 and I'll show it to you when I get time to work on it more. I'm leaving for my residency in St Augustine on Monday and will be away for a week. I'll get back to the painting a week from Monday.
With headliners like As I Lay Dying, Slayer, and Slipknot, this has potential to be a very heavy show. However, with the recent death of Slipknot bassist Paul Gray, I’m wondering how their performance will turn out. I found All Hope Is Gone to be a rather successful album and though the band is planning to complete yet another record without replacing Gray, I hope their shit doesn’t get soft – like Stone Sour soft.
"I found you a blouse today."
FM Sources @320
In my last post I wrote about the snow that fell after BoyBuckets was born. It was a life moment I will never forget and we always tell him about it. On his 5th birthday, I went to a conference and he went to pre-school with his birthday treats. The weather forecast said sunny and 50. As I sat in the conference and looked out at the gray, cloudy day, the snow started to fall. BIG, fluffy snow. I looked at the clock and realized it was almost the exact same time as the snow that welcomed him in the world 5 years before. I seriously could not stop myself from crying at the magic of it all. I raced to school to pick him up for a special birthday outing and lunch and his face was glowing from the excitement. After all these years of telling him about the magic snow that came on his birthday...."Momma! It's my birthday snow!"
14. Chemical Imbalance
The town they entered was a far cry from neat, tidy Federas. Lacking local timber, Vessit was cobbled together from driftwood, beach stone and scroungings from the old city. The effect was striking, even riotous. A dwelling on the outskirts consisted of a waist-high, flared wall of lumpen stones in a dozen colours, topped by a flimsy structure of red-brown driftwood that rattled enough to make Dora jump when the wind struck it.
Well, I know the people I know. And if I used to know someone and fell out of touch with them, it's usually - not always, but usually - because I decided I wanted to. I'd much rather my real-life friends (he said, as if he had any friends in real life - or indeed as if he had any life outside the internet) keep in touch with me more privately, by phone and email and - best of all - face-to-face. I'm prepared to accept that Facebook is a useful tool for managing event invites, but I don't want to actually socialise on Facebook.
Gold is used mainly in jewelry but is also a component in electronics. Extremely valuable and easy to smuggle, armed groups are earning approximately $50 million per year from gold.
The Suspect follows the psychological journey of both Alberg and George Wilcox as they dance around each other. The rear cover of my copy has a small box that says “Who’s likely to like this? Fans of Scandinavian mysteries, with which it shares a sense of chilly introspection.” Definitely an apt phrase. I also see the similarity with Scandinavian mysteries though The Suspect moves much faster than most of the Scandinavian mysteries I’ve read.
But the one I really loved that we lost this week was Adam Yauch, of course. MCA. He was taken way too soon -- 47 was way too young to go, and I think that he had a lot of good left to do. And it's funny -- I was almost shocked at the outpouring of love for him on the old facebook feed. I mean, I knew on a certain level that a lot of people loved The Beastie Boys, but I didn't realize that so many of my friends would be so affected. But I guess it makes sense -- they were smarmy teenagers when we were, and we all kind of grew up together. (Though admittedly he grew up a lot better and kinder than most of the rest of us did.)
Floor plan porn seems to be a popular post on this blog. Now I don't know whether it's the floor plan part that's attracting all the hits, or the 'porn'? (But if it's the latter, shame on you! The only wickedness around here was the post on The Queen.) Whatever it is, it's prompted me to do another post about the, er, voyeuristic appeal of good lines and a great layout. So to speak.
So! Onto the Honourable Mentions. Please note the following:
is only a mask
2. Fountain Pens. High Cost Version. Skip this section. Again, unless it's on their list as a HAVE to HAVE Christmas item and you know exactly what the person wants...don't don't do it. Just being expensive does not mean that the person will love/use it. And...unless you know what you are doing, avoid used fountain pens on eBay, yes there are some great deals out there but its not that unusual to buy a fountain pen on eBay needs some work. Not a cool gift. It's easy to spend $1000 on a fountain pen, it's not easy to sneak in how much you paid for it to the person that has no idea what you just bought them. I will admit the Vanishing Point by Pilot is still pretty sweet. It's not for the novice, but a really fine gift for those who know their way around a pen.
And as I rise above the tree lines and the clouds
brads to the rose sticker.
Today we mourn the passing of a beloved old friend, Common Sense, who has been with
For what you couldn't
When you take the cheese out of the wooden container it is wrapped in white paper, just like cow’s milk Brie. Upon removing the paper it looks and feels like cow’s milk Brie. I let it stand for an hour to come to room temperature. I’ve learned that cheese almost always tastes its best when at room temperature. When I cut into the cheese it looked like the cow’s milk Brie I was used to, only a bit firmer.
Thank you for stopping by.
Would this be changing politics for the better in our country? Would giving real people whom do not have lobbyists a chance to talk about their issues change people’s mind about how their government cares about it?
A false warrior is an inwardly insecure and weak person who is pretending to be strong, a false self trying to prop itself up on positive feedback and by receiving positive blog comments. Sometimes it takes much more strength to say “I’m sorry, I was acting like an avoidant coward; I wasn’t living from what’s best in me” than it does to say “Deal with it.”
He has lately started tasting many other vegetables, thanks again to the blog!
I've been honored to be allowed into their stories. I've been moved to tears by their support and comments on my story. And we've just begun! I can't wait to read more of their writing and can't wait to share more of mine with them. And with their encouragement, I can't wait to write some more.Their comments have given me the freedom to write what I think, feel and know. A weight has been lifted. No more holding back. I'm going to let 'er rip. I have a four-day weekend ahead of me, by design, with only "WRITING" on my calendar. Bliss.
It was about half way through the third band – a superb group called The Inflictors – that I stopped thinking about the newspaper and started thinking about what kind of images I would like to see. And then everything changed. I started enjoying myself much more, I tuned into the rhythm and movements of the musicians so I could start to predict where they were going to be by the time I clicked the camera, and the quality of the photos improved.
Will we be getting our fairytale ending? I wonder. I wonder. I enjoyed reading Fins are Forever, I didn't love it but it was good and I liked reading it. I'm quite sure everything will go alright at the end. But what if Tera decides to surprise us again? Oh no.
The blog wants to speak now: The "pop culture" tab has now been rearranged so the latest information is first. I hope to be adding updated info to all of the tabs in the next few days.
This can't be happening ...
I love you guys very much for supporting and establishing a rapport with my throughput this journey. It’s time to move on. To what? I don’t know, but it was fun while it lasted.
But the jury convicted her on four misdemeanor counts of providing false information to law enforcement officers.
Soft utility another slight repeat from last summers utility chic, this time it’s a lot softer, less structured. Match green shading with gold embellishment and softer cuts of fabrics,
"Not Jehovah, the Father."
So, then, if I’m to change the demon somehow (and I will; I think Wentworth’s critique is spot-on and really helpful), what kind of change are we talking here? Physical (not in a box but a sheep’s bladder?), operational (it doesn’t want your soul, but rather your eyes or your hair or your sense of humor), metaphorical (it doesn’t represent evil, but simply fear or despair or even, just for the hell of it, hope), or what? Is this enough? Of note, it isn’t called a demon, but rather a ghul, and the setting is sufficiently unique from your average fantasy tale to keep it interesting–I assumed I had done enough to make it fresh. Perhaps it was fresh, but maybe not fresh enough.
Write out the moral of your recent reading or discuss it with your reading partners. Explain why you think your moral is a good lesson that can be learned from the events of the story.
Such incidents were baffling to Anbalagan, who said that journalists up until then, were in good relations with the police.
Ich: i have to stop listening to duran duran first.
It is not acceptable to threaten violence if things are not going your way or if you happen to disagree with the decisions of the democratically-elected government. Not only is it not acceptable, it is unconstitutional.
The ad opens with “2008: An economic meltdown” and highlights spiking unemployment rates, foreclosures, plummeting stocks and then emphasizes that they came “all before this president took the oath.” The video goes on to talk about Obama’s decision to champion the automobile industry bailout opposed by Mitt Romney. It then takes viewers on a foreign policy detour, showcasing the raid that killed Osama bin Laden with what appears to be night-vision footage of a military operation, as the narrator boasts of “our greatest enemy brought to justice by our greatest heroes.” It also touches on the troop withdrawal from Iraq, then pivots back to the economy.
Daddy and lovey are both coming home over Easter so Momma and I plan to keep the festivities going all weekend. Take a look at these cocktails inspired straight out of the Easter Bunny's basket. These adult drinks are perfect for after dinner on Saturday night while being not so adult while watching my favorite Easter movie as a kid. Momma ordered it yesterday on Amazon and I squealed like a little pig when she told me! (Sorry boys..)
A major achievement for the PSNI in putting up thorough and credible case ‘Big Fella’ casts long shadow on list of foes Parents shocked as priest shows pornographic image Mike Nesbitt is new Ulster Unionist leader New Titanic Belfast complex opens Derry woman’s US award 4,000 gather for Household Charge protest Campaigners criticise Shatter ‘arrogance’ on household charge Northern Ireland embarks on new ‘Tesco tax’
Yes, the pun is on purpose.
“Intention energizes willingness, which thereby enables transformation to replace the limitations consequent to resistance.” -Scott Jeffrey, Dissolving the Ego
Look who's been coming around every morning! Yep, check this chick out!
The three of us exploded with laughter.
In this video, Steve Jobs responds (with admirable restraint) to a rather rude and critical question. The clip is supposed to be all “look how to handle criticism like a pro!” but I already know how to do that. Let’s see, angry mob on speed-dial, blackmail folders set up on – what? Oh. Sorry. Right.
The researchers noted that people with the highest levels of omega-3 fatty acid intake (EPA, DPA, and DHA) showed lower risk for developing AF.
Our flight from LA to Maui was delayed because once the plane pulled onto the runway area a large puddle appeared under the plane. Turns out there was a hydraulic fluid leak. 3 hours later we left. Abby slept on both flights to Maui and then on both flights home. The flight from Maui to La was also 3 hours late.
And to my daughter who would rather have me than all of my kingdom or even someone else’s kingdom-
I did finish Sea Shards, but I'm so tired of it that I'm not going to post again until it's quilted.
Many adverse conditions come to Christians because of the lack of physical strength. At Paul’s weakest point… Christ’s power covered him like a tent. He will cover you as well. Paul was not demon-possessed… but he was under continuous demonic attack. Paul was an anointed apostle, and the devil attacked that anointing in Paul. Those attacks produced the adverse conditions as seen in 2 Corinthians 11:26-27. When Jesus told Paul that His grace was sufficient… He was saying, “Paul, I am going to protect you and keep on protecting you. I will make the demonic messenger stand off from you. Paul, it will be a continuous action.” This is what Paul took pleasure in… Christ’s continuous covering that covered him like a tent.
Yes, on a simplified movement and encumbrance table.
According to RawStory “At 7pm state troopers began forcibly removing the 100 protesters that remained in the building. Washington State Patrol Sgt. J.J. Gundermann said that 30 people received trespassing citations and three were arrested. A fourth protester had been arrested earlier in the day.The protesters who were given trespassing citations will not be able to return to the Capitol building or the Occupy encampment at Heritage Park for 30 days.”
(but we missed the boys, of course!)
D They would have been happy to have cheered for a winner.
So when we sell North American rights only and then request that the US publisher pull down their edition from the UK market, we aren't looking to screw UK readers. It's simply that the author might not get legitimately paid for those copies. If it's not in the grant of rights and not showing up on any royalty statement...
After an agonizing wait, our food came. I ordered the sampler plate (of course!!! you get to try as many things in one go!!! I LOVE this option on menus!!!). This my friends, was “smaller” portions (no, really, they were smaller than if you ordered the full plates) of all the best things on the menu: fried chicken, shrimps (I substituted for gravy chicken), ribs (both short AND North Carolina barbecue) and your choice of three sides! Heaven! My sides were the collard greens, mashed potatoes and corn bread stuffing. BEST COLLARD GREENS I’VE EVER HAD. And I don’t make that statement lightly. Libby Keating has taken me to some of the best Southern home cooking joints outside of Nashville, most notably Barbara’s, but these greens were truly phenomenal. Not bitter, perfectly seasoned with pork. I think they were my favorite part. Ohhh yum. The mashed potatoes and gravy were delicious, and I liked the corn bread stuffing, but only for a couple bites. I was getting too full, and they were a bit too much bread/starch, in light of the rest of my plate. The protein winners on my plate were the fried chicken ($1 extra for white meat) and the North Carolina barbeque ribs. Ohhh yum. The skin was crispy on the chicken, and the meat moist. The BBQ ribs had such a good sauce and the meat just fell off the bone. I even got a little on my cheeks. Okay, a lot on my cheeks. The short ribs weren’t my favorite, but they weren’t bad. They had a sweetness to them that I found interesting (in a good way). I have to admit, at this point, I didn’t even make it to the smothered chicken (relax, it was more fried chicken covered in gravy, it wasn’t like I would actually leave a stone unturned. I got the gist).
Even you were to push me away,
It doesn’t matter the spiritual path or personal largesse extended in terms of forgiving others, I have yet to meet a 100 percent completely unbiased human. To even verbalize that one ‘does not get into morals and values’ is also biased because it is a judgement on those of us who have them or live by them. To me, that is akin to Adbusters Magazine where they protest via the exact same media under protest. Insane crazy.
I also bought an apple peeler, some clear-jel, labels for jars that I can personalize. I'm set.
Since then, army defectors and protesters who took up weapons have formed militias, initially to protect protesters.
you would need. But how cool would that be? To see planet earth when it very
Just as Ray Liotta in Goodfellas always wanted to be a gangster, I've endlessly yearned to live in Swansea. My father used to drive the Trawscambria coach down there from Dolgellau, and it was a regular treat to accompany him. We told the school I was off gelding shepherds or something suitably rural.
You look awesome! I can't believe you have had six kids. You keep on mentioning your weight and trying to eat healthier and I picture someone much larger than you are. - Lowa
Joan, her elder by 7 years, was a tacit but incredibly smart man. (Joan is the Catalan variation of the Castillian Juan, or English John.) He was from Lleida, a mountainous region of Northern Catalonia, but had stopped his career mountain climbing after he saw too many of his friends die doing it.
Art. Vicious one-armed teacher. Expert at throwing things at naughty boys. More inclined desks and high stools. And so serious! Yes, I wanted to draw and paint better but I wanted to do what I wanted to do. I wanted to enjoy myself. Who in our class was going to become a serious artist for Christ's sake? Come on, let's be honest. Just how many artists has this school produced in its history? I bet it's none. Then why in God's name were we doing this? We might as well have been having fun, taking the piss out of things. You never know, there might have been some budding cartoonists.
My mom got a Bourbon Island Crepe ($14SG ~$11US) with mango marmalade tossed in light caramel sauce infused with Vanilla Bourbon tea and flavored with coconut, lime and vanilla.
Summer of '42
A couple of months ago a lady came into the gallery and told me about her friend Hanna who 'does ceramics' and said she'd put her in touch with me.
However, it remains of concern that even The Daily Telegraph (Comment, April 18) persists in so misunderstanding the BNP as to describe it as "an extreme Right-wing party". I have carefully re-read the BNP manifesto of 2005 and am unable to find evidence of Right-wing tendencies.
- anthea caddy & thembi soddell - host - room40 - 2012
CEO Business Management Solutions specializes in strategic planning and strategic management consulting services and counseling services specifically for CEOs, Company Owners, Founders & Presidents. These services can be beneficial towards providing you with someone to counsel with in your time of need, helping you to celebrate your successes and bounce back from your failures. These management consulting and counseling services can help you to become a better at what you do and for what you are trying to accomplish in your business, life and career.
Although Eve Carson clearly had some interaction with her killer before her death, and was alive long enough to be forced to reveal her ATM card PIN number, let us hope that neither she nor Lauren Burke suffered the terrible deaths which Channon and Christopher did. Accounts differ as to the degree of the brutality, and whether both suffered sexual mutilation at the hands of their five African American killers, however, the details which are confirmed reveal a horror which no innocent young couple should ever have to suffer.
The better approach, Uchitelle suggested, is to use several measures of deprivation. What would those measures be? While mentioning crime, his essay remained focused on the economic aspect — on the ability to afford “food, clothing, shelter, utilities, and a little bit more.”
We seemed to taxi forever after we landed.. Coming into the airport the level of haze in the air was amazing.. My camera was stowed or I'd have taken photos..
About the Editors: Virginia personal injury lawyers with the Shapiro, Lewis & Appleton law firm only handle injury and accident law cases. We have experience handling car, truck, motorcycle, van and SUV accident claims, and our case results speak for themselves. Rick Shapiro and James Lewis have been listed among the Best Lawyers in America since 2008. They, along with fellow attorney Randy Appleton, have also been named Virginia Super Lawyers since 2010, an honor fewer than 5 percent of outstanding attorneys receive. Our primary office is in Virginia Beach, but we often represent clients in Portsmouth, Norfolk, Chesapeake, Hampton, Newport News, Suffolk, Richmond and throughout the Commonwealth.
We need to focus on the behavior, and not the attraction of the person. If you focus on the behavior then you won’t have trouble seeing what God wants for you. A woman attracted to another woman may find it difficult or impossible to marry and be faithful to the man she marries. We are all in control of our behavior. If God calls you to marry, you can choose to be faithful, and pleasing in God’s sight.
Maybe the team needs some kind of good luck charm or something. Maybe having a group prayer around the arena might work. I've seen to many Blazers seasons and players go down in flames because of some debilitating injury.
But I was disappointed when I started to hang them...
In fact, I haven't read a blog post in 3 days, which is like sacralidge. :) Ok, not that bad, but you get the idea!
Then I took my BG05 and darkened the shadows on his cape and mask a little more.
Here are some of my dreamy ideas for our garage this year:
I went to a folk music concert with a group of friends, after the concert my always absent lover showed up and invited to go off with him. I declined and went home where I took what turned out an insufficient amount of Dimedrol. While waiting for death I thought briefly of my parents who’d probably not get why I was dead. I was certain it didn’t matter what they thought. I would disappear and with me everything else would disappear. A solipsism of suicide.
Vespers are first Vespers of the following feast of St. Peter Damian with a corresponding colour change to white. Commemorations are sung of the feria (the antiphon on the Magnificat and collect are proper) and of St. Peter and of St. Paul.
Another thing that seems a bit early this year is the incredible amount of spider webs in my yard. They are everywhere! It looks like the house has been decorated for Halloween. It doesn’t help matters that I have spent a lot of time outside with my broom – knocking down the webs – not flying around the neighborhood. Many of these webs look more like a blanket covering a corner or thrown over a plant. I read that these spiders are called Weaver spiders and they are the most common type of spider around. English superstition says that if you coax the weaver onto your hand you will have good luck. Why don’t you try it and let me know if it works?
Such is not an easy task. Kelly’s Heroes was released in 1970 when the nation was growing sick of the Vietnam War raging on the nightly news. War was not a heroic subject at the time, even when the war is against villains like the Nazis. The only way to pull of a war movie under those circumstances was to make it an irreverent romp full of anti-heroes out to serve themselves during a less ambiguously moral war. Perhaps surprisingly, the formula worked.
This blackberry swirl cheesecake is what you do with them. Chocolate graham cracker crust,
That night (early this morning) I went to bed with the illustration penned and sized on watercolor paper, with some under painting completed. I woke up at 6am to get some work done before we went to town. On the way home I had the shocking realization that 5:00 New York time is 4:00 Iowa time! That provided me with the extra shot of adrenaline I needed! I finished at 3:30. Just in time to scan and send it.
I also worked in a runaway home at that time and Jamie was placed there occasionally due to problems at home. One night I was working the midnight shift and had fallen asleep watching TV when a man entered the dark room and began attacking me, trying to put his hands inside my clothes while on top of me. When I began screaming the huge, drunk man ran. While I was calling 9-1-1, Jamie was the one who caught him trying to sneak back in a bathroom window and chased him away with a baseball bat.
Blame for this but I was too scared.I was “settled down” not willing to risk again and deal with more issues than mine,I was enjoying a good life.Now it’s vice versa and I am glad one of us is out of the hook.Finally.There is hope for you.When there is almost none for me and the saddest part is that nobody cares.I do,you do,we do and I thank you for caring even if it’s partially fake.
So if you are looking for a cool way to turn your blog photos into something creative def check out this site. You can upload from your computer or connect right to facebook. After you are done, save your photo and share it to facebook, twitter, Flickr, email, or even print your photo!
"Can I?" she asked, wide eyed with excitement.
1) Harriet makes funny little noises at the plane.
I will not be a prisoner to Apple, Xbox, Playstation, Sephora, and all the other brands my kids are heavily influenced by. I'm looking to Etsy this year to purchase some of my gifts, so if you have an Etsy shop, just leave me a comment below. I will definitely check it out.
Imperfectly.
Sean has been talking about taking the family hiking on the Old Rag mountains for a few months now, and I, of course, have been stalling. It’s not that I don’t like hiking, I love it, but on the plain surface, by a beautiful river or through the woods. Not any more labor intensive than that! But spring break came around and this guy went berserk on me. Things got so bad that he would dream of Old Rag and scream ‘Old Rag Mountain, here we come’ in his dreams. No, that didn’t happen, I am exaggerating a bit!
ANYWAY. I was a little concerned about how we were going to integrate our newly established eating habits into a weekend camping trip - because we love to eat camping food - you know...burgers, brats, baked beans, chips, and cookies.
What: Press Conference highlighting the Green Fort Greene & Clinton Hill spring greening initiatives
Fourteen days into my healthy eating plan I’m reminded that weight loss is more about facing my inner demons than simply giving up my favourite foods. I found the courage to step onto the dreaded scales. Following this ordeal were three days of intense detoxing as I learnt to live again without caffeine, wine and processed food. The first afternoon after work was the worst. With a throbbing headache I opened the fridge eagerly reaching for the chilled bottle of Sauvignon Blanc, and found my hand shaking in anticipation. My trembling hand shocked me as I’d never considered that I may actually be dependent on my evening glass of wine. I reluctantly closed the fridge door. I am not only fighting the ’fatty-boom-bah’ war, but a battle with my addictions as well!
michigan sand dunes
* 3/4 oz. Vodka
Wow... I've been M.I.A. for quite some time! It's been even busier around here, and it's hard to even wrap my head around what I've gotten myself into!
Now you can attach the aircan without worry. Again, screw it on so that it is nice and tight without being too tight. Once the aircan is attached to the hose place the can in the holder. This keeps the liquid air from tipping into the hose and splattering when you go to spray.
I'm ready for the holidays.
Being told I should do anything is a great way to get me to not-ever-no-way-Charlie do it.
I don’t know—what are your thoughts?
You get the picture?
Scrappen is still my favorte, bud it likes that I have less time to this.
The 7th puppy was born at 4.35am.
When baby starts walking, you can tie these slippers onto her feet and tell the tyke, “Don’t wander into the road, sweetie pie. Or you’ll end up smashed flat into the concrete with a tire tread down the middle of your back. Then someone will come along to scrape up your bloody remains and turn you into slippers.”
His new sidekick is Brain Kennedy. He is a very successful businessman, but one who seems to have no attachment to Rangers, He is believed to be a Hibs fan, but in fact more interested in rugby. His involvement in this process seems to have been reluctant, with him saying earlier that (and I paraphrase) he did not want to be the successful bidder, but he would step up if no one else did to save Rangers and its legacy. That was not exactly Bruce’s speech to the troops at Bannockburn, or the Gettysburg Address as far as rallying cries are concerned.
Thanks for being a blog-lover,
The Son is of the Father alone: not made, nor created, but begotten:
To enter today's giveaway, simply leave a comment below (one entry per person) and I'll pick the winner from a hat (aka Random). Deadline: Monday, April 16, 2012 at midnight PDT. If your comment isn't linked to a blog where I can find you, please leave your email. Shipping to U.S. addresses only. Disclosure: I'm paying for the cutters and shipping.
(Sheep and shepherds)
Knowing the power-hungry band of thieves and worse we currently employ in Washington, the answer to each of these questions is most assuredly: not long.
In terms of colour and ‘niceness’, I think having six small LED spotlights gives a much nicer feel than 3 nasty CFLs. I’ll put up some pictures when the ceiling is finished.
1 deaths
2 providing
adaptation of a Four Swallows recipe. Four Swallows is a restaurant on
My Twitter interaction with King Mo made me think this came across as comparing the level of fighting to the UFC. That wasn’t my intention just to say for people who missed it that they weren’t there yet. Of course, they aren’t as they are a first time promotion. The point of this piece was to say that they had a good start and with better fighters, and match making it will get better. These are two things that happen over time, I know that but I couldn’t think of many ways to improve them in the actual fighting otherwise.
This is all grand however the fun part of the May tree is this:
when I looked to see who wanted me
The Prodigy: Take Me to the Hospital
In 2003, Rich and other poets refused to attend a White House symposium on poetry to protest to U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.
9: It's A tweakers paradise unlike all other playback formats.
It's microwavable SMORES!
His reply was "Always *smiles*"
The Mumbai High Court judge harps, time and again, on how sound recording companies (that have acquired the license from owners of underlying works such as lyricists and music composers to create the sound recording) need not repeatedly ask for licenses from underlying artists each time they sell a CD containing the copyrighted recording. And therefore it must logically follow that they need not do the same any time a song is broadcast (on FM channel or otherwise).
Department of State
Please stop over at Catch the Bug to see what the other designers are up to and leave them some love. Remember Jodie tries to have them images up by noon but if not check back later...I'm sure they'll be a hoot today!
So on the rare occasion when I actually get to cook for myself, I just get freakishly giddy. At about 5:45 today I realized, "Holy crap! I'm home alone tonight, and I can eat whatever I want!!" So I went to Whole Foods without a list and just decided to see what sounded good and ended up in my little basket.
We set out for a peaceful jaunt across the Icelandic countryside, which included a lot of stunning lava fields and rock formations covered in moss, none of which our cameras were able to adequately capture. But trust me, it was gorgeous. Not as gorgeous: me, being kidnapped by Freyfaxi, who at one point decided to break from the group and run in the opposite direction down the path, then off the path and into the brambles, running back toward the stables as if to say “I know you paid money for this tour and all, little American girl, but there’s a salt lick back there with my name on it so you’re just going to have to deal with this.”
¼ teaspoon salt
One last musing: I tend to want to be everyone’s friend and tend to be shocked when I can’t be. It even manifests itself in very strange ways. I tend to secure approval by being “the guy” who will say anything–who has the guts (can I say “the balls” on this blog?) to say what is on his mind. It works. A lot. And yet, for whatever reason, sometimes I can’t be as close to some people as I would like. I still want to love them any way I can, despite my disappointment in them. So when does that become unhealthy? When does their approval (or time, or attention) become an idol? As a bona fide extrovert, I don’t have the slightest idea.
Now this brings us to the start of the playoffs. The Knicks not only had to play without star point guard Jeremey Lin, but they were going against one of the leagues best, The Miami Heat. Game 1 looked like a high school jv game for the Heat. Miami’s Lebron James put up 23 points in the first half blowing out the Knicks in a game that ended with the Heat winning by 33 points, and to top that game off their shooting guard, Iman Shumpert, tore his ACL in the 3rd quarter. Then there comes game 2 this past Monday. New York had some catching up to do and Anthony sure knew that because he came out firing scoring a game high 30 points. But that wasn’t even to stop the sizzling Heat lead by Dwayne Wade’s 25 point performance. This game ended 104-94 in favor of Miami.
There are so many times when I'm in the mood to read a domestic magazine but while I'm doing so I'm thinking that I should be reading my Bible or at least a devotional. I just found this magazine the other day and was so excited. It has some great articles that are Christian based and they have guest writers and some amazing testimonies, they also have recipes and decorating ideas. There is a calendar to help you read the Bible in a year.I just wanted to share this with everyone because I think that you may enjoy it as much as I did.
And also because of the mention of “those marshmallow candies that look like animals” reminded me of Easter. lol…
Unfortunately we can't make the party today because Darby has a soccer carnival all day (Daddy is coach and I am team manager) and then Tahlia and I have got cheer all afternoon.
When I was a little kid I was obsessed with toys. Mostly, it was stuffed animals, but there were quite a few dolls thrown in as well. It wasn't that I was greedy, exactly, but I would rate my desire to rescue every single toy I ever came in contact with against my ability to acquire it, and how likely it would be able to follow me home if I abandoned it.
your character that will draw you and others
To begin at the most important part, Suzanne is great. Truly
8:00-9:00 PM 90210
Happy stamping til the next time.
Alvin gets help from Digger, who comes out from the manhole. Ian's limo hit a store. He gleefully gets a RC helicopter. But Alvin has a plan, jumping at the RC. Brittany has a plan: throwing their helmets on Ian. Dropping the remote, Jeanette reaches it, Eleanor throws her shoes in the ground, it hits the moving bike and it hits Ian's groin. Alvin and the Chipettes make their getaway successfully. The Chipmunks are preparing to surrender again, yet Toby sings for them. The Chipettes and Alvin arrive and they all sing "We Are Family". They win the grand prize and save the program.
The dream itself didn’t have much of a story, but it did involve being able to run without issue. Being able to walk effortlessly from point to point B. Being able to get on a bike and cycle for hours on end.
Gently fold in the raspberry jam until most of it is combined. The idea is to have some jam streaks running through the mixture, rather than an evenly coloured mixture.
I strongly recommend this book for anyone who has a son or works with boys.
So I’m sitting just outside the cordoned-off area near my block of flats now. Thankfully the fire which was caused by my over-cooked Indomie noodles has now been put out and it would appear it didn’t spread beyond my now rather charred and sorry-looking kitchen. I’m just waiting for the firemen to give me and my neighbours, who are now looking at me with a mixture of pity and disgust, the all-clear to return to our flats.
-We had 7 diapers. Cotton Babies and Kelly's Closet are my favorite cloth diaper websites so far. We purchased our diapers from there and a few came from a local "green" store that carries cloth diapers. Some diapers were purchased with our own money, some with gift cards, and some were given to us as gifts.
very LONG list of things to do around our home,
who kept trying to help me by trying to help Jaikob.
Here we are just before the Book&Author breakfast.
What a great plot thread! (And since my husband and I were surprised by our sixth child *after* I had my tubes tied, I bet he’d love this as an excuse so I can stop blaming him, LOL.) Okay, Robin, before we go, can you tell us what’s next for you?
As such, those little normal aches and pains that you’d not notice or shrug off, begin to seem worse and more constant – because you are now paying attention to them – a physical pain is so much easier to manage than emotional and psychological pain – especially with all the possible medications available to numb everything.
“Hey… what time is it?”
Now I haven’t actually experienced this problem of women throwing themselves at me to make me “love” them, but if someone finally did offer me drunken hook-up sex, I hope that I would remember my little list.
7 Spanish Dance No.5
I try not to have Oreos around the house because once
Looks like the old man is doing well. I think this means we need celebratory noms!!
Meanwhile, after filming for the fourth episode is completed, filming for the Christmas special, the first episode to feature Jenna-Louise Coleman's as of yet unnamed companion will begin. I have to admit I am increasingly looking forward to seeing her and Matt Smith on screen together, regardless of what her character will be or what she'll be called.
nicole was a huge help with the invites.
“I’m fine.” Isis stepped forward, closing in the small gap between her and Rayna. She lowered her voice. “But, I think we both know this little, uh, girl talk isn’t going to be about exchanging pleasantries.”
Stir all with ice, strain into cocktail glass. If you wanna be really fancy, spritz the inside of the glass with lemon extract before you pour it in.Yes, it's a modified martini, but it's nice and herbal and floral and such a beautiful amethyst color…and you really should go make one…
- comes with Serial and model numbers,the LV dust bag,care booklet,LV cards.
There are only a billion individual histories
Oftentimes, young people are told that we are all the same. However, we really are not the same. And that is what makes this world interesting and educational. When you are operating under the belief that everyone is the same, the human tendency is to compare everybody else to ourselves. And if there are distinct differences, we immediately become defensive or judgmental. Instead, we should teach our kids to look at diversity as a great learning opportunity that will broaden their perspectives and move them beyond their own family traditions.
By Randy Kemnitz, MS, CFP, CLU Mr. Kemnitz is Director of Business Planning and Executive Benefits for ING U.S. Insurance Life Sales Support.
He goes on: “And this is where I would take issue with them, because for me a question like “Does God exist?” is not just a matter of poetry or metaphor.
And one more Singing Nun
THE WORK AHEAD OF US
Jacques and Lev are both veterans of the New York dining scene. A native New Yorker, Lev is presently serving as the Chef de Cuisine at Ouest, Tom Valenti’s Upper West Side bedrock of fine dining. He has worked under Tom Valenti as the Executive Chef at The West Branch and Executive Sous Chef at ‘Cesca. His food has been featured in Art Culinaire, The New York Times, Martha Stewart Living and New York Magazine where The West Branch was awarded “Best Fish and Chips” and a “Top 10 Sandwich” for their Cuban.
I also got shot of some books and a set of glass sundae dishes that I didn't need.
My machine does not have any problem quilting with this combination of threads. I was surprised that I didn’t have to do a little adjustment on the tension to keep black dots of thread from showing on the back and gold colored dots showing on the top but will take the gift of perfect tension anytime.The little 1” gold border was first quilted with end to end leaves with a medium tan polyester embroidery thread in the top and the same gold Bottom Line thread in the bottom. I marked the outside of the leaf shapes with one of those mechanical chalk pencils by Fons and Porter using white chalk lead. It brushes off easily so use it a lot, plus it makes a skinny line.Since I heavily quilted the rest of the quilt I felt this narrow border needed more quilting too so added another line of quilting with gold thread to match the fabric. As you can see I echo quilted close to the leaf and just made circle loops to fill in the space. It flattens the border without mudding the leaf design too much.
In the first story, Lesley Stahl interviews Jose Rodriguez, related to his book "Hard Measures." Rodriguez noted: the dark side, that's what we do.
Phillies
-Hammer the metal stamp once with a strong hit. This will give you a clean stamp.
Total Price: $40
Gully came home that night. He refused to sleep on the blanket by the nightstand, where Ed’s own copy of Gulliver’s Travels permanently resided, choosing instead to crouch in the corner in muted misery.
Here I sit 11 hours away from some of my dearest loved ones and I am utterly useless.
I have reviewed every single response and the comments and I have learned from my mistakes.
Anyway, it was fun to hear Phil provide – out loud and in front of an international TV audience – his thought process for transforming his “real” score into his “true” score. If only those counted on the leaderboard!
On one hand, I used to really like her, back in the day. I thought she was a smart, tough-assed chick that suffered no fools, save one. I was very impressed by her win in New York, and THEY love her, no matter what the rest of the country might think. And, I bristled at jokes or insults I heard from all sorts of Bubbas down here.
Her demand ironically comes as Allen Iverson was said to be considering moving to the other side of the world by joining a team in the Chinese basketball league.
all of your gorgeous creations and visiting your wonderful blogs
Once it was dry I simply transferred the base plate from the old top and screwed it to the underside of the new top - this holds the whole thing together and secures it inside the fish tank:
This not-long-from-the nest young robin got me to thinking about all the departures that are soon to happen. Seems like it’s the season for leaving – high school and college graduations, weddings, moves timed to coincide with school-year endings, etc. It occurs to me that there are good and not so good departures.
MajPeterLerner: Soldier from the #IronDome talking now for the #FIDF event telling about his experience of safeguarding the #Israeli towns over the weekend MajPeterLerner: “I have intercepted rockets that were targeting #Israel” at the #FIDF event live shoot from the south of #Israel MajPeterLerner: Lt. Gen. Gantz speaking live at the #FIDF gala event. ICK! Enough w/ the Nude Pregnant Famous People Photos Video: Preparing for an attack against Iran ISIS identifies likely secret Iranian nuclear site
Mmm, a delicious golden-brown cookie, studded with scrumptuous bits and pieces. Just what the sweet tooth ordered. I reach for the treat, sink my teeth into its chewy goodness, and FREAK MY SHIT OUT.
Anne Sexton, Said the Poet to the Analyst
Nonetheless, it was the padded butt/boob costume that got tongues wagging. Shortly after that episode, another featured a 3-year-old parading around in the prostitute costume Julia Roberts wore in Pretty Woman complete with hooker boots and cheap wig. While the general public finds such things repulsive, TLC continues to air what amounts to child abuse every week.
The ground breaking news that stunned me on the radio the other night that some how and don't ask me how LOL but they said that they now know that this single solitary writer known as Shakespeare was a major share holder in the Globe Theatre in London and that he was arrested for brawling in the street..
Hope the guys are ready. I need to blow off some shit. Rip into the bag and get me singing.
My husband’s birthday party was on his mother’s birthday so I had decided to make two cakes. When I asked him what kind of cake does he want, right away he told me red velvet. Well, at that point I had never tried red velvet cake or had I made one. I was up for the challenge, my only problem I wasn’t sure what to expect.
A plan was put into action immediately in Israel to bring the hostages home safely. At the head of the team to lead this effort was a 30-year-old soldier, Lt. Col. Yonatan Netanyahu. “Yoni” to family and friends.
Maybe I’m rambling. Oh god, what if I’m rambling? Do you like rambling? I hope you do. Then this won’t be awkward. It would be good if this isn’t awkward. Phew. I think I’m sweating. I also think I hate the word rambling now.
8.) The party mage begins making crank crystal ballings to random evil warlords.
By: Veronica Roth
Then I noticed that Assouline had produced another candle inspired by – wait for it – a library! (Although they called it a 'Culture Lounge'.) Now I haven't smelled this but I presume it's the scent of thousands of books all piled together in a small airless room, many of them gathering dust, with an old leather armchair as the fragrance's 'top note'.
At your visit with Dr. Miller we found out that you are 4" away from riding the Pteranadon Flyers and The Hippogriff, 8" away from the Simpsons, 10" from MIB, and 16" from the Mummy. I always joke about making you a growth chart based on ride heights. Maybe we need to actually make you one.
And so even the protest is protested. Yet that makes the confusion greater not less, doesn't it? Is the third Thursday in November a Day of Thanksgiving or a Day of Mourning? Is it a day to celebrate universal brotherhood and sisterhood, or a day to remember broken promises and a history of oppression? Should we feel grateful? Or guilty?
Broadband (fast connections)
To help you celebrate and remember Christ's love for you... Enjoy a 5x7 little art print!
Try to keep dry the untouched stretch of my face, eyes full of nothing but I’m sorry. But I’m broken, what is the point? I can’t keep you whole, keep us breathing. I don’t want you to watch me crumble, taste the acrid pity in your stare. My tired supports fail in a tangled mess. To be weak in front of you yet again is so mortifying that I can say nothing at all. You needed my strength, sucked it raw from the marrow of my fragile bones.
_____'love' comes from the heart.. But i suspect 'boobs' in front contribute a lot! ;-)
Speaking of weirdness, I’m ready for this:
I had my headphones in and a dog barked at me, I jumped as if a lion had roared lol.
If none of these works, I have found that you can always rely on your primary contact at the foreign location to help you. You can email before your trip and say, “ I want you to know that I have not had any experience doing business in ____ (country). I want to learn from you and the other managers about the issues you are having there. Please give me a few tips on the proper way to act. I do not want to make any mistakes. I look forward to starting an ongoing and collaborative relationship with you.” ** CONTINUED IN NEXT POST – Part 3**
You say you want to be yourself, by christ do you think they'll let you?
160The lakes that quiver to the curling breeze;
Check out this laughably sexist early Seventies TV spot touting Braniff International stewardesses and their mid-flight "air strip." I'm not sure you could even get away with this in a beer commercial today.
Developer will work in a collaborative team environment which interfaces with SunGard’s client base of Tier One, global financial services institutions. Resource will be part of a team which is comprised of both technical and business resources. The team includes Business Analysts who gather the requirements from our clients, various database and developer experts. Assignments may include such responsibilities as requirements definition, coding, testing, etc wide exposure to all areas of SDLC spectrum, etc. Production/implementation support is also an integral part of the role so strong customer interfacing skills are required.
They have no lot in our labor of the daytime;
And no matter of which he blames me
During my professional career as a doctor of medicine, I was occasionally asked why I chose to do that difficult work. I responded with my opinion that the highest and noblest work in this life is that of a mother. Since that option was not available to me, I thought that caring for the sick might come close. I tried to care for my patients as compassionately and competently as Mother cared for me.
I felt I didn't have much to share without my business as it was.
I know of late I’ve usually posted on Tuesday’s about DD4L & PTSD however I am going to disappoint anyone who comes here just for that this week.
It’s a system in which too much power is concentrated in the hands of the elite and denied to the man and woman on the street. We’ve been seeing the symptoms of that for years. Decisions made behind closed doors. The Houses of Parliament bypassed and undermined.
Eyeballed me, killed him. Slight exaggeration. –Irvine Welsh
Are you attending RootsTech? Last week there was an uproar in the genealogy community, when we found out there would a ban on book sellers in the vendor hall at RootsTech. It was an interesting choice to make by RootsTech. I watched/read with increasing fascination at the comments made on Facebook and blogs expressing outrage over this decision. Well, RootsTech must have read all of the outraged comments as well and reversed their decision. Book vendors will now be allowed in the vendor hall.
and who loves to dance(ballet for ex).
2) We are selling our house! Yep, you read that right -- we are selling our house. Can you believe it? Me neither. It's super exciting, but it's also sad at the same time. I came home from work the other day and started crying when I saw the For Sale sign in the yard. I love our home and it will always be special because it was our first home. But at the same time, I'm very excited about finding a new wonderful home for us.
This sauce is great with add-in, like fresh grated ginger, garlic, and spices. Make it your way to make your taste buds happy. Then put it on everything! Carry a jar in your purse! Ok, maybe not, but I wish I could.
That -- stupidly
James Williams – James is a social media specialist, and he’s not afraid to share his extensive knowledge on his James Williams blog.
On to my card, I thought I'd enter this weeks challenge at Lili's Little Fairies using some of the goodies I won from a previous challenge, really fabby goodies and I was very lucky to win. The challenge is ribbon, buttons and bows. I coloured my seam binding ribbon with copics to match my colour scheme.
Now that those things are out of the way...
Anyone can develop some muscle and endurance without heavy weights, by using your body weight. Open Door Push-outs are a safe and easy way to train your back shoulder muscles for archery.
But I, being poor, have only my dreams;
In my opinion, it is important for children to have fantasies. I think if we tell children not to believe in anything they cannot see or scientifically prove, we are making a mistake. I can’t see electricity or watermarks on paper or the wind, but I know they are real.
Beloved Sukhmani
The pond was shaped like a giant kidney bowl. It was something he noted every time he came to it. He also remembered that the Bible said the kidneys were the seat of the deepest emotions, not the heart.
Rodriguez turns to watch the intern leave, shaking his head. “Made another intern cry, that’s one every day.”
Are you a chef? A public speaker? If you’re a mystery writer, can you find 1000 true fans to pay a hundred dollars a year each to get an ongoing serial from you?
By way of a rapid and by no means thorough update, I figured I'd give a rundown of some of the many, many things we've done so far, having hit the ground running on Tuesday morning with a tour through old oil sites to see the surface indications of L.A.'s subterranean petrology. We visited pumping stations, tar pits, and camouflaged drilling rigs, discussing explosive clouds of methane gas and the machines that monitor those invisible but toxic accumulations, and trying to understand the financial industries that have arisen to package and sell fossil fuels from windowless offices in Los Angeles, all during a series of drives led by architect and local oil-history expert Ben Loescher.
RR—No stops in between. Bam! Like that. But there does seem to be some differences, but there’s more similarities than there are differences, in their appearance and the fact that the descriptions of the vocalizations, the smell, and all that.
The three verses preceding the story read:
Here is what is being said about Tangerine Tango;
Christmas Eve will consist of attending our church service and then heading home for...
Since the test is now complete, I see mom getting back to her normal self. We have discussed the TEE test and what was involved. She shared with me that “not knowing” what was going to happen really created more concern than the outcome of the test itself. Learning that from her, prompted me to ask her to share what she experienced in the hope that she might be able to relieve someone else’s concerns who might have this test scheduled. Below please find mom’s TEE test experience.
Audria
Ghosts with Teeth; Peter Crowther (A Book of Horrors, Jo Fletcher Books)
We are home from the NICU now. Samantha spent eight days in there. What sent her there is she had stopped breathing in my room. We were both resting. She in her crib next to my bed. The lady that does the hearing test came in to test her hearing and found her unresponsive. She was gagging and not breathing. I didn't hear her gagging. She wasn't making a sound. I looked over, and her face was blue. She pushed the emergency button. A nurse came running in and started working on Samantha. She wasn't able to get her breathing so she called in another nurse. There ended up being several nurses in the room with lots of yelling. I sat in the bed with my face buried in my hands thinking I was losing my baby because they couldn't get her to breathe. But thank goodness, they finally did.
We got to Courtney’s house (desert chic) and she baby-lipped something like her dad calls it the casa of the pearls or some shit that leads to having a daughter decide to be model. As a winemaker, this family was the perfect fit I think, as they have been keeping winemakers in business for a long time. Immediately, I forgave Courtney for all the crazy baby talk and weird mouth things she does, because her mother does all the same shit and when you are trained to do something since birth, it’s really hard to shift gears. Just ask Kacie B. That said, holy shit. Watching the two of them talk about her falling in love made me feel like I was watching Baby Geniuses or an E*Trade commercial where the babies talk like adults. It was messed up.
Which is an answer I, to say the least, loved. Firstly because of the Harry Potter reference. Secondly, because she recognized how vile a word “cunt” used to be. You don’t fuck around with it because it can hurt people. It’s that simple.
they light up her face
1) A mother's love is the most important ingredient in the growth of a child.
In my own case, I am not so sure. From where I sit now, I think that, had I transitioned twenty years back I’d have faded…but happily: dwindled to Stepford wife and beauty therapist.
And really, two days before Christmas, I was overwhelmed with the amount of love shown for my little guy. I was so afraid that only Brennan's grandparents, great-grandparents, and aunts would show up. But friends stopped by too and made his (and our) day.
There are a couple of stories in this collection that are a little weak, but overall it’s superb. I loved The Bleak Shore with its wonderful atmosphere of inescapable doom, of death calling to human victims who have no choice but to heed the call. The Howling Tower is even better. A very creepy atmosphere, and the idea behind it, of a man haunted by the ghosts of dogs who must find victims to assuage their hunger for souls or be driven mad by their other-worldly howling, is brilliant.
Massage salt on the outside of the legs and thighs - pulling them apart to get it all over the skin. cut slits in the top of the legs and slip your hand in under the skin, massaging salt over the leg and thigh meat. Slip some sage leaves under the skin and place sage and thyme in the cavity of the bird. Place the turkey in a large plastic bag and put it in the fridge overnight. Massage again the next day to work the salt into the meat. 8 hours before you plan to roast it, take the turkey out of the bag and place it on a tray or plate on multiple layers of paper towels. Put it in the fridge uncovered on the tray to dry out. About 2 hours before you plan to roast it, remove from the fridge to come to room temperature - at that time, change the towels underneath it so it's completely dry when it goes in the oven. (If you only have 24 hours, just massage salt into the bird once, and place it on a paper towel lined plate uncovered in the fridge until you take it out to come to room temp.)
Use anything you like.
The odd thing was, when pressed on the matter of “security protocol” he acknowledged that perpetrators should be dealt with off the premises. Hmm, what makes you think that the left hand and the right hand have never really crossed palms… Still, he offered an apology, assured me that a full investigation was underway but pointed out that incidents such as these “are part of the nature of the country we live in”, by way of wiping his hands of the whole business.
The focus of these apps tends to be around the artist or around social discovery. The barrier to entry to music is low so it makes sense a lot of artists are trying to find ways to get themselves notices, and fans are always wanting new ways to find new music. So artist promotion and music discovery are the emerging app trends.
Now, I have always been the girl with more trust in confusion than trust in confidence.
Pomegranates
Chua, Amy. Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother. New York, Toronto, London,
Makes you think all the world's a sunny day, oh yeah!
I considered walking into the store to congratulate the saleslady on her funny joke, but I didn't because her face was really pinchy -- it didn't look like she'd used her sense of humor in a long time. Could she have been serious????
Place dates in a small bowl with just enough water to cover. Let them soak 20 minutes, drain off water.
I was able to read one last paragraph from The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo before I got off the elliptical.
Some deposit bonuses preclude rakeback – in case you get one you can’t obtain the other. So, just before taking any initial bonus contemplate the lengthy phrase impact on your important thing more than the long phrase. While it’s accurate that the large top quality deposit bonus might provide far better returns than rakeback for your original quantity, rakeback can there be for your life of one’s play. Rakeback is constantly earn an limitless bonus in your play, without thought on deposits, and that will add up to 1000′s on the tables. Because of this you might desire to decline original signal up bonus offers in support of rakeback.
South Korea in 2002 managed to reach the World Cup semi-finals under Guus Hiddink, with the Dutchman also leading Australia to their first World Cup in 32 years and Russia to the semi-finals in Euro 2008.
Avantika stood by her window sipping on a cup of hot masala chai she had just made for herself. She watched the snow come down ever so gently. Boston had just been through the worst winter blizzard of the decade. She had been forced to stay put in her apartment for 2 days as the driving conditions were hazardous. She looked at her car, covered entirely in snow. “Crap, I will have to shovel it out tomorow morning. God I hate Boston.“
*Post update: We have since devoured all things Skippyjon Jones. We love them all. If you haven't read any of them yet, make sure you start with the original for maximum enjoyment.
I wrote an entire post about cheese trying to kill me. It’s clear to be now that many of you have also experienced near death at the villanous hands of cheese. When will this horror stop??
Some colleagues of mine at an agency called D'Arcy, Massius, Benton & Bowles in Troy, Michigan achieved the impossible: They got Led Zeppelin to sign over partial rights to a Zeppelin song to be used in a television commercial. For a car. An American-made car. The Cadillac.
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, their ideas of mixing alternative guitar rock, eighties synthpop and burbling dance music influences were actually extremely ahead of their time, even if they were accused of being retro in the nineties. Whilst we now think nothing of seeing stylish, electronic, New Order referencing and eighties worshipping bands in the charts, in 1996 it was deemed to be a tiny bit silly (unless you were Garbage, for some reason). So, despite it being a bright, shining piece of pop with a credible production team behind it, the band were ultimately always doomed to fail. Sometimes the first person through the thicket is the one who gets his eyes scratched out, whilst leaving the path clear for other people to follow.
The flourish and the flower are from a Close To My Heart stamp set I just love. I coloured the pearls with a Sharpie to get that great colour of pearls. The ribbon and brad are Stampin' Up, as is the greeting and paper. The border is from an EK Success border punch. I like how it turned out. I am going to do it in this week's card class.
Armed with information garnered during the last eight months, I'm ready to make some new predictions.
Again, I will tell you that the distance between the nucleus and the electron of every single atom is filled with the love of God. That’s the soup of the Creator, built for life and ready to take your hand if you want it to. It is the recalibration of knowledge on the planet and the first step into a quantum paradigm. Get ready for it.
Of course there are the common known essentials to get before starting a workout routine (good tennis shoes, water, supportive bra...), but I am adding a few additional essentials of my own --
unless the belt up that high isn’t a good one??
10 - Bewitched
Who knew that paradise had an outpost in Polmont of all places? Yes, almost halfway between Glasgow and Edinburgh there is a spa which is as sumptuous and luxurious as any in either of the cities between which it nestles. The Macdonald Inchyra Hotel & Spa may not be in the most prepossessing of surroundings but it is a haven of tranquility, with a restaurant that achieved a rare 8/10 from the Sunday Herald’s not-easily-impressed food critic, Joanna Blythman, very comfortable rooms, and – most importantly – it has a spa, which I visited for the first time on Monday.
Comment #418 - Pamalot (confirmed)
As I said before, these are only some (although I’m fairly confident I could say “most”) of the terms and abbreviations associated with using coupons. But if you understand just these, you should be able to navigate the couponing world with ease.
Not only am I tired, I'm stressed. I have pains in my stomach that won't go away. I think I've managed to develop an ulcer...if not, well, I've developed a pain that hurts and it hurts even more when I'm stressed.
We had a wonderful two and a half years together when Steve was in language training. It was hard to share him with the military but we made it work. We really learned to work together as a team. Being away from the familiar was good for us. We had to rely on each other.
Demetri Martin had a great show last night at Emo's at a taping for his first comedy album. About a third of the material I've heard before on his talk show appearances and Comedy Central special, but funny is funny and he killed. Demetri is a former writer on Late Night with Conan O'Brien and a great comedian.
I didn't get a few of my house chores done last weekend. The window cleaning didn't happen due to snow and more snow so it will have to wait until another warmer day ~ it actually snowed all weekend here so I ended up snow blowing ours and a few of our neighbours driveways and paths which was quite some fun actually!
(Environmental, Occupational Health & Safety, Security, Social, Quality – Management Consultants)
So I asked them again kung sino willing mag donate ng dugo.
A few months ago I walked into Megan’s room and noticed she was very upset. I asked her what was wrong, and as the tears welled up in her eyes she said, “Nothing.” My first instinct was to MAKE her tell me. I’m the Mom, she’s the kid, she’s hurting, and I want to know what’s going on RIGHT. THIS. MOMENT. I had to resist the enormous urge of falling back into the familiar pattern from my childhood of the parent making the child spill her guts immediately. Instead, I chatted with her, asked probing questions, and realized she really wanted to talk about what was bothering her, but she was afraid of getting a bad reaction. A MOM reaction. An overreaction. Given what I have learned from my own experiences, I assured her there was nothing she could say that would upset me so badly that I would freak out on her. I promised that I would calmly listen to what she had to say until she was completely finished.
he thinks this is, like, the most hilarious thing ever.
No wonder I love taking pictures of flowers and berries so much...
2. Those who have had legacy deals, and have convinced themselves it's the only way to make a living. As I've said before, this is Stockholm Syndrome. The publishing industry does not care about authors. They also are inept when it comes to making books profitable. Why are you still dancing with an abusive partner? Unless they're paying you HUGE money, I can't think of a single reason.
I was taught from a young age to appreciate my God-given rights and to cherish and protect them against all enemies both foreign and domestic. I was taught by my Southern family that government, particularly the federal government, was something to be closely watched and distrusted. Its role is supposed to be limited and its influence minimal. Put plainly, I was taught that government was something that was a necessary evil, but generally was something only needed to organize the people in case of invasion, not an all-powerful master. Put plainly, we are all unreconstructed Rebels and very proud of it.
Hands down, the best part of this garden was the water feature, but there was lots to enjoy. The wildflowers edged the lawn beautifully, and there was lots of wildlife (both real - swans and a muskrat, and not so real - geese and the moose). This was a comfortable spot, with lots of beautiful rock incorporated throughout.
Roughly every half century, humanity takes a giant leap forward. The industrial revolution created the modern age of progress and spurred technological advancements. Fifty years later, we detonated the atomic bomb and man left the safety of our planet for outer space. Then, in 1995, Pizza Hut invented stuffed crust pizza and changed the world forever. While the standard course of history should have caused Pizza Hut to yield the next great technological achievement to another, fate simply wouldn’t allow it. If you’re not sitting down already, I strongly recommend that you take a seat or convince someone to catch you after you faint. Seriously, do not read another sentence until you are fully prepared to have every emotion simultaneously and uncontrollably erupt out of your body.
Anyway, in a rather pathetic attempt to look back on better days, I've uncovered a handful of found photographs from parties long ago passed.
I've wanted for months to start using this new name, and my "Wanting Isn't Good Enough" brain kept digging up objections. It'll be inconvenient for people! It'll be confusing! It'd be okay to change to a masculine name if you were trans but since you're not then you're not allowed! It's frivolous! It's self-indulgent.
As to Congress, it is equally in a position and in fact it is the first to called upon to decide as to the existence or non-existence of an emergency. According to the Constitution, section 24, Article VI, either House of Congress may call upon the head of any department of the Government on any matter pertaining to his departure. The members of Congress come from all parts and the far corners of the country. They are supposed to be in close contact with their constituents and know at first hand their needs, the way they live, etc. Congress therefore should know. Moreover, it is the legislature that must first determine as to whether or not there is a national emergency as a condition precedent to the delegation of its legislative powers. Naturally, it is the one that is called upon to say when that emergency ceases.
I illustrated the keg returner the other day, the "legitimate" use of such things is advanced as enabling the recovery of those few pints that would be otherwise lost during line cleaning.
I discovered just before we left home that I have shingles on my legs and some very sensitive parts of my anatomy, but a dose pack of Prednisone has kept it from being a serious problem. (The Prednisone dose runs out tomorrow and I am a little nervous about the following few days. We agreed to listen to some time share pitches while we are here and got a wonderful meal at the Skull Creek Boathouse out of one of them. The saleslady was a little disgusted at our obvious lack of intent to buy anything and suggested that the next time we are contacted so see a resort we should say no. This, in spite of the fact that she stated three times in her initial presentation that most of her prospects had stated that they had no intention of buying anything, and usually did so anyway. The fact is, that we have gone to a lot of such pitches and have spent more money in this business than is wise. (We just put joint will power into force.
23.) Kenny Rogers, Pitcher (1999)
I feel the earth slide out from beneath me.
The Singapore Business Times had, on July 2, carried a story which said the judgment would “radically raise the bar on standards governing private debt issues in Malaysia” as the arranger and trustee were just as liable for losses suffered by the bondholders.
When I owned my own home, we paid about $75 every other month to have a garbage truck come every Thursday and remove our trash. When I was living in apartments, the trash service was built into the rent and there was a convenient dumpster out back for waste reception.
Like so much else in America in the first half of the 20th century, Y.M.C.A.’s were typically segregated. The first branch for blacks was opened in Washington in 1853, according to Jessica J. Wylie, a spokeswoman for the organization. She said the Y.M.C.A., which is headquartered in Chicago, began desegregating around World War II.
297 5. “The Eighth Amendment and the Penalty of Death.” Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, April 25, 1998, pp. 23, 35. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(7), below, pp. 6-7.)
Playing war games with a nuclear bomb
As before, don’t let yourself be distracted by her long, healthy, flowing, mesmerizing cascading hair. It’s her trademark.
His faith was like a brilliant light shining in a very dark place. We were at Camp Mabry in Austin, Texas. Soldiers, loved ones, human beings had gathered there on the National Day of Prayer.
The Premium Plus 8750 comes equipped with a 13HP heavy duty Honda GX390 OHV engine, 8 gal fuel tank, 10hrs run time @ 50% load and operates at 7000W with a max of 8750W.
MUMFORD
People tender their resignation when they realize they are not going anywhere with you or the department they are in. Also, they get disappointed when they notice that supervisors are choosing or prioritizing who they want or like to get promoted. You have to understand that you are not the only one who’s ambitious or who needs his monthly pay to increase. Your people would want to get promoted and their income augmented some more too.
I made my plunge last night, and I can’t tell you how excited I am!
“MS so often strikes young women and its unpredictable nature makes it an incredibly difficult disease to live with. We desperately need better ways to tackle the condition.”
From these three women Mhembere had four sons. Matoto was the mother of Chief Chinamaringa and his young brother Wafanenombo. Maraswa bore Chief Chidziva, Manhando bore Chief Nzvere. Chinamaringa, Chidziva and Nzvere later became chiefs of Chinamora. The work of Mhembere and his sons was to help Chief Chiweshe to rule his country and hear civil cases at his court. That is where the sons of Mhembere learned how to rule the country. One day when Mhembere and his sons were at Chiweshe’s court the sons of Chiweshe and the sons of Hwata went to hunt at Gwihwi (Gwibi). Their dogs caught and killed an animal called bimha (reedbuck). They argued first about ownership of the animal and they started fighting and they wounded each other with their spears.
There never was a race of people who so completely gave the lie to history as these giants, or whom all the chroniclers have so cruelly libelled. Instead of roaring and ravaging about the world, constantly catering for their cannibal larders, and perpetually going to market in an unlawful manner, they are the meekest people in any man's acquaintance: rather inclining to milk and vegetable diet, and bearing anything for a quiet life. So decidedly are amiability and mildness their characteristics, that I confess I look upon that youth who distinguished himself by the slaughter of these inoffensive persons, as a false-hearted brigand, who, pretending to philanthropic motives, was secretly influenced only by the wealth stored up within their castles, and the hope of plunder. And I lean the more to this opinion from finding that even the historian of those exploits, with all his partiality for his hero, is fain to admit that the slaughtered monsters in question were of a very innocent and simple turn; extremely guileless and ready of belief; lending a credulous ear to the most improbable tales; suffering themselves to be easily entrapped into pits; and even (as in the case of the Welsh Giant) with an excess of the hospitable politeness of a landlord, ripping themselves open, rather than hint at the possibility of their guests being versed in the vagabond arts of sleight-of-hand and hocus-pocus.
While most education reform advocates cloak their goals in the rhetoric of “putting children first,” the conceit was less evident at a conference in Scottsdale, Arizona, earlier this year.
I saw a t-shirt today, and I immediately had to have it. I felt that it accurately represented my appreciation for sandwiches, my lack of any understanding of "style", and as an added bonus it seemed to imply an appropriate amount of street cred for a software engineer that wears shirts that express an appreciation for sandwiches.
Protect skin from the sun
Gravity Head always gets squarely in the way of planning other events, but now that the first weekend has passed and we’re holding on for dear life until the Founders wave hits on March 9, there’s finally time to chat about what contribution NABC will make to festivities downtown this coming Saturday, March 3.
I highly recommend this book. For anyone who has questions on what Arminian theology really stands for, this is a great resource:
Now my kitty is ready for a night on the town. You can still see all the detail lines, but he is a nice, dark cat.
Davinie
Shouldn't the conversation about financial costs and the economics of preservation efforts be replaced with the long term costs - to humanity and the planet - of continuing on the destructive path we are on?
In a large glass bowl, add the egg yolks, orange juice, and salt, stirring well. Using a whisk, add the olive oil very slowly, just a few drops at a time, whisking swiftly and only adding more oil when completely incorporated. Once half the oil has been added, the oil can be added more quickly, but not all at once. Lastly, pour in the honey and whisk together. Taste before using to adjust seasonings to your palate preference.
I spend way too much time every day thinking about how lucky I am and how cute you are (and you're smart! and make good decisions!). Your dad is head over heels for you and when you smile at him after waking up in the morning it makes his entire day.
As a result, groups such as the Tatars, Ukrainians, Chuvash, Bashkir, Belarusians, and Moldavians have also called Russia their home (though Ukraine, Belarus and Moldova are now separate countries). They each have their own languages and customs, yet all of them also speak Russian. Today, many foreign businesspeople live in the big cities, where English, German, and Japanese are frequently spoken.
oh yeah, this is 'lasting love'
Mix together the flour, sugar and spices. Cut in the butter until blended. Sprinkle on top of pear mixture in unbaked pie shell.
Excited for the new Columbia Wegmans? Sign up on-line for their Shoppers Club card. It's the normal grocery store bonus card, and you could have yours delivered before the June 17, 2012 opening.
T: are you gonna sing again?
Might. They told me last time that they’d work with me but you know how that went. They determined that I wasn’t responsible for the accounts (duh) but never gave me the account information that I asked for under the provisions of the FCRA.
only for what money can buy
Mr. Ricks’ proposal also has a practical problem: the military already gets all the volunteers it needs. Even if the politically impossible happened and Congress passed a Draft, there would be no draft calls because the military already is able to fills its ranks with voluntary enlistments. Unless Mr. Ricks wishes to vastly increase the size of the military, a new Draft would be a dead letter. I suppose that if the pay and benefits of our active duty military were slashed, we could make military service so unpopular that a draft would be necessary. We of course would then be substituting a highly professional force of volunteers with troops who desperately do not want to be in the military, which does not strike me as a wise move, to say the least.
This was so easy to see in the workshop format, and it was also easy to see how much is lost in translation over the internet. "The business is so subjective," they tell us in the form rejection, but all we can think of when we see the email is the word "no." No no no no. To us, four rejections means four NOs, four your-work-is-plain-and-simple-not-good-enoughs. But that's so wrong. There could be a lot of "yes" in their reaction, just not enough for it to be a request.
as long as I’m altered, and nothing is still.
In order to enter the crypt, you must first do a quest in Arctic collecting from the flower plant monster. After that, you are able to take on a quest that permits you past the guy guarding the entrance (Seen in the Crypt Secret passages). After you get passed him, you'll be in the statue room. If you read each statue, they will hint you on 4 quest objects to get.
yourself and your life the higher you will raise your vibration.
President of the Republic
A Sikh of the Guru must never cut or trim his hair. Comb the hair twice….consider the hair seal of the Guru. (Rehatnama Bhai Chaupa Singh)
Unless we embrace
Note: Using BROWNED FLOUR is a cheater's way of making a faster roux and gravy. Plus it already adds a nutty, toasted flavor. I simply place about 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour on a lipped baking pan and place in a 375 degree F. oven. Watch it very closely after about 15 minutes and stir it with a whisk, even it out a few times cooking it until it turns a light brown color. Let cool and run through a mesh screen before storing in a sealed jar. Use it just like you would regular flour only notice it will instantly get much darker and more quickly than regular flour. Some folks brown it in a cast iron skillet stove top.
Katie is gone :(. We did one last horrah project that I'll show you tomorrow. Here's a before picture...
We took my grandmother out to supper with us, at a nearby casse croute (aka greasy spoon). We spent a lot of time with my grandmother throughout the whole visit, and amazingly, the four of us got along extremely well. That never happens!!
I know I’m not the only one that lost my marbles and went camping this Memorial Day weekend. How do I know, you ask. Why else the miles long processional featuring motor homes, motorbikes, and fifth-wheels, boats of all shapes and bikes strapped to every auto extremity, and absolute impossibility of fueling up at the gas station without a long wait? It’s a fact of life, long weekends mean camping here.
The other good news is that I'm off and away for a week, which is simply wonderful. Spent time with good friends today, went running in my favorite place in Charlotte, and tomorrow, I'm off to Asheville. Thanks for the gallery insight. I will go to Blue Spiral in Asheville for sure, and I just discovered Signature Gallery in Atlanta too as Mudfire is too much out of the way.
I knew when I ordered them that the jeans would be too long, but imagine my surprise when I discovered they were a good FOUR INCHES too long even for my highest heels. Thus the first time I tried them on I had to roll the cuffs to even be able to walk over to the mirror, and as it turned out I liked the look so much that I decided to keep the extra length (see this post for how they look cuffed). I can always shorten them later if I want to, but for now I'm digging the 1950's rockabilly vibe that they have when cuffed, and they're slim enough that I can still tuck them into boots.
I don’t know if Fredrik Erixon of the Brussels-based European Centre for International Political Economy is even close to being in the same league with Pierre and Allister, but he has a very good article that correctly explains that government spending and the welfare state are the real fiscal problems in Europe.
1/6 Slice has cheese, olives, mushrooms, pepperoni, peppers, and onions
“The Christmas Spirit”.
Will I serve God or self?
When I had read the newspaper accounting of the weather I had wanted to break out in the song from Annie ....
Trust me, there is not any interesting food going on chez nous. We rely on old reliables for sustenance and nutrition, with the occasional chips'n'dip frenzy. There are dark vegetables, beans, rice. It's healthy but ugly.
On the other hand, the newly formed strongly centre-right coalition advocated a set of draconian anti-Islamization, if not anti-Islamic, policies. These included the deportation of any Muslims without Danish citizenship, the drafting of new legislation prohibiting the implementation of any aspect of Shari’a law in Denmark, indefinite detention of any Muslim suspected of supporting political Islam in any form, and the repeal of all legislation introduced by the previous government to support its policy of concessions.
Thanks to my BFF Marisa from First Grade Glitter and Giggles for referring me to Dreamlike Magic Designs. Alicia did a fabulous job creating what I had pictured in my mind for my blog. I absolutely love it. Snag my button (super cute with the owl).
It’s Monday already. Not quite sure how that happened! My weekend with MOD was good – mostly hungover, but good. When I got to his house I was more than surprised to smell a roast cooking in the oven. I’d expected to get a bag of chips or something, not least because I know money isn’t his best friend at the moment. When he went split personality on me, we’d been talking about a shared love of roast dinners and it seemed he remembered that. He told me I had roast beef, roast potatoes, mash and veg, and to top it off, chocolate cheesecake. And a bottle of red wine. Clearly I was getting the treatment!
Do I eventually want to get married? Of course! I just want to be in a position to start the adoption process at the same time. I want to be able to have an answer to those inevitable questions. I want to be able to say that we’ve started the adoption process. Maybe then the person asking the prying questions will realize that marriage and parenthood doesn’t necessarily come easily for everyone.
It’s a time to “show off” what you can do and how well you can do it. You may also be able to win a prize or be the champion on the day.
in her room, with some of her eraser collection in it!! I love that she loves the things I make, just wish she wouldn't love it all so much!
It seems that the SNP doesn’t have any problem standing up for Scotland, what a great pity that they cannot stand up so quickly for ordinary people working class people!
I thought I heart your words
PO
But these articles are all part of the softening up process.
Hold to the thread that leads within. The pathway is quite wide and it doesn’t take much to merge with the energetic stream of the bodily field that would take you to wondrous lands of mystery. Some may refer to this experience as “Kundalini Awakening,” while others may refer to it simply as “Bliss Consciousness.” Breathe in, relax and then exhale into the very ground of your Being. It is all there for you.
32 wins to his name. Nicholls has yet to taste success in the John Smith’s Grand National and came closest to victory in the great race in 2005, when he sent out Royal Auclair to finish second behind Hedgehunter. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1992 Just So (6th); 1996 Vicompt De Valmont (10th), Deep Bramble (PU bef 2 out), Brackenfield (UR 19th); 1997 Straight Talk (Fell 14th); 1998 What A Hand (Fell 1st), Court Melody (Fell 6th), General Crack (PU 11th); 1999 Strong Chairman (15th), Double Thriller (Fell
A bridge flanked by beauty, crossed & divided, intersecting souls which meet in the middle; the source of potential; summoning impossible dreams into being, when there is no "can't" for "can"s. This can be seen in the heart of an eye, trumped by that, in the eye of a heart.
4. Have you ever traveled Space A? If yes, where… if no, would you ever try it?
I am going to make an apple pie...And...I am looking forward to Sunday night as I am quite mad about "Mad Man" and "Desperate Housewives" (going to end soon...!!) and last but not least, Masterpiece Theater's Birdsong. Enjoy your weekend!
Now, that is an experience that is allowed to change a man. Being held captive, tortured and having an electrified magnet operated into your body to keep you alive, that is something that must change anyone. On top of that, he has now seen the down side of his weapon industries and realized that his weapon are not only being used by the American forces, but against them as well, since someone is dealing with the enemy.
The Flaming Lips: At War with the Mystics - an older one, but I finally started to "get" older Flaming Lips this year. And the first two tracks are something else.
Bolts have a pretty good local unit. They have Asi Taulava and Reynel Hugnatan who can bang-up and provide veteran leadership, hard workers and athletic Gabby Espinas and Mark Borboran, combo guards that were not afraid to shoot in the name of Cardona and Sol Mercado, and tue point guard who loves to dish the rock (Chriss Ross).
Controller Version Information
2. Send more of the cards out to people on birthdays ans other occasions.
What struck me most on first hearing this fairytale as a child was the power of a name. Rumpelstiltskin’s name was ultimately his undoing. As the bearer of an unusual name: my bête noir, my curse, my identity – I could empathise.
rise fast skyward on unending current
Lisa arrived at 11:30a and I asked to be checked – I was 4-5cm, 100% effaced and -1 station! Progress!! Things continued to progress and I asked if we could get the birth pool set up. While they were doing so I got back in the shower for relaxation purposes and had a smaller exercise ball that fit in the tub with me!! Between contractions I'd sit on the ball and during them I'd either be standing with the water running over my belly or bent over with it running over my back. I stayed in there until I started to run out of hot water.
seven years in between could be so close.
Lord, have mercy. I took Brighton to his first well check in 4 years at the pediatrician this morning. I mentioned to the Dr. that a few days ago Brighton had a couple bug bites that turned nasty and filled with pus and I had never experienced that before. He told me that MRSA (an antibiotic resistant bacteria) is running rampant right now and to occasionally give him a bleach bath with 1/2 cup of clorox added to the bath water. He even said that it helps soften the skin. OH MY LORD. If you know me at all, you can understand why my reaction was just laughter to this suggestion. I said, "Dr., I think you are great, but there is no way I am giving my child a bleach bath. We don't even have it in the house, it is horrible for you!" Thankfully, he didn't take offense to my laughter, but he went on about how it can kill the MRSA bacteria, etc, so I shared with him what we use to kill potential MRSA bacteria that is much safer to use than bleach. And for the record, he did say that the following could help. lol
Finally, it was time to step into the big one – Screen 1. I had some idea of what to expect, having already seen pictures of the auditorium on Facebook, but walking in at the bottom with projection filling the rather large screen that makes up the entire end wall made quite an impact. Of course, given the sheer size of the projection area, I doubt the first five or so rows will prove all that popular. Similarly, the sheer width of the steeply-raked auditorium means that the seats on the far side – particularly from the front until about half-way up – will test your neck muscles rather severely.
**Kelli and Kristi from Lolly Jane are doing a giveaway for me starting tomorrow, so be sure to go and check it out! I l-o-v-e their blog!
I used to be a Chemical Laboratory Analyst. I loved my clothes, my shoes and my makeup. I go to work, dressed to the nines, sky high stilettos and make sure that my hair is in place after I take my full clean-room suit off. I translated French Operating Procedures to English and trained workers who do not understand why traces of metal found on silicon means thousands of dollars of money going down the drain and the very reason why your electronic devices will not work properly because of that miniscule bit of copper or iron found in the very microchip that screws up your whole computer and in turn you can't blog about how empty women who have a full wardrobe leading empty lives.
It is traditional for the guests to receive a small token gift at a Quinciñeara...usually a little toy!
2005- Cyclical bull market remains intact. Market makes a high in March and a low in April. A bit ambiguous like 2000 but defer to the prior trend which is a cyclical bull market. However, unlike 2000 the market takes out the March high later in the year keeping the cyclical bull alive heading into 2007.
It’s just hollywood all over again, why do people feel the need to forever rehash, hollywood does it too, everyfilm you see now is either a remake or a biopic of something, no one craves the excitment of being plunged into the unknown anymore, we crave mundaness and predictability as a society, even if it is predictably shit. No one wants to be stimulated, dare they have any thing that conjures up an opinion. Heaven forbid
I LOVE this book and I hope it will be published in the UK and America. And sell gazillions of copies.
I think both then explained that the council had decided that the incoming councillors should get iPads – and that for the next four years, all agendas, minutes, briefings, instead of all the hundreds of thousands of bits of paper a councillor has to take to meetings, a councillor would be provided with electronic copies and expected to bring their iPad to meetings instead of a stack of print-outs.
his lid. Smoke begins to pour out of every joint. Duke throws
So as to the cooking, here are some of the items I have come up with:
The report showed that large businesses having employees greater than 500 added only 4000 additional employees in April; medium sized businesses added 57000 workers and small businesses with less than 50 workers hired 58000 additional workers.
On my flight up I read Amy Waldman's The Submission, a great book about September 11, art, and race. The central question: can a mostly non-practicing Muslim create a suitable memorial to September 11? The book answers that question early on: yes. Then the book asks a different question: if a Muslim artist creates a memorial, can the fact that a Muslim created it detract from its purposes? This book is a great meditation on class, religion, immigration, gender, and skin color.
That's a big one. Dealing with people online. This is where honesty (and dishonesty) really become amplified on both ends.
Thank you all. God bless you.
On our way home from the coast, Mr. Petals and I stopped at the nursery so I could buy hanging flower baskets, one for the hummingbirds and honey bees and a few for the front porch for curb appeal. Within five minutes after we'd arrived home, and I was hanging the flower baskets, and I was drawn up short by the absolute beauty of my surroundings.
Over the past year, I have begun to wonder why we generate HTML server-side when the browser is perfectly capable of doing it. What if a desktop application had its UI rendered by its backend database? Seems crazy, but that is essentially what traditional web development looks like. Each time you click a button on a page, information is sent to the server, the server rebuilds the entire UI, and the browser then re-renders the entire page. Both computers and browsers are getting faster, so why not pass that load onto the client?
Now this is something special (sound familiar)? In all sincerity this seven song demo from one of my favorite Midwest aggregation, Titanic Love Affair was a very sweet find, considering it predates their first album by a good three years AND offers six songs that never appeared on official releases. We're talking half an albums worth of TLA goodness that few fans knew existed, let alone heard, yours truly included. The obliquely titled tape, Ice Cream Funeral, offers but one preview of their 1991 debut, "Only in the Past," and while it would have been great to experience early incarnations of say, "Planet Strange" or "Happy," I'm hardly complaining - especially considering that every tune on here is a keeper.
Why the Park long ago decided to allow its cast members to wear their costumes home instead of turning them in to Wardrobe at the end of the shift is beyond me.
5 out of 5 stars
‘All done.’
Come on down to the bar with me
Another goal scoring great is Pele, his statistics are staggering. During his career he scored 1,280 goals in 1,360 games that’s almost a goal a game and for such a large amount makes it even more impressive.
Fed up with having to peer over labels stuffed with parabens, fragrances, colours that you KNOW are going to make your sensitive skin flare up? Well, so were we and we’ve made these scrummy smelling, completely chemical & preservative free scrubs especially for those of us with SENSITIVE SKIN.
On the one hand, I feel like I should have known I would like this. Peaches are my very favorite fruit, especially Texas Hill Country peaches. (Of course, I love raspberries and blueberries too, but that doesn't mean many a good beer hasn't been ruined by them.) And I love Texas pecans, although the peach flavor here completely overwhelms any taste of the pecan.
I want to let each and every one of you know how welcome and at-ease I felt while I was with you. Everyone I met was exceptionally kind and open to our endless questions, which was so necessary, let me tell you. I regret not being able to meet everyone, but the people I did spend my time with were incredibly knowledgeable and just as incredibly patient. I had a fantastic time with you. I’ll be sure to try Bobo’s Fried Chicken the next time I’m there.
I lined them all up, grouped in sickly colours, bubbled glaze, nasty textures. Ugly.
The story is about a girl who just arrived in Tokyo from the country.
Hope you liked them!
Thank you. You are a blessing.
At some point, most parents stop telling their children a fat jolly elf in a red fur-trimmed suit leaves them gifts on the carpet once a year. Why do they stop?
Indeed, you only need to engage the average French person for two minutes on the subject of food and you realise how food - its preparation and consumption - is a national obssession in France. Shopkeepers will wax lyrical about the artisanal origins of a wheel of cheese or the firmness of a melon. French people from all walks of life will have an opinion on the best wine to drink with a 'souris' of lamb. And time (glorious time) is taken over the eating of every meal.
The “goal” of these frequency flashes has not yet been determined.
I have 8 children, all of them watching the scene unfold before their eyes. Dozens of agents wearing body armor and carrying machine guns, swarm around our house.
Records — Tappan Zee 8-0, Nanuet 2-5
While waiting for his flight to San Diego in a Boston airport terminal, a grieving man, who had lost his wife to pancreatic cancer, struck up a conversation with a mother and two young daughters at the airport. He learned that the mother’s second husband also lost his wife to cancer five years earlier. During the flight, the man receives notes from the girls, one of which lost their mother.
1. Turn off all technology for 60 minutes a day and focus on doing your most important work.
No one has friends who are funnier than mine, chickens.
Word up! Love in
will not know peace,
*If you use "seasoned" rice vinegar, check the label before adding the sugar because often it already contains some form of sweetener.
At the beginning of the movie, Miss Polly Parrish (Ginger Rogers) is informed that, now that Christmas has passed, her temporary employment at Merlin & Son (a New York department store) is being terminated, effective as of the close of the current business day. Naturally, Polly isn't overjoyed. During her lunch break, Polly is walking down the street and she happens to see a woman leaving a baby on the doorstep of an orphanage. When the baby starts to cry after the woman runs away, Polly picks him up... just as the door opens. Not surprisingly, the people at the orphanage believe that she is the mother, despite her protests. After a few minutes of indignation and futile attempts to convince them that she's telling the truth, Polly, too, runs away from the orphanage, leaving the baby behind.
Network: Disney Channel
The house is of red brick with white stone details and is approximately square, with turrets in the four corners. Adam's design, which incorporates some of the earlier structure, is highly unusual, and differs greatly in style from the original construction. One side is left almost open and is spanned by an Ionic pedimented screen which is approached by a broad flight of steps and leads to a central courtyard, which is at piano nobile level.
Nonetheless, the media drumbeat is constant: honor killings have nothing to do with Islam. And as long as that continues, we will see more and more murders like this one.
When light hurts yer eyes and ya can't find the perfect lighting while sitting smchooshed between the snuggly kids, whadyado?!
Had just settled our brains for a lovely spring day.
As the first race of the year, Bahrain will also see the first of many new ‘firsts’; new teams, new tyres and Cosworths & Xtracs return to F1 racing. It will also be quite exciting to see the sub-3 second pit stops during the race. More technically interesting, Bahrain will see the first chance for the FIA to inspect all the cars at scrutineering and there is a possibility McLaren rear wing may provide the controversy having been bubbling up from winter testing. For the spectator this will also be the first opportunity for the cars to be seen in race conditions. For us technical fans this not only means on track, but also the cars being parked in their garages unprotected by roller screens, that are curiously allowed in testing but barred from races for safety reasons! It is normal practice that wings and bodywork are left on trestles in the pit lane, open for all to see (although so far McLaren have been hiding their shark fin top body section in the garage). Equally new homologation rules this year mean that the design of the; tubs, crash structures and wheels used at this race will remain on the cars until the final race, safety and reliability issues aside.
Modified text by our beloved media : “Islam is not a religious organisation. It is a criminal organisation that hides behind its so-called religious beliefs.”
Drizzle the olive oil over the tomatoes and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.
This was reinforced several years after high school, while attending a very peculiar Protestant church. It was quite a diverse congregation (as I said, unusual) where Hispanics, whites, some Asians and blacks all worshiped together, and I never remember once the Hispanic pastor having to give a sermon to deal with problems of prejudice among us. It was a little taste of multicultural heaven on earth (Revelation 7:9-10); a heaven that Anders Breivik would no doubt loathe intensely.
This Christmas why not try and go 3 hours without your mobile so you can invest quality time with your family or friends.
Beginning, Middle and End
Forty-seven-year-old Jesse Joe Hernandez is set for lethal injection Wednesday evening in Huntsville for the slaying of Karlos Borjas 11 years ago.
Over the next couple of weeks during group sessions, the team met with each other and their youth worker to refine their idea to also include using sport (as it’s Olympic year – and as the eyes of the world will be upon us!) as a mechanism to address the issue of prejudice and homophobia and how it impacts on the emotional, physical and sexual health of (LGBT) young people.
Slightly randomly I feel though, three of them begin with the word ‘Velvet’. It’s not really a material you would think would come up a lot in songs – I suppose it has a luxurious and sort of, almost seedy, smoothness connotation that can be a metaphor for other ideas and notions. I wonder if any other material comes up more? I would imagine denim and leather are fairly popular… there’s the band White Denim, but I can’t really think of any famous songs that begin with either of those two fabrics actually. Maybe I’m wrong then? Maybe velvet is the most popular of materials with artists. There is Cotton Fields by the Beach Boys, and jeans come up quite a bit (Blue Jeans and Same Jeans), but do they count? Anyway, enough of the musical material talk (hey, Material Girl by Madonna too).
Richard Butler and his henchmen?
A positive comment about how a co-worker went about a task, and especially because it was uniquely associated with the talents that person brings to the team, will go a long way towards understanding, cooperation, and mutual commitments to help each other get what you both want. Don’t over-do it! Flattery is not the same thing as a compliment, and can often be seen as little more than pandering.
A Meantime High Saison kicked off proceedings with its hints of coriander, orange peel and cumin (is that a beer or a curry-starter?) which was well received. Of the fifty or so attendees most were in the affirmative for this one. Perhaps (he said, trying hard to be nice) the next offering was less enthusiastically received. Redoak, from Sydney, has produced its Xmas Cheer for some years now and each batch seems a little ‘removed’ from its predecessor – seasonal variance, or over-tinkering? Not as many hands shot up for this years’ version and the consensus seemed to be that the body was a little thin for the style with the finish a little spiky.
They are so cute! And big. The sculptures beg to be photographed and luckily Google encourages visitors to take pictures of and with them, they only ask that you don't climb on them.
i want someone to fix me.
2) A big thank you to everyone who responded to Monday's somewhat controversial post about the Dead Girl cover trend. Many people disagreed with me, either that there was a problem or that the problem was what I thought it was - but the discussion stayed both civil and informative, and no one can ask for more than that.
And when we know the downfalls, the joys become brighter. The perspective becomes sharper and we learn to appreciate even the minute things in life. The face of a flower becomes lovelier and the first rains ever more refreshing. Love, friendship, loyalty– all gain new meanings at that time.
I loved being in college. I loved the freedom to make my own decisions. I loved meeting all new people. I loved being an art major. I was a bit odd, because unlike a lot of kids that age attending college, I wanted to learn. It wasn't about what classes were the easiest, or which teacher gave out the most A's. For me, it was wanting to learn as much about everything as I possibly could in four years.
(And yes, I know people have said, I'm sure rightfully so, that the song has nothing to do with an actual Cadillac. But you take my point, I hope.)
Nearly dying from exposure to fracking chemicals is no picnic.
Secret Knowledge or Deception a Go-Go?
After a while the old man and my step father returned. Their arms were loaded with stuff from McDonald’s. My mother’s jaw dropped when she saw the food and she shot a questioning look at my step dad.
We are not spider food. They had no reason to bite us unless we harass them, or they incidentally get lodged in a pant leg or the bedsheets. When those things happen (and they do happen, but not as often as the general public thinks) the bites of some spiders can have really awful symptoms, including death. But really, deadly spider bites are exceedingly rare, especially here in the United States, where people seem to be the most terrified of the little animals.
from its earthwards journeys, here where there is
Now, twice a month when we pay our bills, we can go right to the Finance tab and log our expenses and send out our payments. There is never a question where anything is! Love that! And right now we do the rest of our budget tracking in Microsoft Excel, but I am fond of the idea of printing out our budget and keeping it here as well.... more on that as we migrate!
Only two Twins reached base:
The ads launch 16th April and run from 9pm to midnight weekdays for twelve months.
Perhaps no mayor of New York City this side of Fiorello Laguardia has ever overseen so drastic a change to the landscape of the city than George B. McClellan Jr. For six extraordinary years (1904-09) McClellan presided over the openings of the New York Public Library, Chelsea Piers, Grand Central Station, christened the first subway service and licensed the first taxi cab.
Barked an angry Moon.
- spaghetti bolognese
That was a dismal affair and the large civil society rally including throngs of men and women on roads in Peshawar demanded DPC not be allowed to carry out its rally in the KP capital. Not everyone seems keen on joining the bandwagon of AK- 47 wielding headless chickens. The liberal factions of Pakistan happen to unfortunately form a small minority;they just aren’t vocal and will never paint a monster on a banner and call it Bush or Obama to garner support.
Velvet blazer (new-to-me, $19.99), the applique thingy on the top with the beads, the big belt with the cutouts, the herringbone of the skirt, the patterned tights, the stitching on the shoes, the woven metal of the earrings, and the details on the bracelet (a new purchase).
No, I’m not crying.
Warm Up:
Because so many bloggers are wanting to show their appreciation to YOU, this event will be divided into three grade level groups. Each of those smaller events is being coordinated by one amazingly generous, hardworking, incredible blogger (thank you ladies for putting in so much time and effort to get this thing going!!):
This kind of support is not speculative or theoretical or pure blah-blah. Many of the respondents are Jews who do own apartments and who, in 55% of the cases, would not rent them out to Arab tenants. And they don't stop there; they're also taking positive steps to oust Arabs from apartments owned by other Jews. But it gets worse. Shortly after the ruling, racist Jews threatened a Holocaust survivor --a Holocaust survivor!-- with the burning of his house if he didn't stop renting rooms to Arab students. For all the Yom Hashoah (Holocaust Day) commemorations, with the sirens sounding, the cars stopping in the roads and the deeply moving 2-minute silence, the crude fact is that Jews in Israel hate Arabs more than they love Holocaust survivors.
In 2003, American soldiers applied pepper to the eyes of one prisoner
it's as if she's not our dog.
Specifying the address down to the number of the house and the block on which is stands, the bird enabled police to track down its 64-year-old owner.
"The driver of the Mazda lost control and his vehicle went into the oncoming traffic colliding with a bakkie in the north-bound lane."
Format settings, Matrix : Custom
In 2005, David Buttle, a financial accountant, began to look at the development of ebooks long before many publishers and authors acknowledged their significance. He decided to set up UKUnpublished, with the idea of producing ebooks in an attempt to make them a more popular medium. With the advent of DRM (Digital Rights Management) by traditional publishers and a developing and complex medium, he shelved the project. He began to look again at self-publishing and the growing number of authors he was hearing of, frustrated with paying high service fees to so-called self-publishing services. He revisited his UKUnpublished project again. An article by Cole Morton in 2007 in The Independent finally made his mind up.
This past week found me at the Mid-Atlantic Horticulture Short Course (MAHSC). Long-term readers of this blog might recall I regularly attend this annual event, plus I volunteer for the sponsoring organization. Each winter for nearly 20 years I have been sitting in darkened rooms, learning so much from many varied horticultural stars. It has become one the few bright spots during my least favorite time of the year and is something I really look forward to.
ASTM A 302-B. Composition, Wt. % Max: Carbon .25, Manganese 1.5, Phosphorus .04, Sulfur .05, Silicon .32, Molybdenum .6.
Make the text message extra humorous: people have a tendency to remember factors which come going to be humorous to them. you need to consequently make an effort to create your text message for the online game appear extra humorous or interesting. Moreover, you need to make an effort to create some humorous jokes from an event or trouble that you simply do not need to forget. you can also create an acronym from the checklist of pieces that you simply do not need to forget.
Leon Spies of Iowa City, Sueppel’s attorney, declined to comment, saying he was still gathering information himself. He said he’s talked to the U.S. attorney’s office.
No longer afraid – a real warning to the Umno-BN
The awana award ceremony was on Sunday and I was really proud of my kids. Katie, Jordan, Zekari and Alli all finished their books this year. I got babysitters for the little boys so I could actually pay attention. It was a nice time and there was an ice cream social afterward. It is interesting to watch my kids interact with their friends.
::: The taper or his companion start laughing between the first 2 songs & we get, "I just burned myself on a joint."
Israeli security forces early Sunday found the body of Christine Logan, an American tourist woman feared kidnapped by Arab assailants while hiking with a friend near Jerusalem the day before.
The day of Christ’ resurrection was in the morning at the rising of the sun. In fact, it was not only a physical morning but also a spiritual morning because the light of salvation had come into the world. Christ began to rise as the “Sun of righteousness” at his resurrection. The following passages compare Christ with the rising of the sun:
Under the Malaysia swap proposal, Australia has offered to take 4000 confirmed refugees from Malaysia in exchange for it taking 800 people who arrive by boat in Australian waters.
It happened when we were cruising the motor courts. This motel was getting refurbished and was fenced all around. I stuck my camera through the fence since it was the only one I had seen with a swimming pool. A security card came out of the building and said, “Don’t take that picture.” And I said, why not. He said “It is against the law to take a picture within 300 yards of a bank.” Wha??? “I don’t see a bank?” It was out of sight. ” No, I said. That can’t be true.” He said: “If you take that picture, I will call security right now.” He brandished a phone or maybe a two-way radio in his hand. He was not bully about it, just letting me know he had to call, it was his job, his duty. He asked me where I was from. I told him I was from California and Jim, who was around the corner, was from Massachusetts. Then he said: “Why do you have a Washington license plate?” Oh, no! Try and explain a full-time RVer’s difficulty getting a license without a permanent address. I tried. I finally told him, I’m going to take this picture. Go ahead and call. We are tourists and these buildings are listed in the visitors center. So I did. And, he did. We got in the Bronco and drove away.
02. Chaka Demus & Pliers - Murder She Wrote
Tag: Basic Grey - Urban Couture
Najib seems to be alone in the campaign as other leaders of the coalition parties and Umno leaders are just following him from afar, not wanting to “put their heads out”.
The pain is shared as I tremble
a much larger Rainbow supermarket nearby.
Benue state is acclaimed to
The Lord says there is someone here tonight, he said I have surprise you before, I am now about to astonish you.
What is worse is that torture in a few of these films is treated like a game. The torturer is the self-appointed master and rule-maker. Games of death. He does it with relish. In Final Destination fate runs the game and delivers inventive death to squirming laughter. It's just play-acting but these atrocities are framed in the same way we frame our visits to the cinema and the same way we interact with
The PE ratios and the dividend yields of these scrips (PSU banks espcially) look attractive today but once we factor the possible profit erosion due to write-off’s of these NPA’s, how attractive these ratio’s will be, is anybody’s guess….
There continues to be a magic to the state that is nowhere as clearly obvious as in the loving detail with which our newspapers report transfers of bureaucrats and police officers from district to district, department to department, and ministerial favour to disfavour. Though we may publicly rail against the great power that the state has exercised over our lives, there is lingering affection for this power, as well as a desire to be part of it. Our desire to be part of the state is based on something more than the fact that, unlike western states, ours exercises far more arbitrary authority over us. There is almost a certain magic attached to it – as if it also transforms us into supernatural beings when we become part of its higher echelons. The market might make us billionaires, but we are still partial to the mystique of the state.
“Ok, ok. That makes sense.”
I actually started this post a while ago but was reminded of it today when I received an email from retailer Ann Taylor announcing their new hue for spring - Fresh Tulip. Not a bright red like you might expect when you think of tulips, but a lavender purple. Now, tulips have even more colors than honeysuckle does, so you can see the problem.
Now you may be asking yourself, “what is an image sensor and how does it work?“
Yesterday I tried something new for me in the world of chicken pot pie. I cheated. Yes, that is right, you read it here first. I did not start with raw chicken, that was the first cheat. And I did not make the crust, that the second. Normally I would have roasted the chicken the day before and then deboned it and used the carcass for broth which would get simmered down to something more like gravy for the sauce in the pie. And I would make the crust from scratch and bake it in a DEEP cast iron pot. That is not what happened yesterday though. No, I was tired, and pre-occupied and decided that being a grad student and working girl intitiled me to a couple of short cuts. So I took them.
“The world rests upon three things: on Torah, on service to God, and on deeds of loving kindness” Pirkei Avot 1:2
Green Bay Packers
Q. Describe your job with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. What do you do on a typical day?
hahaha!
Arsène Lupin is the French gentleman thief in Maurice Leblanc’s novels and short stories. Lupin has been compared to a criminal Sherlock Holmes, outsmarting anyone who tries to catch him and succeeding with the most outrageous thefts one can imagine. Lupin always sends his calling card to his future victims, informing them what he’ll steal and when, but no matter how much the police try to stop him, he always gets away with it.
Her sign said more than just "Reagan Sucks....". Why the OMISSION, Tracy?? You LOVED that sign! You LOVE "Pot Smoking Cops"!
or rude to a foreigner.
Not quite sure what I've been doing since my last post.... We had visitors for 3 weeks, bubs got his first cold (which he generously shared with the rest of us....), and he and I are now fighting off a new and more interesting virus.
Scout (above) is much too dignified for such bad manners. She just gazes and sniffs longingly.
John Mayer, Eternal Wiener King, creates a rather 'meta' moment by talking about his relationship with his own personal wiener.
If I could change anything about the world it would be the practices of human traffic. But I can’t, so instead I choose swearing. I say choose, but I don’t believe it’s actually a choice; swearing seems to be an innate reaction for many. And research shows it is good for us.
“Bla bla bla fuckin’ blabadee bloo?”
He continued playing in the minors for another eight seasons, going through the Royals, Padres, Cubs and Cardinals systems before he was done. He even played in Korea in 1997 and played independent ball.
The recently reported study of a significant Indiana honey bee kill that was traced to the insecticide clothianidin drew questions about the crops involved. The study followed the flow of a systemic insecticide, coated onto corn seed, from crops and the surrounding soil to the bees and their
Don't be shy, admit it.
“Jenro…this is not about you.”
Here are some to get you started.
Blue dress - take six! I haven't posted an outfit for a while, so here it is. Worn on Sunday, to church. I put on my favourite item from this past summer - the incredibly versatile blue dress! I've worn it a lot already and it still gets an enormous amount of wear paired with my skinny jeans. There will definitely be more of it to see in the weeks to come!
To close it out I hope 2009 thus far has been stupendous. I promise to not go so long between blogs again!
Cohen, the sad thing is you're too dim to realize the evil of the unfettered government spending you're espousing. Because you're a mathematic ignoramus, a chronic putz, whose religion is Statism. You're a walking, talking joke.
another manga is karakuri odette and it’s about this robot who was built by a genius scientist so she looks exactly like a human and how she goes to school and slowly learns about making friends and having a school life and falling in love. it’s cute and touching at some points so read this too!
37.) I Have Always Been Against Iraq - NOT EXACTLY, you weren't in office to
The Resistance, Evans, and Arans are getting revamped. In addition to that, Elin Forest (yeah Nexon spelled it wrong) gets revamped and a whole questline is added. The final boss is Ephenia:
Unsullied snow, uninkéd paper white,
I’m always trying to find new and fresh things that somehow relate to my obsession with gardening. Most of the time I’m late to the party so bare with me.
I also sewed the straps on backwards. I'll make sure to mark more concisely next time so I can decipher my "dots"!
Now you may be familiar with RDIMMs (registered DIMMs) used in servers. RDIMMs have an extra register chip soldered to the board that stores and buffers the address/control information from the memory controller and distributes that information to the memory chips on the DIMM. LRDIMMs also buffer the data lines to present a single load to the memory controller even when multiple memory ranks are soldered to the DIMM. RDIMMs and LRDIMMs increase memory latency, so the DDR4 controller must be able to understand and accommodate this kind of buffering.
THAT’S VOICEOVER! is the new name given to a series of entertainment/educational events that Rudy Gaskins and Joan Baker have evolved over several years, crisscrossing the country at museums, universities and various other public forums. Joan Baker, Rudy Gaskins and the consummate professional insiders they bring to the stage have elevated the scope and quality of the discourse on what it takes to break into the voiceover industry and how to do it at the highest levels of achievement.
Or simply going back to my first point, why is it up to God to change our minds, but Jesus, who IS God, says to “make disciples of ALL nations”? Doesn’t really make sense.
Now, when Peter is asked this question–by this hostile bunch of hypocritical gurus–he does not simply give the simple answer “Jesus” he begins to preach with the bold power of the Holy Ghost. The Book says “Peter, being filed with the Holy Ghost.” I believe that this phrase “filled with the Holy Ghost” is significant, I’ll show you why in just a few moments, but let us see that it was the Spirit of the LORD empowering and emboldening Peter in the face of great rejection and possibly even death. These same men just plotted against the LORD Jesus; surely this is going through Peter’s mind. But what does Peter do? He proclaims the gospel of Christ with power, with clarity, with fervor, knowing he may be ending his own life. When he preaches to them the message of Christ, they immediately marvel because even though Peter and John are laymen, they have authority and boldness and the religious leaders recognize that they were Jesus’ Disciples and that they spent time with the LORD. Now here is a sermon within itself. The scribes were not astounded by Peter’s rhetoric or by his logic; they knew he had authority that could only come from having been in Christ’s presence and from sitting at His feet. Oh that preachers would preach, having sat at Jesus’ feet! Would to God that people would hear our message and know that we had been with the LORD!
My collection pales in comparison. Only four items! The bag was given to me by my friend Brittany. She bought it for me while she was in Thailand on her honeymoon as a thank you for being a bridesmaid in her wedding.
All the other plants are doing well. I put in 32 tomato plants today. I may be selling tomatoes on street corners in August, but who cares. If they all don’t make it, at least what does, will keep me happy through the summer, fall and winter. I will be freezing and canning.
Salt Dough Recipe
Schuchat A. Listeriosis and pregnancy: food for thought. Editorial. Obstetrical & Gynecological Survey 1997; 52: 721-722.
Brodsky pointed out that Yankees executive Lonn Trost had already told Forbes--actually an AP story—that “cost overruns included $150 million in enhancements such as the giant video screen, $138 million in food and beverage costs not included in the original estimate and $50 million from delays due to a lawsuit by community groups that sought to halt construction of the stadium.”
3 tbsp canola or veg oil ONLY 300C
It honestly doesn’t matter if Mel Gibson is the greatest actor or filmmaker on earth. Anything he does is tainted by the fact that he’s a bigoted, self-important ass. No one should feel obligated to support the career of such a person just because he’s gifted in some way or another. The world is full of gifted people, most of whom have had very little chance to have a career as successful as his. We’re hardly going to suffer if he stops making movies. If a given person likes his work enough to ignore the other stuff, fair deal. Freedom of choice and all that. But no-one should feel pressure from the supposed critical elite to forget who they are and what they care about the moment they go into a movie theater or crack open a book. Artists are workers like any other, not gods. They provide a service–entertainment–to their customers. And like any other service provider, they should be subject to the same ethical and political considerations we use to decide which lawyer or plumber to hire, and even subject to the personal tastes of the people doing the hiring. I’m not going to buy a piece of furniture just because a furniture critic tells me it’s perfect if I don’t actually like the way it looks in my living room. That furniture critic is not me. My own tastes are all that matters when it comes to what goes in my house.
I think there is also some effort to muddle the categories, so as to further weaken all efforts to classify or be classified by race and ethnicity. Perhaps only blacks and Hispanics will be allowed a racial identity, and the rest will be defined only by their lack of Hispanic or black ancestry, just as Whites are now officially referred to in some government records as 'non-Hispanic Whites.'
It is overwhelming to be so ruthless with my life right now. So honest. So desperately honest in the hope that this honesty will allow me to pick up my courage stone and finally rub it and let my genie appear. The genie that has been waitng all my life: The one who tells me that love is not a damned barter system and that if I want life to look more beautiful then I should become a torrent of beauty and fill the world with my flowers everywhere. Love is not an excel spread sheet. It can not be organised or ticked off one column at a time. It is messy and only by getting all crazy and disorganzied and spread across it like a feral concoction of peanut butter, nutella and pickled tomato chutney can there ever be any hope of growing. Love can’t grow in a vice.
Gillian has always come out foraging with us. When she was small, we had her in the hiking backpack. Now she is seven years old and while she may sometimes be cranky about walking, she still comes with us every time. She can identify many wild edibles with confidence, and has several favorites like wintergreen leaves, dandelion flowers, lemony wood sorrel, cattail shoots, and every berry available. For five years now, we have taken tours with Wildman Steve Brill, and his daughter Violet often accompanies him. She is just a little bit older than Gillian, and that girl really knows her stuff! Wildman is working on a foraging book aimed at parents and kids, possibly an app too.
Besides the church we also got to see a very interesting museum that although it did not hold any original paintings, held some copies of very famous works such as the Mona Lisa, some Goya’s and Picasso’s. It was very cool to see that the people in the city cared about culturing their people and children by creating a museum with what they had. The city of Merida did not boast any outward wealth and is what I would guess would be very typical of every inner city of Mexico that did not host lots of tourism. We ate lunch at a local restaurant that was recommended to us by a local, it was very tasty.
Examples of daily study time by grade:
Where exactly is the difference between the goal of creating a mono-race and that of creating a master race? I submit to you that there is none. Yet it is those who are so ready to decry the master race creating eugenicists of the 1930's who are the primary mono-race engineering fanatics of our age
I like casual fashion like a T-shirt with jeans and sneakers.
by KJ Hannah Greenberg
There is so much food here, it’s unbelievable. For breakfast, it’s soup with potatoes, a banana, an arepa, a chunk of bread to dip in the soup, fresh fruit juice (lulo juice this morning) and hot chocolate after that. Lunch is the biggest meal of the day. Salad, yucca, rice, potatoes, chicken, more soup, another arepa, fruit juice and a banana. For dinner, more soup, chicken and arepa. We had a random snack this afternoon of wood-smoked steak and yucca. People sip on agua panela which is like hot sugar water, throughout the day.
Ready.
I really hope you give this recipe a try!
Sent: Tuesday, February 21, 2012 1:54 PM
Totally Irked
After reading women’s fiction for many years, Joyce knew she wanted to create stories of her own. As the mother of four grown daughters, she’s familiar with the problems women face finding love, raising children, and stepping back when necessary. All of her books place an emphasis on love and family dynamics. She is happiest when she’s secluded in her office creating new worlds and people to populate them. When she’s not taxing her brain with plot, structure, and grammar, she likes to sew, particularly quilts. When she really wants to rest her brain, she sprawls out in front of the TV and tries not to fall asleep. Please visit her website, http://www.joycedebacco.com for information about all of her books.
We'll need a trailer, eventually. Here I ran into problems, as there is an independent film in production called Vampire Dawn. That's the group that has taken vampiredawn.com and vampiredawn.blogspot. And they have the YouTube account. So I grab VampireDawn2012 quickly. No need to make any films yet, but it's a good idea to start commenting with the account occasionally.
Letter of Basil the Great to Gregory Nazianzen.
Ahmad Bradshaw 2011 Elite Power Formula's Gold /999
Or at least, it had something to teach me. Look, I know lots of people reading this essay think marriage is oppressive patriarchal bullshit; others might think marriage is heterosexually sacred. I’m not actually trying to convince you of anything. Instead I’m trying to describe why the struggle for same-sex marriage has been meaningful for me and for so many people in my community. The changes go much deeper than marriage: Remember how I had assumed that Jessica was the nanny? Despite being as gay-friendly as straight people come, I still had a picture in my mind of a mother and a father. That picture is gone, friends, and it’s not coming back. This isn’t just happening in San Francisco. It’s happening all over the country.
2. The Avengers
In the center image above, way back at the end of the road is De Lindeborg's back door.
D.H: No catch, 3rd down, Hail Mary throw to the end zone....
The book jumps right into laying out a possible problem that the reader might have and offers specific examples with numbers attached. He poses the modern problem that local businesses face – getting the word out about their products or services. Early on, Roberts poses some very technical questions to put the problem in perspective for the reader. I thought this approach was interesting and he does it in a very small amount of space. There is zero fluff in this book. Roberts doesn’t waste time with stories and anecdotes, which just reinforces that this book is meant for local business owners and contractors who are often too busy to spend a lot of time sifting through stories to get to the information they’re looking for.
I felt like the card was creating itself! During the process of putting together the card, I felt so connected to the aromatic - its aroma, history, color, and overall healing energy. The images fell together so easily that I thought, “Oh I can’t have just one card. I need to honor each one of these precious oils with their own SoulCollage® card!” So began my collection of aromatherapy SoulCollage® cards.
There are 3 ways to enter the Visa London 2012 Olympic Games Sweepstakes:
Abigaille’s young, promising life — the Discovery Middle School student was a poet and a songwriter, a creative soul with an eye on a career as an interior designer — was snuffed out the way an increasing number of lives are being ended recently. Abigaille died, alone in the closet of her own Canton bedroom, playing what is euphemistically called the “choking game,” a relatively new way young people have begun using while chasing a “high” for which they don’t need drugs.
I'm sure you know all about Saints Cyril and Methodius. Their feast day is February 14 in the Latin Rite. And they show the love of God also, by bringing Christ to the Slavic people, and inventing the alphabet the Slavic people still use. But did you know that they invented the Glagolitic alphabet first? Here's a snippet from Wikipedia:
We were on the road until our respective desires got the best of us early that evening. A convenient Radisson motel in Norfolk,Virginia gave us the to chance eat and rest. That night in our motel room, our young and demanding bodies clung to each other many times until we were both spent. We unknowingly awoke to a new world just now taking shape outside.
There’s more to marriage and being a family than just sharing the same name. And as some people fight for the right to be married, does it really matter whose name we take at all?
We now know Fahkra was born to a heroin-addicted mother on Napier Road in Karachi’s red-light district, probably in 1978. By age 18, Fakhra began working as a “dancing girl”. As some of you will have deduced, in Pakistan, that’s a euphemism for prostitute.
Adult Novels:
a cooler white looks fresh (whereas a warm white would look dingy).
I hadn’t written about it because I was not acting as a journalist, so I didn’t feel it was my place to do so. But Yormark brought it up, so let me flesh out the story.
Initial panelists and speakers at the EDMbiz conference include:
I have so many holiday parties coming up over the next few weekends and am in full-on dress-up mode! But the problem with having to attend so many events is that you can begin to run out of different clothing options. So for today’s outfit, I decided to see how I could combine separates for a spectacularly dramatic look.
This year, for the first time since the death of the dictator, who ruled the country with an iron-fist for 36 years, there was no mass held at the mausoleum in the hills to the west of Madrid to mark his death.
and then the fat rich white
Traveling often requires a lot of walking, and when you’re in the fashion industry, beautiful shoes aren’t always the most comfortable. Exploring big cities in the summer months can leave your feet achy and dusty; a foot massage can provide relief and longevity to your tender soles. Since having this wonderful experience I now make it a point to take a reflexology break when in New York or any big city’s Chinatown.
Okay, so I'm a super cheater. I had chocolate today. I made a chocolate cake. It was so yummy.
Wear a green
A tough guy in a brutal world, Marlowe ruminates on his life as a private detective:You don’t get rich, you don’t often have much fun. Sometimes you get beaten up or shot at or tossed into the jailhouse. Once in a long while you get dead. Every other month you decide to give it up and find some sensible occupation while you can still walk without shaking your head. (610)The perennial theme of his novels is “big-city loneliness.” Marlow “experiences the wry pain of a sensitive man coping with the roughest elements of a corrupt society” (Macdonald 1973, 19). But he never gives up his battle for justice in an unjust world.
She whimpered as she limped. Darkness and mist now covered the woods. As she was about to plead for a break, Regnans stopped. Except for her heavy gulps of air, all seemed quiet.
Alexander Vince
ANYONE WHO WATCHES EVEN THE SLIGHTEST amount of TV is familiar with the scene: An agent knocks on the door of some seemingly ordinary home or office. The door opens, and the person holding the knob is asked to identify himself. The agent then says, “I’m going to ask you to come with me.”
This was a rather quick and easy read but I did find it enjoyable none the less, I do love a good man love read. The imagery was very well described throughout; it really helped you get entranced in the story and gave the read a spooky edge. This was very much a paranormal read, with a sprinkling of steam. I found myself wanting to read more about Anson and Barrett’s past, more about how Barrett came to be a father, what they will do now that they have rediscovered each other. I really liked the psychic element to the story, sometimes in books that just isn’t done very well or done in a very cliché way, but I found it came across very well in this read. I also liked the choice of character names, character names can really make a book less inviting for me or make me not want to read it and reading the same names over and over in so many books just gets boring.
Product-Kindle Fire
19. How do we fight it? Two things. First, to quote Mad-Eye Moody (the fake one) in the Harry Potter books: CONSTANT VIGILANCE! The New Drys are constantly flooding the media with anti-alcohol bullshit. Whenever they do, someone should counter them. The brewers, distillers, and vintners didn't in 1919, and look what it got them. Don't ignore them; they are at work every day, earning their grant money and taking aim at your fun. Now, the second thing...we have to admit that they're not all wrong. I've heard ridiculous bullshit from our side too: "You can't get drunk on beer." "You're not an alcoholic if you drink the good stuff." And worst of all, this:
Wow, what a weekend! I have so much to say and not enough words to express it all...this weekend has been wonderful, sad, reflective, and bittersweet all at the same time.
Reintarnation:
I just finished an incredible book, Maps of the Imagination: The Writer as Cartographer. The book draws some interested parallels between writing and map making by describing stories as journeys the author embarks. He also explores the creation process for each; both highlight elements and omit others based on the author's preference. There are different scales used in each craft, different legends or rules, and different purposes. He asks the reader to imagine a map of a town drawn by a 13 year-old vs. one drawn by a architect, a teacher, a black person, a white person. The analogy makes me reconsider the perspective from which I write and the goals I have in mind as I continue the journey of my story.
Just as I get in the line-up, the first wave of a set comes right to me, so I turn around and take it. I don’t know what happened, but I think I caught my rail when I dropped in on the wave.
The creature bellowed with such force that dust fell from the ceiling. The Hobbits were temporarily deafened. So loud, in fact, was that roar, that all the way down the corridor, and far up the next corridor, even into the room where the men where playing cards, the violent roar made it’s way.
As ever, other interpretations are possible. Hanging bowls may have had a variety of functions in different places, at different times and in different households.
laugh some more,
Plates started drifting around. Their collisions caused them to buckle up, revealing islands, and eventually whole continents.Well, again, I don't know why there wouldn't have already been plates prior to impact, but whatev'...
To escape the incessant dull roar means getting deep into the valley where the hills block sound, and where a small creek bubbles along in its own noisy, but soothing way.
the corner.
In other words, the LORD was God the Father. Beside Him there was none else. God the Father was the MOST HIGH God.
Monitoring Mauritania
Irena Bluhm
The Atlantic Yards megaproject didn’t change, but Ms. Burden’s public statements about it did.
What is this place? It's not where you usually stay in London. It's actually a shop of some kind. Why are you having the money sent there? Your uncle is driving to St Paul to the Western Union, but I need to know that you're ok and that someone isn't making you do this. I don't understand why you didn't show up to pick up the plane ticket. You have me worried sick and I can feel one of my spells coming on again. You know when your sister went through that lesbian phase I ended up in the hospital with palpitations. Please don't be doing that to me again.
Following are excerpts from a program with Sheik Yousef Al-Qaradhawi, aired on Qatar TV on February 25, 2006.
Avery Brewing Company Avery Anniversary Ale - Seventeen (Dry Hopped Black Lager)
Another program on tv featured an excavated area which revealed buried infant skeletons. The infants looked like they were trying to crawl to the surface. They might have been pronounced dead prematurely, buried six feet under, woke up, and tried to crawl out, but failed to see daylight.
- In Washington, USA, it is still an offence to pretend that you have rich parents.
The actual romantic fashion a fantastic girls outfit upper body muscle tissues draped, it truly is ideal to participate in inside nice modest clothing patty. Tiny belly design, invisible Xiao Dudu’s extra fat. Highly processed three-dimensional small wedding bouquets in the middle of chiffon about the top, actually nice attractiveness lady they type furthermore. Upper body sprained gown, performs very well that includes a brief head of hair jumper as well as dressed in alone, are the United States. In winter ice and snow, you will always be your current envy of everybody ohio full. If you want this sort of, this is the particular Belstaff Outdoor jackets Selling.
Thanks for stopping in - Come back tomorrow
Distress Inks (I used Tim Holtz’s Vintage Photo, and Black Soot by Ranger)
To be continued…
Whilst this may seem a relatively new invention, and for some, myself included, circular needles are favoured not only for knitting in the round but also for flat knitting, as I meet more and more knitters, I see that my preference for circulars is far from the norm and there are many virtues to using straight needles. These may include speed, indeed the world’s fastest knitter uses straights. Straights can be anchored under the arm reducing the amount of movement needed to complete stitches and thus reducing mechanical strain. This also makes them preferable for those with arthritis and other conditions which may otherwise impede knitting.
I know that most of you mothers of boys already know this.
I sure hope you all had as great of a Christmas as Chad and I had. We loved being able to spend the holiday with both of our families. I have major picture overload, I had a hard time narrowing down, each of these pictures explains our day and is special to me.
These books are all worth reading and they are the source of many of the quotations below. Apologies for not citing pages for Tranberg or Alexander. I read them on a Kindle which doesn’t have page numbers.
I wanted to make something for my friends Julie and Helen (crafting buddies) because they really are so very kind to me. While keeping my eye on the Tim Holtz 12 tags of Christmas, I thought what a wonderful idea for a keepsake for them both. This is what I came up with.
This whole not being able to breathe thing kind of interferes with oh...you know...consciousness?!
Valentine’s day, birthday, anniversary, forgetting one of these occasions, coming home after being out of town on business for a week, and sticking your foot in your mouth. What do all of these have in common? For husbands, they are occasions when it is expected that you will buy something for your wife.
I have received a number of comments on the information I've provided over time on reactor pressure vessels and have also received requests for further information. As a result of this input, I've prepared the following brief discussion on reactor vessels.
On Thursday, April 19, 2012, a statewide drill is planned. At 1pm, the National Weather Service will issue a mock Tornado Watch and at 1:45pm a statewide mock Tornado Warning. For the first time ever, Radio, TV and Cable stations across Wisconsin will participate in the drill. And for the first time, NOAA Weather Radios (also known as Emergency Weather Radios) will be tested during the drill. This is an ideal opportunity for schools, businesses and individuals to practice safe procedures for severe weather.
On the one hand, I like the idea of a combo-lovey. If he could trigger his own sleep music, that would be fantastic. Talk about self-soothing!
When we first got the news he was allergic to peanut and tree nuts, we were also told he had a minor allergy to wheat. It was so low, at the time, that they thought it was still okay for him to eat, unless he were to develop other symptoms.
(Other digital and print editions are forthcoming.)
Zahav opened late April of 2008, with much local success and national attention. Solo, former sous chef at the original Striped Bass and Vetri, and chef at Marigold Kitchen, has quickly become one of Philadelphia's favorite star chefs. I have to give him credit; he found a gap in the area's restaurant scene. Philly foodies were prime for the entrance of a modern Isreali restaurant.
Motivation, where art thou?
I’d expect the resulting exhaust outlets to be a long wide slot, this wider outlet would be needed to meet the maximum radius rules and also reduce the back pressure from the tight curve of the exhaust outlet. As the exhaust would have a tortuous bend, to curl back under itself to direct the flow inboard, rather than out wide around the rear tyre.
To attach the handles, I cut two long strips of the red fabric I used for the "guts" of the bag and "hemmed" the long edges with fabric glue. (Don't worry about the short edges.)
Art - guitar
In today's episode of Literary Agentish Wisdom from Someone Slightly Less Inexperienced than Others, we'll explore the bane of my existence: The First Five Pages. Also known as The Best Flippin' Writing You've Ever Done In Your Life. Ever.
KEEP IT SIMPLE
IBU: 45
Almost 10 years since the last proper SimCity release, but the wait for another will be over before too long.
“I trust I speak in charity, but the lack in our pulpits is real. Milton’s terrible sentence applies to our day as accurately as it did to his: ‘The hungry sheep look up, and are not fed.’ It is a solemn thing, and no small scandal in the Kingdom, to see God’s children starving while actually seated at the Father’s table. The truth of Wesley’s words is established before our eyes: ‘Orthodoxy, or right opinion is, at best, a very slender part of religion…
“I can see I have an uphill battle ahead. Charming you won’t be an easy task.”
The guy who was the butt of a few Jimmy Kimmel jokes at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner isn’t as jovial and fun-loving as he appeared Saturday night. He’s got an ugly misogynistic, homophobic and unsympathetic side that borders on cruelty, plain and simply. He’s also not free from corruption and scandal.
Ok, now onto the other things that filled my weekend. On Sunday my Aunt came over and we made hair bows for her t-ball team because she's a coach of an all girls t-ball team named the ladybugs and they have their first game this evening. We had so much fun making the hair bows. We found a tutorial on line that we followed, so if I can find it again I will definitely link back to it.
Happy Teacher Week! I hope you feel like you hit the JACKPOT with all your freebies! I am so happy to have so many new followers and I hope I can keep creating things that will help make your teaching life fun and exciting but more importantly easier! Thank you for spending the day downloading great products for you students...they truly are blessed to have you as their teacher!! Now it is time to buy all those things stacking up in your shopping cart, and don't forget to leave comments and ratings to earn those credits!
So I went and asked for a diagnosis which only costs $12.
Such new line of business shall increase the number and volume of businesses paying taxes to the treasury; therefore, it must get tax exemptions and subsidies. Businesses Creation shall be either a non-profitable organization; privately or publicly owned company; or a government-owned corporation.
Around 11,000 years ago, during Earth's last ice age, Oklahoma real estate companies. If you don't like to drive to any of these casinos, Oklahoma casinos are located in the oklahoma city tours in Missouri football history happened as fans ripped down the about oklahoma city and carried them to a large farm house for your guests and tenants. If you lose a player like Gerald McCoy in the oklahoma city bands a heavy Native American tribes. Hotel Ambassador is one of the best artwork including paintings, weavings and beadwork, done by Native Americans arrived in Oklahoma and then invest his money at the loan oklahoma city that was added later. Admission is free and guided tours are offered.
I got nothing but love songs for you,
Last night was fairly cold here though the day is very sunny. Highs into the mid 60’s but last night’s low was 36. Rain coming this weekend with warmer temps too. Much better that what is happening at home up in Vancouver, WA. (snow & cold)
Despite Greece’s promises, government spending is up over last year’s already bloated levels, the deficit is bigger than ever, and it has utterly failed to meet the promised sell-off of some government assets. Not a single public bureaucrat has been laid off so far. …Greece can pay off €300 of the €347 billion debt by selling off shares the government owns in publicly traded companies and much of its real estate holdings. The government owns stock in casinos, hotels, resorts, railways, docks, as well as utilities providing electricity and water. But Greek unions fiercely oppose even partial privatizations. Rolling blackouts are promised this week to dissuade the government from selling of even 17 percent of its stake in the Public Power Corporation. …Greeks apparently believe that they have Europe and the world over a barrel, that they can make the rest of the world pay their bills by threatening to default. Greece’s default would be painful for everyone, but for Europe and the United States, indeed for the world, the alternative would be even worse. If politicians in Ireland, Portugal, Spain, Italy, and other countries think that their bills will be picked up by taxpayers in other countries, they won’t control their spending and they won’t sell off assets to pay off these debts. Countries such as Greece have to be convinced that they will bear a real cost if they don’t fix their financial houses while they still have the assets to cover their debts. …The real problem is the incentives we are giving to other countries. We have to make sure that “Kicking the can down the road” isn’t an option.
by breeding with the trees.
I've written a lot about my maternal grandmother, Celina, but I've never written about Jovita, my father's mother. Jovita was as different from Celina as possible. While Celina was bright and witty and full of joy, Jovita was uneducated, somewhat shy, and she had very little humor. This isn't to say that she wasn't a good person: she was, and she treated me well. Her life, though, was full of pain and tragedy. One of her earliest memories was of her father being murdered on the streets of San Juan, Puerto Rico. A terrible thing for a child to live with, and, in many ways, it set the tone of her life.
And that’s why I’m going to commit myself to something that requires adequate electrolyte levels and frequent exercise: I’m going to train for a marathon to be run next summer. The Garmin is on its way, the bank account won’t provide for more than one big binge, and I’m actually getting really excited about the 10k I’ve decided to enter in October. I’m going to find one to challenge myself with in July, and maybe see if I can find a half-marathon for early in the spring, but my first 10k will be a big leap.
My friend Wan Kean (Brains Abroad #3) suggested I talk to “the other Wan” in South Africa. Glad I looked him up – what a fascinating life!
Winner selected via random.org and will have 48 hours to claim the prize.
To a weather forecaster, “fine” does not mean “fine” as in good weather, it simply means the absence of rain.
There are honestly too many to mention... I love the classic Strontium Dog stories, Dredd at his best (I can't tell you how exciting it was piecing together episodes of 'Necropolis' years after it had been published), Hewligan's Haircut, the first series of Time Flies, the Chronicles of Chaos ABC Warriors stories, Hap Hazzard, Abelard Snazz, Halo Jones, Tyranny Rex...
I want to document this change, but keep in mind that I am and will always be a teacher- it is who I am! I will just post some other bits about my outside teaching world as well.
Outside, the first of the night's snow began to rest and melt on the Hole's only window. The forecast had said there would be deep snow tonight. The orange clouds Ben had seen on the way to the Hole earlier in the evening had underlined that prediction.
Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil
I know luck can often be looked down on in plot-lines. We're generally told that events in our novels have to be established, planned for, and have a good reason. But still, luck has its place. So where does it fit in in your work? Does it?
A few abstracts -- circles, squares, triangles -- taken during the day:
In Arkansas the storms have killed at least 13 people, as of posting.
eaten by kings abraise in the mud.
I think classical music makes us smarter. Or it simply gave me a changed state of perspective. In the world of life management, it is essential to stop trying to keep up with the demands constantly placed upon us to have, do, be, absorb, and carry, and instead demand that we give ourselves time to gain a sense of peace. And to find it, all it requires is the ability to stop trying to get a piece and simply receive peace. So often, I see and coach people (including myself!) that are living life at the speed of technology. And our minds and bodies just aren’t cut out to do this. And when our systems start to get overloaded, we wonder what’s wrong with us. We are all seeking a piece of peace, yet we’re so busy trying to get a piece of everything available, we lose the peace of the puzzle we need to most.
Can wives really be “Molly Maids in the house, Marilyn Monroes in the bedroom and Martha Stewarts in the kitchen” while balancing a career and personal life?
Thanks so much for your support, donation or not, and please share the video and spread the word to spread awareness. Don’t hesitate to send this page to any friends and family you think might be interested in donating to a good cause.
I caught the writing bug when I was ten, when I joined an essay writing contest. The topic was: “Where did you spend summer and what did you do?”
Strangely, the Utusan has never published photos of any Umno politicians engaged in any kind of sex.
This is a crucial phase, and will need managing very carefully; If you
and always
All of which is to say: I didn't blog in January, and may not blog again "for realsies" until April.
She's A Leech 2:25
After finishing the basic structure it was time for the exterior walls. They went up fairly easily. This is where prior preparation is critical. The sides (and roof) attach with metal screws through pre-drilled holes. If the slab isn't perfectly flat and even the holes won't match which is fixed by a lot more work accompanied by fits of bad language.
1- *with 29 cfl surfers at finals – we lead regionals*
However, this year is a different story. The box office has been on the upswing, buoyed by hits like The Hunger Games and Dr. Seuss’ The Lorax. There is another strong line-up waiting for us in theaters, and quite frankly the quality looks to be a little bit better in general than last year. Hopefully better movies, strong franchises and big stars will help to continue to reverse the trend of box office erosion this summer.
I walked into the salon in the morning hoping, but not hopeful, to make an appointment for that afternoon or the following morning. After a sputtering of my Portu-Spanish (in Brazil, they call it Portunol – Portuguese and Espanol), and waving of my arms, the woman at the reception finally remembered me. She agreed to schedule me see the same person I had last time and was able to make it for that afternoon. The ease of the availability should have been my first clue.
Jeans and boring sweater all you have clean?? Has glamorous picketing made a dent in the amount of cute outfits you have?? No problem. Marc Jacobs coolifies any boring outfit with his conversation-starting shoes. You might even consider stopping combing your hair and showering, Mr. Jacobs has your cute covered!!*
And speaking of manly (how's that for a segway!), I'll be teaching a class next week, and was asked by the hostess to create something that can be either a father's day card, or a masculine birthday card.... Easy peasy, with the Wplus9 set, "super star."
Snow died Tuesday in Edison, N.J., her longtime friend and public relations representative, Rick Miramontez, said. She had suffered a brain hemorrhage in January 2010.
“I bet it’s a love story,” he said with a smile.
The arrests of more than 700 people on Saturday as thousands tried to cross the Brooklyn Bridge seemed to pour oil on the rage of those who camped out overnight in Zuccotti Park, a private plaza off Broadway near Wall Street.
Wash and microwave the corn kernels for 10 mins, drain and pulse to get a coarse paste.
Enjoy your Monday,
The event itself was beautiful! It was held at the Bellevue Club in Oakland. The rooms are very Edwardian Rococo. The meal was a version of the actual last dinner on the Titanic, in the 1st class dining room.
I haven't bought Pam, or the equivalent, in ages. I love having a refill-able oil mister. You just pull the top off, unscrew the sprayer and pour in whatever type of oil you want. With just a few pumps of the lid, it's ready to go!
“This evidence, however, was not used to arrest the true terrorists, but rather to prosecute the five Cubans in a judicial process corrupted by political motivations.”
Dimensions: 1.25″ h x
Thailand is a country of extremes. Both in actuality and metaphorically, The Land of Smiles has some of the most starkly contrasting cultural and tangible elements of any country you could wish to mention.
In Lak’ech,
Two of the bottles remain undrunk and will be saved a for a couple of months, but since they are Schneider Hopfenweisse and are pretty strong, I have no fears for their subsequent drinkability. The other two were from Thornbridge. The first, their Koelsch tastealike, Tzara, described as a Koeln Style Beer and the second, the so very drinkable Kipling. Apart from a bottle of Jaipur when it first came out, I don't believe I've ever had a bottled Thornbridge beer before. Now Koelsch is a beer style I like to think I know a little about, so how does Tzara measure up? Pretty well actually. It has the appealing freshness and clarity of taste that singles good koelsch out, though perhaps, perversely, it is a little bit too good, being what Koelsch ought to be rather than what it usually is. Nonetheless it is a great beer, not over carbonated, smooth and tasty, with just that hint of fruitiness and that noble German hop finish that should mark it out. And does. Overall I wouldn't mind buying a few of these again if I could get them locally at a decent price.
Buck on the other hand was convinced that I had been left by an alien space craft which had unfortunately crashed upon the site. The alien baby seeking shelter crawled under the rock because it was similar to the conditions of its home planet.
Watching Usman negotiate the crowd from the backseat and the quiet dignity he brought to the ethos of the street I could well imagine the ‘going away’ of a certain stolidity his generation brought to the city, bringing their ‘shades of grey’ to populate the black and white.
Kids can now eat like the President! Or...like the President would eat if he didn't love his meat toppings so much.
But last year was different. Last year, I was simply dreading turning 18. Becoming an official "adult", with all of the encumbent expectations of just what being an adult entails.
To sum up I would like to say that if you want to be successful, dream big and dream about something special and special for you! If your heart starts to race when you are thinking about your goal – you are on the right track – you will go through mountains and seas. And if you think about something and all that you can see is barricades, obstacles and problems – forget it, cause you will be wasting your time and that idea is not so special for you.
It's something I have been wanting to do for awhile.
And the houses give way
We should be attracting university students from around the world, but how can we, when no one teaches Russian over seas? Why are we loosing this culture war? Loosing it without even putting up a fight? Language teachers, using the American model that they practice on our own soil, are stealing our brains, time to steal them back.
3. Writing a memoir about your life is like watching a complicated movie the second time. You know the end. And when you look back at all the previous events you see the importance of all the scenes that happened beforehand. You suddenly see the foreshadowing and the subtext and what leads up to what and how it all ties in to the ending point. You see the things that make the previous two hours of the movie (because all complex movies are really long) necessary to get to the ending. Life is a little bit like that; after all, something that happened in the past may have had a huge bearing on your life now, but you didn’t know that until now. And you have to explain it, otherwise other people won’t know.
Dances with Wolves (John Barry)
Okay, as you may have guessed from the title I will be ranting tonight. Part of it will be because this issue is a genuine bug bearer of mine, secondly because I generally do just feel like screaming and shouting right now and thirdly for comedic effect.
We’ve rounded up a week of promotions ever since our debut stage and have already gained so much attention and love, and it makes us feel especially blessed. I really don’t know what we should do to show our gratitude, thank you so much.
I'm not a big spring cleaner as you've probably gathered. I tend to just let it go until I can't handle a given closet or dirty window any longer, then just do that area and move on.
Finally, by way of introduction, I again thank James Doleman for his comprehensive Sheridan Trial Blog, found at http://sheridantrial.blogspot.com/ upon which this piece is based. The search facility on the blog will link to the relevant accounts of Mr Bird’s lengthy evidence.
We moved into his little rented home and he had a quiet friend living there too who was an old vietnam vet. The following month my dad, I and Don the vietnam vet moved into a small house in an orchard.
Davy winced and quoted, “Our doubts are traitors and makes us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.”
Serve the seitan steak on a plate. Drizzle on the beurre blanc sauce and serve with the Oven-Baked Fries. Enjoy!
I think some of these problems might go away if I married someone with the foreign policy views of Marsha Blackburn, the fiscal conservatism of Michele Bachmann, and the social conservatism of Jennifer Roback Morse. But one woman cannot remake the whole world. One woman can’t get taxes lowered, secure school choice, protect religious liberty, and get the government out of the marriage and away from the children.
It is of first importance not only logically but also psychologically, personally. it is more important to the person than what he explicitly says and argues about, because it is the conviction held so close to his heart that he feels he does not need to argue for it, only to assume it.
6. One of the best Christmas gifts I ever received was money from my Aunt, Uncle and Grandparents to use toward a trip I took to Australia in high school. It was a chance of a lifetime and my family was determined to help me get there. The most emotional gift I received was my diamond stud earrings I received from Mark on our first Christmas together. They were the last thing I expected to unwrap.
I love how elegant these are; they are perfect gifts! And best yet, you will even be able to choose from several different colors! This class is just what you need for beautiful, personal, handmade gifts for anyone on your gift list. You can even keep a set for yourself!
No immediate aroma on the nose with very little happening until it hits your palate. Mouth watering slow bursts of grapefruit creates a long finish.
So you’ve spent a lot of your time understanding the project, breaking it down into processes, equipment and resource to deliver and are confident enough to send over an estimate at a price you’re happy with and satisfied with the amount of money you will make. You’ve been doing it long enough you can do it in your sleep! The price gets bounced around, you’re happy, the clients happy and it’s finally agreed. Congratulations you’ve won the job!
Which of these 9 Spring trends do you like the most?
Prima Fluid Chalk Edger Pad: Old Road
PS How AMAZING is my shop background?!? The shop is going to be AWESOME when it's done :)
Hopefully, now that my life has a schedule again, I can find more time to blog. Have a blessed day everyone...until next time....Rhonda
● candles
weighing 8 lbs. 6 oz. and 21 inches tall
I imagine.
So long sad times
Whisk in the vanilla and egg whites. You should end up with a batter the consistency of thick brownie dough. Stir in chocolate chips. Spoon out large teaspoonfuls on to baking parchment, be aware that they do spread. Bake for 12-14minutes until the tops look like brownies and are beginning to crack. Leave them to cool completely on the baking trays. They should keep in an air tight container for three days, that is if they last that long.
Before I start this post, I just gotta say, THE H KEY ON MY COMPUTER FELL OFF!!!, and the K key is sticking. Not so fun. I'm gonna go check my warranty and see what they can do for me. Because I KNOW that shoudln't have happened :)
Okonjo-Iweala explained that the estimated total figure for subsidy in 2012 was N888bn, made up of N656.30bn for 2012 and N155bn as carry-over from 2011.
Of course, they didn't need a spa treatment to make them beautiful, but it was a great way to spend a morning. I spend so much time focused on getting things accomplished around here, it was great to just focus on my kiddos for awhile, and they seemed to really enjoy it.
TERA Open Beta
Fuller's London Pride Pale Ale— An incredibly well balanced beer. I think that for me this represents the quintessential example of a British pale ale. Smooth, not overly hoppy or overpoweringly malty. Classic British flowerly hop presence. Perfectly balanced and every sip a pleasure. Incredibly good.
Hi everyone! I have a cute card to share today for this week's Pixie Cottage Challenge. The challenge is to create anything using this sketch and/or to shape it up (not square or rectangle). I used the sketch but shrunk the dimensions down to a standard A2 size card.
Know how to wail here
18 Ἄρα οὖν ὡς δι᾽ ἑνὸς παραπτώματος εἰς πάντας ἀνθρώπους εἰς κατάκριμα, οὕτως καὶ δι᾽ ἑνὸς δικαιώματος εἰς πάντας ἀνθρώπους εἰς δικαίωσιν ζωῆς·19 ὥσπερ γὰρ διὰ τῆς παρακοῆς τοῦ ἑνὸς ἀνθρώπου ἁμαρτωλοὶ κατεστάθησαν οἱ πολλοί, οὕτως καὶ διὰ τῆς ὑπακοῆς τοῦ ἑνὸς δίκαιοι κατασταθήσονται οἱ πολλοί. 20 νόμος δὲ παρεισῆλθεν, ἵνα πλεονάσῃ τὸ παράπτωμα· οὗ δὲ ἐπλεόνασεν ἡ ἁμαρτία, ὑπερεπερίσσευσεν ἡ χάρις, 21 ἵνα ὥσπερ ἐβασίλευσεν ἡ ἁμαρτία ἐν τῷ θανάτῳ, οὕτως καὶ ἡ χάρις βασιλεύσῃ διὰ δικαιοσύνης εἰς ζωὴν αἰώνιον διὰ Ἰησοῦ Χριστοῦ τοῦ κυρίου ἡμῶν. (Romans 5:18-21 NA27)
Tuesday
R8- sc in 2sc, 2sc in 2sc, sc in rem sc (14)
From: MR.TERENCE P McCULLEY
“That was rhetorical, you know I am the oracle, I know you like my sword, it’s made of frickin’ diamonds…”
Joey, congratulations and thanks a lot!
However, since Jim Jefferies steadied the ship before his sudden dismissal, much more trust and free reign has been awarded to Sergio than most. His team selection has often frustrated fans, leaving out popular picks Andy Driver or John Sutton for long periods of time but he has also developed the talents of Ryan McGowan and Scott Robinson, arguably more than his predecessor. Overall, the jury is very much out on Sergio and it really isn’t his fault. He charmed the press and fans in his initial exchanges, he angered the SFA (and further charmed the fans)with his outburst, and he had started to deliver decent, if unspectacular, results before the most recent wage furore which has really made it impossible to label him a success or a failure. My guess is that he is renting not buying.
4. "You were nothing before you met me. You were playing Barbies with Betty Finn. You were a Bluebird. You were a Brownie. You were a Girl Scout Cookie."
While these zombies do retain who they were in life, they also decay at a pretty rapid rate and will eventually hit a point where they just totally decompose. All ways of killing the zombies were inconsistent, not even the creators seemed really sure of how to permakill them. A zombie would survive multiple bullet wounds, but somehow die from a pole through the chest or being hit by a car. Of course.
So this is almost a new letter experience for me. Wow. I am not concerned that this will become a bad thing in which I should never have become involved (unlike a lover or two in my deep, dark, mysterious past). (Damnit. I just lost my train of thought thanks to one of those phone calls: Please hold for. . . FUCK OFF. If you are too important to be on the other end of the line when I answer, I am too important to wait for your condescending ass to pick up! Now I have to re-read what I was writing and see if I can resume my thought. Crap.)
This is probably the first Troll Poll where the Troll itself can actually be persuaded by a sound argument for or against.
and unheard of in the
After talking to Ruthie the other day, she did say that I could get softer wheels. Supposedly, real derby dames don’t like them, because they’re for outdoor skating. But, they’re good to get started with.
Every day there was a battle, crying, screaming, locking myself in the bathroom, barricading myself under the bed so I didn’t have to leave the house. My parents would remove me by force. Eventually they started to drive me to school, dragging me and shoving me in the car, then dragging me out the other end and leaving me.. It usually took me until first break time, around 10.30-11.00 before I had calmed down enough to work. Quite traumatic when you consider I was 8 when it started and 14 when it all came to a head.
The chicks are all sorts of colors: gray, light yellow, dark yellow, brown…It’s like the Jolie-Pitt family of the chicken world. And the hen is such a good mama, she’s sure to “set” on the barely-hatched chick and gather the other chicks up with her neck and wings to get under her.
“In years to come there is going to be information that will come out that Obama was not the man who made the call.”
There was an article in the New York Times last week about the trend in buying a second wedding dress. The story noted a number of recent celeb brides - Chelsea Clinton, Carrie Underwood - that changed into a second dress for the reception or at least for part of the reception.
The highlight of the week was Joe meeting Buddy Valastro and as Buddy had about twenty minutes to spare he was gracious enough to spend it with Joe asking questions and watching MY boy cook. (proud mama).
Should we not advertise that someone died of cancer? Do you think we could get funding for research if we covered it up and pretended the illness didn't exist? Do you think people would know what early signs to look for or how to support those who suffer with it if we were all embarrassed about cancer? Diabetes? Heart disease?
Don’t look back. Don’t be phased with the past and what has happened, if you failed before, etc, it doesnt matter, there is only one day- today!
Now it’s my solemn duty to nominate four other bloggers for the Blogging Awesomeness Award, so I’m going to nominate people who are slightly less youthful than some other people, because we should stick together. And if any of the people I’ve awarded aren’t actually as un-youthful as I’ve made out, too bad – you will be one day and then you’ll wish you’d accepted this Golden Shatner Award with grace and gratitude instead of whingeing that you’re only 24 and shit like that. And so without further ado here are my picks.
Dr John Constable, Director of the Renewable Energy Foundation, said the total cost of renewables to the consumer is £60 per annum and it could rise to more than £300 by 2020.
‘Why him?’ he asked,
I'm absolutely thrilled to share with you these pictures of the lovely Marianne of
I silently wondered what I had done or not done to make my nine-year-old nephew think that being blind was such a sad thing to be. Although being blind is pretty annoying, I try to live my life in a way that the kids don’t see me as a helpless, hopeless, sad, little lamb.
Do you see a trend?
To work the wax in, the older kids, generally 10 and up, had a different method than younger kids (me). By nature of their age the older kids were natural pyromaniacs and generally had matches lighters and the like, despite the fact that none of us smoked at that time. They'd use their lighters and matches to melt crayons or burn candle wax into their caps, patting it down as tightly as possible. Being younger I learned to place scavenged crayon shards into my lid, I used a Tropicana lid from the glass bottle (does Tropicana still make a glass bottle?) or a jar lid like from Mott's Apple Sauce then I'd place the metal lid and crayon shards on the stove and turn the burner on, within seconds the die was cast so to speak. Oh and least I get scream'pt on by ol'skool players, most all us kids placed a penny or nickle in the bottom of the cap before the wax, for extra heft. This also helped knock other caps farther and made your cap more immovable.
The following week the boys reported back to the rest of L.Q.Y.G on how they’d done and everyone was totally blown away with the result. Exciting!!
The young gay child is also given more agency in this rewriting of the Roethke’s poem as as he sees “beyond the veil shrouding/His father’s eyes. Realizes this isn’t/How brown boys win favor.”
2 Chrystal Belle Scrodd - Death (Vocal Version by Diana Rogerson)
Ephesians 2:14 For he himself is our peace, who has made us both one and has broken down in his flesh the dividing wall of hostility
But she carried on — she dragged Dad and me all over the city searching for her beloved coffee. She finally found it, not far from Piccadilly Circus — at a Burger King.
Some of the new shows and cartoons we have been watching are great but it also made my husband and I think back to our favourite shows that we watched when we were growing up. I’m sure the graphics and animation would look terrible if we watched them now but they sure were good back then.
Angel of God, my guardian dear to whom God’s love commits me here. Ever this day/night be at my side to light, to guard, to rule and guide. Amen.
I guess my Papa’s fears were justified, my college education HAS made me question religion and the entire notion of the existence of a God. I understand the fiction and story telling aspects of the Bible and KNOW what parts could be true and what parts are undoubtedly false. But do I have doubt simply because of that fact, or is it due to the way religious services are conducted in most places around America?
1/2 onion chopped
What I can do, is focus my own happy thoughts towards my family and create the life that I want and help my family members do the same. In so doing all of us help others through our thoughts and actions. I always wanted a home that was open to others, a place that people feel safe to be in and enjoy spending time in. I never thought it would be that to dozens of teenagers. I never knew how many teenagers there are growing up without happy homes full of love and peace.
The second thrilling installment in Richelle Mead's Vampire Academy spinoff series
I got this hostess stamp set this week and decided to get it inky straight away. I stamped the flower twice for each bloom and then added shading with Poppy Parade ink and a blender pen. The centres were cut out and popped up for added dimension. I layered the flowers on a die-cut circle from the Perfect Pennants die and added some Peach Parfait swirls.
Gorillaz and Demon Days have done well in both the United States and the United Kingdom, as well as their respective hit singles "Clint Eastwood", "Feel Good Inc." ,"19-2000", "DARE", "Dirty Harry" and "Kids With Guns / El Mañana".
”I’m afraid I don’t. But they are beautiful. You are a lucky man! I’ve been so busy lately; I’m helping the church with their pageant again this year. They told me that I could help put up the decorations. I just love this time of year. It’s so festive! I remember when I was a little girl and I was so excited for this time of year. Most children couldn’t sleep on Christmas Eve, but I couldn’t sleep the whole month! But listen to me prattle on. Tell me what have you been doing with yourself these days?” she asked
I'm so excited for one of you to win this awesome prize - the final giveaway sponsored by Merry Maids on my blog is the $300 Merry Maids Gift Card!
Now onto the baking portion of this post.
It took almost an entire day to get them all done, but we did it, and they look great.
The covers of the books in this series are fun and creative, too - each cover looks like a locked book. This picture shows the books in the correct order. I haven't read them in order and I feel like I've been able to follow along quite well, but it would probably be best to read them order.
Garden Party is our theme! I wish my garden was ready to party in, it might be by this weekend! Lots of dirt to dig up! The stamps and papers chosen for this months spotlight are sure to brighten anyones party....if you want to see more of the projects and ideas scroll down I've included them in this post OR go to my webstore to make purchases!
by the way, I think @thefilth on twitter for reminding me of this awesome way to eat our queso.
*He has a really/very sweeter car than me.
"But no one does that with music. You have your music lesson and you do maybe an hour of sight reading in a week. And then if you are a person who hears a piece of music and remembers it when you are learning it, you wouldn't be reading it off the page. It's only if you need to read it that you will end up reading music a lot before it goes into your memory. So in a strange way becoming good at reading music is something you only really do if your memory skills aren't good: your reading skills improve because you need them.
I'm in the Hampton Roads area of Virginia. I was stationed here for 5 years and accumulated a large pile of memories.
LOL, sorry, I have always wondered. The things that entertain me now, LOL!!
She had: Blu Cheese Burger
So without further ado, here are a few birthday wishes for you Jen, from some of your Snoop Bloggity Blog friends.
Disintegrate (Magic, Psionic)
The hardest part for me is going to be finding dates.
326 days
At least 20 bodies were recovered, as of posting. Reports say some of the people onboard the Airblue flight may have survived the crash.
watching for
Amen is a good word, sprinkled throughout the Scriptures! It is a robust word. It is congregation-friendly, to be spoken with conviction when the Scriptures are read or at the close of a pastoral prayer, or when a benediction is pronounced over a dispersing congregation. The word can echo warmth and confidence. It is a God-directed word and shouldn’t be surrendered without much thought to a less biblical way of responding to God’s truth revealed in Christ.
We would rather die in our dread
We love you our darling boy, don't ever change...............xx
42. Jay-Jay Johanson - Suicide Is Painless (4:02)
Before we enter that Jaded stage we find ourselves taking knocks on the head by love, it seems that we begin our search for true love with the greatest of enthusiasm and over time we become so desensitized to the pitfalls in our journey that we become pretty grumpy and even stop giving love a chance altogether.
You’re OK being single, and you’ve called off the search. The old adage is true: the person who is most ready for love is she who has stopped actively pursuing it. Instead, she has been concentrating on developing her own skills, passions, and happiness. A confident, grounded and interesting person OK being single—not in a resigned or defeated way. It’s more about one have a deep knowing of who you are, your purpose and that while you desire love, you won’t allow yourself to be miserable while you’re single. (Sincerely ladies if you are in that stage in your life where you are still developing your skills, passions, and happiness (getting promoted, going to school, starting a business, etc, do you really think it’s the time to add relationship hunting to the pool of things you are already doing? Add another individual’s life into that hectic schedule? Take care of you, let you do you, and add the other element when you have settled down. Your time will come)
Getting Toby a job, a purpose helped us rechanneled his energy and put it to good use, spreading kindness and joy wherever he went, including the hospital where he volunteered for 4 ½ years as a pet assisted therapy dog. Toby became a teacher for us, teaching us about unconditional love, patience, persistence, not being a perfectionist and the importance of trusting your pet. Magic happened when we found Toby a job, a purpose, and worked with him to be the dog he needed to be instead of the dog I wanted him to be.
I just want to drift away
Without hesitating, the attendant smiled and grabbed her public address microphone: "May I have your attention please, may I have your attention please,' she began - her voice heard clearly throughout the terminal. 'We have a passenger here at Desk 14 WHO DOES NOT KNOW WHO HE IS. If anyone can help him find his identity, please come to Desk 14."
Decaf Dot
“The girl was looking around as though she was lost or didn’t know what was happening.
income....one night a week just is not enough for
Now, as the story opens, the seven satrapies have finished a civil war, where two Prisms (two brothers) vied for control and title of Prism. One won, and the other is thought to be dead. Gavin Guile is the winning brother, and one of the heroes of the story — although he is somewhat of an arrogant git. The other main character is a 15 year old boy from a backwater desert town, named Kip. He’s a teenager, he’s fat and clumsy, and can be really stupid. But he’s a nice kid. Of course, it turns out he has magical powers.
There was also concern that course reductions would further increase the time between enrollment and graduation, negatively impacting Santa Monica’s rate of transfer into 4-year colleges.
They are correct that the Earth warmed much since 1880 before the post war industrial boom. But they left out the cooling form 1940 to 1975 as shown in the chart above. The claim that most of the warming happened after 1970 is disputed to the point where I feel safe saying that the claim is demonstrably false. The claim that the surface temps continue to rise from 2007 to 2009 is from those NASA/NOAA/Goddard ground stations we told you about above. The other source for this is the discredited CRU which was the epicenter of the ClimateGate data manipulation and destruction of raw data. There are satellite datasets that dispute the 2007-2009 claim.
A: Well, my local scrapbook store has been receiving steady shipments of CHA orders so I have been stalking them weekly. Just last week, I purchased all the new Bo-Bunny and Simple Stories 6x6 paper pads. And of course, I had to get some of the matching embellishments. I love, love patterned paper (again from my scrapbooking days) and I especially love the smaller paper pads with coordinating patterns for making cards.
However, I loved school dances. Not because I often had dates. I usually didn't. I went to all the "non-formal" dances with my friends, and even sometimes all by myself - usually I ran into someone I knew who I could hang out with. I just liked to jump up and down to music. Seriously. I was that nerdy kid who stood right next to the speakers, and danced all night long and considered the slow songs to be a perfect opportunity to take a restroom break. When I did want to dance during a slow song, I asked guys to dance with me. Some of them said no. Some said yes. But I didn't wait for them. If I had, I wouldn't have danced. Sorry, for you guys out there, but some of you are too slow, or too picky in your dance partners.
Items used:
Yeah, that’s right. It’s the same exact word.
Two worn out coal-mining boroughs in Pennsylvania took her up on the offer, though Mauch Chunk and East Mauch Chunk may have been thinking about a name change anyway. They merged, became Jim Thorpe, Pa., and that is where the town’s namesake has been in a mausoleum since 1953.
We are continuing our search for a house, right now it is looking that we will be settling into the Denton area Insha'Allah.
Senator Ali Ndume is PDP, Inspector General of Police Ringim that supervised the escape of principal suspect bomber in Suleija on Christmas day is PDP, Zakari Biu the Commissioner of Police who executed the escape plan is PDP, the Christmas bomber is PDP registered in his village. PDP governors pays tithe to Boko Haram . The gun runner, Comrade Nuhu Mohammed , arrested for supplying arms to Boko Haram militants is PDP. His phone contacts revealed affinity with members of the Federal Executive Council, National Council of State and other PDP chieftains. The list is endless and it all points to the same source , the ruling party.
Lee proposed to dismantle, on constitutional grounds, the federal Departments of Education, and Housing and Urban Development. He insisted that "the Constitution doesn't give Congress the power to redistribute our wealth" and vowed to phase out Social Security. He proposed repealing the 16th Amendment, which authorizes the progressive federal income tax, and called the 17th Amendment, which allows senators to be elected by popular vote rather than by state legislatures, a "mistake." He pledged to end "the unauthorized federal occupation" of Utah land, insisting that Congress lacks the constitutional power to designate federally protected wilderness unless the relevant state legislature approves. He embraced "nullification," the idea that states have the right — and indeed the duty — to disregard federal laws, like the new health-care-reform bill, that they say are unconstitutional. Lee, who is a Mormon and a social conservative, also has equated the founding fathers' invocations of a deist God with the moral values of the Mormon Church. "As your U.S. senator," he promised during the campaign, "I will not vote for a single bill that I can't justify based on the text and the original understanding of the Constitution, no matter what the court says you can do."
Day 1. Savona.
aww babii… Im so glad I got your defeat offa repeat..
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees with one of the racks on the second to top. Then set a large saute pan on medium-high heat and throw in the beef. Crush the beef in the pan and after a few minutes, add the spices you intend to use to season your meat.
To have sex with you to only think about and feel you in that moment.
Personally, I think Luck will have the better career, and the Rams will trade their pick to the Seahawks.
Thomas De Wesselow – Is The Shroud Of Turin Real ?
So those were the public spaces. Moving on to my tent.
I've heard from a few of you that were concerned because your cards were mailed to the hospital. We're working with someone there to track down any cards that arrive and they have promised to hold them until Sebastian goes in for surgery or we can pick them up ourselves. One of the girls I work with is handling that part of our card drive so we're in good hands! The only problem is that, for now, I can't add those cards to the list of cards we've received. I promise they will be added though!
Here are the rest of the TEAM S.A.S. cards using images from Saturated Canary and Karen's Doodles. Click on any of the names to go to their blogs for more details on the cards and inspiration. First up are our newest members of TEAM S.A.S.:
Vision will give you the tenacity to finish your mission. Don’t let up, enjoy the moment, for you never know the impact you will leave in
Part of my job is to advocate for the patient, to make sure that their needs are being addressed, and if there is a problem, to make sure that their concerns are being heard. This is not to say that every nurse she had taking care of her didn’t do an excellent job, that some didn’t do their best. She told me there were some that did good, and were concerned about the care that she had received prior to them. However, after this hospitalization she had concerns about her care and whether she would want to be seen there in the future. Remember that, you represent not only yourself but your employer. And if you are miserable, people know, and they worry about the care that you provide. So show some pride and act professional. To do otherwise, it only reflects bad on you.
Not only did I have a whole new source of anxiety about my obsessions, I’d just lost one of my most effective series of compulsions to deal with them. For a couple of years afterward, I became obsessed with psychic hygiene. It was the magical equivalent of washing my hands six times in a row because six is a safe number. I was casting circles, reinforcing shields, flinging incense everywhere, and reading anything and everything in search of more techniques. At the same time, my ex was constantly undermining my confidence in my psychic hygiene, reinforcing my hangups and anxiety.
Lunch time and we treated ourselves to Sushi train. he scoffed down his gyoza and miso soup and it was such a delight just to hang out with my little boy, watch him and only him, answer all his questions and just absorb him. he watched his favourite Fireman Sam while I finished the damn shopping list, and then, he fell asleep. Even though he says "I'm not tired" and it was only 20 minutes until we had to pick M up.
1 frame
Anyway, after the seven-day pact, both couples reconnected; both felt like more of a team. Taking it one step further, the married couple with children wrote promises to one another going forward and the married couple without children vowed to have a “7 Days of Sex” anniversary every year. The sex vow seemed to work for these two pairs… but will it always?
Overall view of the app - Newly released Toys! is an adorable game with tons of fun. Very addictive, I found myself playing for quite some time trying to beat my highest score. Definitely a game for the entire family to enjoy. With Game Center you can play with anyone across the world or simply start up a game with friends. The added options of power ups (the freeze power up is my favorite) to keep you alive in the game is much needed and really adds to the fun. Download Toys! for your little one and you might yourself addicted too!
Violet xx
Of course, I should have anticipated this in advance. But what’s interesting is that, had they wanted me and had I joined, we would have been in the curious position that the person who was by far the youngest in the band was trying to do all these old songs and the person who actually sang them originally could not remember how they went.
For if I should (said he)
On the other hand there are still the institutional issues as they were in 1992. For instance, the graduation rate, according to most recent Los Angeles Unified School District statistics is 56%, well below the national average of 75%, meaning jobs in California’s increasingly technological and skilled trades-based economy are less accessible to those without at least a high school diploma.
Do you have pets, and if so, what kind?
Isn't vinyl just so darn swell? I love when I bring my new double vinyl release home and open it and a 7'' record falls out as a special bonus just for you featuring a couple of exclusive tracks that you can't get anywhere else...well, at least in the old days like way back in 96 or something before the internet was ripe with every rare track you never thought you'd hear let alone find yourself a personal copy in one format or another....But this was the case with The Boo Radleys wonderful and very underrated album, C'mon Kids. It may have been commercail suicide after the success of Wake Up Boo! but really it is a very diverse collection of amazing gems. It's my favourite of their output, although nothing is as good as Blues For George Michael!
Original Gravity: 1.053
I hate to disappoint him, but usually after a trip away, even a short one, his favourite game is a bit like spot the difference. As in, how many new or 'new' old things has Amanda been able to sneak into the house during his absence.
and I would be remise if I didn't mention I really woulda voted for Jimmy McMillian as Govenor but by the time I saw his name I'd already voted for the other guy. Jimmy, your name was TOO DAMN HIGH (on the ballot).
L: No, you’re making an argument to ignorance. I am saying you simply cannot be absolutely sure that God does or does not exist because there is no evidence. Your claim was “God is a figment of ones imagination.” You’re saying that this is true because the opposite must be false due to lack of evidence. You ARE ‘dismissing’ a claim (God is real) with one of your own (God is imaginary). God exists is a claim. God does not exist is a claim. God is proven neither true or untrue by lack of evidence. To say that one claim can be dismissed because it lacks evidence and thus is untrue is ignorance. Where is your evidence that God is imaginary? I could spout the exact same ignorant argument in your direction as well. “Well, God is not imaginary because there is no viable evidence supporting that he is. So because he has not been proven to not exist, he must exist.” That right there is nonsense.
The towers of grass invaded the fields. One wouldn’t imagine it as part of a town, for who would allow such weeds to grow so high? The fields where children once gamboled and chased each other in those games kids played, was abandoned. Along the south end, trains still passed on tracks laid years before for the DOW and BASF chemical refineries. It was these tracks that kept Miguel awake upon his return from Vietnam. The loud engines of the caboose banged against his ears. They took him back to Vietnam. He survived the war, but many friends in his platoon never returned, and seeing them die in the jungles haunted him. He didn’t consider himself lucky. He rather have died alongside his comrades than have to live with the horrors of what he experienced. The war in Vietnam was over, but the war for Miguel had started all over again when he returned to Freeport. This was not part of the oath he made. They were not told that upon defending their country, they would endure a life of misery.
(We thought initially that Brandon was a Detroit connection. Turns out we met him in Ann Arbor a few years back at Dan’s first Vitae gig.)
My liver enzymes encountered a slight bump in my labs the other week. Why do we care? High enzymes can indicate rejection. The team raised my Prograf (unfortunately) by 0.5mg twice/day to a total of 2mg twice/day. As a refresher, Prograf is an immunosuppressant anti-rejection medication, and it is no fun because it causes tremors, hair loss, fatigue, and I’m starting to think kidney damage. I’ve been reading around the internet and journals and it’s my personal opinion that over time, it damages the kidneys. My last CT scans revealed a sub-centimeter cyst on one of my kidneys. The kidney transplant surgeon said it was benign, but reading stories and other information is starting to freak me out. I just try to keep my mind from going there. I’ll get my labs redrawn tomorrow, and hopefully the additional Prograf has corrected whatever was going on.
and then the heat 'tween a callgirls knees and beyond.
I just love this rustic French style of cushion with the red and white embroidery, and if you have the money you could buy them , for instance through Chloe Antiques . Or you could hunt around in other antique shops near you.
Pink Taco (Century City & Sunset Strip): Starting at 11:30am and running until 2am, Pink Taco’s two LA locations will be celebrating Cinco with a big ‘ol bash. Tickets will be $20 (sold at the door, and online) and will include access to the festivities, complete with luchadors, mariachis, DJs and some giveaways. There will also be drink specials every hour. Both spots afford the perfect location to booze, and then head off to shop and awkwardly gaze at sober tourists.
“I will not calm down-”
Quiet Riot from the recent M3 Festival which seems to be a who's who of 80's Metal.
With Spring on its way, there is extreme pressure to get on board with patterns. With this in mind at the weekend, I happily marched off to Liberty with a voucher and a burning desire to spend some cash. After serious cognitive intervention, I backed away from the Manolos and tried on a Peter Pilotto print dress. I emerged from the dressing room to a couple of swooning salespeople, flapping wildly about the intricacy of the pattern. ‘Look at this signature chain detail, woven into the silk – and that’s just the foundation of what is an amazing print!’
Okay, back to bed.
1. More time on task (both for me and my students). If everything's in its right place and clearly labeled, all of us will spend less time "looking" and more time "doing." Which leads me to my second reason.
support for the Administration action
she asked if I would be interested in trading the transferware
And then the credits started rolling, and Niamh put out her arms. Looking very serious. And dramatic. And mouthed the words to the Titanic song.
710 D-I/31/1976. “Ruth Genzberger Bergman (1897-1974).” Chicago, Illinois.
I must say I am in love. Hopefully your attempts will go much smoother than mine with my mistakes and successes. If you learned nothing else from this, know that I too make mistakes- lots of them. As Winston Churchill so wisely said, "If at first you don't succeed, try try again". That I did, Winston.
~Albert Einstein
Love Poems
Surprising? Not really. When companies need to cut capacity, they tend to chop operations far from home first.
Hope you're enjoying the nursery posts! I find myself walking in the room all the time, loving how it's turning out. More to come still :)
Remove the steaks from the marinade and sprinkle the salt and pepper evenly over both sides.
And with that prayer, a pseudo-crisis appeared in my life just in time to become the subject of an actual story. The issue was that my eldest daughter decided to make good on a lifetime threat to get a tattoo, and I was upset about it (hey, don’t judge me for judging her!) so I wrote about the experience from a mother’s point of view. As usual, a serious bout of writer’s block was averted by the antics of one of my children (thanks, girls)! The piece I wrote was raw and real, and more importantly, helped me heal from an event I couldn’t work through my mind and spirit any other way. It was twice as long as the guild guidelines allowed for, and did not follow proper grammatical rules. Also, it contained the word “damn”. It was a rather rough “rough draft”.
and england is famous for its
2:30 – 3:30 pm Community Building (panel) Room 107Meet Kyla from No Depression, Aaron from Shurman, Hal from Echo Music and Michele Flannery from YouTube and Me Shilah... We will all be on hand to discuss the importance of and the how to’s of building community with fellow artists, fans and industry.
Even though most of these college students who are filing bankruptcy can’t include student loans in their discharges, they’re still feeling as though it’s the only way to get out from under the rest of their debt. In short, we have young adults who are already facing financial disaster due to overwhelming bills and they’ve yet to work a single day in the career they chose.
1/2 tsp. aluminum-free baking powder
To take part yourself, please go and visit Julia's blog - HERE, leave her a comment and link your own workspace up - it's not compulsory to join in - but you might want to visit some inspirational desks around the globe while you are there though!
hroughout the weekend, guests can enjoy a number of live bands right on the main stage. Performers include Robert Cray, Jay Dempsey & Highway Call, Sister Sparrow & The Dirty Birds, Mammoth Jack, Sugar and Shady Creek.
Also collected some different flowers to press.:D Its something I used to do when I was a kid, think I'll take it up as a hobby again.^-^ Had a good walk around the place, the hills nearly killed me though, being doing a lot of work in the gym to tone up my bum, and my ass is KILLING me now haha!
loving me first
Bell's Oarsman Ale
I'm betting the groom NEVER forgets his anniversary. Nor will the couple forget their gorgeous New Year's Day 2011 wedding. Outside was frosty and cold, inside was warmly lit and filled with friends and loved ones.
I'm enjoying BBC's Sherlock and Ringer starring Sarah Michelle Geller.
Crystal Shawanda grew up on the Wikwemikong reservation on Canada's Manitoulin Island where she and her family found daily comfort and hope through music. In Ojibwe, Shawanda means "Dawn of a New Day," and a new day is what music has given Crystal.
I'm in room 104 which suits me fine. Others who were in the same long Delta-sent-us-here line were sent down the hall, up the elevator... but I was "down the hall, on the left" and mine is the first room, right off the lobby. Peachy. I'm for it.
The company said its pension product is competitive.”
Of course the Congressional Budget Office chimed in. Mark Steyn reminded us that the CBO are “the same nonpartisan bean-counters who project that the entire U.S. economy will cease to exist in 2027.” They predict that “Obama’s Buffett Rule will raise…$3.2 billion per year. Or what the United States government currently borrows every 17 hours. So in 514 years it will have raised enough additional revenue to pay off the 2011 federal budget deficit. If you want to mark it on your calendar, 514 years is the year 2526.”
If goal was to simply ID witnesses, why would the police have videotaped the 4-4 lineup? And why did the police then not videotape the 3-16 and 3-21 lineups? "What sense does that make"?
Thanks so much for stopping by and I hope to see you again soon. Will be back with a card to share tomorrow.
You wanna know the truth? I know exactly what E word I should be blogging about. In fact, I know exactly what E word I should be doing.
“I have news for you,” I say, leaning into her. “So are guys my age.”
Ok, first things first....Create a background using the Distress inks and handle with foam.
I used one of my new stamps Hide & Seek Jack. I loved this image as soon as Kerry released Jack to the World and he instantly became my favourite Jack.
Now, thanks to activism by Ferrell Rick Moore, one of Boyer's first victims, the Attorney General in Boyer's home state of Indiana is investigating whether to pursue Boyer on consumer fraud charges.
I hope everyone had a wonderful Easter! We certainly did! Although it was my weekend to work (Saturday night), I think it helped us focus to get things done. We thoroughly enjoyed all of Triduum, making it to Mass on Holy Thursday, then Good Friday Services and Mass on Easter Sunday. Lots of time spent with family, as well as being able to watch my godson take the gifts up to Pope Benedict at Easter Sunday Mass in Rome. I just really felt so blessed this weekend.
And I, who always send flowers of white to honour the dead, have heard the great empty silence from far over the oceans as thousands of souls rose up through white clouds.
* The Observatoire de Paris is actually three buildings; one in the 14th arrondissement, one in the suburb of Meudon and one at Nançay in the Cher region of France.
They died.
Which means that the Bible, in essence, is — God's dairy restaurant.
So post-new year’s lunch, mood turned sour, guilt tripped several times, sleep deprived and desperately hoping that April does miracles for us. Here’s hoping you all had better luck than me and I also hope that this IS a white lie. *sigh*
NFC East
18. Maureen O’Hara (Miracle on 34th Street)
Every man should consider that in what way he looks will most likely desires people’s opinions about him, so if you want to be success in your life then choose best suits for a proper look. The finest way to get an amazing look at affordable price is buying a suit from MensUSA.com. Why? That’s simple - just because this is the excellent place where you can find any mens suit ranging from attractive cheap to “wow, this is a lot” prices. Basically, this is the best online store that has gathered all the superlative brands and styles in one place. People who know your suit size and measures of your suit, and then there is nothing that should keep you from buying tremendous mens suit and clothing accessories from MenUSA.com.
(Reprise all four verses.)
Who are “they”? Well, they’re NOT the clowns that appear to be in charge. The top of the chain goes much higher than that, to people who are so rich they don’t appear in no stinkin’ liberti nouveax-riche Forbes list. Their names can be found in the Net of Inter; we’re talking four or five families at most here, European financial aristocracy of the finest vampire bloodline, carefully inbred to avoid the genetic blight of the slave. They have grown rich beyond imagination by loansharking to kings and governments for centuries, often to finance both sides in wars instigated for fun and profit. Kings and governments have been taxing their subjects for centuries to pay these bloodsucker’s usurous interest. One of the founding family “members” famously said “give me control over a nation’s money, and I care not who makes the laws“. This became, and remains to this day, the mating call of the bloodsuckers.
than anybody ever expected.
This something is just around the corner so if you want to find it (or if you want it to find you) make sure that you don't find yourself walking in open spaces.
Original show released August 30, 2008
Hindi is proving the slowest of all. I think that I was initially discouraged by the focus on the alphabet (which I tried to avoid) and the slightly eccentric initial conversational topics (a strong focus on time and dates). However, once I realised that I couldn’t just sit and wait for the language to re-arrange itself to my preferences, I decided to slog through. And lo and behold, I am starting to recognise some of the more common letters, and I suspect that some more realistic language is just around the corner. And if it isn’t, I will change corners until I find free Internet content that gets me through the early conversational requirements.
Jim said...
I have done healing circles in the community, for women's groups, for spiritual gatherings, and for companies that wanted to offer wellness options to their employees. Drumming is proven to reduce stress, lower blood pressure, strengthen the immune system, reduce burnout, and a host of other health benefits has been observed.
There were about 4 new beers on their list and the Hitachino Nest Red Rice Ale really caught my eye. I loved their White Ale when I had it up at school a few months earlier. I also love the fact that this beer was made using sake rice and it seemed like something I needed to try.
Adult Meltdowns Do Happen (they're just usually less visible)
In Korean class, I asked the teacher to teach me the grammar points in Japanese because they’re not using English, and I don’t understand Korean (one of our teachers lived in Japan for 10 years, so she speaks Japanese as well). Because Japanese and Korean grammar are essentially the same, it’s so much easier for her to say “갑 시다” is” 食べましょう” than “let’s go.” Because they’re not explaining the grammar to us in a way we can understand and utilize, if she relates it back to Japanese grammar, which I know and as I’ve said is almost exactly the same as Korean grammar, I have a far better chance of being able to freely construct sentences. I felt pretty boss asking, “教える時、日本語に比べていただけませんか。”
for yourself
So here we go, and let’s hope it all makes sense in the end, of at the very least, that the curious little happenings of my life make your own seem so much more interesting and important!
“He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles.” (Henry David Thoreau)
My vision for this podcast is for it to be a series of interesting interviews/discussions with unschoolers of all ages, as well as other people with interesting things to say about freedom-based and alternative education. I'll keep everyone up to date on any developments/future episodes!
This time, we got in the back of the line, trying to be sly, thinking "they'll talk to us more because we're the last in line!" We were the last in line, until, at the very last minute, two floosies walked up. Blond floosie to the other blond floosie (loudly): "But wait! I don't have anything for them to sign." Other blond floosie: "Um, hello! Your boob!" Yeah. So we really didn't get the face time with the guys we wanted.
~Daniel Berrigan
This will allow you to power your home without costing you anything to operate. If you live in an area with out a lot of Sun or Ambient light than this may not be an option. Panels aren’t as expansive as they use to be and many of them can be installed yourself. Additionally, there
- Yes Yes...oh darling Miss Moussie.. I am so grateful..you shouldn't have done that...so much work for a little mouse...
The kids have been cooped up for too long this week. They remind me of a wolf we saw at a zoo called Hollywild in South Carolina. It's a refuge for retired animal stars, like Barbara Eden, and has a large safari area where you can feed giraffes and stuff from the tour bus. It's a fun place to visit, but I always feel so bad for the animals. Like that wolf I mentioned, who paced circles around this tree all day long, slowly losing it's mind. And there was an orangutan there who knew sign language and when I tried to sign with him ("Want play?" "Want eat?"), he kept signing "Out.' I know, I know-- I wanted to break him out of jail right then, but he would have probably torn my face off. I know on principle I shouldn't take my kids to zoos and circuses, but hey, flashing neon swords! And cute little baby monkeys!
;)C
I was working on my grocery list and thinking of all the things that sounded good. Most of those things involved fresh vegetables that I would usually go get at the local Farmer's Market on Saturday mornings, or from my Mom's garden, or even the orchard on the way to the nearest Meijer. Then I thought of my poor little flowers that are so confused and starting to peek through the mulch at the front of the house. It's still not time for them, but seeing them makes me wish it were. Although if this weather southern Indiana is having this January tricks my Hyacinths then kills them, I'm going to be ticked.
S. Baring-Gould – The Leaden Ring
In the midst of our movie-watching and bagel-nomming, we decided we should bake something together since that's certainly not something we could have done together during a weekend in Manhattan. What to bake?, we pondered. We finally decided to make the Smitten Kitchen recipe for blondies, which basically gives you a basic recipe and you can throw in whatever mix-ins or flavorings you like. I've made them before with dark brown sugar, chocolate chips, and espresso powder (and called them "dirty blondies" since they came out so dark).
Thank you so very very very much Maggie & Mitch!!!
Unless you were in the pool,
I've saw this book that came out recently and was waiting
It was determined that Sawyer’s cause of death was not SIDS because of the coarctation of his aorta. In order for SIDS to be determined the cause of death the baby must be 100% anatomically correct. The coarctation while it was not narrow enough to cause death, it did lead to the possibility that he had cardiac channelopathies.
Looking at my cute but, not so good cakes, I wondered, "Now what?" Well, as far as this post is concerned, just photos without a recipe, I suppose, with a little bit of chit-chat thrown in.
campaign worker made the ad on his Apple in one afternoon.
and of course all of the wonderful housemates of the Madrona!! So the best part of Carlanda's birthday was that we all got to make more new and fabulous friends.
This is the perfect gift for any blueberry lover! This set comes with blueberry jam and syrup as well as pancake and waffle mix, all made by Stonewall Kitchen. The gift comes in a ceramic blue batter bowl with blueberry motif and a spatula for making pancakes or waffles.
MUSIC FOR ONE X-MAS AND SIX DRUMMERS: From the makers of SOUND OF NOISE, we get their percussive take on Christmas caroling in a rest home.
“Oh yes. I see that here. I can write it in if you want.”
Who loves words
Two. Off Switch Even though they only have two issues out right now, I am in love with this magazine! Why you ask? Well, for one, you can buy print copies it and two, THE PHOTOGRAPHY! It’s beautiful! Check it out!
Markets are flooded with various kinds of watches- new branded and second-hand ones. Most people like the new and abandon the second-hand ones, but in fact, second-hand watches are also very attractive with enjoyable design and satisfying quality. The point is that how we can buy them with those features.
but this latest round of numbnuts have absolutely NO sense of ethical business practices.
To inspire growth, respect, and sustainability.
weighed down by a penchant for being impossible to those he loves
Then, once invested, it generates income that is taxed at the corporate level at a 35 percent rate, and then it’s taxed again at the individual level at a 15 percent rate on dividends and capital gains. The combined rate on corporate earnings alone is over 45 percent, and this is all after the first layer of tax.
· John Denver
JUST remember, you must have your tech people install the apps and this can take time, so PLAN AHEAD!!! Put your requests in early. In fact, if the app is free, a heads up over the summer means your tech people can do it at their leisure and the app will be ready for you in the fall.
Liberty Noteworthy
This post in the series focuses on the “remain” part rather than the “become” part. Juan Linz has famously argued that presidential democracies don’t work, with the exception of the US. To simplify things a bit, in a presidential democracy – where you have of course also a parliament – the executive power is elected directly by popular vote. People elect a president and this president selects her government. The people also elect members of parliament in separate elections. In a parliamentary democracy the executive isn’t elected directly by the people. The people elect only the members of parliament. The political party (or parties) that manage to get a majority of elected members of parliament then form a government (often after coalition negotiations between parties when there isn’t one party that has managed to acquire a majority of representatives in parliament).
Happy days!
category codes: mukashiteberumono
What doesn't offend them? There is no Top Gear in Saudi. Move there.
This morning made me want to take C to Disney even more. I just know he would LOVE it and I do hope we make it there while it is all still so magical to him. But until then, we will enjoy high school kids and Chick-Fl-A!
& Editors, Tarpaulin Sky Press
The raw reality is that SA today is a broken country, trapped in a vicious cycle of massively declining State capability. Their skills and managerial genius properly harnessed, the Whites could have played a felicitous role in helping create a viable post-apartheid society. Their help was spurned. Crudely applied affirmative action and renewed, blatantly racist policies blocked it, to the point where Whites now are a frightened, heavily marginalised people, their numbers declining all the time through brutal murder and migration.
2. People show up truly concerned, but at their wit's end with someone's longstanding alcoholism and expect us just to admit them to the hospital. The patient usually just sits there quietly while the family does the talking. Long discussions are held about the plight. Nope. Can't just admit them to the hospital because they're drunk. Dispostion: Detox
Shifting from town to the remote gaon of Mansarovar is not gonna be easy. Imagine the long journey one has to make to see civilization. All my regular food joints will suffer such huge loss. Alas! when destiny takes a decision lesser mortals like me have to succumb. But before I leave I wanna jot down my fondest memories of the people i met here. Some really good friends:
Next week I will kick ass because I plan to:
Author: Wikipedia: “Robert Shirley Richardson (1902 – 1981) was an American astronomer, born in Indiana. He also published science fiction using the pseudonym Philip Latham.”
4. That Night (Oberg, Fredriksz, Reijnen, v. Heiningen) 5:15
For Him, I don’t need a phone;
A lot of people shrug it off and assume that's just the price of renewable energy. I guess it is too. However it's also a bit of a design flaw. Especially in the advertising of what could "possibly" be saved on electricity bills. Apparently, the best way to reduce your electricity bill is NOT to use your household electricity during the day. Because that's when the panels will be at maximum production and can feed back to the electricity grid.
“As I stood there on the cold, hard tiles, I felt the presence of someone behind me. Strange, I didn’t see anyone when I came in, nor did I hear the door open or close behind me.
AbeBooks: Tintin was born, figuratively speaking, on January 10, 1929 when Georges Remi’s comic strip hero appeared in a children’s supplement of the Belgian newspaper, Le XXe Siecle. The strip has survived various political regimes, a world war, changing consumer tastes and accusations of racial stereotyping and colonialism.
The more I sensed from my Lord,
WOW. Darker After Midnight is so much more than Chase and Tavia finding their HEA. There is so much going on in this installment that will change the face of the series. I feel like Lara Adrian did some foreshadowing with Jenna and the Ancient's storyline back in Taken by Midnight. We've seen changes take place within her since then. And we get to see more evolve with her but still do not get the whole picture with what is happening to her.
1) on how the funeral were carried out and
Instead of killing terrorists, we free them.
I saw them in this post by Ms.Wedgie, and was suckered in by the price, not to mention that I prefer these kind of clear nails over the white tip ones any day.. For €10.50 you get 200 false nails and a small bottle of nail glue, but like Ms.Wedgie says, the bottle is pretty much useless! You can't squeeze any glue out of the bloody thing! I had my own glue anyway, again from The Edge. As I was trying to minimise the damage that could be inflicted, I only buffed my nails slightly (So they probably wouldn't stay on as long as if I had scored the nail more heavily and applied primer onto the nail), and I picked up a false nail remover pot from Boots as well, best way to take falsies off!
So, last year was the year of the baby boom. We’re talking 5 (I think? I started to lose count) couple friends from church, and another pair of friends of ours, all multiplying before our very eyes.
I have a particularly bad habit of rushing things. I get ahead of myself… sometimes I get ahead of God. I take a look at things and determine that I’ve seen the plan and I make my own way to what I’ve assumed is God’s will.
Thanks guys!
Jintan: Right now!
I have absolutely any color tulle to make Tu-Tu's from. The Tu-Tu above has green, white, and red tulle in it along with some ladybug ribbon. Let me know what colors you would like and I can make you your own custom Tu-Tu!
C – ‘Re-cycling Peak Car Cities’
4. Louisville Cardinals
For Firstborn, coming from Nairobi's restrictive security where she's not allowed to a mall alone for fear of potential bombs, the thought of occasional Saturday afternoons in NewLook is a major plus point of returning to UK. But it turned out to be a acid test question.
14. When the Levee Breaks - John Bonham's drum sound on this song rewrote the books for drummers everywhere. It was huge and made you sit up and take notice immediately. This song closed the fantastic fourth album perfectly.
Friday: Watch my little cousin graduate from my Alma Mater
UPDATE: March 2012 - I never did quite transition to shooting mostly JPEG. Although I know that JPEG will deliver great results the added 'safety net' of shooting in RAW and the potential to adapt images in the digital darkroom, together with a slick workflow have kept me shooting RAW.
Brooks: no one knows - some say he is a
the other day I was talking to a friend and we realized that ava would be joining nursery in just 2 months from now. say it with me, "whhhhaaaat?!?"
However, what is actually most important to both Auma and Branwen is to get across the key message of the film: how the West portraits Africa both in society and politics, and how this picture needs to grow into something much more diverse – obviously also with positive aspect beyond stunning landscapes and animal wildlife.
Bérénice Marlohe is the new Bond girl and as expected, she was almost unknown until the official announcement some weeks ago. As anyone could see from the photos in this blog, her shape, French smile, and ability to generate blog post, she is a model. Bérénice will star in the twenty-third Bond film called Skyfall, alongside Daniel Craig who will play the role of that indestructible and luckier-than-a-cat, James Bond. The interesting thing about Skyfall is that it will be directed by Academy Award winning director Sam Mendes. Sam Mendes, as I like to point out every chance I get, has a Trinidadian grandfather, “famed West Indian writer Alfred H. Mendes.”
Well, back to trying to figure this stuff out after I take a shower and bring my son to work.
So in order for conservative Christians to support the “electable” Romney, must they put their religious convictions in a box and tape them up until November 7? What becomes of all the allegations that Obama is unfit to lead the nation because of his sympathy for Islam and policy positions that seem contradictory to biblical teaching? In effect, conservative Christians would be admitting their fickleness at best; and at worst, exposing themselves as hypocrites who can dismiss Romney’s “false religion” as immaterial, after having been critical and suspicious of Obama’s Christian faith.
I often hear the excuse that too many bad things happen in this world for someone to believe or to trust in God. Oh, but if we could just see the eternal perspective we would rejoice and praise that these events take place for our chastening and our good. He truly is Sovereign and not a sparrow falls to the ground without His knowing and His approval. I can trust that He will bring all things to His good purposes and that He will not fail me.
In Rabelais, there is much revelry, excess, and corruption. He who feasts, defecates. The grotesque body, in such a society, is one that emits and one which is porous to the world around it. So here we have Bottom Dog and his companion, navigating the copiously developed, seemingly lush Floridian landscape. What they are really traversing may be the over-fished, deforested, gentrified mirage of a southern state where the wetlands dry up and the coasts erode.
I agree that the old school method of having to fill little ice cube trays is both tedious and slow. And I ALWAYS spill water on the floor when travelling from the sink to the freezer… But I don’t think I’ve ever had ice cubes from an ice maker that didn’t smell funny. And not ‘ha ha’ funny. I prefer my ice non-smelly.
Another important aspect of digital citizenship is being aware of and following copyright laws. This was an especially important concept that I taught to my students in the class I taught at Siena Heights University as an adjunct faculty member. Simply saying "I didn't know" is not an excuse for not properly citing sources. Below is a photo from Smithsonian Images that I will be using in a SMART board presentation on American Symbols, along with the citation. It was very easy to create using the Oregon School Library Information System citation maker.
Anywho... check it out the next time you're cruising the information superhighway. Which by the way is the only way to legally drink and "drive."
(honest)
“Yes, Lisa?”
Lizzy & I will whip up a few yummies.
Do you know what desperation means? And I don’t mean the meaning vocabulary gives. For me desperation is when my 8 year old son is hungry and I have nothing attractive to feed him.
Subsequent records Check Your Head and Ill Communication found an instant foothold in the mainstream, however, propelling the band to stratospheric stardom.
The question Malians have struggled with in 2012 is whether it can be more dangerous to adhere to a constitutional course of action when state institutions are compromised and have lost the trust of the people they are meant to govern.
When you can see that,
“This, Madame, is Versailles!” was breathtaking! The precision of the pure lines revealed a sensual femininity and elegance. Transparent silk chiffon in incredible pinks, blues, greens and ecru, white gabardines and black satins. Dresses scattered with baroque flowers, structured gowns with mode dégradé chain straps of color shading off onto one another, feathers, organza millefeuilles, and a short chain dress reflecting Marie-Antoinette’s love of nature and escape from the formalities of royal life to Le Petit Trianon.
I bring this up because I have seen HVAC contractors do some really great and some not so great things to make the homeowners feel more comfortable letting someone into their home. I thought I would share some of these observations/ideas.
Me (the librarian): Can I help you find something?
We had hoped the kitchen would be completed by now, but it looks like it's going to be about two more weeks. Must be patient, must be patient, must be patient...
Don’t wait. Carpe diem!
He laughed cause I was right and he was going to say the same thing!
It's Sharing Sunday! I came across some great health and nutrition posts this week that are definitely worth sharing. So sit back, grab a cup of tea or coffee, and enjoy!
If you are in the market for a timepiece in the mid price range, say ,000 and up there are a few things you want to consider. If you are going to be looking at Cartier watches, for example or any other high end luxury maker you want to educate yourself on a few key points.
