The Class: Beginner and intermediate classes are given between 6pm and 8pm by Beto Ortiz and Asta Moro. They tend to stick to the basics and I've enjoyed dancing with some of their students. On some Sundays, when they are organising their own tea dance out in Aldenham, Nikki gives the classes instead; occasionally she has other guest teachers.
I shift my position on the sofa, but I seem to have become part of it, my trousers melded into the covers, my hip bones hooked into the springs. Jack grins at me from across the room. He understands. He knows I’m trapped. But it doesn’t matter. Nothing else is moving, will ever move. We are entering a new age now, an ice age of immobility, and the traffic is a glacier of metal and rubber, inching to a halt on the road above us.
After 10 years I was ready to move up again. I was going to miss that pool but I felt that we were bursting again. So we were on the move again. We have been very fortunate that when we are ready to move we buy the next house and are able to fix up the old house and sell and usually it is less than a month on the market. This house was no exception. We had found our next house and since we were close to closing put the 58th Street House on the market. It sold quick, like in 2 weeks. Bad news though as the one we were buying had a problem....continued...
An hypocrite, unbalanced young lady
2. The table and chairs have a definite mid-century modern feel.
If my day is dark.
Donald W. Jones, 43, Fairless Hills, Pa.
There are also plenty of widgets to choose from, and ICS has brought them to the fore by including them in the apps screen.
Zine World’s website, www.undergroundpress.org, has event listings, a list of zine libraries and infoshops, how-to articles, and links to many other resources.
I work primarily as a Homeopath and through my work get to listen to the inner most secret world of my patients. Working with children is amazing, because when given the space to express themselves they are like a fountain of self-awareness and wisdom. They know what their needs are; they’re just rarely given the opportunity to express them.
To me at least I believe that CLAMP is one if not the only legendary producers of anime manga and anime series that actually do justice to both!
You have talents that you've explored and are still exploring. You appreciate the talents of others as well and respect that they are different but equally as valuable as your own. That friggin' rocks!
“Kighgh me!” This time I knew.
Hey Diva's, Merry Day After Christmas! I pray that you all had a Wonderful and Blessed Christmas. My day was Truly Blessed and very busy, I didn't get in the bed until around 3:30am Christmas Morning wrapping gifts and strategically placing them under the tree ( I don't know why I wait to the night before every year to do this), the kiddos were up @ 7am anxious to see what awaited them. After all the excitement we cleaned up the mounds of paper and boxes and started getting ready for the day. My mom and Aunt went to the kitchen and around noon my whole neighborhood had a power outage (yayyyyy lol). We had Hungry children and Hungry Adults and things were starting to get "UGLY" FAST! Crew member 5 decided she was going to have a melt down Crew Member 2 was upset her Kindle Fire wasn't working so she had a melt down Crew Member 3 was anxious to get outside with all her friends and their new bikes so she kept bugging me every 5 secs. Because they couldn't finish the Basketball Game all the men kept coming back and forth in the kitchen and opening the stove just to "Check" as if this was going to summons the power fairies to come and turn the power on or something.
Doh! What an idiot.
I am sad that Kyle will no longer play with his trains. He's now at an age where he could make pretty cool tracks himself, but I think that this is the perfect step up from that.
Immigrants are said to be a burden on social safety nets; and they bring down wages for local workers because they are willing to work for less (especially the illegal immigrants). Never mind that this is completely and utterly wrong.
Carrie Ann: Date night with the hubby for sure!
Vicki and Debbi have more compatible writing styles which means that the album as a whole sounds more consistent and the majority of the songs are classic west coast jangly pop at its best, but it does miss the experimental and slightly more edgy contribution that Steele brought to the table. Interestingly, it seems that drummer Debbi Peterson has taken on part of her mantle and produced some of the more interesting songs such as the delightfully poignant ‘One of Two’. Elsewhere, you can always rely on Susanna Hoffs to produce a one or two decent ballads and Vicki Peterson to chip in a couple of individual efforts and provide those curious sub-Neil Young blustery solos.
3: I wrote most of the stories for My Little Pony comic for eight years
The time involved in properly accepting and executing the Versatile Blogger Award makes me think about the three full-time jobs that I have as a freelance writer. The first job is to write. The second job is to track down the payments that are due to me for what I have written. These payments go awry for every possible reason: invoices are lost or mislaid or misfiled or delayed, checks arrive unsigned or are sent through the wrong damn processing center, and the supposed convenience of electronic payments just leads to a whole new labyrinth of delayed processing and missing or mistaken bank codes. But I digress.
She was wearin' a black dress...short, but not too short. Short enough I mused, pryin' my eyes away from her alabaster legs (and her chest, and her face...actually, her entire body).
Huey and Herbie discussing birdie life on the big boy perch. Huey's face is yellow from their calcium perch.
So I sit for a while with Kurt Cobain and Ian Curtis. Ian tells me about how he loves the atmosphere in the bottle and how it’s got the best fucking jukebox that he's ever had the pleasure of pumping coins into.
LiSA burst onto the Japanese music scene with her role on the hit anime Angel Beats! as the singing voice for Yui, one of the vocalists in the in-show band “Girls Dead Monster.” Beyond being chosen as the theme song to Fate/Zero, her first single entered the Japanese Oricon weekly charts at #5, and went on to capture the #2 spot on the daily charts. In advance of her Anime Expo appearance, Aniplex of America will bring four of LISA’s releases to the US including her full-length album and Special Edition combos on Blu-Ray or DVD giving fans an exciting preview of this engaging singer.
"S" joined me also. She did a TKD class that puts me to shame. She is amazing the work she does to get to be her healthiest. And after all of this she did a belly dancing class too.
Please e-mail me within 3 days to claim your prize or I shall pick another winner.
Yesterday I went to a graduation party for an old high school friend. I had a lot of work to do. For the past two weeks I had been running around in pajamas and sweats, makeup free and hair up in a frizzy bun. Suddenly I had to tweeze, wax, exfoliate, shave, wash, and style my way just to become presentable. Note to self in future: becoming Cinderella is easier when you don’t have to start as a cavewoman.
We then made our way to the Water Garden. Gertrude Jekyll was a neighbour, living nearby in Munstead Wood, and in 1911 she was asked to design a water garden for Vann. Using a series of small pools from the larger pond, this particularly tranquil part of Vann has stepping stones, little bridges and is planted with shade loving plants. The bluebells were coming out and occasionally the whiff of Wild Garlic floated by.
Still, as long as you insist on seeing all this privilege where I don’t, I think I ought to help.
More than 72 hours had elapsed since what I consider to be my first kiss. For discretionary purposes, I’ll refer to the guy as Fang. He and I had talked very little since then. Just a couple texts letting each other know what the upcoming week was looking like. There was no mention of the millisecond long awkward kiss I had initiated. Because this was new territory for me, and because I had strong feelings for Fang, I couldn’t stop overanalyzing his sudden lack in communication. He was smitten over me before and after our first date making me hold no regret in kissing him at the end of our second one. Yet I was starting to wonder if he recognized my green qualities. And I wondered if that had scared him off, prematurely ending what I consider to be my first truly romantic experience. Just as the lack of a beat was getting to me, my apartment building came into view. My run was over, but the day, and the week, were just beginning.
1/2 teaspoon sugar
Green Chillies – 4
Burton does a good job of not overplaying the hand too much – we get the message a few times but we’re getting it from different people so it provides a sense of how completely trapped Alice is and not just that there’s a singular wicked stepmother responsible for everything bad.
This article is inspired by this website that tells a tale of an inter-dimensional traveler giving the webmaster a latter day Beatles album, for in his universe the Fab Four were alive and well and still making tunes. I am not claiming that an inter-dimensional comic book fan came to me and told me of this parallel universe’s “Avengers” film, mostly because I don’t think this “Avengers” film would be worth the trip.
Than he knows
Like all Japanese interior design, lighting is given proper importance. Available natural light is accessed through the narrow slot window which also visually extends the space to the outdoors where the owners are able to keep an eye on their young children playing in the back yard.
Now gifted humans like Vincent Youmans
We looked for patterns. Oh, it's the full moon, we said.
There were many more memories....hope to post some pictures soon and some new thoughts that are brewing.
How to apply to be on NBC's Minute to Win It
Rather than write my own response, I will let the fact that I have advertising on this site (and am more than comfortable with it) speak for me.
I saw some of my friends not being able to go out, do fun things, or choose to stop working.
it was someone . . .
the feds use ‘em for spreadin’ barium across this oppressed land
Another thing I love about the store was that they have organic vegetable section. They have their own field and make organic vegetables there. They also make Japanese rice domestically and sell it there. The packages with green letters with COSMO mark is their brand of rice. I usually try to buy organic vegetables and locally grown produces rather than imported ones. It is more environmental.
Woolsey, retired CFO for Dolese Bros. Co., served as Salvation Army Advisory Board Chair from 1997 to 1999 under Major George Hoosier. He has also served as treasurer and on the Finance Committee, the Property Committee and the Executive Committee of The Salvation Army Central Oklahoma Advisory Board.
Speaking of London, I’m visiting it this evening, for a twenty-four hour date. Jo. Me. Wagamamas. Winter wonderland. Christmas lights in London. Pretty much the best 24hours date itinerary ever! I’ll miss London. All the people around you. It’s like that saying ‘to the world your one person.’ Defiantly feel that way in London. And I love it. Would also love to finish it. ‘but to one person your their world’ Got plenty of time for that though.
I have barely recovered from the whirlwind of interviews, tv, book signings and talk having to do with the release of my new book "The Sound of Music Family Scrapbook." I say my book, but it is really a labor of love from all 7 of us who were cast all those years ago to play the von Trapp family in the movie.
Now, I'm not saying that no one ever taught me about establishing credit or setting up a budget. My parents probably tried to teach me, but the lesson never sunk in. And now, here I am in my forties, just trying to establish a little credit.
Your relentless determination to give your child the very best that life has to offer is amazing!!!!!!!
"What the fuck is going on here?" Fitton's really beginning to wish he hadn't risen from the comfort of his satin sheets. He glances round the small crowd now gathered as the Tactical Response Unit infest the building, paramedics rush up the stairs and he can see beads of sweat forming on two others of the team.
Ole Miss
AWP: Tell me about your cooking and eating habits and traditions.
"49 ... the goods covered by the conflicting marks are identical. ... it is therefore necessary to compare only the conflicting signs.
Repeatedly trying to ram through nation-breaking health-care legislation.
Your back goes out more often than you do - Geoff.
Oh, but we do! In fact, we have it all worked out. All I have to do is walk up to him, shake his hand, and say, “That’ll do, Kev. That’ll do.” Then I turn and calmly walk away, never to have contact with him again.
That is compounded by culture clash. The Mashco-Piro live by their own social code, which Soria said includes the practice of kidnapping other tribes’ women and children.
Since that strange moment in front of the LARGE cheese selection, I've been trying to follow my nose. You know what smells good anytime of day? The crêpe stands so near to my Montparnasse apartment.And nothing is more dangerous to a good regime than walking through a French market. On Saturday I went to get a couple of things and left with a full tote bag--and that was after abstaining. A portion of roasted chicken (that I gobbled up immediately upon returning home), a large bag of olives, vegetables, fougasse, coriander, and farm eggs! I can't wait to show MP the market, and I've been thinking of a game: We each have 20 Euros, so what do you get? First off I'm grabbing some bio honey, then some sugared dry fruit.
Jacek Laszczkowski (Nerone)
Tevez and Aguero then produced a piece of Argentine magic to further their lead. Aguero played in his compatriot on the edge of the box, before receiving it back thanks to a clever backheel and with his first touch Aguero made no mistake in rifling the ball into the top corner.
“Quickly, I have a small car over here…” The two of them run down the Alley, until they come to the girls little white Car, and they both get in…
5. Unidentified exorcist, New York, September 1980.
But it hurts me. It controls me. It makes me sick. It is a toxin I have to get out.
Go crying through our singing,
And every country fair has a beer tent,
I had my first parent/teacher conference today. It was a short conference, just to let us know how Emily is doing in school. Good news!! She is EXCELLENT! Did you have any doubt? She is learning a lot and she is very sociable. I know she is learning because she comes home every day and wants to write and read some more.
The perfect place to spend our Easter break : LA CAPUCCINA . It's a beautiful property surrounded by nature, of unique and unconventional design, where you can feel the love for simple and pure life but always without forgetting comforts and modernity.
While I realize I am about to compare Malus domestica to Citrus sinensis, I have the similar figures for the United States.
That doesn't mean I am not open to feedback, far from it. If I respect you, I will absolutely take your opinion into consideration. But if I don't care for you, then my response is "Fuck You." That doesn't mean I will dismiss a comment simply because it is negative. I'm just saying I can no longer care what everyone thinks about me. I need to limit the court of public opinion to my friends and colleagues. You have the right to voice your opinion, it doesn't mean you will get final consideration into who I am.
Take “A Military Couple (part one).” It would appear that the information being withheld in this story is that Laura’s husband, a military man of some kind, has been killed somehow during some training maneuvers. Death is never mentioned, however. The story at first seems instead to be about the military man’s—John’s—suspected infidelity. It is not till the end of the story that the reader realizes, and this is not entirely clear, either, that John has not come home, not because he has left Laura for another woman, but because he has died.
"A law!"
This is a picture of MOST of the place cards I made for a very special Bridal Shower! I've never met the bride, but was given lots of details about her.
As you can tell from the cover art by talented New York artist Scott Altmann, this series belongs firmly at the fantasy end of my writing spectrum, whereas my previous novel “I am the Great Horse” (told by Alexander the Great’s warhorse Bucephalas) lay firmly at the historical end.
On one toss by the bear Ron actually landed on his feet and then ran for a tree. But, the bear was on to him again. Meanwhile, Ron Sr. attempted to get another arrow, but when he saw the bear on top of his son, he decided to attack head on. Ron Sr. took his bow and used it like a club to beat the bear on the head. It worked, for the grizzly turned and ran away from them.
Their father's face turned ashen. "I'm sorry, Will. But that was part of the agreement. You knew that."
So jump to 2008 -- what, you thought I was going to do a complete history of the character? That isn't really supposed to be the point of these posts, so maybe some other time. For now I'm just focusing on highlights.
1 lb ground lamb or beef
I recently had a huge realization (rather, an affirmation, perhaps) that God, in that He is being itself, existence itself, is the sole cause of existence (what Aristotle called “The First Cause”), and that alone is enough to imbed within all Creation a purpose, a goodness that few ever see or realize. That goodness is indeed broken by the Fall, but our ontological purpose remains, and our return to it is immanent, directed by the same First Cause working as the Unmoved Mover, bringing all things back to His original plan and divine purpose. Ever greater, therefore, is that this First Cause, this Unmoved Mover, actually gives a rip about what He caused, about what He’s moving!
Lisa: Meeting him for the first time was very fun and delightful. We didn’t get to spend much time together, because our surroundings were crowded with lots of friends, laughter and great food. We still managed to get a few small talks in. That’s when I learned that Francois was quite the foodie. Ah! So adorable! That’s when I knew we had an awesome connection, because food is definitely a way to my heart. Haha!
Elsewhere on the walls of the room (not pictured) are ads my lil' punk-rock self doctored, like an old Buck Cigarettes ad that I Liquid-Papered so it read "FUCK THE SYSTEM!" and another sign that read "WORSHIP AT THE CHURCH OF OUR CHOICE THIS WEEK." (It originally said "YOUR" but I trimmed the Y out to more accurately reflect the knifefight interactions I'd experienced from my Baptist "friends.").
Today's Fitness Friday post is about making adjustments in your workout when something just isn't working.
I first gained an appreciation of Budweiser while discovering craft beer. It was during my RateBeer phase a few years ago, when I carefully tasted and documented each and every beer I could possibly get my hands on, whether it be "craft" or "macro". When I got around to putting a six-pack once bottle of Budweiser through those paces, I remember my surprise at how good Bud actually tasted. Now it certainly wasn't a good beer, but it wasn't a bad one, either. So while your local brewer almost certainly makes a better lager than Budweiser, I'll have a Bud with its crisp, clear light green apple flavors and slightly astringent finish over any of its macro-lager brethren full of skunky off flavors any day of the week.
“Modernization”
the place to which I ran, when a young man
The Elections Act does not have an escape for the Conservatives if they contrived to direct voters away from legitimate polling places, even by mistake. Their intent was to direct voters to a voting location rather than leaving voters to rely on direct information from Elections Canada. Every time callers were wrong in their supplied directions, that’s a crime, not simply an error. The repercussion of the “error” is disenfranchisement in some unknowable number of cases. That makes it a serious crime, punishable by a $5000 fine and 5 years in jail. For there to be a crime you need illegal intent, and illegal action, not identified victims. Unrepentant criminals blame others, especially when freshly caught.
Long. She did not FEAR sickness or death.
“We took space back quickly, expensively, with total panic and close to maximum brutality,” war correspondent Michael Herr recalled about the US military in Vietnam. “Our machine was devastating. And versatile. It could do everything but stop.”
Of course, Hylan is one to speak; he was in Hearst's back pocket throughout his entire tenure and never swayed from the calls of dear ole Tammany.
Nora Marks Dauenhauer
An investigation has been launched into the accidental shooting death of a Port Elizabeth man, the Independent Complaints Directorate says.
A more informal look could be worn with this Topshop pair of earrings. They’re more of a cowgirl style, and they would look amazing with a denim shirt:
But wait! I have one more diagnosis, for your consideration:
We have been talking a lot about what our blog readers are looking for and how we might be better able to give it to them. Insights into our selection process seem to be well received, so I thought it might be a nice exercise to share with you (with the author's permission) a query letter for a YA novel I recently signed up from the slush pile. What I'll do is paste the letter below in its entirety and then comment on the letter itself below that to try to describe to our readers why it grabbed my attention and why I think it worked.
The day wasn’t a full hours twenty-four for once
I know I’ve said that there were very few websites that I buy vouchers from, but this is one exception. A good friend in the office told me that there was a voucher for a restaurant called Shantung, which was very near our house. I have never eaten there, but I’ve heard good reviews about the taste of the food. My friend told me that the voucher was for a set of dishes, in particular the hot and sour soup and the fried chicken, which were their bestsellers. This is definitely the chance to go and try out that restaurant.
we've been spending a lot of time at oakwood park these days.
Most, if not all of the lobbyists aforementioned would not have had the money or desire to lobby for smoking bans if not funded and instructed by their puppeteers at the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF).
Fortunately, I am getting smart in my old age, or maybe just humble and recognizing that I am an idiot but with proper planning I can account for it. It turns out that I had two sets of ingredients in the brew queue, so today I will be doing a partial mash version of the McQuaker's Oatmeal Stout recipe from Brewing Classic Styles.
Busaria Jaya was given the 6,000 hectares of native lands for a knock down price without compensation to the local people, who have now once more lost their lands and livelihoods.
I loved making new friends
Merci et Au Revoir
Well no, actually to me it does not explain it. A violent thug and wanted criminal is a violent thug and wanted criminal, black or white.
On this glorious autumn day I can’t think of a better way to share it.
Of course I know it's not supposed to be literally saying that, it's just supposed to be a bit of ecumenical mushy-headedness. But this is exactly the kind of thinking that gives intolerance a free pass, as long as it's not too extreme, and you couch it in terms of faith.
Netshiozwe, 23, is a product of the first post-apartheid generation who entered a new and aspiring education system which aimed to heal the economic divisions created by the white-minority government. But like many, she left without the skills to qualify for anything other than manual labour.
Mathematics Grades 3-4 CD-Rom we received to
Well...hello.
She sends you out to buy her spring-fresh extra-light panty liners with wings (+5)
This is a free exhibiton of 40 recent art graduates’ work, and there is a lot of interesting and some good stuff to be seen. I’ll start with three today:
Melding the flavors of crisp onions
As they say, pictures speak a 1000 words...plus one :)
Stuff that hurts and decreases jobs in the private sector.
If I never try, then at least I’ll always have hope.
If the answer is “yes,” you can incorporate more helpful thought patterns into your life through these types of activities:
Well, the road to hell is paved with good intentions. I've been thwarted from my curmudgeonly ways by my well meaning company who awarded me with free tickets for my hard work over the last few months...and they're making me take the day off (plus a few more..).
I must admit Lana had hers done (and sold) before I even got around to thinking what to do with mine but with a little 'nudge' from Lana (thanks girlfriend), I got the old brain whirling and this is what I came up with.
In Afghanistan, where thousands of children rely on school meals (often emergency biscuits or corn-soy porridge) supplied by the World Food Program, the organization says the outlook on food security is increasingly bleak. A funding shortfall may mean the WFP has to cut its assistance down to only emergency projects. With wheat prices continuing to rise and the humanitarian situation deteriorating, need is only going to increase.
Tuesday, 5/1: Slow cooker — the boys have been hounding me for meatballs in marinara. We’ll forego any sort of starch item with them and just eat the meatballs, sauce, and sauteed kale.
I have been working on a few projects over the holidays that I will be posting this month, but to start off today I have a very cute birthday card to show you that I made for a girl at work using a stamp I bought using my Christmas money from hubby!
"The War of the Roses".
Here they were, fighting this fight, all the while, praying that I wouldn't have to. How do you sufficiently thank someone for that?
I'm tagging Michelle, SciFiChick and Akelamalu!
Here's a picture of me last September
Then I went to bed Tuesday night. And lets be honest. I was still hoping. But secretly I told myself that I was fine if we didn't get an email again. About as fine as five year old would be with skipping presents on Christmas.
Not too shabby, except wouldn't you know, I've decided to go all out and run a half marathon next weekend. Originally I just didn't think we could make it work. Chris is in a wedding out of town (about an hour and a half from our house) and with Ryann and such, it just didn't seem feasible to throw a half marathon in the mix. But I was starting to be bitter about not finding a race to run this spring. So even though it is going to be a lot of back and forth and a bit of a rush here and there, we are going to make it happen. I am running half marathon #2 in less than a week.
Instead of using her divinity degree, Kathy got a job as a clerk in an office. As an intelligent, energetic and ambitious person, she quickly taught herself about computers and office procedures and rose to responsible positions. However, two main themes in her life were 1) fearing betrayal by people she trusted and 2) lacking respect for people less intelligent and perceptive than her telling her what to do. As she constantly feared betrayal, she would provoke people around her into betraying her, creating a self-fulfilling prophecy. As we worked together, I saw her engage in this pattern.
through whom you have done so much for us.
I was lost when You found me here,
So we like to think we are on an Adventure, we have seen it all as an Adventure but then ...
LOVE what you see ~
What was the purpose of these Visitas? What kinds of information can we glean from them on race and the state?
30. Billy Childish - Ballad Of Hollis Brown
You didn’t choose me. I chose you. I appointed you to go and produce lasting fruit, so that the Father will give you whatever you ask for, using my name. John 15:16
But they still acted like teenage boys.
I got my first "big girl job" and thought surely I had become an adult... oh boy was I still wrong.
The conditions at the Kolob area were a little too muddy and snow covered to consider taking a hike, so we continued on to the interior of the park and drove to the parking lot at the base of the Temple of Sinawava. From there, we hiked the Riverside Trail up to the Narrows of the Virgin River. Along the way a portion of the cliff adjacent to the trail broke loose, but Leah cheated death by holding off the massive rock!
I went bowling at Dart Bowl last night with some pals from the hood. We were drinking PBRs and having a fine old time gazing at all the nubile jailbait. Sadly, I'm too close to the age of their parents now to not feel like I ought to have an tracking device around my ankle just for looking. How the hell are you supposed to bowl with all these short-shorted, midriff-baring distractions running around?
I teach in a home group on living as sons of God to multiply the Kingdom of Christ. When I share my concerns that most Christians, if not outright legalists, remain tied to a far more subtle legalism which is the underlying performance orientation that is implied by the term ‘Christian,’ they are taken aback. I don’t mean to imply that they are bad people. But I do state emphatically that they are not living in what Jesus established by His resurrection and multiplied at Pentecost: Life in the Spirit of Sonship.
Where will I end? Where will I begin? The ultimate debate, the egg or the chicken? Fault, Fault, Fault! Will this resolve? I feel so jammed with chaos, no real escape or pleasure. Resurfacing of an old challenge, I beat it once, I lost again, when will I connect? Mind shedding, leave my old thoughts behind and move forth to the unknown.
Do you have some easy make ahead meal favorites for your family? I’d love to hear about them.
Washington, DC 20013-7012
They have either left the country or have become self-employed, waging a constant struggle for survival in small businesses run from homes and garages without pension schemes, medical aid or access to capital, which is largely reserved for blacks.
when i go back and read the first few posts in this blog i realize how much i have changed. i hardly remember that girl any more. sure we still have many of the same struggles, bad habits, hopes, and dreams... but when i stop and think "who is smasher girl" all the answers are in the past tense. the real question is "who WAS smasher girl"...
This week Sepia Saturday has gone to the theatre. Book your seat now and enjoy the show by going on over to the Sepia Saturday Blog and following the links.
CD1 (Dawn To Dusk)
One of my goals for week six was to cook some beans and eat these for breakfast (thanks, Karen for this idea). I did just that several times last week. This week I plan to eat beans before I head out on my bike. Great protein source. I met my exercise goals, too.
The Law Offices of Keith Ligori believes that the community will begin to change when we promote unity. The effects of tragedy are universal, affecting all populations regardless of gender, race, age or socioeconomic status. As a personal injury lawyer, Mr. Ligori sees how an entire life can be changed by a single event.
April 7, 1985
Phase 4 came from Newcastle and DIDN'T have the young Mike Batt in the group, as some sources try to tell us. They recorded two singles for the small Fab label in 66. This is the first, and it was licenced to Decca, who put out a second pressing the same year. +++
On Thursday I made the blue cheese, walnut and escarole spaghetti recipe from Gourmet magazine. What a dish! And that’s a positive statement. This dish gets its spine from the blue cheese, which melts into a coating for pasta and wilted escarole. The escarole and pasta mix together and walnuts go atop.
get ready for the ‘shocker’… Sherri Shepherd.
The entrance to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital is completely under water, and can be found in stagnant water everywhere.
Eventually the Tiger storm will pass, and one day he might even go back to playing golf. The court of public opinion will inevitably give a verdict and life will move on. But until we’re all swept up in the frenzy of the next “___ gate” it might be worthwhile to re-examine America’s news judgment.
We've got people with tastes all over the map, but we might just get lucky and if four or five of us can agree on a selection, I think that would be pretty cool. Think about it and let me know if you'd be interested and if so, maybe suggest a list of books you're interested in reading that might be more interesting if you knew others were reading them too.
-shoulder block by Cena and Brock goes into the ref.
silent and heavy red chair.
Today, I noticed that my daughter has a rash on her body. I should probably get that checked out, which means I'm going to be making some calls. Sigh. . . hope I can find a good doctor.
We have been very delighted to have quite a few entrepreneurial talent on the campus. Our 2012 graduating batch saw -
Such things aren’t meant to be pleased
“Rhythm is something you either have or don’t have, but when you have it, you have it all over.”
Andy Warhol, Gore Vidal and David Williams.
it was bitter cold too
Audrey groaned. “Yes.”
1 heaped cup onion (150g), finely chopped
Jay’s total weight loss – 11 pounds
g. The Roots
There are only 12 views and no comments on YouTube as of 6:30 this morning Chicago time, for the piece is being introduced here. Go have a listen, leave a comment if you feel so moved, and spare a thought for Hitchens and his family. Thank you, Andrew.
Step 5: Lightly sand.
Right. Wednesday!
1) in the twilight/shutting down era of the Roman empire,
Hopefully I’ll get more beautiful pictures!
2. Matched by Allie Condie: So the book is advertised as something akin to The Hunger Games in that it portrays a dystopian society and blah blah blah but it is essentially a poor man’s The Giver that takes place in Camazotz from A Wrinkle in Time. Nonetheless, despite its knockoff set-up, I am finding it to be an intriguing read. As much as I love The Hunger Games, I always found the whole love triangle aspect of it redundant and pointless since there is little to no characterization of Gale so most people (including myself) can only root for Peeta. And if you do find yourself hoping she chooses Gale, then I must question your taste level because really? He’s basically a caveman. But I find the main characters in Matched so far to all be equally likeable. The exceptional and perfect Xander and the mysterious Ky are both intriguing suitors for our protagonist. The rules and regulation of society are also interesting. Whereas Hunger Games portrays a time and place in which the districts are wild, mostly poor, and rebellious, the civilians in Matched are definitely more complacent, unwavering, and numb to their own lifestyle. Because of these differences, I don’t find myself constantly thinking back to The Hunger Games while reading. It’s definitely a book worth reading if you’re into Young Adult fiction like I am (whatever). And this first book seems like a very good set up for the next two books planned in the trilogy.
07 All That Jazz
Now, let’s get some of that juicy GPS data from outer space.
It changes color in response to the body temperature of its wearer. The color is said, to indicate the emotional state of the wearer.
We did it for a lot of reasons. Here's a few. (Bulleted list time folks.):
"Know what I think?"
I’m not getting enough sleep, which I know isn’t healthy and impedes weight-loss. That’s my own fault and something I need to adjust in my evening schedule to fix. Despite that, the skirt that I wore to work today is definitely looser than it was a month ago when I last wore it.
This is what it is for..
The brand whilst being a UK brewed Australian lager has never been the product that by all accounts isn’t that popular or widely drunk in Australia and this stronger version isn’t an attempt to sell the authentic Foster’s. It’s a whole new beer.
Anyway, I started walking towards the usual place where "The Ladies Who Beer" gather when I encountered this --
"Genius!"
From the perspective of the ESDC, whose eminent domain counsel was funded by FCR and which worked hand-in-glove with the developer, surely it's worth it.
Animation Studio: A-1 Pictures Inc.
much so. My family is from Chicago. It’s interesting, the immigrant community. My father grew up on Maxwell Street, my mother grew up on Taylor Street, but they both made it. When they had their kids, they bought the house in Oak Park. Back then, people didn’t want to be identified by their ethnic groups, they wanted to be American. It was very important to leave the old neighborhood behind. Little did I know, as Joe said and I put it in the script, “one mile from where I grew up, Johnny Cross.”
Suaram coordinator Hasbeemasputra Abu Bakar also questioned why MACC had not swung into action despite the overwhelming evidence put forth by the Bruno Manser Fund and a number of other whistleblowers.
In fact, it strikes me as I write this tonight – modern statists and tyrants are nothing that Boy Scouts strive to be: “A Control Freak is neither trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean, nor reverent.” Give me more Boy Scout leaders any day.
I have an announcement!
*i almost know my way to my classroom
What was I thinking
SHE HAS REQUESTED THAT THOSE WHO WANT TO SEND VIRGIL A BIRTHDAY CARD PLEASE SEND IT TO HER HOME AND NOT TO VIRGIL'S ADDRESS. SHE IS PLANNING HIS BIRTHDAY AS A SURPRISE AND WILL ARRANGE ALL CARDS IN A SPECIAL HONOR TO HIM.
4) Ron Paul: 2.9% (2 votes)
The process is simple enough, but does have its own drawbacks, though minimal, IMHO. It does, however, throw a new calculation into the mix, and can confuse brewing software. Here we go.
9) When I was little I didn't like my name and asked my mother to start calling me Andy.
Needless to say, this kind of trip isn't for wimps. And it also goes without saying that you don't want to do this unless you have an experienced guide with you, which is why my brother asked me to go along. You have to know what you're doing out there or you can get into serious trouble - at the very least, you have to know what to eat, what NOT to eat, how to find water, and how to find your way back without a map or compass. It also helps to know a little bit about the wild animals you might encounter along the way, and how to avoid ending up on their dinner menu. Fortunately for us, there aren't many animals around here that would consider us food. There are black bears, coyotes, a few wolves, and mountain lions in the area, but most of these animals would rather avoid contact with humans and will keep their distance unless provoked. Still, any animal will defend itself if it feels threatened, so you have to know how to appear non-threatening, and how to avoid coming face-to-face with them in the first place.
Bewildered Teabag
“But not I,” says Road, who is another poor boy on the block. Then he hollers, “Riot!”
It was hard being a gypsy at the best of times Jessenia knew that, but this was worse. Her family had come from Romania long ago and had put up with many taunts and suspicions from an old world that should have understood to a new world that didn’t want to understand. A world they had refused to accept. Their world had consisted of their colorful caravan and travelling but not anymore. The authorities had stepped in and told them ‘to move on or settle down like normal people.’ Normal people she wondered what were they. She had always thought she was normal.
But what sets Limbo apart from the rest of the indie games available, is its art style, minimalistic and monochromatic, as most indie games are bright and colorful, like Castle Crashers.
Oh noo. They’ve stumbled into a buddy cop film.
It seems like my great ideas come late at night. By late at night I actually mean early in the morning, like 2:00 am.
invite you to…
While postwar America saw middle-class city dwellers fleeing to the suburbs, there was another contingent that ran toward the city, in search of “the authenticity they felt was lacking in the new university campuses, government complexes and corporate skyscrapers they worked and studied in.”
They tasted as good as they looked!
- 1/4 teaspoon salt
Why do I care what they will think after I am gone? They have never valued my life. This time I have no room to run past the group of guys and no key in hand to slide into the lock, just in time. Why is my mace at home? Where is my mace? It would never work with 6 guys. They could simply grab it and use it on me. FOCUS.
Holding out our arms
For years, I could have told you a story of my mother and then wailed, “She didn’t understand!” with as much emotion as if the incident had happened an hour before. And then, it clicked. “Oh, Riiight! She didn’t understand!” Relief, liberation, joy.
fixer upper. I may be walking everywhere (very European).
Ghosts", that's been incredibly... revolutionary. A lot of
I know I’ve already posted today, but I got a wonderful surprise that I wanted to share.
“Mmm hmm. He just started.” I couldn’t help but share more — the young man was being quite tender, and I could sense him inviting me to open up. “It’s the first time we’ve been away from each other all day, and it hasn’t been so easy.”
“Can’t Live Without” Resources –
To me, the department of the Government equipped and in a position to decide this question of emergency are the Chief Executive and the Legislature. The first has at his command and beck and call all the executive officials and departments. He has the Army, the Constabulary, Naval Patrol, the Police of the cities and towns and the barrio lieutenants to inform him of the state of peace and order and the security of the states. He has the Secretary of Education and all the subordinates officers and the school officials under him to inform him as to whether or not there is a school crisis or emergency as a result of the war. He has the Secretary of Agriculture and Natural Resources and his men to advise him as to the agricultural needs and the food supply of the country. He has the Secretary of Finance and all the officials under him to inform him of the finances of the Government and the economy of the country as well as the officials to advise him of the land shipping transportation situation. In other words, the President is in a position to determine whether or not there is still an emergency as a result of the war.
With homecoming came unpacking and resettling into the routine of life with a 14-month-old. I was spring-boarded back into work activities with the arrival of our first group of the new year—an enthusiastic bunch from Tennessee who are mostly first-timers to Haiti, full of curiosity and open to adventure, learning and reflection.
one. “Having the perfect look goes a long way in making the character
This part is especially time frustrating. I will sometimes start a pattern over 10 times, making little changes each time in order to get the look I want, taking notes in my compositions book with each edit. In the case of my lace crop top, I ended up not having enough yarn so I had to make it into a halter. Fortunately, I tend to go for quick projects that I can complete in a couple days (despite being a knitter I have little patience for longterm projects.) After a few (or many) attempts, I finally get something that looks like what I imagined in my head. Once that’s done, I write down a clean-ish version of the pattern so I can recreate it later.
What has pulled me back into writing again is that we are spending the weekend in Monterey, exactly a year from the last time we made this same trip. I'm running in a marathon relay with my co-workers (I run seven miles, not a whole marathon, I hasten to add), and brought the family down for a little mini break in this idyllic California tourist town. We are in an identical motel room, I think it is actually the room next door to the one we had last year, we ate an identical breakfast at the same Denny's restaurant (waffles. Geekygirl actually had waffles for 4 of the 6 meals we ate on the trip!) and spent another beautiful day at the aquarium. We dined at the same Mexican restaurant we went to last year with the rest of my co-workers, and again I got up at 4am to catch the bus to my relay race starting point, wondering again what on earth possessed me to sign up for this venture.
In my day young people didn’t presume to understand important issues let alone have an opinion on them. If my old dad told me the piano teacher from down the road was a communist sympathiser, I didn’t offer up some lukewarm retread of the First Amendment in response – I shunned the man in public, pelted his house with crab apples and joined with a mob to run him out of town.
This day has been 5 years in the making... and I know you have heard me say a million times...
1 t sugar
It was caramel ice cream sandwich with butter cookies dipped in chocolate and nuts. Then the little tube is a drizzling syrup, that can be eaten either with it on the cookie, or sip it after to cleanse the pallet. I thought that was very thoughtful. And the saltiness of the cookie help balanced the sweet of the chocolate and the syrup does cleanse my pallet.
The one thing that has passed us by though is sleep-walking (and its subconscious cousin: sleep-talking). The very idea appeared quite extraordinary to my six year old self. There were the stories from childhood friends – a granddad who went downstairs, still fully asleep, to put on his galoshes “because there was a flood”; other people’s brothers who woke the house, shouting at 3am in the morning at "the nightmare-monster attacking me", and the sensationalist tales from newspapers, with people being found on motorways in their pyjamas as the red sky of dawn approached. All this behaviour being involuntary and uncontrollable sounds odd to we humans – so used we are to being in command of every action.
07. AC/DC (Chapman, Chinn) - 4:30
If you are looking for a way to record MP3s as well as having a way to listen to your favorite radio stations, you will want to learn more about the Pogo Radio LX. This offers you a brand new way to do both of these things from just one small device. It offers a high quality performance even when you are trying to pick up radio stations. The signal quality is as good as that of most stereos systems used in the home.
Reviewed by Craig Sisterson
If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it.
These stories show me how hard a man is willing to work to handle business even if it isn’t the greatest job in the world and if his work ethic started early. Did he stick with the job until he reached a certain goal and then quit? Or did he bounce around a lot (quit or get fired) because he couldn’t get a long with the boss? When he left those early jobs, who does he blame today? The boss? Or does he now recognize certain things about himself back then?
Chris
You are led to believe that the phone will save you when you are in trouble. Totally untrue. Suppose you are stuck under a rubble just after an earthquake. Believe me, the phone will be out of the reach. Or even if it is with you, the networks will be down. Why? Simply because of the mobile towers – they would have fallen with the buildings, you silly thing!
it's funny when the world around you is crumbling - who are the people that stick with you in the hole! - those my Butterflies are the cherished souls i admire! - the rest, yup you guessed it - SEE YA!
In the mystical moist night-air, and from time to time,
Here is part two of my interview with director Sam Auster about his upcoming film The Return of Joe Rich. The film opens later in 2012; I saw it at the Chicago International Film Festival in October of last year and sat down with Auster for a lengthy interview (read part one here).
“You… you hard all you life, you know.”
Nicer still the angels were
My reply: I love you too, Happy Easter
(giraffe)
“It’s not so different from what goes on today,” says Feldman. “People have an interest in scandals and highly eccentric stories, men who have no self control. If we really thought it was awful we would ignore it.”
but i hope sometime someplace,
There you have it, everything you need to succeed my babies.
1 small pack parsley
My mother's style of playing the organ was so much her own that to this day, I have a hard time listening to another church organist during a service. Most of them make lots of mistakes and I cringe. Mom was enough of a perfectionist where that almost never happened. She was an excellent musician.
I know. Shame on me.
What does this have to do with a newborn bath? Well, if you let the nursery nurses take your child to another room to bath your baby.. or even if baby gets bathed in your room with someone who does this same thing day in and day out, it normally looks like the videos below. And then, after baby has cried and cried through a temperature lowering procedure, then they are left to cry some more (or simply 'go away' by falling asleep) in a radiant warmer to begin that pesky temperature regulating.
Yesterday when I saw this very tempting recipe on http://thewaytohisheart.wordpress.com, I could not resist myself from baking it...It was very easy and delicious...We had a wonderful Sunday breakfast.....So here it is....
I think this photo spot of mine would produce some lovely shots with a SLR camera and a decent lens- Cant wait to get one!
The classes you can choose from are made up of archetypes you'd expect to see in a game like this: You can choose from various Soldiers, Thieves and Mages who all possess unique and varied skill-sets that you need to intelligently combine in order to slay your enemies. The classes themselves are fairly well-balanced as there aren't any classes that are miles ahead or miles behind the others in terms of usefulness, making for a fun play-through no matter who you choose to go with. In fact, part of the replay-value this game has comes from assembling silly parties and trying to beat the game with them, such as a party of four Druids (healers) or a party consisting entirely of Soldiers. The class-diversity available is definitely a strong-point of the gameplay in Generica.
4. I love the idea of blowback. Can you tell us a bit about how this concept came about and what it is?
Why can't more people make movies like this? Trippy, visually stunning, creative, mind-bending, well cast, well acted, well written, heart-wrenching, the MUSIC (yay Hans Zimmer!), brilliant brilliant brilliant. Oops, sorry. I won't use that word again, I promise. A day hasn't gone by since last weekend where I haven't thought about it. Now that's an Event movie.
Go be brilliant.
* The White House budget is US$394 million for 2011. The PM’s Department has been allocated a whopping RM18.14 billion for the year 2011, almost double the RM10.2 billion 2010.
If you have ever been owned/lorded over by a cat, you will be familiar with plenty of the situations depicted in the book. How your cat views you, him/herself, behaves and thinks about the "rules" you pretend you have the power to instill.
What do you think a 6 year old boy would choose? Yep, he chose "zig zags" or chevron as the cool kids say.
And it's got big, sharp teeth.
I am a Taurus. I am lazy by nature. Growing up I was an avid ballet dancer, taking classes five times a week. Since then, I have been an avid couch potato. All of my attempts to incorporate exercise into my life have failed. The sad part is, I feel GREAT when I exercise. I have more energy to get through the day. It's the actually getting up and doing it that I have problems with.
At A Later Date (live) produced by Mike Howlett
Recently I read a piece of advice that suggested a writer on a roll should never keep going to the end so that it's easy to pick up the next time. I tried it and it worked, until there was no escape.
Historical romance? Because I have a passion for history. I love to ferret out little known facts and build a story around them. My father’s passion for history, especially the Civil War era, was strong. I remember him sitting in his reading room surrounded by stacks of magazines. Civil War Times was his favorite. This apple didn’t fall far from the tree.
-You will regret giving away pieces of your heart and body to boys who don’t deserve it.
Here is the schedule of events for the July 14th Pearl Girl Afternoon Tea:
- Your child will be born with some defects
In here I color Tilda with copic sketch marker
Bentall Centre
Roy Peter Clark, of the Poynter Institute said,
You keep me coming back for more
So, off to Jozi tomorrow and what with there only being 24hrs in the day and me being approximately 729 hours behind the Jozi Gym Schedule, I’m clearly going to be pushed for packing time tonight. Whilst I hear Jozi is doing its best Cape Town winter impression of just being generally shiyt in all aspects, I am also not surprised to hear that it’s fallen short of the Southern mark once more. Check out the SupeRugby log, boet.
...and we always have so much fun!
For dinner, I tried the sea bass. I kept it simple as I wanted a good, light meal that would hit the spot. Phil got adventurous and tried blue-corn chip crusted haddock on top of shrimp and grits. The chips gave the flaky fish a nice salty crunch – it was so, so good!
Before I go I wanted to say thanks to all my lovely readers and commenters who encourage me to keep blogging. As many of you know it can be a time consuming task playing with the artwork and photography, so it's nice to know that you are out there to appreciate it. Also thanks to Julie-Ann and the 'The Decorating Forum' for featuring my blog this week. Pop over there and check it out.
My first reaction is,” I can’t believe any serious military man would be a Liberal”, and secondly this man has and continues to be above criticism for his political positions. No one in the media seems to challenge him and I am assuming because of the horrors he witnessed in his capacity of commander of the UN troops in Rwanda or maybe simply because he is a liberal. That, along with his psychological breakdown and suicide attempts no one wants to be seen as uncaring, unsympathetic or ungrateful to a damaged war vet. Well, Bullshit! This is so Canadian it is stomach churning.
The obvious models would either be a trust or a company limited by guarantee or an industrial and provident society. Either could be set up in a way that would prevent hostile takeover, require certain public purposes to be undertaken and give any development corporation a key and possibly controlling interest. If it were a company limited guarantee for example the corporation could be granted a golden share, but in return the guarantees would need to specify what would happen to those shares when the company was dissolved i.e. going to the trust not sold by the Treasury.
Filling the cloche was more of a challenge than making it... I finally just collected all the decorating balls I had and stuffed them in there. That will have to do for now until inspiration strikes again. (Read: until I can copy one of your pretty ideas.)
There is nothing more heart warming to see the same fun-loving family, after almost six years, getting together to celebrate another family milestone! There have also been a lot of little additions to the family!
6) Spoke to my High School friend and almost got to see her for the 3rd time this month. It's incredible because I have not seen her in 10 years! reunions are the bomb.
Credit: Tel Aviv University
Shocked that he even had a clue what the song was about, I asked him why.
For the past three winters I have helped coordinate a co-op. It is always with the consent of the kids who live with me; they help me write out the description of what the co-op will include. We then send out an invitation to everyone in our local homeschooling area and see who wants to share their passions with us.
Get out of the triple digit heat tomorrow & come score some craft supplies for a great deal, courtesy of myself & other pack rat Etsy Dallas artists. Details above, and more info at http://etsydallas.com/.
3 tb small dried shrimp ( soaked and dried) ( optional)
6 eggs
Which is where we (finally) can begin to turn our attention back to the works of Jung and Dick that began this series. In their work, they engage in the more mysterious face of shadow work, dealing with the realities of a spiritual world beyond their personal concerns. We see this very clearly with Jung, where his vision speak to World War I’s immanence, but with Dick as well, where the spiritual and political realities intertwine (e.g., “the empire never ended”). We can also begin to sketch out in more detail what it means to call these works productive failures.
Me - I am baking! Me and Tom are looking after my mum's dog for the weekend while her and my nan are off on holiday (jealous), so we decided to stay in and BAKE. I'm an okay cook but I definitely don't do it enough so this will be a fun exercise. I have way too many recipes planned and I'm pretty sure it's going to be a disaster but I'm armed with my camera so I can report back at the end of the weekend to let you know how I got on. There will be much flour in my hair, I'm sure.
collecting ridiculous amounts of pictures of our obsessions on our computers
Monday will probably consist of recover/prepare with Ale Stars at The Local Taphouse St Kilda featuring the very talented Shawn Sherlock from Murray’s Brewing (long night) before the hectic and very beery two days of the Microbrewery Showcase at Federation Square. That takes care of Wednesday and Thursday before we are back at The Courthouse to showcase some more craft beer before doing the same again on Friday night and Saturday night and then collapsing in a heap at the end of the week.
Right now we are all adjusting to having her home with us. I'm having a rough start to breast feeding (ouch) and with the recovery from a pretty severe tear during the VBAC (ouch and ouch). Leif is doing such a great job helping me, as well as doing the lion's share of work with our sweet girl.
A few years ago, Miss Nicole adopted Lauren, and now I get the chance to spend time with both of them. This past weekend we went to the American Girl store where I reminisced and relived the magic of my childhood...I was a huge American Girl fan and I had never been to the store before, so I think I might have been just as excited as Lauren (But not as excited as the little girl we saw shaking the locked doors of the store before it opened!). I had one of the regular dolls and a bitty baby, along with some of the clothes and various paraphernalia that went along with them. As much as I liked the toys, I was desperately in love with the books. I read and re-read all of the Felicity and Kirsten books (both of whom they discontinued...).
Woodrow Wilson wrote The Author and Singers of the Declaration September 1907.
New grafts are in progress. New plants Philip propagated this year include Jubilation, Elaine's Betty, Ruta Hagmann, Showtime, Valentine's Day Var.
The protesters of Occupy Wall Street movement who have been camping out in Manhattan’s Financial District for more than two weeks, since Sept. 17, eat donated food and keep their laptops running with a portable gas-powered generator. They have a newspaper – the Occupied Wall Street Journal – and a makeshift hospital.
Have you ever picked an anthem for yourself? A song that describes your life or your hope about life? A song that gets your blood pumping, your heart soaring? A song that identifies... you.
There are two films here. Home movie footage from 1940, and US Army from 1942. Now joined together as visuals for the Warpigs song Northern Tram.
Banaian shared why he was running for House, stating, “I find myself quite frustrated with the tenor of the debate in St. Paul and in Washington. I looked at the way of doing budgeting and said, ‘Anyone whose taken some time thinking about public finance and economics would never write a budget the way they’re doing it. What if we could go down to St. Paul and have the opportunity to tell them to do it a different way?”
You will have to excuse my descriptions of any edible item in this and future postings as I am the opposite of that phenomenon known as the supertaster. I am that 25% of the population known as a nontaster.
Me: I don't, buddy, I like that you're still my little guy.
The remarkable thing about these two athletes is that even though they had barely ANY dialog at all for years, they now admit that they were always thinking of each other, even then. Before either of them had any solidified understanding of what they meant to each other, they were already influencing each other’s game, competing with the mere idea of one another, inspired to improve and excel by the other’s standards. And, above all, there was an unspoken, inexplicable affinity there.
Bake for only about 8 -10 minutes, you’ll see acouple pinpoint bubbles on the surface – DO NOT brown, bake only long enough to help it set.
In other words, I've started to feel at home.
or instead of getting the spots off my couch,
Here are some photos of Miss Merleymaid, Dreadlocked Queen of the Sea. I regret that I cannot give you the pattern because, alas, it is not mine to give. I wish it were mine. Here's a little secret you may or may not know about me, I'm a stickler for following patterns. This is unusual because I can think outside the box when it comes to lots of other things (in my professional life for example, also I had a baby in the kitchen so that's something) but when it comes to knit and crochet, I am absolutely pattern loyal. Also I like recipes. I like to follow them. I wish this were not the case but it is. So anyway.
Saturday morning I met Julie for coffee and a catchup
“We have an opportunity to do what is right, what is fair, what is decent and what is humane, and that is not to execute a crazy person,” he said.
My incision must be healing because it itches right now under the steri strips. But I am OK with that since it is so much better than pain. I only had pain meds for the first 6 days and have had nothing since! That is a blessing for sure!
Be sure to check back next month for the next product showcase. It will be another great month of inspiration with some lovely projects to share with you all.
I do not know why people love me the way they do. Why they support and help me. Why they celebrate me even when I can’t see myself. I just know I am grateful for it. I know that in depth, Malta has taught me a lot. Malta, for me, is a piece of my soul I had been missing since birth. I came here and I felt at home. I felt connected. Protected. I still feel this way.
gather coal, or something red
Greater machine taking us somewhere
We have everything we need or could want to be joyful this Christmas. We will stress, we will worry, we will fret, but we will not feel lack. So darling, for Christmas, I want to give you the safe and sheltered feeling you have given to me, when I had surgery, when I was afraid of flying, when I struggled to sleep, when I mourned my Grandmother, when I feared for our eldest, when I doubted myself. I give it all back to you now, when you need it. Everything irreplacable is here. Christmas is you picking up our daughter's from my Mom, and Ever's jubilant jump into my arms to nurse, and Lola's long scarf tangled around you as you hug. Christmas is Dakota's long lanky arms hugging us, Ian's tucked head grin while we laugh, it is our stupid dogs, barking. I love you. I love you.
In all my years of competitive shooting, if I learned one thing it’s that you have to constantly evaluate what you’re doing and experiment with a better way to get it done. To do otherwise is to lead to stagnation and decline in performance.
Dave “gets” politics, and he “gets” money. He understands what’s gotten us to this point, and I think his approach to getting the U.S. back to financial solvency is spot-on!
Doesn’t matter. That’s not what Obama is on about. He thinks if he can just get Americans riled up about “the rich” then he can point to Mitt Romney as one of the hated rich. If Congress doesn’t pass his Buffett Rule, which they won’t, then he can point to a recalcitrant Republican Congress that blocks his every effort to save the country.
Imagine what it’s like living in a world were you want to join in and take part with others but you don’t know how to. You don’t have the skills or the knowledge to understand what to do and all you need is just someone to help you. Me2 Club allows kids with special needs to join in, it is a life line for these kids and their families.
So here I am, taking my frustration. Trying to calm down so I can go to this second job that would hardly come close to cover the expenses of getting to work, paying to fix my non-mistakes, buying new clothes because they get stained and the pain-killers needed for the labour... if not for the kind patrons.
Keep your fingers crossed..
And so Wayne Dyer and Paulo Coehlo and other new age wannabe gurus see this and they (admirably) want to help people stop themselves from hurting others when they’re in a fit of rage or anger. So clearly anger has to go. As if that’s the problem. When really the problem is something more involved—a lack of self-control, a lack of thinking, or a lot of sloppy thinking, etc. But instead of tackling these more difficult and complex issues, they give the people what they want—an all or nothing throw the baby out with the bath water solution. Anger is bad, stop being angry, and chastise those who get angry around you; become part of the new and higher consciousness that is on the verge of being born and get rid of such an antiquated and low-brow way of living; become pure and radiant and anger-free like me . . .
But I’m completely serious.
8. That just reminded me of Zach and Cody....I kind of miss that show!!
In return, I received one review that was just a few sentences long from someone who obviously only gave Less & More a quick once-over on their mobile device. Sigh. I was disappointed, but what could I do other than to immediately release that one? My other review was a bit more thoughtful and I felt like the reviewer actually took some time to digest what Less & More has to offer. She wrote one thing that I felt did warrant further reflection,
Whoa. I can ask the Library to buy a book just so I can borrow it?! Sign me up.
The ocean a grave, and everything dead,
This passage indicates that foreigners will be brought to the House of Prayer, yes, yet they will be Gentiles who “bind themselves to the Lord”, who keep the Sabbath, and who hold fast to the covenant God made with His people Israel. We are these foreigners! This speaks clearly to me of you and I — Gentiles in this day being brought to the task of establishing the House of Prayer, and at the same time being drawn into the spirit and truth of all that God has set forth for His people throughout time.
While to a child someday means it really will come true,
Thom Yorke did his characteristic head-bopping around the microphone, and he had maracas! That synthetic bass – whatever instrument it was – did this song plenty of favors. Yorke is perhaps the most interesting rock singer out there right now, and when you realize that he is saying actual words, he is even more interesting. B+
Now after the spoiler season, I tend to get a bit slower with my updates. Because of the massive information output the last month, I tend to slow down to not burn myself out when it comes to blogging. Now I thought I would come back and show you a sweet deck for Standard!
I’m going at my own pace, I’m doing things for me.
On Margo
I woke up to lots of emails and texts (thanks all) which continued until the next morning – I felt very special! Alex made me breakfast in bed and we just generally had a lazy start to the day. The weather was mild and dry and we had nothing planned until the evening.
people be called terrorist, specially if they decided to say video it as well?
Check on the cooking soup in about 25-30 minutes, taste a little bit with the clean, large soup spoon and add more salt or crushed black pepper to your personal taste.
Babygirl is a preschool graduate.
And I'm off to clean some more
So that in the end, I may bow
3. Real Meanings: Honest Religion in a Post-Denominational and Post-Mythological World.
161No more these scenes my meditation aid,
With the looming rice crisis due to tightening supplies and soaring prices, we have reasons to be alarmed. A United Nations aid official already warned that more Filipinos will go hungry as rice prices soar.
The Junction Hotel
I think an urban policy program rooted in social justice should have greater emphasis on the plight and assets of urban communities of color and the potential policy options to improve the lives of people living in these communities.
Indeed for the sake of diversity (albeit, it would not be diverse for long) they could try bringing in some leopards, certainly a more hardy type of big cat. Who knows maybe leopards and cheetahs would mate successfully and they could produce, healthier and more efficient “Cheetards”, which would not only be better at climbing trees, but they would do it a damn sight quicker. (Not terribly useful in the Sahara, but, hey you can't have everything)
When I first came across Kimberlys blog I knew I had to feature it.
I am also awarding it to Johann, as his line about the see-through pants almost caused me to run into the car next to me as I was reading his blog on my phone while driving to work. Yes, I do that. I also text and drive. I'm a rebel like that.
Then I got to touch the desk that J.R.R. Tolkien wrote and illustrated The Hobbit. I can't tell you the feeling I got just seeing and being near it. It was truly a great historical item to see! Also on the desk was a handwritten letter from Tolkien explaining the donation of the desk and it's history. Due to copyright I couldn't take a picture of it, but I absolutely love his handwriting.
For a take on the situation from inside Pakistan, see the following:
If you are a Kindle reader, do you know about Pixel of Ink, a source for bargain and free Kindle books? Free books are offered daily, I believe three times a day as a rule. They don't always remain free so checking daily is a good habit.
So yes, sometimes I can take a good picture. But more often than not pictures that I'm in tend to be.. A little less than stellar. And the worst kind of pictures? Photo ID's! I know the quality is terrible and the lighting is always bad and most people's ID's aren't very good but let me tell you, I have some pretty fantastically bad ones. Don't believe me? Hah. You don't think I would go through all of this without having proof, do you? Of course not!
Her funeral is tomorrow and I've just been reflecting on life and living lately. We only get this one life. I know we say it all the time, but really, we never know when it will be our last day here. I want to make each day count, to grasp all the little moments of every single day, to make sure that all of my family and friends know how much I love them, to share God's love with every person that I come into contact with. It's so easy for this to become real when something bad happens, but I have really been praying for this to be present in my mind every single day. There is just no point in wasting one single day that we have been given.
“Sometimes I would like to ask God why God allows poverty, suffering, and injustice when God could do something about it.”
Cordless Electric Combo Kits Shop , Brand StilettoIdeal for the Professional Framer, Remodeler, and Finish carpentersFH10-C – 10 oz. Titanium head w/ 14-1/2″ Curved Hickory handle & magnetic nail starterTICLW12 Claw bar w/ patented DIMPLER; pull nails cleaner, without chippingWomen in the industry will find they are more easily able to manipulate these lighter tools and drive nails like a seasoned carpenterTi14MC – 14 oz. Titanium head w/ 18″ Curved Hickory handle & magnetic nail starter
* Lois Elhert
11 What She Said
BREAKING: NI NO KUNI: WRATH OF THE WHITE WITCH will be brought to Europe and North America in 2012 by Namco Bandai!
Will it work when it's in the shops? I'll have to wait and see.
Carly Williams and Michelle were once inseparable, until a shocking betrayal destroyed their friendship. And now Carly is implicated in the financial disaster lurking behind the inn’s cheerful veneer.
T♥
08-Nero & The Gladiators - Bleak House
- Fitness Equipment
There lots of things you can add to this hummus recipe to give it different flavors. Here are a few:
Mo Manning had the perfect digital stamp for this. It's called 'Pug Love'. Did I mention Libby was black? I've never tried to color something that was black, and fury. I think I colored over this image so many times the paper was actually getting thinner. I started really light but eventually realized Libby was a lot more of the BLACKest black than anything else. Well, near the end of her life she was almost white from age but I digress..
Music: Fernando Israilevich
Makes six servings, each serving has about 3.7 grams of carbs and 11.7 grams of protein.
So I'm going to the damn class at LAF and this spring is TOMATOES BY SEED OR BUST. Or, you know, by seedlings purchased at Yamagami's if I prove to be a complete failure.
Any mens and/or womens jeans pattern recommendations out there?
How do you know this, Dan? Have you read her books? She is quite angry about the Italian Church’s failures. She terms them moral failings, in fact.
Examples: The phrases “I simply can’t be Berbatovvered,” “It’s too much Berbatovver,” and “Am I Berbatovvered?”
I could not sleep at all last night. Lucky for me, there's actual real live baseball on TV this morning thanks to MLB's odd choice to start the season in Japan a good week before the rest of the season. I am all for the Japan Series, I just find the timing odd. My Mets were in the first one of these with the Cubs 12 years ago and I remember waking up at the butt crack of dawn to watch those games too. Japanese baseball crowds are fun to watch and listen to. They sing, chant, and make a lot of noise. When I finally break down and leave the United States, I am going to Tokyo and I am gonna make sure it is during baseball season. This all got me to thinking about Japanese players.
8 induce
Right now, I'm just taking orders in the cafe.
No good way to get this home, but England is swimming in cool teapots:
14. Set Me Free (Andy Scott) - 4:01
“If we weren’t to sign today, I would assure you with certainty that we would go another 10 years or more without having reached an agreement,” said Stanislas Kamanzi, Rwandese minister of environment and lands.
I am from the Caribbean and back home our foods are rich in herbs and spices. Herbs and spices are a vital part of our diet and lifestyle. So, adding more spices and herbs to your cooking/food is a step that you can easily adopt to engage in a healthier diet thus toward enhancing your overall health and that of your family. Common herbs and spices may help protect against certain chronic conditions, such as cancer, diabetes, and heart disease.
Wire wrapped work done on detachable drop by Wyatt White.
3 tablespoons honey of silan (date honey)
Source: IMX Icelandic Music Export
1 bag shredded cheese (Mexican blend)
Me - over here - I am that over-winded, out-of-practice runner who is bowed over, face down, clutching her knees on the sideline, with one finger held in the air, and the other holding her sides for the runner's cramp.
KUALA LUMPUR — Bolstered by the enthusiasm showed by scores of students who participated in the #Occupy Dataran movement, lecturers and teachers across the nation are expressing hopes that the same enthusiasm is shown in the movement to cut truancy amongst students, or #Occupy Classes.
Friends of the new kind helped,
Kia is taking on the executive market with its Optima. This vehicle was meant to arrive ages ago but nevertheless, it’s finally here! It’s built on a similar platform to Hyundai’s Sonata and is adopting an extreme value-for-money marketing strategy. Kia claims that there are no optional extras and your R305,995 gets you one very equipped luxury vehicle. It looks good, has loads of features and offers decent performance from a 2.4-litre engine. Will Kia be able to tempt people out of BMW/Audi/Mercedes showrooms? Possibly. I do, however, think the Honda Accord, Mazda6 and Volkswagen Jetta/Passat are under serious threat.
Fernandel Harvest
4. Can't Help Falling in Love
BLACK SWAN - Dec 3 (Limited) Dec 22 (Wide)
Brady puts in so much effort and energy into this sport and I’m so proud of his commitment, dedication and work ethic. Honestly though, the waiting is the worst! We can wait hours between matches some days and have spent 8+ hours at some tournaments on a Saturday. For wrestling up to 6 minutes per match and for only 6ish matches at a tournament that’s a lot of down time!
I had my first run in at work with a lady who is notoriously rude. I’ve never previously had a problem with her and have quite happily served her in the past but yesterday she called me up to complain and was just plain mean to me on the phone. I tried to explain but she started off mean and just got worse.
Victoria –Third Wave when majority of the bike route is on the Galloping Goose Trail and the last piece has bike lanes. Also, there is a bike bench at the airport.
I often wonder what it would have been like to have had a happy mother that enjoyed life…would I still need meds or would I have been a happier child?
In its more than 250 years in America, the life industry has had to overcome a number of serious challenges. Among them: the insurance of slaves prior to the Civil War; an outright refusal to insure some segments of the population and areas of the country; the folly of deferred dividend or “tontine” policies; race- and gender-based premiums; internal and external fraud; wars and health epidemics; market crashes; and tax and regulatory challenges.
Meyer lives in Coleman with her husband, Lucas, and sons Alexander, 3, and Beckett, 6 months.
“Only that he now goes by Darth Nolan,” Wro’bel said, the title coming almost painfully, as if speaking the word went against everything he stood for. There was something Wro’bel wasn’t telling him, but as far as he could tell, it had little to do with what he was being paid for. At least, not as far as Nik was concerned.
We'll get through it.
These people must go. The government must be completely free of these people. All the prisoners and detainees must be set free, all the exiled should return, and things should be restored.
This project cost me a total of 12 dollars.
Bachelor #2: He’s 37, 5’11″, looking for a relationship, from London UK, no children but wants them
My kids will learn without formal lessons, without punishment, without force. Not because these things are bad, but because I think they are not necessary.
Re the Toulouse shooter, who inconveniently turned out to be a Muslim jihadist rather than a nativist loon, from the blog Sultan Knish (tip o' the hat to PA Cat at Belmont Club):
James 2:13 (NASB) For judgment will be merciless to one who has shown no mercy; mercy triumphs over judgment.
Things I will include are:
Yet, this movie is not what inspired me to write this post. One day last week, I picked Gavin up early from school to take him for academic testing. You see, Gavin is currently in kindergarten at a private school, and we find ourselves struggling over our school options for next year. We’re currently zoned into a school district we do not care for, and will not send him to. The words “less than desirable” readily come to mind. As fate (or misfortune) would have it, we live one street over from a preferred school district. So, with that being said, I was driving Mister G to undergo academic testing at the “preferred” school district, in an attempt to gain him admission, pursuant to a new school “choice” plan we have in Indiana. Thankfully, the boy is smart. After all, he does have super cool parents.
Yeah, that's what we all wanted; that was our shared dream wasn't it?
Many are not aware of the existence of micro finance institutions, or lending companies, in the country. They are like banks in some ways, but they are money lenders to the poorest of the poor in hard-to-reach areas. Take for example the Aeta communities in Zambales, or those living in the island of Talim in Rizal – where even the government, Nawasa or Meralco have given up on them. They are lenders to the women of these communities, trusting them that they would use the money to put up a small carinderia or barbecue stall in the hope of eradicating poverty one step at a time. They complement this financial capacity with business and financial education, training, supervision, love and care. That’s where I come in.
The picture that had formed in my mind was that of a thin, young beauty, hair framing an oval face with perfectly formed breasts, shapely legs that loved to pirouette on roller skates.
Over at Dalrock’s, there’s a wide-ranging discussion going on about the moral distinctions (if any) between hookup culture, serial LTRs, serial marriages, lifelong marriage, &c.
The RI Swimming program has shown a great deal of staying power, having provided swimming lessons to Island youth for over seven years. While the program is makes good use of limited resources, the committee feels that the rate of participation for the funds provided is not as great as other programs.
Here we go then I put the numbers into the generator and here are the lucky people...
On my card I've used a Nellie Snellen image... Frog on Flower - I'd love to know what she is thinking!. I've used a square nestie for the image, 3D'd her wings, coloured with promarkers and copics, and sprinkled with Glamour Dust. Then I've used another nestie - Fleur de Lis Squares - for the filligree. My flowers are made with a Cheery Lynn Miniature Rose Die, cut out of felt with a pearl gem in the centre. I don't know the name of the DP - don't even know where it came from.... apart from it was in my stash! Lots of these craft goodies are available from the lovely Lynne at The Craft Den - HERE.
I was on a Storywarp panel last year which discussed storytelling and the subject of how to present real people’s stories came up – and the fact that it is not only the subject of the interview who is presenting a version of themselves but also the interviewer.
It’s a sad fact that writing was devised not to write poetry, or love letters, but to keep accounts. But the ever-resourceful Sumerians, who knew a bit about luxury and refinement, soon adapted it to better things. The earliest literature found so far comes from a Sumerian city not far from Nippur, now in the Maysan province of Iraq. We don’t know its original name, but today people call the mound that covers it ‘Abu Salabikh’, which means ‘father of clinker’. The mound is littered with potsherds, like most Mesopotamian ancient sites, and because of the severe salination of the ground (the downside of all that Sumerian irrigation), only the sherds that were accidentally overfired to clinker have survived.
Fedorchenko's "Chronoeye" is the closest this omnibus comes to directly engaging with the fourth dimension, featuring as it does a scientist named Grigory (Igor Sergeev) who has created a device to try to visit moments in the past and future—except that, whenever he is able to visit the past and the future, the camera always seems to be pointed at the most undesirable angles. In his obsession with exploring the past, Grigory seems ignorant of what's around him in the present, including the sexy female neighbor (Darya Ekamasova) who seems to have a thing for him. This is, for my money, the most interesting of the three segments, and sure, I'd consider it my favorite.
First, do you go to them or do you bring them to you? That is, is the story set in the Mesozoic or is it a “lost world” type story, where in some remote corner of the world dinosaurs have survived or otherwise still exist (Conan Doyle’s Lost World and Crichton’s Jurassic Park fall into this latter category). I knew immediately that I wanted to send my characters back to the past. There’s some evocative about “pristine wilderness” (although the term is clichéd J), but in this case it’s true: no human ever set foot in the Cretaceous, so for any of us, it would almost be like going to Middle Earth or Narnia. A strange world with creatures and rules both familiar and unfamiliar, that they would have to sort out…
:: meeting the Publications Editor of The Australian Ballet and having the most decadent Italian hot chocolate with her at the NGV's beautiful tea-rooms :: wandering on every floor of the gallery I could fit into my schedule and soaking in all the art :: peeking into a ballet class at The Australian Ballet :: having an endless supply of great coffee at my disposal :: sharing a bed with a very pretty feline madame with the biggest blue eyes (my brother's cat, Simba) :: spending time with my brother in his swanky apartment by the sea :: the food, everywhere, you can't go wrong in Melbourne :: and the bookstores (need I say more?) ::
1/4 cup (50 mL) maple syrup
The present government of the United Kingdom has embarked on a concerted campaign to warn of the dangers of eroding the importance of religion in society
10am-10:30am worksheets with the daily number and letter.
I regret drinking that half price frappe from Starbucks earlier at 6PM (just because it’s half price haha), because right now, I am this freaking sleep-deprived insomniac with soon-to-be panda eyes. I want to sleep so badly but my brain won’t stop talking to itself.
And if that isn't enough reason to get excited there is also an upcoming exhibition at The National Army Museum featuring 70 of the very best Commando covers spanning it's 50 year run commencing on September the 1st. A book featuring 50 of the best Commando covers will be published in October.
U.S. Naval History and Heritage Command Photograph #: NH 50954.
It can also serve as a reminder of the need to let the competing influences and dispositions in our lives coexist. Whether we are trying to resolve a parent’s science-mindedness with our more left-brain-oriented way of seeing things or reconcile U.S. norms with the new ways other cultures have taught us to live and be in the world, life will always be a balancing act. And though the colliding of our different worlds may sometimes leave us confused, it also puts us in good company—with Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana, with each other and with Christ.
I have a few more bakes to update from the last week or two so please bare with me whilst I organise myself! I'll hopefully post another bake later on in the week after you have some time to admire this cake. Mmmmm, I want another slice.
The blog is dark until May, except for Fridays, so I shall see you next Friday for the next roundup of prompts.
A little stressed about this assignment but Philippians 4:13, eh?
Getting Ready:
some use the Hubble
Meanings of this Card: "Your life's purpose involves environmentalism * Use earth-friendly products * Recycle * Get involved with an environmental group * Teach others about environmentalism"
Yeah, it becomes more apparent every post that I am anxious of what is to come, because for the first time, I really don’t know what to expect. I guess I need to be a wolf. After all, I stepped up last night and help split the near brawl that almost erupted on the Row. I made sure that one of my own didn’t get sucked in, even if he was already helping hold a guy back.
If you do get gifts after the wedding, you will certainly want to send out thank you cards for all the presents you received. As you are able to see this is why folks like a destination marriage ceremony. All the money spent on a big marriage ceremony is now spent on a gorgeous wedding/honeymoon. You will certainly want to discover a destination that has all the things you wish for the prefect marriage ceremony. Other location marriage ceremony might consist of spots like the Rocky Mountains. Lots of people enjoy the mountains and locate the location so attractive they wish to marry in the mountains. In that circumstances, you could wish some bridal accessories.
Forget standing naked in a New York art gallery, I'm planning on doing some performance art this afternoon at the playground.
Watergate was supposed to have established that Presidents are not above the law. If that is so, President Obama may have to resign for breaking the law in the Sestak affair.
She is HAPPY- she has a positive attitude.
so i dont have to tell you, what these guys do at EXG??? yes, they design all the xbox 360 stuff and a lot more cool things for microsoft like the new zune :) this monday was very cool an exiting, but tomorrow it would be come much more fun! they’ve set me up for a tour on BUNGIE studio!!!! and i also will talk for an hour with J Allard!!!!! (… i even don’t know what to ask him by now :) and a lot more stuff for the rest of the week. updates will come tomorrow…
6. Facility to book retiring rooms for any station.
Got to love blue especially with white....
I made this lil gem for the bunnicula hop with Smeared and Smudged.
“When you look at what happened with the Black film and television community, you have stars like Will Smith and Denzel Washington, who carry a picture,” said Adachi. “You have people who produce like Oprah Winfrey. You have principals who are in positions of power in Hollywood. We don’t have that yet. We’re getting there. We’re still 10-15 years behind.”
Do you have any siblings: I suffer from only child syndrome. Although I wouldn’t necessarily call it suffering. There are times I wish I had a sibling, but at the same time, I don’t mind being the only child. No, it has nothing to do with getting more presents at holidays and birthdays.
Up until a few years ago, I hated olives. The only ones I had ever eaten were used as an accent to dips or drinks and they had all come from a can on the grocery store shelves. Blech! Not too long ago, a small fromagerie opened near our house (not too far from the bistro I mentioned earlier) and in addition to their artisan cheeses, they also sell olives. I was able to taste many different olives from all over the world and fell madly in love with a few varieties (which taste nothing at all like their canned counterparts).
Greetings from sunny Serbia! Here in Belgrade, the weather has turned to Spring literally overnight, and the streets are filled with beautiful girls in bright dresses and handsome boys in crisp white shirts and new haircuts. I must say, the Serbs I have encountered in Belgrade are terribly good looking in a sporty sort of way, totally unlike the lanky hipster paperdolls in Berlin (who are also, actually, pretty bloody attractive in their own way). I guess what I'm saying is, if you are single and looking for a hot tennis player with a country house, try Belgrade, and try Berlin for all of your hot starving artist needs.
The other guy replies, "I found it."
61. Lord of the Flies - William Golding
Ingredient
 Shekhar Suman, Bollywood actor & TV personality
Whose clustered fruit must else be lost –
Visually, Atonement is gorgeous. The cinematography, the costumes, the cast, everything is lovely and glowing. Even the horrors of World War II are filmed exquisitely. And that's where I felt another problem. Perhaps it's all too pretty - the story is so much about the grotesque in human behavior, and this is never addressed visually. Even the battlefield and war hospital scenes move quickly past the broken bodies, and one of the most important images in the book - a severed child's leg that Robbie finds in a tree during the English retreat across France - is replaced by a much more palatable (I can't believe I'm saying this) field of dead schoolgirls, laid in perfect lines. I think perhaps that Atonement works best on the surface of things, as a beautiful, tragic love story. The deeper themes never quite gel.
WHO & WHAT: System of a Down with special guest Deftones
Finally, I’ve added two independents to the list, Notre Dame and Navy. I’m glossing over the substantial road block to Notre Dame’s historical reluctance to join a conference, but if Charlie Weis can’t get the Irish car out of the ditch pretty soon, the TV money may start drying up and force ND to be somewhat more amenable. In any event, I’ll just pretend that somehow a satisfactory deal gets struck.
A drunkard’s dream if I ever did see one
So...Merry Christmas! Happy new year! Happy Easter! And all other good wishes that should have passed in between. It's good to be back.
‘You’d better eat up all your beans and get right on out!’”
Ignace is a psychopath. Using Simon Baron-Cohen's Zero Degrees of Empathy as a handbook to psychopathy, I made him type zero-positive: someone whose psychopathy is not deliberately turned to harm, and often produces flashes of inventive, scientific or mathematical genius. The interest in solving the logical problem of how to kill people with minimal pain that he showed in the 18th century has become, in the 21st century, an obsession with discovering the scientific nature of vampirism. He runs a research centre in Russia; he is ruthless and some of his methods are less than ethical. But - like many psychopaths - he is superficially charming and sexually attractive. He seduces the Jack Wills model vampire when she is newly-turned vulnerable (and 350 years his junior). He excuses the awful things he does (such as buying slaves from the flesh markets of south-east Asia for his experiments) with a cool logic. He wrong-foots his wife into killing her lover to prove a point. And he keeps a very high profile prisoner in his castle for 800 years. (The prisoner's identity will be revealed in series 2, but HG readers will guess from the clues.)
Have you ever looked around and not seen?
Let's consider a suspense genre book with a crime scene for an example...
You said “Because you Could”
A fact about Green Day and Switchfoot: A they actually have some common ground - for one thing Rob Cavallo, who produced a good many Green Day albums also produced Hello Hurricane.
cause that love is what lacks…
Because of all of this I have driven between Seattle and my college town about 100 times…and if you’re counting there are 2 ways each time and each way takes about 2 hours. In other words, I’ve spent a lot of time driving over the last few years. I was originally going to post about all the things I do while I drive that I think are kind of weird (cause I do a lot of weird stuff when trapped in a car alone) but when I started the section on car singing I realized I had way more material than necessary for a blog post so instead I decided to focus on my favorite (and most ritualized and obsessive) part of driving: Car Singing.
The quotes below are taken from a UK edition of The Demon Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark by Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan (ISBN: 0747251568, Headline Book Publishing, 1997).
Owen hints at Ed Miliband offering an alternative in the style of Hollande (purely because he ‘talks about disrupting Europe’s austerity consensus’). Then he suggests that ‘Blairite ultras’ are ruining his dream of a socialist utopia, free of reality.
Charlotte looks and reminds me of a baby bird.
We know that the system that’s been in use is, well useless when it comes to anything outside of the old tried and true drugs that the sport already has a solid read on – Clembuterol, Stanozolol, Furazabol, and Danabol to name a few. The “new stuff” the “undetectables” needs a more modern approach to get to the source. Blood testing could do that if the system were fully and properly implemented, but that would require the use of “passports” developed sport wide based on extensive out of competition testing to develop baselines – something that the sport in is nowhere near close to.
www.britishpathe.com
Edit: I was always wondering what their target viewers are. Sure, it’s most likely shounen, but the protagonist being as lame as a pig (+ no ecchi)? It wouldn’t work… not until we saw that cool guy at the ending.
While walking around and exploring this afternoon/evening, I came across a sign that made me laugh out loud...posted right in front of a public pool was this sign, explaining that bathing suits are required. I didn't realize at first that it meant no boardshorts or baggy swim trunks allowed - basically speedos only. I had a good chuckle for a minute wondering if people really needed to be told that they had to wear bathing suits to the pool!
I will end this post with the same quote that ended my review. It is from the outstanding policy paper “Tobacco harm reduction: how rational public policy could transform a pandemic,” by David Sweanor, Philip Alcabes and Ernest Drucker, published in the International Journal of Drug Policy in 2007 (available here):
What is so maddening is that Bioware has learned nothing from this whole ordeal. They have instead chosen to stick their head up their own ass and call it “artistic integrity.” Bioware is developing an alarming habit of claiming to care about the concerns of their customers while at the same time, brushing them off completely. Bioware has spent years creating a reputation for quality in video gaming. Now they are completely happy with whoring that reputation and destroying it forever to sell a few bits of DLC. For a producer of quality commercial entertainment, that just doesn’t make much business sense in the long view.
Since I am a nerd, I did look at the portfolios though. So here are some designs that struck me as interesting. At this point, it's pretty much impossible to gauge anyone's chances, but here're some clothes that seemed cool. All pictures are from Lifetime website, disclaimer disclaimer.
She uses one of her Dark Psychological Arts masterfully. This, of course, is the “If you REALLY loved me..” tactic.
Vancouver is less than 10 miles from downtown Portland. We’ll save our experiences there for another day. It is no wonder Lewis and Clark were inspired by this region more than 200 years ago.
01. (applause)
I started ten days off work on Wednesday, and got stuck into the vegie garden in a big way. I now have my leafy vegetable bed mulched, and some seedlings planted. I am dividing one of the larger beds up into three with recycled brick paths to make it easier to work, and for crop rotation. I have dug out where the paths are to go so they are level with the existing paths, and now I just have to wait till it dries out enough so I can put them in.
See you at the fair!
Processed foods are those that you or someone else has begun to prepare, or has prepared for you. It’s a food that’s already taken it’s first leap into “doneness”, so to speak. Canning, for example, is an example of food processing. So is drying or freezing foods.
*make sure ruffles stay nice and flattened down when you sew them... a few of mine got sewn "flipped upwards"
Fayetteville NC 28301 (910) 433-1596 Fax: (910) 433-1594 Date Received
Also, it would appear that Tetley will no longer be sold at the Bath Hotel. I will have a look at the link on Gettothepub.com later to see if Thornbridge have mentioned any specifics. Am not a Tetley fan, but I think you'd have to go back many decades to find an era when Tetley hasn't been sold. This seems a shame, and if it turns out that's what happens, then it suggests a lack of knowledge about the job of running the Bath by its new incumbents.
When I stay out at the ‘farm’ in Waconia, I like to take alot of pictures. It’s not everyday that I’m out there, so when I’m invited to housesit the puppy, I like to bring my camera and take plenty of pictures…
Over the weekend we took a quick trip up north to see about a house. And I was able to explore our new town for the first time. It may seem strange to say (given that I have spent a lot of time in Maine), but before Saturday I had never actually visited York. The sea shimmered under bright, sunny skies, and the lilacs were laden with purple blossoms. Maine at its best. No doubt we will spend many hours exploring this strip of coastline over the years, and the subtlety of the place will reveal itself slowly. But the these first images are pure light and color.
Terry Pratchett—for his Discworld novels
This time last year, God had really laid a verse on my heart, "From everyone who has been given much, much will be demanded; and from the one who has been entrusted with much, much more will be asked." Luke 12:48 Out of the meditation on this verse, our call to become foster parents was born. Now with 6 wonderful kids, a bigger car, a bigger house and a higher paying job for Seth, to be honest, I'm a little intimidated thinking of what God will call us to this year. Seth is speaking at the statewide 8308 foster care awareness conference at the end of this month. Please pray for wisdom and guidance for him when it comes to writing his speech and that the Holy Spirit speaks boldly through him.
This point requires a different point from saving time and effort simply because of economics. Hiring writers to create content for your website averages about $15 per article. If your site were to hold even just 20 articles that you need to update regularly (say every two weeks), you'd see how the bill could add up.
Now is the time to get that massage, take a long walk, cuddle with your dog. Take care of yourself. Family caregiving brings a family back together under intense circumstances. You simply must be kind to yourself, which may translate to others as being selfish. Stay true to yourself. Keep your good, best friends on speed dial when you need a quick and supportive message of love.
I would like Susan Now to be my mentor. I have a great relationship with her and I like working with her. Since my internship will have an emphasis on writing, and Susan was an English major, I think she will be able to help me with my writing skills.
Waist : 12.5"
in the present, she could begin to remove
When Bonnie runs away from home she leaves her mother Grace and sister Rita heartbroken. Each of their lives are in turmoil but their love for each other will see them through the most troubled of times.
Okay, for one, how did he not do that more elegantly? Nobody else we’ve seen teleporting in the movie is that clumsy – hell, even Ironside’s minions did it better! And two, if he had the ability to do this, WHY DIDN’T HE JUST DO THIS FIRST INSTEAD OF LETTING HIS MINIONS DO IT? Oh yeah, because there would be no movie that way! Silly me!
Mr. Margaret Bassackwards: Well, actually, we didn’t switch gender rolls until after the baby was born. I couldn’t have been the “pregnant father”, now could I, really? (Laughs)
The idea that Abe Lincoln was an anti-racist meritocrat who plunged the country unwillingly into war for the rights of negroes is a gross distortion of history. This was a war about the Southern States’ desire to continue harvesting high-margin cotton…but also one where fighters took sides about whether States’ Rights were more or less important than the Union itself. For those who thought in favour of States, Lincoln’s election in 1860 was a red rag to a bull: before he’d even taken the Oath of Office, seven States had seceded. They eventually became the Confederated States – and the war began.
Hockey: It’s A Family Thing
2nd Place - 2 Digi stamps of your choice from Karen's Doodles
1. Trapp, E.G., Chisholm, D.J., Freund, J., Boutcher, S.H. (2008). The effects of high-intensity intermittent exercise training on fat loss and fasting insulin levels of young women. International Journal of Obesity.32(4):684–691.
6. I stepped on Joe DiMaggio’s foot- Didn’t mean to. I wanted to get my picture taken with him. So what if I didn’t have my camera that day.
He just laughed. There was a secret smirk but he quickly put it away.
It’s about the size of a football (again), with a hard shell covered with formidable spines. Flung hard enough, they would make useful weapons. When they are ripe, the shell splits, which is about the only way you can get into the suckers. The smell is, well, rather unique. I’ve heard it described as rotten onions tucked inside year-old gym socks, and that’s about as accurate as I’ve found. Most Westerners won’t go near the stuff, which is fine by me. All the more for us brave ones.
Prayer of Thanksgiving
Many thanks also to Jo who gave us 'Elegant Inspiration'... thanks so much
Technically this isn’t a fix, it’s a rebuild but nevertheless it may save you a trip to the Genius Bar.
Origen: By the kingdom of God, He means the mysteries of the kingdom of God, that is, the divine Scriptures, which the Lord committed, first to that former people who had the oracles of God, but secondly to the Gentiles who brought forth fruit. For the word of God is given to none but to him who brings fruit thereof, and the kingdom of God is given to none in whom sin reigns.
Finish: Medium length. An excellent balance of sweet and dry flavours.
I seriously don’t know why I’m not CHARGING for this service, I mean did you SEE how fucking EASY that was? Let’s keep going!
My fingers are crossed that this is resolved by the end of today. I fly home at the crack of dawn tomorrow.
The dry hopping has made such a difference to this beer. I'm a hard man to please and while this isn't my best beer, the dry hopping has definitely lifted the flavour.
Loring said Lincoln himself came into the store and chose them with the owner. “And the rumor goes that he wondered if the president of the United States got a discount at Tiffany and Company, and Charles Lewis Tiffany said, ‘I’m terribly sorry, but no one gets a discount at Tiffany.”
voile. I. Love. This. Fabric. I love the colors – the yellow is
1. I couldn’t speak lunatic yesterday. Dang. I need to work out on that.
And I probably tried 75% of the flavors there, but I always came back to Oatmeal Cookie Chunk.
In place of those worthy attributes, there is a void.
Whisk the cream and sassafras together in a small pot, and bring it up to a boil over medium-high heat. As soon as it boils, pull the mixture off the heat, pour it into a glass or ceramic container (something that won't crack from the heat), and put it in the fridge. Let the mixture cool for about 30 minutes while the sassafras steeps into the cream, so you have a nice root beer flavor.
Let’s get started on Mac –
I also asked Cox what level of prosecutorial misconduct would be necessary for Congressman Price to support a Justice Department inquiry into Nifong’s behavior. Cox didn’t say.
At the same time as IPAs were becoming popular, the first golden lagers of Plzen (known as pilsners) were spreading fast, making use of the new railways and liberal doses of Saaz hops.
No one gets married in a castle unless they own it. It is brash, celebrity style behaviour.
The restaurant is large yet cozy thanks to furnishings in dark chocolate and red leather. The open concept kitchen allows diners to get up close and personal with the chefs. Dinner and a show all in one makes the counter a popular place to sit.
Very affordable! At the end of the day, nothing is more important than your health. If youre going to be spending $$ on all that fake shit out there- might as well make the switch and spend your money on the good shit.
It is now three hours later and I am still wandering about, listening to music that brings me back to a beautiful time, a time as beautiful as this very moment.I am off now, to finish a painting, groove to some more of my favourite tunes, take some photographs and generally just be lazy.
After walking the streets of the Tenderloin each day and sharing stories of what brought us to this place and time, we'd head back up the hill to Kay's office at the Unitarian Universalist Church and make notes on newsprint of the people, places, poems, books, beliefs, observations and longings that had come to us as we walked and talked, and encountered people throughout the day. In a magical sort of way our name and our mission statement formed itself on the newspring.
Another few steps. Even the earlier unpleasantness should be a toughening up process. None of us can be wilters. Not The Flea. I just have to work harder, be with people who I admire and respect (I am lucky with my friends – very lucky.)
It’s time for our first uncomfortable question: isn’t it weird to have full grown men serve as live-in teachers for teenage boys? For all the anxiety about priests and altar-boys, how have I never heard a story about one of these dorm-masters? Does it still work like this? Are there New England prep schools where 40-something chemistry teachers live in the same complexes as the students?
Seeing the flow of these powerful lines that connect the various tribes and states to come together and speak with a lone voice- sign of unity.
The varying metal crosses are a sweet way to remember the reason for the season. Divine! I'm just a one Christmas tree kind of gal or I'd be the queen of copy of this beauty as well.
Ultimately, we want this to be the “go to” place – somewhere that you can log into and from there pretty much get everything you need from our online IT services.
The above examples illustrate that the key to discerning the ethicality of most actions is context. Does this action negatively affect someone? If so, who? Directly or indirectly? Do the benefits outweigh the costs? Is there a greater good at stake?
According to her Facebook page, Wendy Rosen is the leading advocate for the “Made in America” movement. Through her books, writings and workshops, Rosen has mentored thousands of small business start-ups for nearly 30 years. As founder of the American Made Alliance, Rosen advocates for more than 125,000 small business artist studios and 20,000 retail stores specializing in American-made products.
Today’s song is what was playing in my bedroom, a lot, at age sixteen. My mom never took away my best prono mag but From’s The Beastie Boys’s 1986 debut album Licensed to Ill, here’s (You’ve Got To) Fight For Right (To Party)
Fascism typically is a response by the capitalist state to the threat of a growing revolutionary working class. It harnesses the traditional values of family, race and nation to organise petty bourgeois and lumpen workers to divide the working class and isolate the militant threat to 'national order'. In NZ fascism is rooted in the family values of the bourgeois family where patriarchal values of male dominance over women are reproduced. For example, the NACT (National-ACT-Maori Party Coalition Government) MP Paul Quinn’s slagging off of drunken women recently is all about shifting the blame for rape from men to ‘unruly’ women.
The gist of my speech was that the only thing everyone can control is the type of person they are. Who you are is a daily, moment-to-moment decision. That decision is made with every interaction at the cash register, and every conversation with a friend. And you know what? It doesn't fucking matter who you were in high school. At the time, it feels so important--the nerds are nerds, the mean girls are popular, and the jocks get the attention on morning announcements. But in a year, no one will care about high school accomplishments; they will only care about whether you choose to smile at a stranger, or go out of your way for a friend.
Maybe they are saying that they are tired of living in a country that is a plutocracy disguised as a meritocracy. They are tired of being told that if they just worked harder they could be the superrich. Maybe they don’t even want to be the superrich. Maybe they just want to have jobs and a place to stay and access to a decent, affordable education.
Also, I was on the telly this Christmas! On ITV's Countrywise Kitchen, (yes, like actual channel 3) doing a spot of brewing. You'll also see some bits of Welbeck. You've got 18 days to watch it before it vanishes from ITV Player.... if you watch this you'll get the coffee bit...
09 This is Love
Even then…I still give you the strength you need
The hard part believed she deserved to be there in the first place.
Get back to me if you value your LIFE with all due speed or else I regret I will have to carry out my original contract to assassinate you and although he is quite charming for a horse I don't think Henry is the most sensitive of lovers.
But as presently constituted, I'm still anxious to see how far the Rangers can go in these upcoming playoffs. And yes, I do have expectations. But I couldn't be in any more agreement than I am with Coach Torts when he says, right now ignorance is bliss. I do not want the Rangers thinking about sixteen wins. I merely want their minds on the next three periods. That's where our success has been.
Sometimes I find valuable info on Facebook like great apps to download, meatless recipes and confirmation that I am not the only person addicted to Pinterest.
Serves four:
Religion: “Blessed is the man who finds wisdom and who advances to prudence. Her acquisition is better than trading in silver, and her fruit is better than the first and purest gold. She is more precious than all riches, and all that can be desired cannot prevail in comparison to her. Length of days is at her right hand, and at her left hand is wealth and glory. Her ways are beautiful ways, and all her paths are peaceful. She is a tree of life to those who overtake her, and he who shall take hold of her is blessed.”
We threw on our suits, spent some time in the kid swimming area and met everyone on the beach, enjoyed some relaxation, sand and ocean. Keep in mind that Matilda was still awake since her early nap and short nap/bedtime. She was so excited and doing great.
I collected a lot of interesting stuff.
We started developing a friendship after working together daily. He would sing oldies songs, I would complain to him about my boyfriend. We would joke around about the current movie Kmart was playing on the big screen. We even hung out after work sometimes. ( Totally platonic because I had a boyfriend at the time!) We went to see the movie Collateral Damage one evening after work. I remember thinking Leif wasn't so weird after all. Well, except for the fact that his name was Leif Hightree, but that's another story! The next day my boyfriend and I broke up......totally unrelated! But after I told Leif, he for sure thought he had a part in it!
Ink: StazOn- Jet Black and Timber Brown,
Immediately, the black woman materialized by the clerk. “I’ll take over here,” she said. “Why don’t you finish ringing up Mrs. Withers?”
I pray you, commend me to Mistress Squash, your mother, and to Master Peacod, your father. Good Master Peaseblossom, I shall desire you of more acquaintance too. Your name, I beseech you sir?
Christopher Robin: (Mary Kathryn's son)
The billboard series features Ted Kaczynski, the infamous Unabomber; Charles Manson, a mass murderer; and Fidel Castro, a tyrant. . .
BUT WHAT THE FUCK IS MICROFOAM?
Vein-like structures were created, weaving them together, which gave this almost circulatory element to them.
Today the church celebrated the call of a new pastor
More and more, as it’s clear Romney will win (but only after Santorun and Gingrich eviscerate him), the problem Obama has is peaking too soon.
“It was patriotism, not Communism, that inspired me.”
Sunoco operates more than 600 APlus convenience stores in 24 states along the East Coast and as far west as Ohio.
Running away brings Rhine and Gabriel right into a trap, in the form of a twisted carnival whose ringmistress keeps watch over a menagerie of girls. Just as Rhine uncovers what plans await her, her fortune turns again. With Gabriel at her side, Rhine travels through an environment as grim as the one she left a year ago – surroundings that mirror her own feelings of fear and hopelessness.
This ideology says that all the cultures are equal; all the religions are equal, that there is not a one and only true faith. All this leads to the abuse and perversion of freedom of thought. All these perversions of freedom, which were condemned throughout the centuries by all the popes, have now been accepted by the council of Vatican II.
So now the teams are left with just the option to alter tyre pressures in the race. Just as with wing adjustments, tyre pressure changes at the front or the rear alter balance. Again ahead of the pitstop the driver and race engineer will agree the change and the new set of tyres will be prepared in advance, pressurised to the right PSI.
A Muslim student was forced to taste pork while undertaking a culinary education. She wanted an exemption from this, Aftenposten writes. The educational facility in Holstebro in Denmark now refuses to accept a fine of Dk 75,000 and the case will go to court.
Summer vacation doesn't exist for me anymore.
Marvin’s Room
#SE0902005
Wouldn't it be great if you could get more out of those items? Most of the appliances I have I've found many uses for.
We think of the key, each in his prison
and... all of this.. new job + moving out + driving car... has to happen by August. I have to stay at my current job for long enough to save up some money so that I can take a week and a half long vacation before I settle into a new job.
If you had asked Richard and I a few weeks ago how we like living in Virginia our answer would have been "We hate it here." It seemed like everything sucked.. and our every thought was on how to get back to our lovely Florida. Even the kids really didn't like it here and wanted to go "home."
I am going out tomorrow evening to meet up with some friends that I haven't seen for ages, we all used to work together at the school were I still work but now we only manage to get together a couple of times a year. Its always great fun catching up ,there is always lots to talk about.
Is this too much to ask my love?
Tamra Island
Genuine businessmen can testify that it takes time to build such wealth from scratch. Investment and repayment of borrowed moneys have to come first. And yet Chia enjoyed virtually instant disposable income in vast quantities almost from the moment that Musa Aman started to endow him with extensive timber concessions.
The teams will be first launched in 13 “swing states,” including Iowa, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Minnesota, Nevada, Ohio and Virginia.
Seasons change as we look in on the people of HG World, the First Church of Wishwell and the United Nations Necroambulate Disposal Detail. A stand off between the U N and Happy Valley Militia is interrupted by the arrival of a common enemy. Tensions between the constables of HG World come to a head. Ronni finally learns the fate of her family. Members of the church begin to break down as Pastor Dawkins tries to keep them calm and organized in preparation for a long, cold winter.
Does it come as a shock that parents support online learning and in-class mobile tech? Why or why not? Have you sampled TED-Ed yet? Do you agree that states are slow to adopt textbooks? What could be the reason? Be sure to leave your comments with the stories, or email me at mstansbury@eschoolnews.com
Just a few of the benefits green beans have include; prevention of asthma, ear infections, arthritis, diabetic heart disease and maybe even cold and flus.
At twenty-one years old, I had told God I was tired of immature young men and would therefore be hanging up the wishy-washy dating game – at least for a few years - and instead would give Him my undivided attention.
The difference between "fine" silver and "sterling" silver is that fine silver is 99.9% pure silver. Sterling is 92.5% silver with the remaining 7.5% being composed of other metals. They may look the same, but fine silver is more "pure" and is, therefore, more costly and often considered more desirable than sterling silver.
* In my class, I will try to include more rational understanding into the lessons I will teach. As this can be incredibly difficult while teaching some subject matter, I understand that I will need to also teach instrumental understanding for some units. Once students have explored the subject matter further, I hope to have students build upon their instrumental understanding and that it will change into a relational understanding. Many of the standardized assessments students take only require an instrumental understanding of concepts, but in order for students to become better thinkers, they need to have mastered a level of rational understanding. Though it may seem pointless to teach anything but instrumental understanding, in the long run, students will gain more problem solving abilities and learning skills from mastering a relational understanding.
If you are a not-for-profit organization whose mission I believe in, I will support you if I can. I am smart and have access to the channels that will connect me with you. I promise. But other than that? You need to check yourself.
Until this original adaptation, which played like a superior Masterpiece Theater production, my favorite on-screen incarnation of Long John Silver was, of course, Robert Newton from the very good 1950 Disney live-action version of the novel, a role that Newton reprised in a 1954 low-budget action flick, Long John Silver, and in the syndicated television series of the same namethat ran in 26 episodes between 1955-56.
noticeable progress.
It’s a hard call. He includes the odd word like ‘skiting’ (which means ‘skidded off’ – if your dad hit you on the head he’s given you a skite), ‘chittering’ (which means something different in Scottish as opposed to English, it means freezing) or ‘cludge’ (meaning toilet) but I would have spelled it ‘cludgie’ to stop their being any confusion with the word ‘kludge’ which can also be spelled with a c. I would have preferred a bit more consistency over the whole volume, but I don’t think anyone outside Scotland will bother; if anything they’ll probably be grateful for his restraint.
But I forgive it because the color is amazing: pale medium green with icy blue shimmer that makes the polish look cold. Perfect for these cool autumn afternoons...
What the heck am I doing reviewing another product that is no longer in the manufacturer's line-up? Some people might call it procrastination; I prefer to think of it as letting the ideas for the review percolate in my head until they are ready for publication. In any event, I don't think the delay makes much difference in this instance. I bought this case through Amazon in Spring of 2010, and I'm pretty sure that even then it was no longer available through Cross. But you can still find these from time to time if you look around, so I figured I'd do the review before these disappear completely. (Some tips and links for finding them later in this post.)
Up first is a tin sign of a Topps Advertisement... looks old but is from 2006. Check it...
We think he sang then, but the song is lost.
We are having our foyer updated, a wall ripped out, banister put in, a hole covered up, AND a new front door going in....AND got the dining room painted!
Beijing realizes that China-U.S. cooperation must be based on mutual strategic trust. Meanwhile, in Beijing’s view, it is U.S. policies, attitude, and misperceptions that cause the lack of mutual trust between the two countries.
Whether we’re responsible for managing a large team of people or whether we’re part of that team, this would be the plea from many of us. None of us likes to be told what to do, yet of course if we’re responsive to our customers, we do indeed need sufficient detail about WHAT is required in order to do our job well. HOW we go about it is a very different matter, once we consider ourselves skilled in our job. The ability to put yourself in other people’s shoes is part of what it takes to be a successful leader; don’t ever forget how it felt to be one of them.
While my wife boiled some angel hair pasta, I put some fresh basil,
For so many years, I thought I would be an English teacher –a teacher who would show students the wonderful universe of the written word and all the amazing adventures that it encompasses. I never dreamed the desire to teach would slowly fade and become other desires.
Quick updates on the other two: Charlotte is now 10 months old. She is doing things in her own time and is totally not interested in crawling, but that's ok, I have a feeling when she does take off, she's gonna be gone. She is such a happy baby and loves to play with Drew and Michaela. She waves hi, and babbles a lot. She is definitely the loud one :) Drew is all boy and will be five in November. I am so glad I am not sending him off to Kinder just yet. One more year with my boy. He is into sports, especially baseball and loves his Texas Rangers like his Mama. Gets excited about going to the baseball games and can tell you the entire starting line up. It is such a blessing to have Drew as our son, he is so full of life and is passionate about everything he does.
she has come up with on her own. One of them is her pancake mix.
The band was very well received on their road shows and earned slots opening for the Vapors, Nick Lowe, Romeovoid, Psychedelic Furs, Talking heads, English Beat and others. While playing in Los Angeles, an A&M rep saw their set and signed them soon after.
Well, last night I received an email congratulating me on my ribbon from a friend in the Pelham Quilters. While on my way up to the show today, I got a text from another friend Teri Lucas, that simply said "WOW". So yes, I was excited and I knew I had won something, but since I had 3 quilts in the show, I didn't know which one or what type of ribbon.
I won't lie; I think I just did an okay job on the onesie, not a great one. But at least my attempts at applique went from looking like a drunk monkey did them to looking like a sober monkey did them! Still, I went ahead and sent it because I still think it turned out cute, even if it's not perfect. (But I found myself glad that I'm expecting a boy because I would have had to make a ruffle-butt for my own child had he been a girl. And I didn't really enjoy sewing on ruffles. Other bloggers make it look and sound so easy, but I guess I'm just not talented enough to find it simple.)
Place the turkey steaks onto a heated platter and spoon some of the relish over top to serve. Pass the rest at the table.
When I hear the next I HATE YOU!, I will continue to reply as I always do: "That's fine. You can hate me all you want. I will always love you, Gil. I'm not going anywhere."
19If I saw one near to death for need of clothing, and that the poor had nothing covering him;
I bought a couple copper jello molds from an 80 year old woman who had set up a booth at her home with her husband. She said this would be her first and last yardsale. She was setting her yard sale up like my Mom does. My Mom is also in her 80s. She was constantly rubbing on things to keep them clean and as a result, she was just worn out. My Mom will work for days to wash and dry all her glass items and she is constantly cleaning things up throughout the sale. She absolutely cannot stand to see something with a little dust on it. Thank goodness she only likes to have a yardsale once yearly.
I have written in short hand what happened from the time before i married your father up till present date. I shall be sharing it with many people because i believe you deserve to have both your parents around you and be raised by us both not placed into a home with family who live in Burami, while your father lives in Salalah, Oman which is 1300km roughly distance away from you..a 14 hour car drive through the desert roads.
Exciting times! Now, onto the covers.
how important it was to keep your
Back when I was 20, I loved driving home. From anywhere. We lived out west of town and the ride home was always a good 15 or 20 minutes. I hated that drive when I was on my way someplace. Hated it when I had to be home by a certain time. But when I was coming home from a date, or hanging with my friends, or even from work. Man, that was sweet. The air. The music.
*Do not smile!
-a 6 inch circle pattern (I just used a piece of paper and a protractor)
Pink Grapefruit -
FarmSlut “Are you sure that was your first time?”
Yes, it's actually me, not a story. And I'm not even posting about flash365 today. No, today I'm taking part in the online launch of a book by some friends of mine: Nik Perring and Caroline Smailes. They have written a book of flash-fictions entitled Freaks and it's been wonderfully illustrated by Darren Craske.
“I was in the ball turret” Dell said. “It was the safest place on the plane.” Although he admitted afterwards that there really wasn’t any place that was safe on the plane.
Commit do and light
Dear Mama – 2Pac
even ballpark figures,
It’s a phenomenon.
The city as depicted in the map is shown in a state of flux, the original docks in caverns under the sea cliffs having recently suffered from roof falls has led the authorities to have new wharfages dug on the river bank, these in turn are served by newly erected wooden warehouses and protected with earth and timber ramparts. These are in the process of being superceeded by stone walls but only a short section has been completed at present. The city proper is based on an earlier settlement laid out on a grid system around the older fortress in the bottom half of the map, subsequent development has been less formalised and has led to a somewhat chaotic street plan particularly in the 'Shambles' at the back of the temple shown on the right hand side of the square. This naturally has become the more lawless end of town sheltering various rogues and ne'er do wells. The further east one travels the better the class of population with most of the artizan classes living in the oldest area of the city and merchants and petty lordlings living nearer to the port. The governer of the city lives in the newer castle overlooking the sea and his garrison either share this accommodation with him or are spread through various billets within the city.
This week I have challenged myself to write one letter every day. Would you like to join in the challenge? You could just write a single letter if a letter a day seems too daunting. The point is to revive the seemingly-archaic art of writing a letter. I miss letters. So instead of sulking, I'm going to write some.
When I poke my nose into a beer, I conduct a forensic sweep, beginning with the yeast. I was initially struck by a cellary quality of Saison Dupont; in this case, it's not musty, but more of a mineral quality. As a minor note, there are a bit of hops, but Dupont has an alchemical depth in its aroma that comes from the yeast.
And he was fine. He didn't want to make the trip three days a week any more than we did. He didn't ask to move closer to the rink, he didn't curse me for going back to work, he didn't cry or seem upset in the least. That freaked me out. Here was something I wanted so badly for him and he was able to brush it off with relative ease. That was not only surprising, it actually stung a bit. Hockey is my thing, my passion, my game . . . if he was okay leaving it behind, even if only for the spring and summer, what did that mean for me? I felt like someone I love rejected something I love . . . and that hurt. But more on that in a bit.
IDS talks a good tale, and he’s extremely proficient at half-hidden appeals to petty-minded jealousy against those forced to rely on benefits (an odd talent for a minister who professes to be guided by Christian principles) but when you look at the actual details of the WRB the loopholes he glosses over start to appear, particularly when you look from the harsh reality of the inside of the benefit system. I worked for 20-odd years doing highly skilled development work in the aerospace industry, so getting me back into work makes sense on multiple levels, but my disability now means that I can't sit at a desk without rapidly ending up in so much pain I can't think straight (and when your work is safety-critical that’s not great). Having been forced out of my job by redundancy, the Department of Work and Pensions eventually admitted that I'm far too disabled to claim JSA and pushed me onto ESA.
If tatoos lasted for only one year, would you want one? Are you kidding? Go through all that pain and agony to have it fade away to nothing in a year? There’s a reason why it’s done with sharp needles – to ensure that you’re damned serious about it and willing to suffer for it and live with it forever. Sort of like marriage in a way. As for me, just give me one of those painless stick on ones that disappears after a couple of showers and I’m good to go.
I invite you to read Compulsion and get to know its author. I’ve come to adore Kymberlee and hope you will join me in extending my congratulations to her for signing on with Mystic Press Publishing. This is an exciting time in the literary world and there’s magic in the air.
Jan Kemp / The Cook, the ‘Consul’ & the Crazyman / 42-61
Life is great!
The battle commences with both Jonah and Falcon having their vehicles damaged and they take shelter in a nearby building. A member of the invaded party sets the building on fire but Hex and Falcon make their escape out a back window. They both head for a hover cycle with a sidecar and as they take off it starts to rain.
Sunday - Leftovers/FFY
Genre - non-fiction
What is it about Jane Austen-inspired literature that captured your fancy?
The tyrants never listen and never heed advice, until they are toppled. Once they are toppled… After four weeks, Ben Ali said: I get it. You idiot! It took four weeks and hundreds of casualties for you to get it?! Why didn’t you get it during all this time? This is the case with all the tyrants.
Several months ago representatives of the Instituto del Mar del Peru (IMARPE) took samples of the organs of dolphins stranded on beaches in the north for analysis. However, until now this entity has not given an official release about the cause of the mass deaths of these animals, which some attribute to oil exploration.
“I would like to thank…” None of these ignorant people. They are just insects compared to me. I am Hollywood.
This can cause some confusion.
I've looked forward to every dental visit with them and I'm even a bit sad now that it all ended. I introduced Cheesie to them too so she is also getting invisalign with Orchard Scotts Dental! :D
MEG's RATING : D-EEEE-LICIOUS!
Come along for the first installment....
243. Debbie Sandwich (8oz Tuna Filet and Horseradish Aioli on a Fresh Bun with LTO) @ Teresa’s Next Door (Wayne, PA) 5:56 p.m.
Christoph Waltz, Inglourious Basterds
FACTOID: This is Will Smith’s first movie appearance in three and a half years, the longest he’s gone between films since his film career began in 1993.
I was over on the Cricut message board last night and came across a thread about a feature on the Gypsy that apparently a lot of people didn't know. I added a tip of my own that I had recently stumbled across, and then I started thinking that it might be a good blog entry - a few "little known" Gypsy tips. For some of you, this might be old news, but for others, it will make you love your Gypsy even more!
I took the daughter and fishing poles and went and helped my neighbor who had 15 acres of worked ground.
Eventually the other student from my class that was meeting up with us in order to go to the pub arrived. We grabbed our bags and with a deep breath I ventured out into bright daylight with the other two.
“You are what your deep, driving desire is. As your desire is, so is your will. As your will is, so is your deed. As your deed is, so is your destiny.”
I liked the show and will be setting my DVR to record since Sunday nights are kinda busy at my house. I love being able to record shows to watch when I need some Mommy time.
Then he brings up his racist white grandmother.
I wanted to put this post together to highlight some fun crafts you can make this month for your kids, for their friends, or for gifts! No matter what you make this month, just make it fun! Click on the caption for more info (except the hand drawing - there's no post for that one).
I recently celebrated my 33rd birthday. Though I love birthdays, this one was not the most joyous occasion. It was spent in bed, with 103 degree temperature and involved getting a shot in my bum which the nurse described as "pushing peanut butter through a syringe." Oh, and I felt like I had razor blades in my throat. Ah, the joys of strep throat. But that's not the point of this post.
Having a public holiday on a Wednesday feels very strange. I kept forgetting that it was coming up, and yesterday I kept thinking it was a Friday when it was only a Tuesday. Because it’s sandwiched between all these working days, it seems more like a working day than a day off. Last night I even flippantly said to a friend that I’d rather not have the day off.
“But research shows that weak ties can prove much more helpful in networking, because they form bridges to worlds we do not walk within. Strong ties, on the other hand, tend to be worlds we already know; a good friends often knows many of the same people and things we know. They are not the best when it comes to searching for new jobs, ideas, experts, and knowledge. Weak ties re also good because they take less time. It’s less time consuming to talk to someone once a month (weak tie) than twice a week (a strong tie). People can keep up quite a few weak ties without them being a burden.”
Vv. 11-12… God roars against Edom… “because he did pursue his brother with the sword, and did cast off all pity, and his anger did tear perpetually, and he kept his wrath for ever” (KJV)… Edom is Esau… unforgiveness is a sin… Remember the Jacob-Esau controversy… Esau never stifled his anger against Jacob. (Ezekiel 35:1-5 tells the story… they had a perpetual and ancient hatred for Israel.) Edom had a reputation for hatred, cruelty, and resentment. Esau could not get victory over this sin (Numbers 20:14-21, 2 Samuel 8:14, 2 Kings 8:20). Judgment will always come when there is anger, unforgiveness, and resentment between brethren… It will show up in the physical body. There comes a time when this sin has reached its full course and God begins to roar: the judgment begins. Over the years, many Christian have held deep resentments in their hearts against other Christians. Their differences have never been resolved… their relationships are strained. God will roar from Zion…
But yet, saying that I put the final nail in the coffin today and put words to the (in my mind) unthinkable events of my childhood. Although I very much doubt I will ever have any clear memories but I have enough. Enough that I can no longer say "perhaps it never happened".. instead I now have to say "this is what happened".
Thank you to B& B for the review copy of this book. I received this book in exchange for an honest review and the opinions stated above are 100% mine.﻿
Add in zucchini, eggs, vanilla and oil and mix well.
A wonderful warm review Kavey, thank you. I am glad you enjoyed your birthday supper. The duck recipe was lifted from Mr Mark Hix's new book, Hix Oyster and Chop House. I couldn't get it form any solid shape either. That's your fault Mr Mark Hix.
a definite no-brainer here. white base, with some very vanilla (stampin up) on top, embossed with distressed stripes (cuttlebug); a butterfly (martha stewart) embossed with oriental weave (cuttlebug); then i used fancy tag punch (stampin up) and a stamped hello (also stampin up) and............... badda boom, badda bing................ CARD!
The modern church seeks to emphasize a man-centered religion through distorting the Bible as a self-help resource. Indeed, when I first became a Christian, the Bible was often presented to me in this way. I must admit that it was very appealing to my human nature. Who doesn’t want to believe the words of W. E. Henley, “I am the master of my fate and the captain of my soul”? Yet, the Bible is not about self-help – it is all about grace, mercy, and love.
... we're having a rare day of sunshine and warmth here at Belleau Cottage and the poor bees really do need it as Guy Williams from Skidbrooke Cyder tells me they've been having real problems getting out to feed recently with all this wet weather, so much so that he's worried they'll starve and has been having to feed them a sugar solution... and with the fields of rapeseed so tantalisingly close it must be dreadful for those hungry little workers and isn't good for us either for without the bees working their magic on our plants and trees we'll all suffer... let's hope there's some more sunshine soon before its too late!
In Hammond's home-cum-coffee shop she proudly displays a bottle of Amarula, some kitsch tribal masks and a print of a lion, all trinkets her cousin brought back when she visited South Africa on holiday last year. Her Afrikaans is almost unintelligible through her thick Spanish accent and the Spanish words she frequently throws into sentences, but she manages to get her point across in her congenial manner, stumbling when she tries to think of an Afrikaans word she can't remember.
The University of Auckland granted me a full year's research and study leave for the 1998-1999 academic year. My wife and I decided to take the bulk of it in London. She would study for a masters degree in law at King's College and I would work from an office in Senate House provided under the John Adams Fellowship I had been offered by the University of London Institute of United States Studies. Before settling down for a winter in England, we backpacked around Europe for a spell. We stayed in Athens for a few days, walked up to the acropolis from the Plaka district where our hotel was located and then travelled by ferry through the Greek Islands to Crete, Rhodes and the Turkish coast. We took local buses and coaches up the coast to Istanbul, flew to Budapest and went by public riverboat to Esztergom in Western Hungary, then on to Vienna by bus and train. We stayed in youth hostels, backpackers and small hotels, finally abandoning our travels in Vienna when the temperature hit the 90s; we bailed out and flew to London.
Hatte ich schon erwähnt, dass ich dieses Land liebe???
Watch the video. It's only a minute or so long and is an actual news story. It will be one of the best minutes you've ever spent in your entire life.
No band will permeate me as thoroughly as R.E.M. in the early 80s. It couldn’t be stopped. I was 14. Reckoning remains my favorite of the band’s album, and Letter Never Sent might be my favorite track. I can barely understand a word of it, other than ‘Vacation in Athens is calling.’ The title was evocative, as I spent the summer of 1984 trying to communicate with girls by writing letters, and some of them never made it out the door.
at the end of the service.
Bake at 350 for 1 hour
And I have tasted and made many varieties in my day – powders, pouches, with seafood, with smelly fontina, with sharp cheddar, with a roux base, with bechamel sauce. This is my favorite.
Watching President Barack Hussein Obama try to pick winners and losers in the Middle East would be amusing if it were not so deadly serious. Not a word about Syria’s slaughter of its protestors. A demand that Libya’s Gadhafi step aside and a quick retreat behind NATO’s skirts. Throwing Egypt’s Mubarack under the bus when saying nothing would have sufficed. And then there was the infamous and inauspicious start to his presidency with the “World Apology Tour” that included a stop in Cairo.
Honky Tonk Guitars – The Stringshifters
The amazing thing about grace is that we should be eager to give it away, anxious to demonstrate it every chance we can. It should be first nature to us. We should not even need to be asked to forgive. It should be obvious.
then she comes into my room
The last thing we want is some kind of liberal thought-police; nobody wants to criminalize religion or punish religious speech. What I think @weywerdSun is saying is: at some point attempting to roll back the Bill of Rights and do away with the Separation of Church and State is intolerable and there should be some legal mechanism before the laws have a chance of being passed to prevent those religious based laws from going into effect.
I went with total random placement, which worked in some areas and not so great in others. The tumbler shapes make it look a bit more complicated, but the cutter made it simple. I fought the urge to include every single color of the rainbow in all their hues and stuck to pinks and yellow and greens. And birds and flowers. All lovely spring-timey things.
papers - K & Co
I find I have to agree. Although he’s dealing with individuals, most of the stories here dwell too much on the surrounding events than on the people with the exception of ‘Apricot Jam’ and ‘Nastenka’ which, for me, were the two best stories. When books like The Gulag Archipelago first came out they opened people’s eyes to what was, and had been, going on in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republic, but now there is no USSR and what more is there to say?
Then it was Pip’s turn. His head did not quite reach the projector screen so the clerk set out a blue plastic milk crate for him to stand on. To my relief, Pip did exactly as instructed. He stepped up on the crate, stood straight and still, and looked directly at the camera while the clerk took a couple of shots.
When people were babying me or talking down to me and making me feel stupid, it was because I was not portraying my own value. If the value of my self-worth was radiating, there would be no need for someone to talk down to me. If I were to be arrogant and speak down to someone, of course that person or someone else would put me back in my place and bring me back to earth.
(I think these two are pretty thankful for each other, Payne and my niece Laney at her birthday last year. Do you like her brother behind plugging his ears?? I would say he is not thankful, at that moment!)
So, we are in the midst of potty training. Thus, the Wee One (the Butterfly) is running around the house stark naked all the time! Now for her, this is exactly how she would prefer to walk around everywhere if we let her. She just loves going... um... full commando! Unfortunately for her, society hasn't quite accepted that as a social norm. Sorry kiddo! In the mean time, we are constantly asking her is she needs to go to the bathroom, hoping to catch her in time to encourage her to go on her potty chair. You know the routine!
And much like the enlightening ending of The Wizard of Oz (the ending I have always been so madly in love with), Scott Hutchison's gorgeous songwriting reminds me every day that I have the heart, the brain, and the courage I had once sadly forgotten I had possessed all along.
He pointed to recent figures which showed that 61 percent of all primary school children in Birmingham were now from the “ethnic minorities.” This is, he said, “no longer an ethnic minority, but a majority. This is colonisation by immigration.
It was a great evening though. Mom, my Irish friends and me sat up drinking wine and sparkling wine until 3am, when I was so tired I could not keep my eyes open any more. The next day we went for a walk in the forest and staggered our way across an icy patch longer than I had hoped it would be. Even the dog was walking cautiously on the side. But it was so nice to be out and walking with people in daylight. I usually end up going for a short walk in the evening after dark here in the UK and it's just not as nice.
In difficult circumstances throughout her early life, Gabrielle Coco Chanel did not submit to the dire circumstances that presented themselves to her. She did not succumb (at least not for long) to possible defeat. When fired from her singing gig, she snagged costumes on her way out in order to have something to wear at the next (then unknown) audition. When her sister left her to live with a baron (which must have felt like sheer abandonment), Gabrielle Coco Chanel plucked her courage and presented herself at her future benefactor’s estate, tacitly accepting the role of mistress. When she was faced with marrying for convenience, she took the as-yet-rarely-ever-done-by-a-woman decision of striking out ”to make my own fortune” with a hat shop in Paris. When life dealt her the ultimate blow of depriving her of the love that grounded her, she let her soul flourish amid textiles and scissors, imagination and determination, resulting in the emergence of la maison Chanel.
flash - sounding, or trying to sound, slick. You can 'come over flash' as in 'Don't come over flash with me, son.' or 'Don't come all flash with me, son'.
I’ve called before for a “Separation of School and State” on the grounds that the education itself is different—and not as good, for the recipient or for the rest of us—to the extent that it is paid for by the government.
The fantasy for this sometimes changes at this point where I would then switch places and take his cock in my mouth, and she would suck me off. We would continue to do this until we all fall asleep together. That will probably always be just a fantasy for me.
The left side of this figure shows four consecutive data transfers. In the first transfer, all of the data bits are “1.” In the second transfer, they’re all “0.” As a result, all data bits change state from the first transfer to the next. This is a bad thing, especially at multi-GHz transfer rates. The effects of capacitive charge and discharge for all data lines at high speeds creates a problem called simultaneous switching output (SSO), which stresses the DRAM’s power-distribution system on the chip, in the package, and on the board. The next transfer shows a transition from all zeroes to all ones except for one data bit. Because of capacitive coupling, the data lines making the zero-to-one transition become aggressors that try to induce that lone holdout bit to also make the transition even though it does not want to do so. The fourth transfer exhibits a similar problem. All of the bits make a transition but one bit steadfastly wants to make the transition in the opposite direction. Again, it’s up against a number of aggressors.
Indeed, the forum, where students discuss the course and offer assistance to each other, is something that almost all MITx participants cite as a defining feature of the experience. “
Sadly she's not got the song.
The Chicago gang brought a gun to the fight, and the Romney brigade shot them in the face with a cannon. Tee hee hee…
Eight Single Sailors at dinner (how much do they eat?),
But what I do know is that it will be interesting...very interesting.
I believe that's a saxophone in a medical bag. Before you ask: I don't know. I'm gonna go out on a limb here, though, and say this was for the 105th birthday of the Greater Saskatchewan St. Mary's General Hospital Medical Practitioners Naked Marching Band. Or maybe that's my wishful thinking talking.
Numbers beyond par
While technology has lowered the barriers to turning ideas into reality, the majority of potential projects still come unstuck along the way – either because they are missing a crucial skillset or lack the mentoring support to help overcome inevitable hurdles.
I returned to a school the other day to pick up some books I’d left there and a 10 year old girl came up to me and said in this tiny voice: “I am Phoebe.” We got chatting and she said she was very shy and she wished other people knew how well she could sing - just like Phoebe. She also said she was going to try and pluck up the courage to join a drama group.
At Mouse Tales® Travel, they will treat your vacation plans as if they were our very own, and will work hard to ensure you get the best value available. So contact Mouse Tales® Travel before you book your next Disney trip and let them make your
I'll repeat. Ugh.
I’m trying to encourage Trishna Dey to have her poems translated into English. I could even attempt to do so myself. Once there are translated they may have a better chance of receiving the recognition they so richly deserve. I may come back in my blog to Trishna in a few months with a sample of her poems in English.
NA: Any plans to do so in the future?
twinkling effect the sun gave on these!
Australia: Catholic Church marshalls anti-gay marriage army
37 The Kite Runner – Khaled Hosseini*
Roll each piece into an 18″ long rope. Then, shape them into pretzels by making a loop with the dough and then twisting the ends together and tucking them into the bottom (I just laid the ends on top as shown and they turned out fine). Place all of the pretzels on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. For the topping, stir the sugar into the water until dissolved, and then brush the mixture over the pretzels (it helps the pretzels brown nicely, and it helps the salt stick, too). Sprinkle the pretzels with kosher or coarse-grain salt, if desired.
Entrepreneur is a word oft-used to describe Donald Trump. There are other words used, particularly by some in the north-east of Scotland, to describe him but I can't repeat them here as I may fall foul of obscenity laws..
I draw.
Tait Trussel writes, “The Pet rob ras loan may be a windfall for Soros and Brazil, but it is a bad deal for the U. S. The American Petroleum Institute estimates that oil exploration in the U S could create 160,000 new, well-paying jobs, as well as $1.7 trillion in revenues to federal, state, and local governments, all while fostering greater energy security and independence.”
1. COLD KISS is Amy Garvey's twelfth published book, but her YA debut. She's written romance novels, ghostwritten books in a popular MG series, and penned a whole other series. In other words, she's a true writing professional! She also happens to be one of the most genuine people, and I like genuine people.
Also, the claim of 18,000 new jobs includes 15,000 construction jobs over ten years, or an average of 1500 jobs a year. Nor would all the jobs actually be created rather than retained, since some would represent jobs moved from elsewhere.
With Love and Glitter,
Based on my experience and research, while there’s no perfect location that fits everyone, this is one of those cases where you usually want to compromise and end up in an in between point.
Today was going to be devoted, if necessary, to making sure the insurance signed off on the surgery. But I got an email this morning that everything was fine. Fingers crossed that is, in fact, the situation. I’m going to call and verify later today.
A typical Steward’s department for a cargo ship is a Chief Steward, a Chief Cook, and a Steward’s Assistant. All three positions are typically filled by unlicensed personnel. The chief steward directs, instructs, and assigns personnel performing such functions as preparing and serving meals; cleaning and maintaining officers’ quarters and steward department areas; and receiving, issuing, and inventoried stores. The chief steward also plans menus; compiles supply, overtime, and cost control records. The steward may requisition or purchase stores and equipment. Galley roles may include baking.A chief steward’s duties may overlap with those of the Steward’s Assistant, the Chief Cook, and other Steward’s Department crew members.
How had it got there?
Percy isn’t the first person to leave Rosamond: everybody seems to, from her husband, Hatley, who walked out on her years ago; to her complicated daughter Agnes, whose girlhood bedroom was papered with maps of the places she wanted to escape to. The town itself is Rosamond’s anchor, but it is beginning to quiver with the possibility of change. The high school girls are writing suicide poetry. The town’s young, lumbering sidewalk preacher is courting Rosamond’s daughter. A troubled teenaged boy plans to burn Main Street to the ground. And the furniture factory itself—the very soul of Goliath—threatens to close.
Eric Samadikan Hartono, 20, Boston, Mass.
“So, what I was thinking,” he went on after his brief assessment of my emotional state. “We could put glass back into the top where that god-awful chicken wire was, or do you remember the tin my Daddy put in the pie safe he made? He got a pattern from a book and punched the tin himself with a hammer and nail. We could do that.”
As someone who has read many of the works of the great primatologist Jane Goodall, I was very interested in what the Busch Gardens keeper had to say. Since one of the chimps was in the open playing in the middle of the living area the keeper was having a hard time getting anyone in the crowd to listen to her.
... and I'm still stressing over the fact that I don't have room for Terre Verte and a whole lot of other colours you don't even want to know about.
On another note, I started school on Monday. Today was the first day we worked with knives. I cut myself. Twice. Yaay. It hurts. A lot. :T It was fun though! And then Chef gave us cake.
Happy Birthday Nat!
As a human being out there in the technosphere, it is in your best interest to preclude the emergence of a Goliath from the fields of competitors. In no market since the discovery of fossil fuel has this been easier than it is with the internet in this age. In the evolution of modern computing, anti-trust regulation against Microsoft and ongoing similar actions (mostly in and by the EU) works to thwart some of the most abusive practices that are trending toward monopoly. But, the most important thing is user behavior, where you click and for what is the main determinant of the balance of power between the players. So my advice is simple: spread the wealth. If you are intentional about spreading the wealth of your clicks, you will become the most powerful force against web hegemony.
This came about mainly due to my husbands job. The company was to send him as a reward for his work...and I was, happily, given the trip to join him as well. He's a yacht broker and the main boat he sells is built there in France. So, he got to tour the companies factories as well as attend the huge Paris boat show.
Context on the show: Bart is distraught after losing his longtime dog, Santa’s Little Helper. His father gives the above speech, fueling Bart’s inner fire and prompting him to do something about his problem.
Beside the lake, beneath the trees,
Me: "What does your dentist say?"
Publisher: Egmont Books
2) Don't accumulate too much stuff in the stamp room. It just makes clean-up after a flood much more difficult.
The shortlist and winner will be announced in the next week or so, chosen by award-winning Irish writer Gerard Donovan. The winner will receive £500 and have their story published in Issue 5, due out in the autumn.
I think of that face and know that she’s still beautiful, still smart and funny. I know that she’s safe and adored, protected and loved.
What is colonics you might ask ~ here is a short overview.
I want to thank everyone for your well wishes. I am feeling a bit better and was put on some medication. I do have an appt. in 2 weeks with a Gastroenterologist because my family Dr. is thinking Irritable Bowel, Colitis or Celiac disease. These are all in the group of what is considered auto immune diseases and may explain my positive ANA titer that gave me a tentative diagnosis of Lupus 2 years ago.....
I discovered the first lady when my second child was born, also intolerant of milk and soy protein. I wanted real food and this time knew exactly what I was looking for. MSPI Momma has saved my sanity more times than I can count! I recently found her blog again and was still just as pleased as ever to find some great recipes to try out! She has wonderful things like this Chocolate Candy Cane Cake,
In general we have not been endorsing any products or services, but this time we were actually looking for something to soothe Ms K and Oliver, when Oliver comes for a visit, since both were very stressed the last time he came for a visit. Therefore, when we received the request from PetNaturals®, it was very timely, so we decided to give it a try and over the next several weeks we will let you know how things are going. In the meantime, please do have a look at PetNaturals® website and see their many products, which available for both cats and dogs. You can also reach them toll free at: 1.888.340.1995 or check their store finder by typing in your zip code.
So we here at Tartan & Sequins are here to help. Check out the following tips and styles to keep you looking fabulous while growing out bangs.
Makes 12
This tree was always a inspiration to me personally!
The passengers of both the Sun Sea and the Ocean Lady are ethnic Tamils, who have long complained of discrimination in Sri Lanka, where they are a minority. A lengthy civil war between the separatist Tamil Tigers and Sri Lankan government forces ended in May 2009 with the defeat of the rebels and the killing of their commanders, including the elusive guerrilla leader Velupillai Prabhakaran.
iii. “He hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world.” (Eph. 1:4).
1 Tbsp. fresh lemon juice
Yet, my parents divorced, my mother moved back to Europe after living in America for almost 20 years and soon after, I followed her.
Any suggestions from my readers for the "Something New" column? What's your favorite "fun" plant to grow in the garden?
Today I took it out to the range for a test. Fodder was some M2 ball that I'd loaded up, and the targets were, as usual, a couple of paper plates stapled one above the over at 100 yards. I wound up sharing the range with a couple of bench-rest shooters, which sucked for all of us to some extent as the bench-resters at this club are pretty snobby and elitist.
My mom is coming in town tomorrow to visit the kids, and also attend my older sister’s baby shower on Sunday. Her son is due at the end of July, and we are all so excited! Unfortunately, she lives a few states away, so don’t see them too often. My sister has always been my best friend, and been there for me through everything. I am so excited to meet her son, and look forward to watching our kids grow up together! Even if it’s just on holidays:)
“I-” Creme stopped short. Had she not already done so when she burnt down that building? Was there really any difference in doing so with fire than with any other mage spell? Would she have approached it differently if she could have performed a different skill? Or the same type as the one she had done but with more finesse?
Abrupt change of topic.
"Not even close." The other woman's voice came back breathy, exhilaration mixing with her fear. Leaving Kos behind had been the right choice; he'd have been too excited, not nearly afraid enough. Jashi would stop Pevan taking too many risks.
It's sort of like real camping...but without delicious BBQs, toasted marshmallows and inviting campfires. Well, I could try the campfire, but I doubt the smoke alarm would appreciate that. Plus, I'm pretty sure there's a "no open flames" clause in our rental lease.
According to Sabrina Slimani, the themes of the event almost suggested themselves. “After listing all the possible venues, we were quickly able to divide them into three themes; pénétrer l’interdit (enter the forbidden), expérimenter l’inedit (try something new), and rencontrer l’inconnu (encounter the unknown). The principal idea was to take people to places they would never be able to visit, or show them the hidden
In an ideal fascist state, there are so many legal restrictions and codes that it is virtually impossible for the average person to not break the law every day of their lives. Welcome to America! This is an accurate description of the BAR and its case law (public opinion) when combined with U.S. Legal CODE – the prima facie (presumed consent) law that rules America and Americans.
Spoon over the crumbled goat's cheese and scatter with the pancetta and toasted pine nuts.
Goodie List........
Dahlings, in an exciting new life style development, I have been exploring a rich seam of minimalist blogs and applying the knowledge gleaned to Blight HQ.
Seven.
Preheat the oven to 350F. Soak oats in bowl in the water. In another bowl, whisk the olive oil, brown sugar, and egg and pour over the oats stirring to combine.
Books themselves, have always had an air of mystery, of history, of adventure waiting around the next page. Well at least to me. There is something heady about holding a tome of storied. Maybe it’s the printer’s ink affecting my brain, making me high on print. Or maybe it’s my own imagination, running rampant like a painter high of caffeine standing before a blank canvas, hand twitching in anticipation.
I stamped the cross and sentiment directly onto the card using Versamark and heat embossed with silver embossing powder.
The saying was revived by French Premier Georges Clemenceau (1841-1929):
Craft is such a wonderful way to bring people together. It can be a bridge between older and younger women who want to learn various needle crafts, it is the vehicle that transports the household crafts our great grandmas used to decorate their homes and clothe their families to us to use in a modern way, and it brings people together to teach and learn in a way few other activities can. I am looking forward to today - we start at 12.30pm, just after the shared lunch, and go till 2.30pm. Everyone is welcome to join us.
Busan Bridge grows a glowing vine first red, then slowly colors cascade to the water.
With a wooden skewer, poke holes about 2 inches apart in cooled cake. Slowly pour jello over cake, refrigerate until set.
Without further ado...I present you with Face-down on a bale of hay.
10:23 PM – The Funkasaurus is in the house! Please, call my Momma!
Of course I left the last alumni interview for my own house; however two days before deadline was a little late. Nothing went wrong. I got three interviews from Alpha E’s. However I do feel bad that I am only using one. Now I have let some people down. There is a lesson in this.
in the dirt
Only 1 comment per person. Extra comments will be deleted. If you want to ask any questions, start some discussion, etc then please use the Guestbook, or email me direct. If you somehow botch your comment and need to delete it, then whilst signed in you should be able to click the trashcan beside it and then start again from scratch. If you can’t then email me and I should be able to do it for you.
So this album is mostly for prog rock fans, the casual listener should hear track nr. 1 - "Blindness" -its pure exelence.And the guitar solo on this track exelent- so primitive (for standarts of 1974), but so great at the same moment.
At the coffeehouse, Brenda, Natalie, Damon, Sasha and Parker discuss the murder. A television in the background shows a picture of the dead girl and the gas station attendant, because now he's also missing. When they discuss who she was, Sasha tells them that she heard that Michelle was listening to her radio show when she was murdered. Uhhhh, no she wasn't, she had turned it off to listen to Bonnie Tyler again. Hmmmm, did we just find our killer?
Recently, two £500 million cocaine shipments (ie together they were allegedly worth £1 billion) were intercepted within two weeks, both coming in by boat.
The overall point of web advertising is to stop you looking at the web page you originally visited, because you'd only learn something or gain whatever it is you wanted to gain before you went there. The click-through rates currently run at around 0.000000000000000000000001%.
You all need to go follow her wonderful greatness and check out the many other things she has going on over there including the release of her new stamp sets. You can find out about those by clicking this THIS LINK HERE.
It’s a dance, it really is. The mind alone won’t do it. You need to be totally congruent at the deepest level in order to manifest change. Like God the teabag says, ‘As long as there is a doubt, you cannot find the way.’ And those doubts might be subconscious. Tricksy huh?
We shall see come Saturday!
Working On: Being most celebrated painting in the world
Crack all the eggs into a medium size bowl. With a fork, beat eggs. Add a few strong dashes of cinnamon.
illustration of the "country's political divide"—one that the Times
or what else?
ripper or a small, thin screwdriver
The angel had no face,
I always struggle with how to begin a new post after not posting for an extended period of time. Should I just dive back in as if my last post was yesterday? Should I try to explain “where I’ve been”? Apologize for being a “bad blogger”? Merely say “I’m back!” I’ve even used the famous “Wow! I can’t believe it’s been two months since I last posted!” I know I’m not alone in “neglecting my blog”. Even when I’m not posting, I’m keeping up with the blogs I follow. I see many types of bloggers. There are those who post daily, those who post weekly, and those who post a few times per month. They are Bloggers. They post with some kind of regularity. Then there are those who post randomly. Like me. I am a random blogger. It's simple...when I get a round to it, I post.
So exactly what do you Value in life? I am not talking about things that you like, would like to have, or think are nice. I am talking about feelings you have in the pit of your stomach. Right and wrong, evil and good, kindness and despicable actions. Most people don’t really give their Core Values much thought…..if any thought at all.
Jenni has to try to figure out a way to go back in time and change what happened
Then God will give to each one whatever praise is due.
Third, I would not worry so much about QE and would pay more attention to interest rates. Rates are more than likely staying low for the next couple years, despite the rumblings one hears about the possibility of raising them sooner than later because of improvements in economic conditions.
2.stood up
In the Daily Mail, the chief football correspondent, Matt Lawton, had a more positive view of the conference arguing that Hodgson said and did all the right things: “When it came to the first examination of Hodgson, England manager, the 64-year-old from Croydon gave a decent account of himself … Only time will tell if Hodgson is the right Englishman, but he made all the right noises. He said he would not be sticking to Stuart Pearce’s bizarre timetable and naming a squad of 23 before a last Premier League ball had even been kicked, and he will make the John Terry-Rio Ferdinand issue a priority … As first days go, it had not been a bad one.”
These three brownstones completed in 1886 on Hancock Street in the Bedford Historic District were built by brothers Messa, and George G. Hallock . Alfred T. Lawrence built 180 for his family. You find these families still living in these these Queen Anne Brownstones according to the 1900 census but the Hallock brother are deceased. George Hallock was 51 years old in 1896 when he passed away at his residence 196 Hancock. Unfortunately none of these great houses are landmarked protected at the present time.
In addition to G.I. Joe: Special Ops, Syfy Ventures also announced its initial slate of social games, published under the Syfy Games banner. This platform consists of an expanding suite of high quality social games embracing the sci-fi, fantasy, paranormal, action/adventure and superhero genres, ranging from original content to games based upon Syfy programming. Syfy Games will use the platform to grow Syfy and third-party published games targeting genre fans and the core gamer.
Votara shook his head slightly. Bring down the Empire? Sure, that was his ultimate goal, but he was getting ahead of himself. First, he needed to see if the Imperial officer was telling the truth. Then, he needed to make sure that the Empire found a reason to stop watching him. And then? Well, only the Presence knew what would happen next.
I’ll say it again but they – along with everything else - felt so SPECIFIC. The way Ambrose goes about recruiting a couple of dangerous U.S. soldiers with sordid pasts to help him take down Roger – I’ve never read a scene like that. It was just so convincing. I’m used to writers bullshitting their way through those scenes. I felt that Tyler had either been in that exact same situation himself (yes I REALLY thought that) or he’d researched the shit out of how these conversations typically go down (which is even scarier when you think about it – where do you find people who have been in that kind of situation before?).
"But I'd really like to tell you, and Jacob thought it was funny, and my coworkers thought it was funny."
Care's "Wake Up To Justice" campaign with the Full Circle Exchange supports Fair Trade, meaning that farmer's and women are empowered by being paid fair wages, working in cooperative workplaces, and through growing cocoa and coffee beans with environmental sustainability. I personally believe that fair trade ethics is the best way to eradicate poverty around the world. Families who make products that are sold the fair trade way are able to pay for their children to attend school, children don't have to work because the parents make enough money to provide for the family, people are most empowered when they get good wages for the detailed work that they do, and getting treated fairly in a work environment allows the workers to feel self-respect and raises self-confidence.
Bedtime with my 2 1/2 year old is challenging, to say the least. We moved Dylan to a big boy bed just before Sadie was born when he was about 22 months, because we didn't want to get another crib. And he was just ready. He never got up after being tucked in for the night. We moved Sadie to a bed at about the same age because she was beginning to try to climb out of her crib and we feared for her safety. This didn't bode well for her readiness to stay in bed for the night, and she's been pushing the limits ever since.
Ink: Basic Black, marker, gel pen
Once his career faded away, Baysee returned to his old job, riding bus routes through London collecting fares, singing and playing his harmonica. As for me, by 2004 I knew that I would be leaving Britain to live in Australia, probably on a temporary basis, but possibly permanently. On one of my last nights out in the capital I rode the bus and there was Baysee, riffing away whilst taking fares. As I alighted the Routemaster on what I thought may be one of my last journeys, he began playing "Killing Me Softly" on his harmonica - it was a very late and still night, and I could hear him playing the tune as the bus rode off into the distance, fading away slowly as I began the walk towards my front door. It was such an eerie moment that I made a note of it in my diary, and wondered to myself if there would be other characters like him outside London.
I think it was summer, Joe said it was September.
O God, let our mouth proclaim your praise.
It's too late to vote for a winner in yesterday's contest. But all this week dog's will be competing. You can vote for the winner in each round on ABC's FaceBook page I know, I know...another facebook deal... it just ain't right
It was in April, 1996, that a box floated to land in Staten Island, New York. Inside it was the legless torso of Club Kid/drug dealer, Angel Melendez.
And he's at it again.
They show this by cancelling Kyoto, because the environment likes higher CO(2) emissions, because plants are part of the environment and need CO(2) to breathe. You don’t hate plants, do you?
With all of this, neither of them chose to parent with punishment, arbitrary consequences, grounding, restrictions and demands.. Instead, they parented with the principles of listening, trust, kindness, respect, patience and fun.
I'm here to fix all that.
The mood is nostalgic, shot in greyish greens and blues, effectively capturing the general atmosphere of the book. When the future looks dim, the best one can do is to look back and savour what has been. Screenwriter Alex Garland has done an admirable job in being loyal to the source material, visualizing the key events and pertinent scenes, bringing to life the haunting memories of Kathy’s, whose narratives are taken straight out of the book.
Welcome to Day 3 of Stamp School's Sneak Peeks. Today's card was such fun to make. It's so hard for me to do an "all masculine" card, so I added flowers to this one (thanks to Stamp School's Flowers For Mom from April's release).
haha maybe they were crying bc they could relate
Can you not imagine how conditions would be here on earth were it not for the Body of Christ? It is only the true Christian who hinders the satanic activity of the world. “Only he who now hinders will hinder until he be taken out of the way,” and this will occur in the rapture or the catching away of the church in the air.
And yeah, sometimes it’s easy to say, “I know what works for me–eating bacon for every meal works for me.” But when we are honest with ourselves, we know that isn’t true. I can sometimes fool myself for a little while, thinking that some bizarre faddish practice is making me healthier and happier (like the time I was swallowing spoonfuls of canola oil at regular intervals? Or the time I gave up sugar but gladly adopted sugar-free pudding as a staple?), but I know how my body really feels, and I can eventually suss out when I’ve been bullshitting myself into doing something that isn’t right for me. Swallowing oil to curb my hunger via the Shangri-La diet made me feel immensely ill, even though I was indeed less hungry. Sugar free pudding? Let’s not even go there.
But when you step outside of that echo chamber, in which everyone is talking to everyone else and they all work in the same industry and deal with the same client problems and use the same acronyms, you have to reset pretty quickly. Lots of people don’t have much of an idea how to define ‘public relations,’ let alone have developed thoughts on content marketing or the efficacy of automated email outreach. If you stay in the bubble too long, it’s easy to forget that, or at least it is for me.
So, no recipe for today. I don't want to think about food right now - that is how irritated I am. So, I guess, digest all those little factoids about Coke. Sorry. I had to read it to shock myself out of drinking it anymore. I am still sad. I am going to try a little yoga and hope that the endorphins you get from exercise make me feel better. If not I am going to spend the day under a blanket on the couch (much like I did last week when I had the plague) and keep myself from hitting the fridge...although, smart me didn't get very much junk food the last time I hit the food store.
Drows’d with the fume of poppies, while thy hook
Making Memories mini alpha’s
pediped® footwear was founded in 2004 by Angela and Brian Edgeworth in their quest for the perfect soft-soled shoe for their first daughter. Exceptional quality, unsurpassed comfort and distinctive styling have made the award winning company the fastest-growing children's footwear brand in the United States. pediped® footwear has been awarded the American Podiatric Medical Association Seal of Acceptance for the promotion of healthy foot development, and preeminent orthopedic medical professionals, Dr. Mininder S. Kocher and Dr. Thomas W. Vorderer, deem pediped® shoes an excellent choice for parents/caregivers who want their children’s feet to develop naturally and healthily. In 2011 Earnshaw’s, the premier media resource serving the children’s market recognized pediped® with Earnshaw’s Earnie Awards for Company of the Year and Best Footwear.
A few Benefits of Cucumber: Regulate Body’s PH level and reduce the acidity, help regulate blood pressure, contribute to strong tissue building, encourage waste removal through urination (helps with kidney stones), cooling properties help to reduce fever, reduce inflammation, promote hair growth, hydrates, great for glowing skin…to name a few!
FG=1.014@67F
“If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God. Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.”
Time to Complete: 7 hours
So of late, I have baked my hams in the oven using my method below, first cutting away the unwanting skin and fats and basting often to retain juiciness. The taste for this ham and recipe is pretty much like I cook my Crocked Ham in the slow cooker. Enjoy!
It is very important to understand that the revoke does not in any way remove the ability to decrypt anything that was previously encrypted with the key-to-be-revoked. In other words, if the worst scenario occurs and some “bad guy” gets your private key — the “bad guy” can decrypt anything encrypted to that key. The revoke is simply there to try to keep your colleagues and other contacts from continuing to send sensitive data to you using a compromised key.
But all that is no big news.What I can’t understand is this fear.
have a great weekend, my pals.
“About 50% of the experience is the thrill of getting on the road, and on the track, with 40 other fellow muscle car nuts,” says Muscle Car 1000 founder, Chris Hoskins. “But the other 50% is about what happens out of the cars – access to unique venues, winemaker dinners every night, seeing your car on display. Muscle Car 1000 combines raw automotive excitement with luxurious living.”
system, she admits that she's something of a seeker. On the
1944, US, directed by Fritz Lang
Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Who went up on the chopping block?
Surfer Wife
Life is ours, we live it our way
Peter, unable to speak, just laid on the bed more dumbfounded than scared.
I missed April because I kept forgetting for the first half of the month and then our cameras shutter stopped functioning halfway thru the month (ahhh, not good because I love our camera!), so I have dug out our old camera to use in the meantime.
Speaking of Harley, today was a great day. We went to our friend's house for some hanging out. Harley got to play with a dog and walk the dog. We got all sweaty on our walk and went for a dip in her wave pool. This is the coolest damn thing ever! It makes bubbles like a hot tub and also makes waves for those who like to swim in place~ Harley LOVES it because he can stand up all around the sides as there is a ledge that goes around the perimeter, and if he goes directly in front of where the waves come out, their current sweep him off to the other end of the pool. Great fun! He called it the "rushing waves". We had a grand visit, caught up on each other, ate cherries and left just after a nice downpour. Oh, and did I mention, Harley also got to fill the bird feeder? That is one of his all time FAVORITE things to do. We LOVE visiting them. They are so fun. AND if that was not enough, my friend gave me a pair of very high end sandals... can't remember the name, maybe Keen or something like that. Anyway, they just didn't work for her, so she gifted me with them. And all I brought for her was a cherry flavored ginger beer. sigh. In Bull Durham, Susan Sarandon says "Bad trades are part of baseball":... and to that end I guess bad trades are part of friendship (sometimes). It will all even out somehow though.
Rick Santorum.
But she noted that the group’s senior cadre served more as facilitators, setting up meetings between traffickers and other powerful figures in the region.
I found the central idea fascinating and immediately I found myself exploring ideas, and different scenarios started bouncing about in my head.
Several years ago a caretaker of a church building discovered some wood statures in the basement of the rectory. My friend’s name was Rickie. Rickie showed me these statues; let us say nearly fifty years ago.
And you might not be able to justify an etsy bill to your husband.
Boneshaker, by Cherie Priest, isn’t just a great steampunk read: it’s a well-oiled machine. Priest locks down every bolt as Briar and her son, Zeke, slide towards the conclusion. Secrets get dosed out in just the right amount, and Priest brings her alternate history alive without burying you in exposition or description. The first chapter, a little light on action and a bit heavy no backstory, get the necessities out of the way. From there Boneshaker hums along. We follow Briar’s desperate search for Zeke even as we’re treated to his perspective as he foolishly enters the ruined city. Priest slows things just right at the end, and the conclusion holds a few more surprises while feeling altogether natural.
Row 6: sc2tog, sc in next 4 sc, sc2tog, ch 1, turn (6).
You remember, dear ones listening to this and reading this, that the Temple of Rejuvenation rested on the top of Lemuria’s mountain. Lemuria is the highest mountain on the planet. To this day, it remains the highest mountain, but today it is submerged. It is called Hawaii. The Islands of Hawaii are only the mountaintops of one giant mountain. Measured from the bottom to the top, it is the largest on the planet. There is snow at the top, even now. Can you imagine it 20,000 feet higher? Can you imagine what it looked like observable from space? This is the one that the Pleiadians chose to come to first. Obvious, it was.
Studying for the GED can be daunting. Students may be embarrassed to go to a program to study, be nervous about additional costs, or think that they could do a better job with their own schedule. FLC has a GED section to our website that can answer any question you might have about getting a GED; testing places, program sites, online resources and FAQs.
Opal Moonbaby is such a sweet novel, I was grinning from page one and I'll definitely be keeping this one on the shelf to pass down to my younger relatives when they begin reading. Maudie Smith is a great new talent in the world of middle grade fiction and I'll certainly be looking out for more of her work in the future.
So wonderful, in fact, that I forced the poor 15yr old boy working the stand to tell me how it was made.
In the small things that fill my day.
They love my kitchen too! A piece of mackerel fish gone missing, a packet of unopened anchovies bought from the morning market mysteriously has traces of holes and tear marks on the plastic with some anchovies sticking out. A large piece of promfret (luckily it was still in the packet) was found on the floor at my kitchen door, because the packet was too big to go through the holes at the grill.
· Experience with Tomcat, Websphere, or Weblogic is desirable
Heat a pan, preferably non stick and cook the bacon bits until beginning to crisp. Add the syrup, stir again and transfer to a plate.
2. Exercise/Health–I will continue walking for a half an hour 3x a week. I need to get more focused on adding in fruits and vegetables into my diet however. One way that I will do this is to prepare fruits and vegetables to have on hand for snacking.
See pic above. Note: I am mom.
I never like vampires.. the word “vampire” never gave me any spine-chilling terror or sleepless nights experiences, I mean.. sometimes I do ask myself.. why am I not afraid of them and I still find them suck.. lets take look at the old-timer vampires like Lord Count Dracula for example :
What we can do for now is pray and hope that my next update is that he’s in a better condition now.
"Well of course I did not do the reading! I had to go to Tommy's party this weekend, and there was just no time! I mean.... you know.... I had stuff to do, I can't be expected to drop everything to read three chapters! Ya know?"
It's beyond my understanding and comprehension so all you Sherlock's out there feel free to comment.......
Asked a straight question Alderazi, who said he had confidence in Bahrain’s promise of reform, nevertheless called for the prime minister to resign after more than 40 years in office. The kingdom, he said repeatedly, needed to move forward.
The son of a postman, Wayne Hutchinson was born on February 25, 1981, and rode his first winner on the Flat at Salisbury aboard Whatevers Right on October 7, 1998. He originally planned to ride as a Flat jockey and spent 18 months with Mark Usher before deciding to trying his hand over jumps and took guidance from Stan Mellor and Jeff King. He joined Alan King’s stable in 2002 and partnered Halcon Generlardais to success in the Coral Welsh National at Chepstow in 2006. Hutchinson had his first success at the Cheltenham Festival in 2009 on Oh Crick in the Johnny Henderson Grand Annual Chase and also has also ridden a winner over the National fences, having partnered West End Rocker to victory in the Betfred Becher Chase art Aintree in December, 2011.
There’s a trail of smoke in the air, dwindling proof of my accomplishment and failure alike. I lay back down and curled up, feeling slightly gloomy but comforted by the soft grass. I grasp a handful of it and pluck it out and gingerly press the grass against my lips. Relishing the residual energy around me always calms my nerves; here in a place of power it’s almost intoxicating.
Dinner at 1875 Steakhouse
From the time I was very little I knew the relationship wasn’t right. I thought all I had to do was grow up and get out, I didn’t realize back then that the mother / daughter relationship follows you were ever you go. It’s inside your head. It’s a relationship most of us can’t just walk away from, although we would very much like to at times, you can’t just “break up” with your mother.
The good news is that I didn't actually end up DOING it. I wisely called The Man and Christie, my former reading teacher friend, who both emphatically insisted that I step away from this ledge and swallow all of my bilious ravings before I drive my child (more) insane.
I am going through the deepest darkness right now, but I am not alone. He alone is guarding me. He will guide me past the rocks that want to destroy me.
* If I had tons more data and could be bothered to crunch the numbers, the more sophisticated approach would be to work out how much of his wages after rent somebody in the North East spends on Type i. goods and on Type ii. goods; then we would work out how much extra somebody in the South East would have to pay on the same basket of Type ii. goods and services. The extra cost in the South East represents the extra embedded rent, to give us a true figure for wages net of pure rents and net of embedded rents. But simply assuming that embedded rents are one-fifth as much as pure rents in any region is probably close enough.
There will, of course, be some progress – the political scene will be more mature in some ways, having got probably six electoral processes (presidential and parliamentary) under its belt – and the economy will be improving. But overall, the fragility of the political and security situation will be substantial and the corresponding risk of a new fragmentation will be great. Optimism for future prospects across the country will be low.
This is SO not something I'd typically wear to the office (though I totally have a Joanie job now!), but we had a "Go Red for Women" luncheon and were all encouraged to wear red. This is the first time (I think) I've ever work red on this blog as I don't even own anything red.
. . . protecting you?
My constant companion in what I have done
So, I highly recommend this, if you can handle a good cry. It will particularly affect moms, and teens, and adults who REALLY remember what it was like to be a teen, and moms of teens.
That’s right. For the $199 fee this agency-turned-publisher charges, the links to your manuscript’s product page and the pages for 5 to 20 of its “closest book friends” are being sent like spam to publishers, with inadequate descriptions of the titles and no discussion of the merits of the individual works or why they would be a good fit for the publisher. The publisher-turned-agency couldn’t even be bothered to send separate query letters for each manuscript.
In an excellent confluence of events, the convention is one week before my college reunion. So here's what happened. The reunion starts June 3. I always go a few days early or stay a few days late to go to theater & concerts, visit museums, hang with friends, etc. This year, the plan was to go out on the Sunday or Monday beforehand. Now, I'm on the board of a local theatre company, and a play that was put on in Chicago in association with that company is headed to New York. The director will be in New York in April and May, coming back to Chicago the 31st. So I decided to go out on Saturday to hang with him and see the play before he leaves. But then I heard about the Book Blogger Convention on the 28th, and thought, "well, heck! Why don't I go out on Thursday and go to that?" So I am.
As I look down again at the watch, the time reads 1.43am.The brief exposure of my wrist to the cold causes the hairs on my arm to stand on end immediately. The sensation runs up my arm and down into my chest and back like my fingertips were plugged into the mains. 1.44a.m. and I’m beginning to wonder. Does she see me? I try and hold back a wry smile as the thought occurs to me that she does see me. In fact, she is watching me too. Locked together in a game which neither of us is truly certain we have an opponent. The idea warms me for a split second until the chill of the night regains its upper hand. I reach inside the pocket of my jacket and take out the cigarette packet, pulling the last slender stick and placing it to my lips. I don’t even worry the burning end will give away my location, a single orange ember like the last manned lighthouse in sea of dark and concrete. I’m calling to her now, “Do not fear. Do not perish. Come toward my light and shelter in my embrace”.
Get a pink chair.
There is no doubt now that the issue of bullying is front page news. It seems that more people are joining the cause to help solve the epidemic bullying problems that plague us.
When Shadows Fall
1. Training to learn how to build and cultivate a Professional Learning Network (PLN) is encouraged.
The talks are haunted by the spirit of the late Joshua Nkomo, whose fate stands as a warning to anyone trying to strike a deal with President Robert Mugabe.
I really hoped for stainless steel appliances, but alas, hubby wanted black and I had to compromise somewhere as almost the entire rest of the reno was to my taste (he, as most men, would have preferred natural stained wood cabinets).
After we had recited Al-fatehah for him … I looked around and was surprised to see another grave just opposite and what made me noticed it more than the rest was that the tombstone was written as “Hamba Allah 11.3.12″.
“When compared to most other districts, the Eastern District of Texas is famous for being a plaintiff-friendly venue, following a strict litigation schedule and having more cases go to trial,” the press release said.
Exciting stuff hey?!? So basically, this cake has been living for a very long time and I have been given some of the mixture to make my own "Herman The German" Cake. I have got to be honest, I think it is very cool. Very odd in many ways but in many more very cool.
It’s no secret that a large proportion of Scala programmers originate from the Java developer community. I’ve been writing Java code since the late 90′s and have recently starting doing some dev work in Scala. Since I fall squarely within the target audience for Scala I’ve decided to share my experiences and impressions using Scala from a Java programmer’s perspective. Overall I’m very impressed by Scala and plan to use it more, but do have plenty of constructive criticism which I provide at the end of this blog post.
Had my guys been the culprit, it would have been a direct aim and hit!
Major Leage
Until into 2004, I was aggressive, anti-Muslim, and unapologetically pro-Bush. But I am not an idiot. No WMDs were found. Call me crazy, but that was the reason we were given to invade in the first place. As I watched my elder Americans fall for the script rewrite that declared the objective of the war to be the liberation of the Iraqi people, an anti-government sentiment brewed in me and grew more intense with the week.
each ink stain on the line will bring,
The Blaze further points out that Obama’s demagogic claiming of the Reagan mantle gets even more warped, pointing out:
So, I was listening to my Me First and the Gimme Gimmes playlist and on came their cover of my favorite Bond theme, Carly Simon’s “Nobody Does It Better”. This made me want to listen to the original which in turn made me want to listen to more Bond songs. So, since I did that I figured I’d share my top 5 favorite Bond songs.
'Egg' Nog Christmas Cookie Recipe (gluten-free, vegan)
It's not a perfect match I know, but it makes the room feel SOOOO much better. I feel like I have a grown up bed finally!!!
Till the day I die
Let’s play a game.
I can remember what I perceive to be the first time I ever “did” this. It was during a time when my mom was still alive but fighting her cancer, and it was winter. I was visiting home and they had gotten a LOT of snow before I arrived, and it was still snowing during my visit. My mom was visibly uncomfortable with the weather, and was actually pacing a little. She’d look out the window and she looked so depressed. I asked her what was wrong. She said something to the effect that it was “gloomy” out or that it was cold and miserable out. I looked out the window and then back to her, and all I wanted to do was make her happy. I asked her, “Are you cold?” She said she wasn’t but that it looked so cold outside. I asked her again, “Are you cold?” She again said, “No,” and looked at me like I was going to get ornery with her or something. I said something like, “well, you’re inside and not out there, so why are you upset about it being cold? You’re not cold, so what does it matter if it’s cold outside? You’re not planning on going out any time soon. So why don’t you just enjoy the weather? You’re warm and look. It’s so pretty. The white of the snow looks so clean and it’s sparkly. And everything looks soft. Isn’t it pretty?”
Hello happy crafters...I'm in a very cheery mood because I'm on holidays...yay We have a break over Christmas/New Year with our business and this year we are taking 3 weeks off!!! I think we really need the rest. This year has been sooooo full-on!
Wow. Interesting. A street.
the Australian Jewish Democratic Society (AJDS) recently conducted research into the ways in which young Melbourne Jews are engaging with the Jewish community, in order to ‘enhance’ their ‘engagement with young people’. Helen Rosenbaum, who did the research, spoke to sixteen people and produced a really interesting report – as I was reading it I was somewhat comforted. I think those of us who are on the outer of the Melbourne Jewish community often feel like everyone else feels at home in it; but the number of people who expressed sentiments of dissent and alienation was stark. As Helen wrote, “The findings indicate that a socially progressive Jewish voice is valued by politically aware young Jews, many of whom are searching for a secular Jewish community to belong to.”
Two down and two to go. We survived Halloween and got through Thanksgiving. Now it is time to tackle Christmas and embrace the New Year. Let's start with reviewing Thanksgiving. How was it? Did you enjoy the company? Did you have lots of happy noises? Did the food police show up?
RR—In my book I acknowledge my indebtedness to Mr. Keel and his research and his writings actually helped me understand a lot about what was going on out in the Big Thicket because I grew up hearing all these stories about this stuff, and then I began to really that the sequence…. Well, you know you have the UFOs or unidentified strange lights, aerial lights—the ghost lights, the black panthers and wild men—these are elements of paranormal phenomena, all of which occurred in that place.
Worse, as we witness here, they are constantly making statements they believe are objectively true! All while denying objective truth. Amazing.
What about people’s names? Can they give a clue as to ethnic or racial identities within the plebe? It’s difficult to say. There are certainly many indigenous surnames that occur in the mass of no-category people. Name like Toapanta, Quilago, Cañar, Tituaña, Tutungilla, Lema, Topan, Guamansara, and many others frequently appear without category. It’s just a guess though. In the 1740s, tributaries were still often listed by name, and most Indian tributaries by then already had fully hispanized names.
For the days when I'm tired the anime boards, and I am able to remember that /b/ is no longer interesting, or am just feeling hungry, I usually go to /ck/, the cooking board. Sometimes there's actual recipes and food discussions, but other times it's just people trying to find something to make for cheap, or for looking at food pron. Either way, it's always interesting seeing what people can make with things like ramen, bacon, nutella, fried foods, cheese, or various combinations of the above. /ck/ has also shown us great inventions such as the waffle-sicle, or the all-in-one nutella cup of epicness (pictured below).
Finally, back to the issue of finances. Should all this be free or not? To extend the question further — is it within our interest to want to see as many people as possible receive an education? Is it within the government’s obligation to handhold its citizens up till tertiary education? If not, why not?
Mix dry ingredients in a bowl. Add water to make a soft dough, knead well and continue adding a touch of flour until dough is no longer sticky and becomes pliable. Let sit, covered, for 30 minutes. Divide dough into about 8 balls. Roll out each ball on a floured surface with a rolling pin. Spread about 1 tsp oil on each piece, roll up jelly-roll style (see photos) and curve dough into a snail-like form (see photo). Let sit 5 min. Roll out each piece again on a floured surface with a rolling pin. Preheat skillet. Add a few teaspoons olive oil to the skillet, and fry each chapati one at a time (or if you have room, you can do more). Turn once underside is flecked with light brown spots- but re-oil pan before turning over, this is crucial to prevent burning and smoking up your kitchen. Stack finished chapati in a round cake pan, cover, and place in a warm oven (150 degrees or so) until ready to eat. Be creative, eat with a variety of things and/or topped with your choice items!
necessarily require a full replacement of the line. 7 Rico Plumbing
PS: I really like the kid's aura.
Quiver Dance
Trevor Rabin releases Jacaranda (Varese Vintage Records), his first new solo album in two decades since Can't Look Away. The extremely versatile Rabin covers a wide range of styles on the new album, including rock, jazz, and classical. Trevor Rabin plays all of the instruments himself, with the exception of drums on the tracks, for which he brought in noted jazz/rock drummer Vinnie Colaiuta (Sting, Frank Zappa), longtime Rabin drummer Lou Molino III, and Rabin's son Ryan Rabin (Grouplove). He also brought in noted bass guitarist Tal Wilkenfeld (Jeff Beck, Herbie Hancock) who plays on the track "Anerley Road." Vocalist Liz Constintine is featured on the track "Rescue," inspired by the film The Guardian.
I called Russia Today’s spokeswoman, Ksenia Bregadze, to see if the channel stood by the author’s words. “It’s the position of the columnist – it’s not a fact that we support it,” she said, which doesn ‘t exactly sound like a denial. Why the anonymity of the author? “It’s a situation where the author doesn’t want his name to be known to all,” she said. Is he in Russia? The UK? The US? “I don’t even know who he is.”
About 15 minutes of sitting and watching the lights but not much had changed. It was time to head back. Walking back, I still had the camera in my hands. Suddenly, red streaks appeared in the sky on my right side. Unfortunately I was not at the best location to capture the moment. Trees blocked the view. The red streaks was only there for about 2 minutes, then it was gone.
Set List:
Confidence is linked to a whole lot of other things but obviously the type that I would like to discuss is being unfraid when the time comes for you to not stand out of the crowd, but stand in front of it.
Place the eggs and the yolks in a medium bowl. Add the vanilla and 1/4 C of buttermilk and whisk all the ingredient together. Set aside.
That's today's Blog, Thanks for reading take care and next blog post will be Thursday. All the Best Clint
This is an absolutely beautiful painting in the flesh. What the reproduction fails to show is the delacacie of the shades of blue of the water and the way it interacts with the two swimmers’ bodies. I also have a suspicion that the artist may have used an air-brush on this. It shows up in the very smooth finish and the beautiful graduations of colour.
Two books I have been wanting to read. Any book of Margaret Mahy's is a treat to look forward to and Linda Buckler-Archer's Time Quake is the third in the trilogy that began with Gideon the Cutpurse. It continued with The Tar Man and for along time this last book was announced as Lord Luxon, which would have been tidier. But somewhere along the way, someone decided it was going to be called The Time Quake Trilogy and so the last title was changed (unnecessarily to my mind).
What is the nature of reality after all? You see the first tendency was nihilism, nothing exists; I was completely desperate. But meditation very soon told me that no, it’s not that desperate. I had an experience. I had a glimpse that reality really does exist. Whatever it was I didn’t know, but something exists. So that gave me the prerogative to go back to science and see if I could now do science with new energy and new direction and really investigate truth instead of investigating because of professional glory.
This is a case of making two 'A' shaped parts, one for each side of the kitchen.
Cravings: Fruit! Be it canned or fresh or fruit juice. Also, turkey and bacon subs from Subway.
We need to be Sympathetic: We need to be more concerned about other people’s needs than our own. One problem with modern churches is that we tend to flatter people so much in our advertizing that they come into church thinking that the church is there to serve them. Actually, the church is there to serve them by giving them an opportunity to serve others.
And waterfall me through; my browsing senses
Long years now past, your life I have missed,
We will not have a white Christmas here for sure. We have not had much moisture in weeks, just cold, dry air. Another photo later....
Then, with the centre part, I sew around the inside of the petals and then sew the last of the petal together. I found those black bulldog clips or paper clips, help to hold the petals out of the way as I work along.
With the Elephants eventually getting mobile we took our leave and headed in the direction of where Marka had left the large Buffalo herd the night before. With other stations in the area doing most of the leg work before we arrived we had only to check one road to find what we were looking for. It happened coincidently that we would find a lone female Giraffe on a road that we were checking for the Buffalo and while sitting with her we could hear them bellowing in the valley
To be honest, Chronicle should never have been as good as it was. It was sort of a trend film, blending in the popular found footage genre with the extremely popular superhero movie. What separates Chronicle from what it should have been is its focus on the people doing the filming and not the powers on display. Chronicle is a fascinating exercise in strong character development. The strong connection that the movie establishes with characters and the audience helps to provide a powerful and emotionally devastating experience. If you love both the found footage and superhero genres, then there is no reason you won’t love this film. It exploits the very best of the two genres while also telling the tragic story of a boy pushed too far.
The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this blog. That content, advertising space or post may not always be identified as paid or sponsored content.
ps This drawing is meant to be me, catching your messages.
He forces himself to take another step inside.
Ovarian cancer is a disease in which the cells in the ovaries become abnormal, start to grow uncontrollably, and form tumors. Ninety percent of all ovarian cancers develop in the cells that line the surface of the ovaries and are called epithelial cell tumors.
It is not the prayer of the laity. But the whole Church can attend and join in the prayer
Warranty Period
Marcy over at Ben and Me has started a new bloggy link up. This is something that I can do because I can plan for and know what is coming rather than having to wait for a topic.
shattered in minutes
Watch first, then answer please.
I drove to Nimbus Arts that day and met Jamie, the director, for the first time. We talked about my duties and about my background, and I became their media and public relations intern.
I do this thing with clothes though, particularly pieces I'm especially fond of. I tend to attach a specific memory to them. Apparently this is not a recent development in my psyche, as my mother will tell you that I'm notorious for saying, whenever she mentions something that occurred years and years ago, "Oh, sure. I remember that day. I remember the outfit I was wearing, actually." This memory association isn't necessarily a bad thing, of course. I still look fondly at the sweater I wore through-out my backpacking days, ten years ago, and doubt I'll ever be able to get rid of the thing. I know which dresses I wore to friend's weddings, I recall certain outfits I wore on important events in my life - big, like job interviews, and small, like meeting a new friend for dinner, hoping we become as good of friends as I imagine we could be. Even when filling up a donation bag for Goodwill recently I had fond memories of the clothes I bid farewell to - the khaki shorts I wore while traveling in Costa Rica, the flannel shirt I'd worn up in Maine with friends, the one I'd accidentally shrunk in the wash once I returned to the city.
And I’ve been updating this blog thing – Writing.
I am writing to ask you to stop studying me if that is what you are doing.
Amy immediately dropped her fork and slid her chair back, after a moment or two Sarah followed. Keith shifted slightly in his chair as Mommy smiled at the girls like a laser. Her gaze followed them to the kitchen, until the door swung shut after them. Then she sagged slightly in her chair.
Customer reviews & ratings of American Standard 2740.202.020 Colony Bath Tub with Integral Apron, Dual Molded-In Armrests and Left-Hand Outlet, White are available from the merchant’s site, check it by click on the link below.
If all time exists at every moment in tandem with itself, or if we’re hooked up to a massive computer and all of this is just a dream, or if dinosaurs really never walked the earth, or if the planet in which I exist is just one big movie studio and you’re all working as guest stars, co-stars, series regulars and extras. By the way, if that’s true, and this is all just some elaborate hoax… Really nice work everyone. Truly. Though honestly, every once in a while some of you do seem a little fake.
But where does the openness end
Best wishes..
“Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword? Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.”
Dang. I knew I was going to cry.
I kept adding layers of Distress marker, black Promarker and water. I used Mustard Seed and Scattered Straw to color the stamps, and the Promarker to add shadows around them.
word window on edge of paper to make a narrow strip - NECK
There are a couple of problems with siege warfare if you are the one hiding in a castle:
Meals that use less energy to cook
No road warrior
What they discovered shocked everyone in the room.
Turns out it's a 'new' pattern among young Chinese girls inspired by their sexually enterprising girlie neighbours from Japan. It's euphemistically called 'compensated dating'. Or, what the rest of us would term 'transactional sex' – something that's been big in South Africa for quite some time. Read more...
REGISTRATION DEADLINE: Friday June 29th, 2012 (register early, limited space)
surrounding the class' FB page. Initially when I saw his name, I was shocked.
2 tablespoons steak sauce
(crowd cheers)
Christina Cretella
Anyway, I recently got a JustRite Stamps cling set called Vintage Oval Labels and had been wanting to find the right set of challenges to come along so I could make something with the set. The title of my post comes from one of the sentiments in the set "best friends forever". Those challenges arrived when I saw the current JustRite Friday challenge and the current color challenge from CR84FN. Because the JustRite challenge is a sketch and I had an idea as to what to do I thought everything would just fall into place, but it didn't. I struggled all afternoon and into the evening (taking a break to make dinner and watch my little guy do some "scootering" as he calls it) before I finally got a card I was reasonably happy with and here it is:
Despite having been "taking pictures" for years, I'm a far cry from what anyone would call a "photographer". To me, a photographer is someone who understands how cameras work, how to manipulate their surroundings and the light to capture a really great image. Who understand the art of intriguing photo composition. And who don't rely solely on the "auto" function of their point-and-shoot camera!
All the snapshots flickered towards an angry end
*same as in the dreams
Maintain a balance diet.
Said cottage was a tiny house that seems to be the rage among those who believe we are warming the planet with each exhale. I didn’t buy it because of that, but I recycle my Coors Light cans. My little contribution to the cause. Lately it’s been a hefty contribution. There was one bedroom in the back and a little bathroom, a walk-through kitchen, and a living area that I used as an office. Murrow usually sat in the window looking out at the beach with as much interest as I have in paying both of my mortgages. It’s not that I don’t want to pay. I can’t.
Eggplant
2. Get a dime. Stick it in the CD player.
Some of China's earliest inhabitants lived in the Xi'an area over a million years ago, migrating along the Yellow River, which today forms the eastern border of Shaanxi. At least 500,000 years ago, proto-human Lantian Man was living in the vicinity of modern Xi'an; you can see the fossil evidence at the Shaanxi History Museum. The Banpo Museum presents finding from a Stone Age village dating back to 4500 BC.
I want to go back there and grab some for me!
Father Oswalt was ordained a priest forever by Bishop Mark Pivarunas at Mount St. Michael in June of this year. Please enjoy the excerpt below (12 minutes of a 70 minute interview).
On your white-washed claim that
A case in point is smoking. This is the same example I use when I try to demonstrate to people, like my children for instance, the perils of lighting up. If you smoke, or have smoked at some point in your life, try to go back to that moment when you first held that cigarette in your hand and took the first puff. How did it feel? Nauseating, I think. You probably coughed like mad as well. But you did carry on. Why? Didn't that initial "experiment" put you off? Well, of course not, because all around you your mates were doing the same. Regardless of the discomfort, the teary eyes and the raspiness in their throats, they kept puffing at their roll-ups. To me this is typical of the social networking enviroment in which human beings thrive, but also it illustrates how it can lead to failure. Twenty or thirty years from that first cigarette some of your friends will be paying a visit to their GP to find out about that "dark cloud" in their lungs. Maybe you'll join them.
In closing, you gotta love a film that opens with its protagonist shooting a bunch of models posing on a motorcycle in striped socks mixed with shots of them walking the streets of Manhattan in a white leisure suit (which, I must say, looked amazing against Laura Gemser's skin). If only more movies had the wherewithal to start off like this, the film world would be a much sexier place, especially if the fabulous music of Nico Fidenco is playing on the film's killer soundtrack (the "Emanuelle in America Theme" is a sensational piece of music). But I'm afraid the art of titillation is dead. Topless women in thigh-high striped socks being photographed on motorcycles, their untamed swathes of hearty pubic hair mocking the shaving industry with every playful pelvic thrust, is no longer chic. Nothing is allowed to be sexy anymore. Sure, I could have done without the emasculating unpleasantness of the horse scene and the nipple slicing excesses of the snuff footage (the ending could have used some tweaking as well), but nothing beats the sight of a strong, sexually liberated woman traveling the world in designer threads and exposing wrongdoings at every turn.
Tour, but our and succour, four.
Then, on Saturday, we came home. It's always surreal coming back home after being away. The tap works the same way, the dishes are all in the right spots, and the bed is in the same state of dissaray it was when I last saw it, yet it all seems different somehow...
“Oh GB!” wailed Derek. “Something quite horrible happened last night and I feel so ashamed to talk about it.”
So its been almost a month since my last post…a couple of things happened that did my head in and i have had to deal with them. To say that im disappointed would be an understatement.
To fill the resulting empty spot in the laundry room, we bought some very pretty hanging hooks mounted on a decorative plaque. The best thing we found was a small white bench (complete with seat pad) and three cubical sized openings below, suitable for baskets, or just open storage for gardening shoes, rainboots, etc. It fit the open space perfectly and easily transformed the laundry room into a small "mud room" as well!
Go bravely into this new world. As you go, you will find that your awareness to your surroundings increases your understanding.
Sex or premarital sex is happening much more than conservatives think but it is not considered such a "dirty" thing any longer. Many couples live together before getting married, to test out their relationship.
3. Gradually add the oil in a thin trickle to begin with - adding only a few drops at a time - whisking continuously until mixture is thickened and stable. You can now add the remaining oil in a slow steady stream, still whisking continuously, ensuring the last addition had been properly emulsified before adding the next..
Here are some ideas for you to consider if you are having problems. Remember that your mortgage payment is by far the most important payment to keep current. Why, if you get behind with a mortgage payment of $1000.00 usually there is not likely that you will have $2000.00 next month to get it current. With that said, with my experience it would be more profitable for you to think about the other things you are paying that you might could do without to pay your mortgage.
8.) Kevin Watson - Also a big help with Wesleyan discipleship. Like Steve above, Kevin has a great book on the subject.
As you backstroke in the hotel's outdoor pool,
Within my reach
I suppose that could have been the end of my fondness for the arts – but it was actually the beginning. Whenever I am asked, ‘Who was the one person who inspired you the most to become an artist?’ – I think about her. If it would not have been for her pointing out how wrong I was for coloring my Poinsettia blue – I probably would not be an artist today… and not just any artist… but one who embraces Abstract! I love the freedom to paint from within without thinking about the right or wrong in the worldly sense. I don’t like to feel restricted to the norm when it comes to color, shape or form. I am always in awe when I can do a piece and then step back and look at the end result in an entirely different way than I saw it while working on it. The piece will take on its own meaning and life when I allow myself to free flow.
But first, the context. For my original post I was quite rightly taken to task by a reader in New Zealand for the way I presented the story. In a followup note my correspondent said this:
One of our goals is to use social media to hear from others who are not in our field. We used crowdsourcing to find our name, choose our logo and develop a launch strategy for “The Council.” We plan to reach out to people for many of our decisions and ideas as we move forward. We know this will make our projects better, and we hope that it will help others feel invested our work.
The packed courtroom sat in silence while Cline sat alone at her table, flipping through documents.
so, we spent a lot of time at home this weekend.
Dom DiMaggio - San Francisco Seals
It's a team approach, so there's a licensed Mental Health person, an Equine Specialist, and a horse or horses. The client (or clients) come in, are given a task (for instance, go get a horse and bring it over here), and the MH and ES step back and watch what happens. The MH person is watching the people, while the ES person watches the horses and looks for Shifts, Patterns, Uniqueness, Discrepancies, and/or Self-awareness.
“I don’t know. I want it to be better, but I don’t know. All I know is that they’ve offered me the job in Valentine.”
There are so many options to decorating a wreath with things you already have the possibilities are endless.
We waited for a moment for the air conditioner to dissipate the humidity clinging to us like cotton candy blankets.
“When is someone going to get 18th century on Islam’s mediaeval ass?” – Boris Johnson
Some snakes
ブッダ：なかなか厳しいでしょ？
Jack had an appointment with the allergy specialist this morning, which I knew would be a long session. I spent two hours entertaining three kids in a very small space, while one of them had quite a painful procedure done. He was extremely brave, and in the end it was all worth it - Jack's egg allergy has declined from severe to moderate over the last 12 months. Our beautiful paediatrician predicts that Jack has an 80% chance of growing out of his allergies completely in the next one or two years. To a mother who has monitored every mouthful consumed by her child for over five years, this was indeed music to the ears.
I also leave them alone at work, for the most part. I work in a barn, and part of my job is to clear down the spiderwebs in the rafters for two reasons: they are flammable, and the barn is an equine hospital. A hospital is no place for dust-catching spiderwebs. Besides, nobody wants to bring their beloved horse to a hospital that is blanketed in webs. So, believe me, in cases like that, I get it! However, the spiders that live outside of the barn remain unmolested.
I started by emptying out years and years worth of toiletries, first aid products and linens from the linen closet and all bathroom cupboards, drawers and counter tops. I placed them together in piles in a large area and I sat right in the middle of it all, with garbage bags in tow!
Everyone is working together to make the Olympic and Paralympic Games a great success, but there are some real issues employers need to start thinking about now. Your employees will fall largely into two groups:
At risk of sounding ungrateful
03 You Better You Bet
"Go. Come on. Now."
This is a line from one of the songs on the album. "Before you leave you write your name on a dirty paper cup". The song is about a boy and a girl on a hot summer afternoon in a park. The paper cup was the only thing he had on which to write his phone number. So it's a little love story. The reason why I picked this was so as not to give the listener too much clue as to what he should be expecting from the album.
Apart from Shaun Fox confirmed speakers are:
Two years ago, when the Department of Homeland Security allied with the Department of Health and Human Services to broadcast their History of Bioterrorism using Dish Network, Dr. Horowitz became outraged. Appalled by the “deadly propaganda” he viewed, he spent the next 6 months preparing a rebuttal titled, In Lies We Trust. In this feature-length documentary, he edited famous Hollywood film footage with critical commentaries to show how Americans are conditioned to accept new drugs and vaccines that poison and kill.
I’m not going to take for granted living in Granada, Spain.
I recommend always drying the flowers and flower bouquets you get.Don't throw them away! Once they are really starting to droop, just tie them together with string, and hang them upside down to dry from the ceiling or a hook or nail. Roses usually respond well to this treatment.
ME: "Yeah....uh....(pant pant)...this is just....(round and down) kinda funny and all.....ha (round and down) kinda like my recurring nightmare that uh....I've been having since I was a child."
From the Maverick House website:
Let me start by saying I am disabled and I have a hard time getting around – part of the reason is that I weigh somewhere around 500 pounds. I am actively working at losing weight but it is going to be a long, long process.
the freest country in the world -- you find free spirited slaves, free ranch chickens, free shots of wild turkey ....
It now measures approx 69cm square and weighs approx 376gms.
I got off the auto-rickshaw, pissed at the fucking driver’s insolence and he drove off. I decided to take a minute to cool down before waving down another rickshaw.
the way you know things in a dream,
I immediately thought, when the baby was “born”, I would call this life form “kanga-shrew”, which is sort of what it resembles. Or maybe a “gerbil-roo”.
