Luckily Mr Random.org picked the winner as I would still be here next week trying to decide who it should be lol!!!!
We got up at 10 this morning and the only thing I could think of was breakfast tacos and a big ol' coke. That patently NOT being a possibility here (God I'd KILL for some Jimmy Dean sausage) I made a breakfast casserole from a recipe by Rich's sister that encompasses the majority of the hangover foods I need: eggs, cheese, bacon and something starchy (croutons, in this case). Throw them all in a large casserole dish and bake for an hour, and serve with ketchup (yes, I am a ketchup on the eggs kinda gal) and it's almost like being home. We even had some Coke leftover from last night. I think of it as the Cholesterol Casserole with a sugar and caffeine chaser.
“We have been informed the SABC has not paid most of its creditors and soon the SABC will be liquidated,” said Hannes du Buisson, of the Broadcast, Electronic, Media and Allied Workers’ Union .
When I reached the catwalk that crossed to the production platform, I realized my slicker suit would fail 100% in a few more moments. The wind was blowing rain in from the sleeves, the legs and around my neck. As I started crossing, my steps slowed as I looked at the flame that now seemed twice as high. I glanced back; I was the only one going to put the fire out.
The similarities between BusRadio – which closed its doors last September after a four-year campaign by CCFC and Obligation, Inc. – and Bus-Ed-Safe-TV (BEST) are striking. Like BusRadio, BEST is claiming it will improve student behavior and touting its plan to air safety messages and PSAs in its pitch to school districts, while downplaying its commercial content. The Dallas Morning News is even reporting that BEST will have no commercials.
With the Rita's eastward track, they're considering just riding out the storm on the west side of Houston. Their house isn't in the mandatory evacuation area and should be reasonably safe if Houston catches the weak side of the hurricane. I think they'd be fine there provided they have enough food and water to last 3-4 days, which they apparently do.
Then they returned from the tomb and announced all these things to the eleven and to all the others.
Let me repeat that. A man. In his thirties. Goes into an abandoned building. And yells at ghosts. He tries to antagonize nothing. He will literally sit in an empty room, take off his shirt, and say something to the effect of
gothic buildings slant with pretty girls
I found out 3 days ago. It was a bit shocking. But I've managed to work through some of that initial panic. I got a book. I made some calls. I did some internet research. It's going to be just fine. I will rock a Barbie flipped ponytail (with a grosgrain bow of course) and I will power through it. I will hide my fear and embarrassment I will sacrifice for my child. He needs me to do this and so I will. What's the worst thing that can happen? I mean I have to wear a uniform shirt that likely says "COACH" on the back, but I mean ... oh NO...
While further down behind the
Cosmed was running a discount on DHC’s Eyelash Tonic, which I’m a huge fan of, so I stocked up! I also picked up the new Mentholatum Acnes Medicated BB Cream as I’m a big fan of their creamy white facial foam. The Vitacreme B12 is a backup of the one I bought from Japan earlier this year. I found it at a much cheaper price in Hong Kong so I really couldn’t resist. =)
b) Confused unintelligible language
And I have an extra layer of leggings on underneath the jeans to combat the cold. I'm pretending that is the reason why I look so chubby. What?! Let a girl have her dream!
Tomorrow we celebrate Mother's Day- since most have already made cards for their moms, the Our Daily Bread Design's Challenge Team wants you to use one of the photos to inspire your project this week. Please let us know which photo (by number) you used.
Tomorrow is Hubby's birthday so I tried out a new recipe for his cake. I made yellow cupcakes from scratch and milk chocolate ganache. I decided to let the ganache sit over night in the refrigerator and tomorrow morning I will beat it, turning it into Truffle Frosting. He is going to take the cupcakes to work (I have found that Hubby's colleagues are most appreciative of my baked goods) and hopefully they are a hit. (Will post pictures and reactions tomorrow evening.)
In this Alvin Ho book, Alvin gets in a horrible, terrible predicament. The truth of the matter is that his grandfather's best friend, Charlie, has died. In a rare moment of bravery he volunteers to go with his grandfather to the funeral. Almost from that very second he regrets it. But his grandfather seems so genuinely touched, so very pleased at Alvin's response, that he is too scared to say he's scared. The next day, in another rare moment--on the bus, I believe--he blurts out that he's going to a funeral and going to see a dead body. He never once says who. At least not that I can recall. But everyone assumes that his grandfather has died. And they tell the teacher who tells the principal who tells just about every other person at the school. So in a matter of hours, everyone has come together for Alvin and wants to honor his grandfather. So much so that they want to have a memorial service at the school the next day. Poor, poor couldn't-speak-up-at-school-to-save-his-life Alvin, he finds himself unable to say hey wait, he's not dead!
put a damper on your day)
Those sailors in our text were ready for their eyes were now set on that designated island. They were making preparations. The first thing to do was see how far from land they were located. It was night. The previous verse said it wasmidnight– the darkest hour. They were not there yet. Before reaching land there was more work to do. They had to determine their position. They had to get everyone ashore. They had to guard the prisoners. They were going to land in uncharted territory.
Preheat oven to 425. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Wash Sweet Potatoes and rub down with olive oil. Give them a good coat especially if you want to eat the skin, which is Mr. P's favorite. Sprinkle with sea salt. Bake in oven for 45minutes to an hour.
when you were young – running – loving – working together
In a large mixing bowl, lightly beat eggs. Add milk, water, oil and extract and whisk together. Sift or pour in cake mix and mix until well combined. Stir in sour cream. Fill pan with chocolate cake mix and bake for about 18-22 minutes or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
I squint. I 'yook' while trying to look muscular, in case this sleeping intruder is bigger than me. You know, I go into protective Mama Bear mode.
Then a couple of days later she did this book end version of the pose.
As for the religious, as long as I could get them to agree that all religion is based on faith and not fact or evidence then my battle would have been won. Only a very idle person will attempt to debate with someone who believes something just because they have “faith” that what they believe is true. Trust me when I say you won’t get anywhere with such an individual. You will patiently show them all the scientific proof for evolution, for example, and they will simply ridicule it, not because it’s not a scientific fact, or because it’s any more ridiculous than a man in the sky waving a magic wand and creating the universe, but merely because it is not compatible with what they already believe.
Do you have your spouse, significant other, and kids trained for an emergency?
In the piping days of 1938, the note was of controlled exuberance. Overcoats were cut lavishly and waisted neatly, something along the lines of a robe de style, shoes were gay and multi-coloured, jackets were immensely tucked and pleated and flounced: favourite shades for summer and winter alike ranged from lilac to vert pomme.
Deputy Commissioner of Police is busy defending the 21st Century Policing Plan…that managed to catch 20 ppl over the weekend for drunk driving and traffic offences. I wish we could get a Crime Plan that dealt with the issues plaguing our society in a multi-pronged way….sighhhhhhh.
The afternoon saw us back on the ferry to Islay, for our visit to Lagavulin, and even more drams. By this time I was getting a real taste for the malt, and was eagerly looking forward our next visits.
It soon becomes apparent that racial prejudices know no borders, and while Solomon works hard and begins to experience some newfound freedoms, he faces discrimination and segregation and lives with the ongoing fear of being caught by slavecatchers and dragged back to the South.
15:00 GMT: I phone a friend who works in ACI 2000, not far from Djicoroni. He says soldiers have been passing through the neighborhood on their way to attack the paratroopers’ base, and I can hear gunshots on the other end of the phone. There are still sporadic bursts of fire audible from my house in Badalabougou, still emanating from the northeast.
Happy.
The Chinese Military Defense is mobilizing their vast units of cloned female soldiers to send into Japan should further earthquakes leave Japan’s borders defenseless. The plan, we have learned, is for the Chinese government to take over all financial institutions within Japan and control all Yakuza territories in drugs, sex traffic, and political corruption, working with the Cabal to force Japan to succumb to the Federal Reserve Bank’s fiat money and Rockefeller/Rothschild rule.
I’ve never written about Australia. I have a few Facebook friends who come from Australia, but they aren’t that many. My friend, Belle, said she tweeted one of my posts, and she has lots of Australian friends. I wonder what else draws Australians to my blog.
satayxp posted on Hardwarezone forum:
The ’80/20 fun’ continued once I actually launched (I’m just over 3 weeks in at this point). The most critical pieces have been marketing (I didn’t get those 18 customers using magic) and product development / content. What that meant is I didn’t obsess over the product name or logo (funny side point: I purchased rights to use an image for $3, and that’s working out just fine as my make-shift logo for now). When I needed to record an audio file of myself, I used the software I already purchased (Skype call recorder), but it required me to Skype my cousin in Chicago and ask her to mute herself (whatever, it worked!).
“Did you try the special drinks?” Sarah Gentile, 29, asked Jennifer Yao, 31, referring to the colorfully named cocktails.
“I don’t know if I’m in love,” Ronan said, a wild feeling bubbled up inside him, “but even if Sundance wasn’t in the picture at all, say it was a witch like Wolfe, who you haven’t met yet, who helped me. I still don’t know if I could ever feel like I could trust her again with myself. Does that make sense?”
Y-axis diameter 0.03mm longer than the X-axis.
Wrinkled, dried face, which I lament.
And to the photographers at large
If one takes this simple wisdom towards every aspect in life, one can certainly experience a much more rewarding life. You earn the love you seek, the respect you cherish, the wealth you desire, the success you dream of and the lifestyle you aim. The only question you need to keep asking yourself is: What am I doing to earn what I desire?
Add the dry ingredients and mix gently, until it has mostly come together. Fold in the chocolate chips and make sure that they are distributed evenly through the dough.
.. like making sure we’re out the door each morning in time to get to school on time. Or .. navigating the increasing mood swings she’s having as she heads toward her tween years. (This will be fun to write about). Responding – or not to the occasional tantrum (of which we have not had one since that dreadful first night of spring break). Listening to her constant push for a later bedtime as she gets older and balancing that with her need to get enough sleep. Listening to her ask for anything that means more responsibility. Yet struggling with how some of the most basic things she needs to do and is reminded of, she can’t somehow seem to get done. Her being upset with me as I ask her to leave the cats alone and instead focus on her homework. Not allowing any talking back and providing appropriate consequences when she does. Keeping track of my jewelry, clothes or shoes ..as she can now fit into most of them… stuff like that.
The French investigators are also studying one of the invoices issued by Terasasi in August 2004 for 359,450 euro (RM1.44 million) sent to Thint Asia. For investigators, “it appears that… the amounts paid to Terasasi ultimately benefited Najib, the defence minister, or his adviser Razak Baginda.”
A few days ago
Eat, Pray, Love ~ by Elizabeth Gilbert (India, Italy, Indonesia)
Surprise, surprise. It wasn't fun at all.
I was so impressed with the customer service.
Me reaching for your outstretched hand.
Check out all that ooey gooey goodness!
Not that I am bitter.
Mercogliano demonstrates compellingly how institutions, over-structured schedules and "hyperconcern" are robbing children of their childhood, smothering their creative spark and "inner wildness." Exploring the life cycle from birth to adulthood, Mercogliano covers a lot of ground, taking into account history, biology, psychology, sociology, philosophy and literature, as well as plenty of anecdotes.Siblings Without Rivalry
When I put the budgie seed out in the morning my little Monty (the king) likes to hop from pot to pot and pick out the best bits before the others get wind that there is grub afoot.
If the stims aren't harmful, aren't self-injurious, then we ought to be careful in whether we address it. Chewing hair, like my Rosie does, is potentially a life-threatening behavior--so her hair is short. She sucks on clothes--potentially harmful, so we got her a chewelry necklace for her need to suck and chew on things. It isn't about shaming her or changing her, but redirecting her self-regulatory behaviors to something that will be soothing without being harmful.
So, this Easter, I wish all of you a day of light and dreams for the future, and knowing what seeds you want to plant in your lives as well as your gardens. Happy Easter everyone, and I hope the Easter bunny did get you a book or a treat, too!
Peter hung up the phone. The jet engine roared down the runway. Hamilton. The good doctor. A minion. Not one who believed in the cause, though. A minion by force, just like Horner. There were only a few of those who Peter kept a close eye on. They could ruin everything he’d worked so hard for. Everything his dad would have been so proud of. Men like Hamilton and Horner scared him, but he needed them—or guys like them. Hamilton was easy to dispose of. Dumb fuck should’ve realized his office would be wired. Horner was another story. Once the job was finished on the chemist’s end, Peter would feel much better when they’d gotten rid of him.
*life, as in, other stuff that needs prioritizing eg. God time, Husband time, and Children time. (the latter of which seems to consume most-of-time-available). Somewhere in there is a smidgen of 'me' time. This usually involves being yelled at by JM from the telly sometime between 7am and 8:30am and then between 4 and 6pms most weekdays you will find me pounding it out on the treadmill while watching Parenthood. In 3 weeks I am now up to Season 3. Love this place and how you can walk into a DVD shop/bike/hidden cupboard disguised as a shoe-cleaning stand..... and buy an entire series.
Mo - Alun Raglan
Me & Chris go very early on Sunday morning for 10 days to Italy.
Rudeboy: Does your biggest fault match your biggest virtue?
When you put the convenience of having all your supplements to hand as and when you need them together with one litre of water held within one device its easy to see why this particular shaker cup is not only a gym must have but will become a permanent feature of your gym bag, locker or work place.
Cannelini Stew
1. Color Blocking + Neutrals
Even believed - or the young woman did - that blacks were better lovers.
I want to argue and stand up for all sides.
Rep. Joe Sestak (D-PA) is now the Democrat nominee for the Senate seat held far too long by Arlen Specter. President Obama induced Specter to switch parties and give the Democrats their very temporary, 60 vote, filibuster-proof majority, in return for endorsing him for reelection and promising him no opposition in the Democrat primary. But Sestak had already announced that he was running for the seat, and he refused to get out. Two week ago, Sestak defeated the unprincipled, opportunistic Specter for the Democrat nomination, continuing the perfect string of everyone who Obama endorses and campaigns for going down to defeat.
Now in such places one is faced with a choice of 20 beers of various hues of brown and unusual aroma that you have never heard of and Paulaner Weissbier or Warsteiner. You can guess what I would opt for, but in the company of a bearded mate you might be pleased to note I necked some of the shed brewed obscure pong and didn’t gag. One or two I quite liked, but I’m buggared if I remember which ones.
The ultimate pain au chocolat, complete with French attitude.
There are, absolutely and without question, many, many places and situations in the world where religion is used as an excuse to hurt people. It’s used to divide, to exclude, to deny vital things to those who need them. And yes, large parts of religion are functionally immune to evidence, but if you think that makes it somehow unique – I’m an economist and I have a Laffer Curve to sell you.
as seems your oft frigid companionship to achieve.
Inside the government, he made the FBI look like an agency of bumblers who could not keep secrets. Outside the government, the FBI looked like a three-toed sloth, while a fleet-footed and fearless Washington Post was unearthing the truth.
Two days later, I received the appointment letter. G's my hero. We took a bath in wine. Now, it isn't only our teeth that are stained red.
"Going to school doesn’t mean not getting to know your own family. It doesn’t mean not becoming good friends with your siblings. But being unschooled means getting the chance to hang out with them all the time. To learn with them the way kids in school learn with their classmates. To learn with them in ways that classrooms can’t really ever encompass. Being unschooled means living together during the day as well as the evening and the winter as well as the summer. Not knowing that you’re supposed to be divided up into grade levels and younger kids are supposed to be boring and older kids are supposed to be off limits. Being unschooled means being in it together. Every day. And I am so thankful that I got the chance to be with my brothers like that."
So we left.
I had fun 'playing' with my new Canon G12. Now, I don't want the fun to end here and just like that. I want you to feel the fun too!
I thought it would be fun to post an "etsy shop tutorial" - after all, I must have learned something in 3 years, right?!
In reaction to the dual onslaughts of the web and the recession, they have abandoned all principles.
the first one to pick it up and it crawled onto my back, then my
Here’s one I did recently, which I yearned for on my bucket list and finally got to do, but not even by my own doing. I was lucky enough to go on a dinner cruise down the River Thames. Why was this on my bucket list? Because it was a yearning, a materialistic want and a feeling I never thought I’d experience.
Ilana-"Hugo, I'm looking out for your best interest...all of you! Nothing is more important than this. That thing is evil. And god help us if it ever leaves this Island...Because if it eve..."
Changkat Bukit Bintang, 17th March 2012 - Peteformation got an inviation to attend the biggest Guinness St. Patrick's Celebration in Asia. More than 10,000 (ten thousand) of revelers turned up to share 'the laughter side of life', the theme of the celebrations this year.............
parents, please don’t let your children go out wearing Geraldo Mustaches. Based on the facial hair alone, people could think they are attention-seeking, victim blaming, simple-minded idiots and in the worst case, hurl turtle shells at them
Photography – Gwen’s Photos North Liberty Iowa
Thanks to everyone who has purchased items from me. I realllly do appreciate it. Without you guys I wouldn't be able to buy all of these great things for my students.
Michelle is just telling people that Barack is NOT the 'Magic Negro'. He's a very smart and talented 'Negro'(sigh) - he's just not the ' Magic' one, so don't put that upon him when we're trying to tell you the truth.
"I'm glad you asked this question" Žižek said "I heard many argue with such logic. However, I believe that all resistance is against global capitalism and there's no such thing as the post-colonial case." Žižek gave the examples of Congo and Zimbabwe and said that regimes that claim to be anti-capitalist do not exist out of the global capitalist context. He referred to post-colonial studies and Homi Bhabha as 'bullshit' because he believes such frames consume us away from the real struggle; fighting the same oppressor. Žižek gave the example of post-colonial theorist Frantz Fanon and expressed his admiration for him as Fanon is an intellectual and a warrior against colonialism.
I found those cups at ACE Hardware about a month ago. I originally wanted to buy either mugs or tea cups, but I spotted these mugs/ice cream cups and thought that the colors were adorable and they would make great party favor for the tea party theme birthday party. Inside was a strawberry flavor tea bag, a tea-cup or tea-pot shaped lollipop, and some other candies.
So that’s what this blog is for. My fight to find again what I lost sight of, to cut my way though the jungle and find Cibola. My personal sandbox about writing and hopes and dreams and fighting for lost causes. And if you want to… come along and we’ll see what we can discover.
Peaseblossom! Cobweb! Moth! And Mustardseed!
Today, it's back to making those Christmas cards for the Merry Monday challenge. Lesley from over at Always Playing With Paper threw out this very simple sketch this week.
In order for me to tell you our good news, four things have to happen, all of which are beyond our control.
“Tell my son I love him very much,” the 47-year-old Hernandez said before being put to death. “God bless everybody. Continue to walk with God.”
When we find the chest of treasure unseen,
Torian Cadera +2 crit +10
As I fall into the oblivion.
requireshate: Aliette sez: “but really, when you’ve lived in a city your whole life, are you really going to pause and describe in minute detail every single fruit on the fruit-sellers’ stand?”
Here is the area of Kuechly game that sets him apart and is more advanced than any other linebacker prospect in the draft. Kuechly does an absolutely great job of diagnosing plays and information by reading his keys. Kuechly’s overall feel for the game is very good as he trusts his eyes and seems to always be around the football. Very rarely does Kuechly take false or mis-steps and he puts himself in great positions to make a play. Kuechly also displays very good discipline and is rarely fooled by play actions or mis-direction type plays. I absolutely love how smart and instinctual Kuechly is, as you can see from his play that he understands and see’s the entire field and play happening in front of him at an alarmingly fast rate. The game comes easy to him and his natural-born instincts are on full display when you watch him play. This one skill is perhaps the most important skill for linebackers to possess as it can make up for a lack of athleticism, which some have to come to question about Kuechly.
You can even blog our give away! (1 entry)
"Did you hear that?" David asked Daphne. The two of them sat in a row boat in the middle of the ocean. Well, it was David's interpretation of an ocean.
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Michelob Ultra
angelsdefendus@gmail.com
And the second thing, so often, is that there is a belief that prayers are only heard, that pleas and creation activities, designs, are only heard or acted upon part time, that sometimes we hear and sometimes we don’t, sometimes we answer and sometimes we don’t. That is not so. That is a very mistaken view. And let me tell you how this misconception has come to pass.
MPEP § 2173.05(e). According to the district court, § 2173.05(e) "only strengthens" the exclusively singular nature of "a pre-soaked fabric roll," because "the use of ‘said fabric roll’ implies that the prior reference to ‘a fabric roll’ should be read as a single roll, not one or more rolls, in order to avoid confusion." Initial Order, slip op. 7. To the contrary, MPEP § 2173.05(e) is inapposite because the limitations in claim 32 all relate to proper antecedent bases. Thus, the confusion or indefiniteness problem addressed by § 2173.05(e) does not arise in this claim.
“Properly planned vegan diets are healthy, nutritionally adequate and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of many diseases,” said Vandana Sheth, a registered dietitian and nutrition educator in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif., and a spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association.
We know we are not suppose to do this, but we all do it. Everyone of us is guilty of this. Our reading for today is from 1 Samuel 16. Here Samuel is sent to anoint the son of Jesse to be king. And so Samuel goes and sees the eldest son and thinks this must be the one. God tells Samuel, ‘Do not look on his appearance or on the height of his stature, because I have rejected him; for the Lord does not see as mortals see; they look on the outward appearance, but the Lord looks on the heart.’ God does not see as we see. He looks beyond the tattoos and the piercings. He looks past the sins of the past, the things that are worn on our sleeves, and what names us and tells society who we are. Interestingly one of the people I follow on Twitter said a few weeks ago that they were among the few who did not have a tattoo or piercing so they were rebelling against what society was accepting as normal. But what society sees as normal, the church has not accepted. And one could argue that as the church we are not to be like society. We are to be like God. Who does not judge people by their appearance, but by their heart. And if this is the case, why is it when David is finally brought in his description is “he was ruddy, and had beautiful eyes, and was handsome.” He had beautiful eyes, and was handsome… Now he was red in complexion. But he was handsome. Not really the person we were all envisioning when God tells us He looks on the heart. But that is where true beauty lies. You can be the most beautiful person in the world, but if you do not have love for neighbor in your heart, you will be ugly, and God sees what is truly in the heart.
I’m really not sure if I can give a better description of this book than the one already included on the back cover without giving away a lot of great plot points, so I’ll just recap that here:
It's about personal expression. We (including our kids) are free to speak as we will. People who are offended are free—no, welcome—to ask us to stop, just as I asked a drunk guy at the game to stop dropping F bombs around Emma (he did).
Bake for 25 minutes at 325 degrees. Do not brown.
Vegetarian...That eats chicken and fish.
I feel like giving up.
The modern manipulators are leading us into degeneracy through popular culture. In a recent TV series "I'm a Celebrity Get Me out of Here", simple people, described as Celebrities, were so degraded as to eat live worms and stick insects.
“That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,” said the Cat.
Have a great Sunday.
~Bonus ~
What the hell is happening to us?
In which case of course - as the Stronger Unions blog does - we must explain why rational employers understand the value of trade union organisation of the workforce (as their unwanted Poujadist cheerleaders of the "Taxpayers Alliance" do not).
-JV
I have come up with a bucket list below, to help keep me on track. I often tend to get obsessive about something and let everything else slip away. I guess it is part of my mild OCD, and I am trying to work on this.
Jonna Barnett Leather. I have been around horses a lot in my life and love the smell and feel of good leather. I started binding my own journals a few years ago after finding a nice piece of leather, but they are pretty plain jane. I have been wanting to get some leather stamps and do designs on the covers.
I will walk before the Lord, in the land of the living.
About the same time in Wrtg 3020, we were tasked with learning how to use iMovie. So by the end of the episode commentary project, I had hours of practice using it—so why not use it for a blog? Since I hate watching interminable videos in other people’s blogs (or rather, avoiding these kinds of blogs like the plague), I knew it had to be short—which very quickly set the parameters to physical comedy clips. Fortunately, The Office has a wealth of these, from bleeding nipples to staplers in jello. And while I loved the video I came up with, the academic part of my brain was very confused as to why I was submitting a video for a writing assignment. But the fact that Dalyn did accept it as a blog was good enough for me.
The Battman Video Game System! Not to be confused with the Ninntenndo or the Segga or the XXX Boxxx, this is the system that has it all. Two controllers, one game and a gun, so you can pull it on the store clerk and demand a better system. The Battman Video Game System: fully-endorsed by Arnold Schwarzenegger and Uma Thurman!
So, I guess the target audience here is ... what? ... horny basement geeks and slutty co-eds?
More about German culinary goodness in the next post!
Paper: Basic Grey Wisteria, SU Lavender Lace; White is unknown scrap
For about 1 minute. After about a minute I started to sweat and feel shaky and my heart was going wild and I was feeling just WRONG.
myspace.com/36crazyfists
Not much to say about these except that Ryann was a giant goober when she came home from MDO on Thursday. And does she or does she not look like she is about to cause a lot of trouble in the picture on the right? Goofy, goofy little girl.
*=Read the Amazon sample. You’ll be a little wiser if the writing doesn’t kill a few clumps of brain cells.
So in the event that anyone ever reads any of this and thinks the same thing about me, feel free to comment on it. But know that these comments are for my own record, and that I'm not selling myself or my services here. If you want recommendations on how to better get your point across without all of the distractions, or how to better market yourself or your books, just let me know. I'd be glad to help.
Have a nice weekend.
Love, Georgia xx
I've returned to Seattle a different person, as it should be, but thankfully my heart still sings in these streets. Paris is beautiful, but Seattle is cool. Paris looks perfect, Seattle rough around the edges. Paris is fantastic and exciting and I love her forever but Seattle is home.
Do any of y'all have a pair of Toms? I am debating whether I want to order a pair. I love love fashion and putting thing together, but I have to admit that I am not very hip. I don't pull off the newest and coolest trends like some of my friends. I don't have much of a hippish vibe at all, and it cracks me up because my twin sister is very hip, and into the young college grungy/stylish look. We borrow a lot of each other's stuff but we laugh because we NEVER have the same taste when we pick things out! But I feel like everyone wears Toms on campus, so I wouldn't really be an oddball. Haha.
i actually enjoyed this movie a lot. my sister and i found it both cute and adorable, and just all the little things that happened. although we were both annoyed that it was a little draggy at some parts, but still watched it through. my sister actually thought that p’Mario looked cute for the first time. xD anyways, both acting were good. n’Fern was a great actress and she seemed to fit the role nicely. i really like how she went from an ugly duckling to a beautiful swam as she grew older year after year.
7. Jam Session (musicians unknown) from The World Of Acid film soundtrack
MANY THANKS to those who have helped in the past, and cheers to those who are thinking about giving!
Shadow Claw
“I can honestly say we’ve seen as much, if not more, reform in states that didn’t get a nickel from us than states that did – it’s been fascinating.”
I played some golf on Friday at the local course here. Did nine holes and shot 4 over which was really good. The course was in remarkably good shape given all the rain of the previous week. Guess that sandy soil really worked.
I decided to start this blog for a couple reasons, the first of which being that I’m really enjoying writing lately. I’ve currently got another blog where I’m reading though the works of Stephen King and sharing my thoughts as I go (you can find that blog here if you would like to check it out). I’m really enjoying that blog; however the subject of it is a little single minded. It doesn’t give me a lot of room to express other aspects of my life. Also, as life progresses, the frequency of which I’ll be able to update that blog (based on time I have to read and the length of some of King’s novels) will start becoming less and less. Thus my hankering for writing will be fulfilled less often.
Hunger Games! I have to applaud the marketing job that was done for the release of this movie. Books and merchandising leading up the the actual movie was PHENOMENAL!
For the more involved (and more technically correct) story, a basic EPUB file consists of the following:
Please remember that these readings are for fun and entertainment purposes only and should not be taken at all seriously because I am not psychic and cannot foresee the future. It is also worth noting that your home is at risk if you do not keep up repayments on a mortgage or other loan secured on it.
The “general liberty of the people”, Hamilton argues in Federalist #78, “can be preserved in practice no other way than through” independent courts “whose duty it must be to declare all acts contrary to the manifest tenor of the Constitution void. Without this, all the reservations of particular rights or privileges would amount to nothing.”
Type 2: Semi-Organized:
Today, we discussed the events that are soon to transform your world. Big strides have been made, evidence collected, and organizations put in place. Time for action on a large scale is nearly upon us. Bless us all, and let these divinely ordained events manifest! Your time of freedom is at hand! Know, dear Ones, that the countless Supply and never-ending Prosperity of Heaven are indeed Yours! So Be It! Selamat Gajun! Selamat Ja! (Sirian for Be One! and Be in Joy!)l
3)I’m loving Northern Ireland. Its exactly what I thought it would be, maybe even better. I tried to keep it as down to Earth as possible when doing my research for relocating so I dug deep into everything bad I could find about it, so as to move within a certain margin of error so to speak. Its beautiful, safe, not as expensive as England or Scotland. It rains a lot of course, but it never gets that cold. This winter there was no snow in my area at all. Schools are great, great place to raise kids. Gun laws aren’t as bad as in the rest of UK, you can own handguns. Houses here are nicer than in England and Scotland, a bit more American without being cheesy and poorly built Mc Mansions for the most. I like how the urbanization is laid out. You have lustrous green countryside all over with mostly small towns and cities sprinkled evenly. Everything is surprisingly clean and tidy, people don’t litter as much as they do in USA, let alone South America cities which at times it looks like a dumpsters. Gasoline is very expensive, about 9 or 10 dollars a gallon! Thanks fully I don’t have to drive that much and it does help a lot that the country is relatively small, so in spite of the price difference if everything is 2 or 3 times closer compared to the distances you would have to drive in USA, the price of fuel has much less of an impact.
Today I had planned to go over there to get her, but alas my day did not go as planned. First of all, I was so tired that I overslept even with Kyle coming to check on me every 15 to 20 minutes. Then I remembered that I was supposed to get an oil change today and also that the exterminator was scheduled to come at 1pm. I checked my email and realized that I needed to update my credit card with the tollroad because it was about to expire so I brought my wallet upstairs. Then Kyle and I headed to the car wash to get the oil change. We went inside and waited for awhile at which point I reached into my purse and realized that I didn't have my wallet. I went and talked to the cashier and told her I didn't have it, but that I have my card number memorized so would it be okay if I just gave her that? She let me type it in and all was well. Then I realized that I didn't have any money to tip the people who clean out the inside of the car. More stress! I took Kyle to the bathroom and when we came out the car was sitting there unattended so I figured they may have tried to flag me down while we were in the restroom. I grabbed the keys off the tire, put Kyle in his seat and a lady walks over to me to tell me that the inside isn't done. I hand her the claim check and tell her it's okay, I need to go. So at least I didn't have to feel guilty since they didn't finish it, right? She did give me a look, but I kind of shrugged it off as I was running late for something. Then we headed to the grocery store. Luckily I remembered in the parking lot that I didn't have my wallet.
Round sentiment LOTV.
Whilst you are over at the forums don't forget to check out the other things we have going on.
In my head, my job has never been my number one priority. God, husband, kids, self, intentional family, and so on are the items floating back and forth, up and down in that top 5 bracket. But I was living my life as if my job was a top priority as well as keeping my heartfelt priorities at the top, too. No wonder I was so stressed and worn out and frustrated and cranky!
I have another fun card today from the digis at Bugaboo Stamps. This one is going to my cousin who has been a bit ill. I think she is going to giggle up a storm over this one.
Don’t get me wrong. Not all writers are like this. The dreaded ones are far enough between and thankfully seem to migrate to each other. Perhaps this is the only way they find praise. To the contrary, many authors I have come across will without a doubt find success one day if they haven’t yet. Legions of them have a talent that I will never in my wildest dreams begin to touch.
Bloodfest Fantastique festival dates are June 10 to 18, at the re-opened Art Deco cinema venue Memo at 88 Acland st St Kilda (behind the RSL).
For someone who loves to read, gift wrap a book. Here I’ve used brown mailing paper and a dried hydrangea. My absolute favorite book to give is Lydia Cassett Reading the Morning Paper by Harriet Scott Chessman. Inspired by five Mary Cassatt paintings of Cassatt’s older sister Lydia (who is dying of Bright’s disease), the book gives you insight into Lydia’s thoughts on how she feels about modeling for the paintings for Mary in Paris in the late 1870s. The five paintings, beautifully reproduced, appear at intervals in the book along with fascinating real-life figures that include Renoir and Degas.
Fur, Feathers, Claws, Tails....as long as it's an animal we'd love to see it!
Seeing that Peter Sellers released it in 1957 perhaps someone should have a word with Steptoe and Son and tell them that only last year music copyright laws were extended from fifty to seventy years… The Performing Rights Society might also take an interest as they’re pumping it out like a Radio 1 Roadshow.
And then I find myself with my true intention in taking that plant and that is to know love.
Border; Spellbinders Moroccan Accents die,
IN ISSUE 22...
Other than that we're doing well, my energy levels are coming back up and I'm looking forward to playing some bass this Sunday. Hope everyone is enjoying the holidays, I'm sure looking forward to that Christmas ham!!! Why is it always food with me? :)
We also now have information that Al Jazeera’s reporting was likewise restricted on the Bersih coverage. This means that the role of Astro is to draw the wool over Malaysian people’s eyes, not only about events in their own country but over what is being seen about their own country by the rest of the world!
Gai making his way down the stairs
The key of course lies in treating outsourcing as an ‘IT programme’, and maintain a formal ‘outsourcing programme office (OPO)’, aligned closely to the organisation’s project management office (PMO), creating a matrix structure that supports projects as well as the outsourcing programme.
160g raspberry jam – I used a different flavor, fruits de bois
Thompson moved up in the second round to the 51st position and selected defensive end Jerel Worthy from Michigan St. Most scouts held a first round grade on Michigan State’s Jerel Worthy because of the talent, immense upside, and disruptive style of play that he brought to the table. One of the most talented defensive linemen in this year’s draft, Worthy is an extremely inconsistent player whose motor runs hot and cold, and simply plays when he wants to play. A three-year starter with 38 career starts for the Spartans, Jerel produced 107 tackles, 27.5 tackles for loss, and 12 sacks throughout his career in East Lansing; the most productive season of his career came in 2010 during his sophomore year when he tallied 40 tackles, eight tackles for loss, and four sacks. Well-built with a very thick frame and great bulk for the position, Worthy has the long arms (33 inches) that you look for in addition to owning great natural strength. When his motor is running strong, Jerel can be as disruptive as any defensive tackle in the country, displaying good quickness off the ball with a violent punch at the point of attack. He has the strength and raw power to physically push the offensive lineman right off the ball and bullrush his way into the backfield. Worthy’s hand use is excellent, doing a great job of fighting off of blockers while displaying a pass rush repertoire that is far more advanced than you’d expect to see from an underclassman.
An added advantage of looking up for cricket toons are carried when there has been influencing from media, politician and industrialist to join board. That created tussle between board's members. It became a big issue of discussion for cricket fans, a great unifying force. When Indian and Pakistani players shake hands or slap each other's backs during or just after a cricket match is going on, so a lot of importance on cricket stats for Test cricket, one-day internationals, and first-class cricket are generally recorded separately. However, since Test matches are preferred more as compared to the cricket schedule india and you will find that, cricket fans just love all of this. Cricket fans keep players' spirit, hope and morale up through putting cricket wallpaper rises high among cricket lovers to express their views without any expertise. Any one attached with the cricket schedule 2005 or the pakistan cricket schedule, who cannot enjoy the cricket schedule 2005 of cricket forum.Well, for a long list of past cricket player who are no more or retired but they are still remembered for their amazing performances. New comers and aspiring youth dream to take pleasure of cricket history. It is only conscientious, earnest, and committed players like Sachin Tendulkar who have created records and broken records.
The My Baby Clothes Boutique customer service team is available to handle your questions and concerns. Feel free to email or call them to ask any questions or place orders.
The number of unemployed workers across the region rose by 169,000 to a total of 17.365 million, Eurostat said.
Towards the end of last season, the New York Rangers called up one of their prospects, and most Ranger fans were anxious to see him being given a shot. Unfortunately, Dale Weise did not get a chance to see live action, but he did get the idea of what being a Ranger is all about.
Luke: "Ummm. No. I don't think so."
Red lines: Former French President Jacques Chirac stood up for 'strategic' companies
Now it seems that JYP has followed up on their warning after the netizens failed to show any sign of stopping the harrassing tweets, and now JYPE have filed a lawsuit against the netizen.
“Would you,” she says. “That’s interesting.”
Some employers have reacted by deleting the current or recent employment requirement from their job ads. Others probably will. All this means, I think, is that the screening will go on in other ways.
And that is my goal for self!
Cassidy Rain’s heritage is important to her, and she is grounded in it. She is also a photographer and little sister and sci fi fan. She’s a real girl, so to speak.
My eyes well up with tears as I listen to my shipwrecked son in law humming while he attempts to fix our washer that flooded the powder room last night, and the dryer that has been squawking loudly for the last few months! He'd planned to go to the beach today and enjoy the last little bit of summer heat we've had. Instead this amazing good natured man with the tenacity of ten hums as he works at repairing our appliances. Trapped in a tiny powder room, soaked in perspiration with only a dew rag to saturate the rolling sweat!
Finally, we got our entrée: Chicken Vindaloo! Beautifully cooked chicken smothered in a spicy tomato sauce that had just the right amount of kick to it (of course, we like it pretty spicy). Chunks of potato were mixed in, too, giving this dish some nice contrast. We poured this on top of the rice they gave us and, once again, we were in nirvana with Lord Ganesh by our side. With the Vindaloo, we also ordered the garlic spinach–a light and creamy puree mixed in with cumin and other spices. Kristien dipped the hell out of everything in sight into the cucumber yogurt side which was cool, refreshing, and oh so cucumbery. Last of all, we enjoyed the walnut and raisin naan. The naan was baked so well and came out crispy, yet doughy. The walnut taste was great and took over the dish, but we wanted more raisins to balance things out.
2010.07.25 Yemen Shabwa 6 0 Six soldiers sitting in a car are machine-gunned to death by al-Qaeda at point-blank range.
Mon - Web Publishing - 8.30-11.20 - Abbotsford
How could any human being fail to heed those cries? They were afraid the boats would be swamped by people in the water.
One of the empty shells popped out. The other remained stuck in the shotgun’s chamber. Xu Guan flicked it out with a fingernail and replaced the two empty shells with two more like them. Xu Guan had never seen 00 Buckshot before, but he liked its effects at relatively close range. One of the men was still screaming but the other was deathly silent.
Add chicken stock and water to the pot and bring to a boil. Add pasta and simmer for five minutes. Add the meatballs and beans and continue simmering another eight minutes or until meatballs are heated through. Mix in lemon juice, black pepper, and more salt, to taste. Ladle into bowls and top with Parmesan.
(I did, actually. I remember crying in the Skateworld bathroom because I couldn't do the one maneuver that would have advanced me into the FOUR star class. Whatever. THREE star was cool, too.)
Cycling to the airport in Copenhagen is a real dream. One has choice of routes with cycling infrastructure to choose from. Cycling on the airport property is very pleasant with good quality bike path running the length. . It is only a 10-km. bike ride to the airport on flat terrain.
This has nothing to do with tongues or any supernatural physical phenomenon. We see this confirmed in Ephesians 2:18.
Time to drop the puck!
On a couple of occasions recently I have encountered this life after death, and the outcomes of those meetings have changed the way I look at where our duty as physicians ends.
The show instilled a sense of imagination in me, with its time traveling (past, present and future) glimpses of parallel worlds, and houses with secret rooms and passageways. Around every corner there existed witches, warlocks, werewolves, mad scientists and ghosts. All in a never never land somewhere in Maine.
I'm so pleased to announce that my dear friends Suzanne and Amy (Suzanne owns Lucketts & they both own the Design House jointly) have just opened Lucketts Online Shop!!
......and the shadows will fall behind you. That is such a beautiful sentiment. This week I am playing along with the Moxie Fab World Tuesday Trigger, and here this weeks inspiration picture:
No, wait, I take that back. I understand a lot of the bad reviews on Amazon, because that's a site where people go to think about directly and immediately purchasing a book. And reveiws on Amazon may affect whether or not one buys a book. I read those customer reveiws. And if there are a lot of bad reviews, I won't buy the book. Because, whether this is accurate or not, I think of Amazon reviewers as people like me: people who love books and love to read and don't want to spend their hard earned cash on a bad book, and when they do, they want to make sure others don't make the same mistake.
Finally, to protect it, go over it one more with a coat of gel medium. And voila. Homemade DIY canvas's.
R and I got engaged on April 10th, 2010 during what I thought was a party to commemorate both of us getting new jobs/promotions. We were calling it a Career Year Party, because we are both having a "Career Year!" (See, I have been hectic and busy!)
You come to a point that you are so physically and emotionally exhausted that you believe the lies!
“Then he planned it on his own, knowing what kind of chaos it would incite.”
Let’s hope, then, that the emphasis will begin to change, and we will soon hear why these two thinkers think the state is A Good Thing, to be cultivated and ultimately defended, against both apathy and the attacks of those whose only positive word for the state is the extent to which it can deliver their own anti-state agenda.
I went away for a weekend with my friends during that time and I remember distinctly how much I was dreading – literally dreading – going back home.
Because we make these thoughts and we want them
But that bit was cut.
"It sure is--" My heart stops beating."*$%^ almost slipped there," I said. "Oh we're getting low on gas..."
Enjoy. And stay tuned to The Knight’s Lance tomorrow for a sneak preview of 2011-12 Past & Present Basketball’s Raining 3s insert, another technology-tinged beauty that must be seen — and, ultimately, touched — to be appreciated.
Thankfully, the plot takes off as we hit Trinidad and Guyana, and Hamilton’s extensive world travel and knack for detail becomes a huge asset. I feel like I was in Port of Spain and Georgetown myself. The heat, the architecture, the smells, the dangers, and the local corruption: it’s all incredibly real. I’ve never read anything set in Guyana, and it was so intriguing to experience this part of the story, not to mention watching Ava’s brilliantly cool handling of the situation slip away from her as things start to go very wrong.
I tried to call back but got funneled through to voice mail and gave up, only to find that they had left me a message. I felt distinctly uneasy -- why are they calling me today, my appointment's not until Tuesday, they wouldn't be reminding me so soon, so there must be some news...
Of Stephenson I have actually only read Snow Crash and Anathem. So I guess I have a very spotty insight into his career at his earliest and latest. Anathem was an interesting departure, and really shows off how Stephenson’s themes have evolved. He creates a very rich world with really indepth dynamics, and a lot of higher minded stuff that makes you think. I enjoyed it overall. Many of his other books sound really fascinating, but they are on that other pile of shame.
It is a struggle to try to become a true muslimah. I know that cos I, myself, am always struggling …. some of us I know, wear the tudungs but daily prayers are still not 100% good, some have problems with their characters …. but whatever it is, no matter what all these reasons should not be allowed to prevent us from doing what we need to do …. and covering oneself should be the easiest among the hukums that we have to do cos its a matter of outward look. So why the hesitation and problems?
Thanks John.
Deanna Sellyeh – I grew up in Whitehorse and kids in the Yukon spend a lot of time building forts in the bush. In the winter (which was most of the year) we'd build snow forts. I'd carefully extract sheets of ice off the windshield of my dad's car which I would inset into the walls of my fort to create ice windows. It would be dark by the time school let out, so we'd put candles inside to light up the snowy interior all blue and gold. We'd make furniture out of wood or snow and rig up an alarm system with string and a bear bell. I think all kids play like that when they are young but some people stop when they get older...I don't know why.
Maybe Ireland's church has been
Store in airtight container at room temperature up to 1 month.
I started writing this post early last night and although EVERYTHING has changed in the last 18 hours, I am posting it all for records sake.
It is animal hats!
When I first started my medical career, the management of terminally ill patients who were in pain involved using a concoction known as a Brompton Cocktail! This was a mixture that had been around for decades, just like "Mixt Abominatum" that was used as a Tonic. Mixt Abominatum relied on the well known medical adage that if it tasted foul, then it must be doing you some good. Nowadays, things have happily moved on.
It worked fabulously! Obviously paint would be an easier medium to use when trying to achieve the ombre effect, simply because you can mix the paint. But the stamp pad we used that day had a gradient of colors so it worked pretty well. I decided to make another one that I could put in Ryann's room, and so I could share our little project. It didn't work out quite as well, because the colors don't really blend the best (and I grabbed the cheapest ink I could find, maybe don't do that...), but it is still cute and still incredibly easy. Here is a quick play by play in pictures...
“This is my last election,” Obama told outgoing Russian President Dmitri Medvedev last month as reporters entered the room to hear a joint statement. “After my election, I’ll have more flexibility” in negotiating curbs on American anti-missile defenses, Obama told Medvedev, who is soon to replaced by his former boss, Vladimir Putin. (SEE ALSO: Obama defends hot mic gaffe)
it’s really just a mask; Your call to think of them as pretty.
106 3. “Preliminary Reflection on the Pentagon Papers.” University of Chicago Magazine, January-February 1972, pp. 2-11. Reprinted in Congressional Record, vol. 118, pp. 24990-24995; Daily Record, pp. S11560-S11565 (July 24, 1972); and, in part, in The Journal: Forum for Contemporary History, June-July 1972, pp. 31-33. See Item B-1, above.
On the flip side, after discovering the whole breech thing the other day, I found myself thanking my lucky stars that these have only been practice rounds and not The Big Show. The doctor explained all of the risks and concerns and percentages of carrying breech at this point ...yada, yada, yada... which I hadn't even bothered reading about in the baby books, because the chances of it happening to us were, like, nil. Basically, we won the lotto. If the lotto was an upside down cake in the form of a fetus. With man parts. Anyway. He told me that this is a game changer, and that should I go into labor, I need to ixnay my original plan of watching Jersey Shore reruns for six or seven hours before going to the hospital. Not even six or seven minutes, not even the opening where JWoww talks about ripping heads off of the men that she sleeps with.
He told him that he will always be grateful for his kindness but he will try to pick up the pieces of his life, or of what’s left in Lubao. And that he can never leave his family behind.
He feels
In a fit of optimism and downright defiance, I planted my first seeds.
My fave? The treetopper....I love that.
In the inter-war years EMKK brought modern art to the streets and tunnels of London and a smile to commuters' faces.
In truth, blacks do not enjoy the security of whites, who often live and work in enclaves with electric fences and high walls.
- Going out at night to avoid the sun
It’s terrifically tempting to do an extra drive across the lower City of Hamilton (a nice flat uninterrupted run in many spots, particularly Cannon Street). This would get me a few miles of “zero” consumption: running the car at speed, and only “feathering” the accelerator enough to keep the electric motor turning the wheels without actually drawing any gas. The unfortunate reality is that there is always a stop light, braking for another vehicle, or other reason for minor slowdowns and the subsequent need to push on the accelerator again and get back up to “cruising” speed.
There was some film footage on a television in one of the rooms, showing Renoir in his 70s, painting. He was wheelchair bound with severe arthritis by then, his hand completely bent over, finger-tips to wrist. But he still went on working. I loved that he would ask his house maids to strip off and model for him, perhaps this explains his work ethic.
We have come to know that despite the suspension of the green clearance, the state government may still resume land acquisition in June. We will oppose any such move tooth and nail.
Me: Why would anyone want to buy a laminator and use it at home?
With Tết just around the corner, it's time to fire up the stove and start pumping out sweet munchies! Bánh Tổ is a must have for Tết. There's no better time then now to fine tune your banana leaf mold making skills. The recipe for Bánh Tổ can be found here. Instead of steaming the cakes in rice bowls, the batter is steamed in banana leaf molds. Don't have time? The molds can be make in advance and stored in the fridge. Ready? Set? Let's do this!
I've
I still have a few in my basement and to my surprise they are aging extremely well: I think the grassy notes have faded just a bit but the rest of the fresh hop sensation remains. A fitting end to the season.
And then we were in the middle of town. Sort of. One of the interesting things about Herblay (which I wasn't allowed to go on, because it was late by this point, but I'm promised we can go back) is that it still runs a ferry across the river to an island where plants for Paris' public gardens are... incubated? Whatever the plant-version is. And, at weekends, people can use the ferry, for free, as part of some local rights of passage that have existed since medieval times. I want to exercise my medieval rights!
Plus.... Fun! It will just be fun!
Growing up, my maternal gradparents lived on an adjoining property and I was raised with all things Scottish, aunts, uncles and ten cousins----there never needed to be an excuse for the whole family to get together at my granparents house, which often spilled over into our yard.
Set: Vampire Clan Living Room – The Elegant Goth /Designer- by Deja Letov
I was 16 when a classmate asked me a very important question: Where was I going to go tanning in order to get ready for prom?
by dannett frey on 05/07/10
Ceri knows that she and Euan are alike in some deep way. They share a longing for the sea - but is there more to it than that? Ceri is haunted by legends of the silkies who inhabit the seas around Scotland. She begins to guess at a secret that seems unbelievable until one night when Ruth gives her something extraordinary to keep safe for her.
So now more about the clubs. They will be pattern only, and I am working on a secret plan with a few chosen outlets to provide kit options for the lace club, since many people enjoy receiving a club package that includes pattern, yarn and lovely beads too.
If you don't know the answer to these questions, ask them! It makes for great conversation and by finding out the way that they view your role as a parent, you may discover areas in which you lack joy.
“I’ll be a little more prepared next time, in terms of not positioning myself where there’s a blind spot,” he said. “It was a freak thing. And an unforgettable thing.”
I received my print within 6 days (they had said it could take 14-21days) and it arrived in a very sturdy tube.
I'm reminded of the ending to The Matrix Reloaded, where Neo encounters the Architect. Granted, the Architect represents heavy-handed philosophical wankery of the most poserish and pedantic caliber. The star child doesn't. However, the brevity of the scene is simply too short. The star child insists that organics have choice, "more than they deserve," and then puts the decision regarding how to deal with the Reapers in Shepard's hands. Therein is the thread that the designers needed to expand--the moral authority that the star child represents and the implications as to where the star child, the Catalyst, gets his morality.
Oy, it’s Sunday already. Time to start the week and think about menus for the next few days.
Of course, as mentioned earlier in this communication each and every soul, awakened or unawakened, is experiencing this ascension as it simply cannot be any other way; as long as one Lives on this world, on the surface of dear beautiful Gaia, one will be subject to and apart of the various continual energy movements that take place in Gaia’s core and on Gaia’s surface and believe us, ascension is quite included in these energetic movements for the energetic movements are what are bringing ascension to you in ever purer and more clear forms.
Here are a few things that I learned last night-
Today, Authors Electric is delighted, and honoured, to bring you a guest blog from American indie author, Terri Giuliano Long, who offers all indie-authors valuable advice based on experience.
It's so hard to remember that life continues to roll on when someone else's life is suspended in this terrible cloud of tragedy. I scroll through status updates on Facebook and am reminded to count my blessings because someone else tragedy reminds me of how many blessings I have in my life and that I can overlook the little things that annoy or concern or even anger me.
R2-4- ch1, sc in sm sp as join, sc in each sc, join (14)
Trainer: Richard Rowe Jockey: Andrew Thornton Breeder: Olivier Tricot
I hope the sun is out where you are, it's a lovely day here in the North East of the UK. Officially Spring has sprung here in the UK as the clocks went forward so 'Just Because' it's SO nice here I have enjoyed it!
COINCIDENCES: I just bought a cigar box ($1) for storage the week before watching this movie, where the main character used a cigar box for storage.
stage an ob/gyn.
217 2. “Allan Bloom and Race Relations in the United States.” Robert L. Stone, ed., Essays on "The Closing of the American Mind" (Chicago: Chicago Review Press, 1989), pp. 225-34. (Source: Item D-VI/10/1988, below.) See, also, Item C-1988(1), above, Items D-X/27/1991 and D-IV/18(A)/1993, below..
Are you aware that Not A Real Organization is now looking for a cure for Book-Worm’s Disease?
I’ve been so good about remembering to bring the camera with me whenever we go out. Whether we’re playing in the back yard, or going for a walk, it’s perpetually on my list of things to bring along:
“No, just count on me as your driver until this is over,” Mr. Bowen said.
they only did that in exchange for lower taxes
"Anyway, your mum will be waiting for you, you best get going."
He went on to become, amongst many other accomplishments, a member of the Instition of Civil Engineers, the Instition of Mechanical Engineers, the Instition of Naval Archtiects, a Mayor of Newcastle(twice) and received a knighthood in 1887.
Live on a farm
By the time I was in high school I was an avid reader but had not read any of the books to accompany these favorite movies. I still loved things that were old and fell head over heels for the Bronte sisters. I had read almost all of the books from Mr. Cartegena, but Emma still sat unread.
What is interesting is that Cotrell and Wanta were deeply involved in the cloning program in Russia, underground the city of Valdivostok, known as Project Cossack, where clones were grown at the original’s spinal column and removed after reaching two inches, where they were put into vats to completion of growth. The Fuldord Clone hints at this, putting this out-of-context passage in his “letter” about “me”:
This is another reason why a one-party closed system that formulates ideas on research based on an old time frame gets falsified more often than just on scientific advancements. Creation scientists with many years of research field experience and PHDs were way ahead of this discovery made by secular scientists with their PHDs. It’s funny how the secular scientists act like it’s so new, again they are afraid that it will turn the public more away from evolution and their funding dollars. Let’s rejoice! It’s a great day for creationism!
I wanted to quote the passage that annoyed me so much to see if anybody else took it the same way I did, however, as this is a review copy I'll have to wait to see the finished book to see if that passage made it in. I really hope it didn't. Anyway, I'll move on from the bad now and go ahead and focus on the good.
3 LA Lakers vs. 6 Nuggets, Lakers win series 4-1.
After going back and forth about purchasing an e-reader, I finally settled on a Kindle Touch. As a student, I have been purchasing my college textbooks from Amazon.com for the last 7 years, on an Amazon.com credit card, which had enough points to cover half of the Kindle.
Since our food is so nutritionally depleted these days, there is no getting away from taking vitamin and mineral supplements to help get the nutrition that is needed. If we supplement our children’s diet they will be brighter, happier and have less weight issues. Instead of a generation dependent on antidepressants or ADHD medicine to feel normal, let thy food be thy medicine…Hypocrates.
some things are only proven over time?
We wonder what the police officers who have been used as the excuse to make such profits out of think?
Okay, so onto our second dilemma. He says he has 7 acceptances, but 5 are from self-publishers. Am I to take it to mean that he has two offers from legitimate commercial publishers, but he's still trying to figure out who to trust among the self-publishing firms? Sorry, I don't buy it. I just plain don't.
Put the garlic clove and dill into a clean jar, then squash in as many gherkins as you can. The liquid will
“Another time I went to a really boring movie with a guy and while I was asleep he tried to pull out one of my teeth. I literally woke up with his hand in my mouth. We went out a couple times after that but then he got weird.”
Welcome to the team, Shirley! Now, let's get to this week's challenge. Today is April 1st...already. Can you believe it? Well, since this challenge falls on April Fool's Day AND this month is the 36th anniversary of "Humor Month", I though it would be fun to share some smiles here at the Paper Players this week, with a Theme Challenge:
now haunts her broken soul
Most mornings of my married life, my husband has been the first to awaken. I hear him puttering around and usually manage to catch a bit more sleep. Somehow my brain knows to really wake up either when I hear him in the shower, or smell the coffee brewing. Then I get up, fix his lunch, see him off, and have some time to myself before I need to start waking the kids up.
First of all, the volunteer coordinator wasn’t there. He had the wrong Saturday in his calendar for me, but I found out where the geriatric psych ward was, and I went upstairs, on the off chance he was there waiting for me. The recreational therapist was surprised to see me, said she was expecting me next Saturday. I told her I think there’s been a mix-up. She said yah, I think so. She already had someone lined up for the day, a pet therapist.
In other news, the book is off to print! It was challenging 9+ months of work, but the final result will be worth while. Remember to stop buy Amazon to reserve your copy if you haven't already (the Amazon page will be updated shortly with the final cover, and sample pages will also be up in the near future at both Design Studio Press and various contributor's webpages).
Yet though the Sacrifice of Mass be of its own nature infinitely satisfactory for the punishment due to sin, nevertheless the quantity of the application is greater or lesser, according to the greater or smaller disposition of them for whom it is offered, or of them that are only present at it; it is what the word of the sacred Canon teaches; “whole faith and devotion is known to thee for whom we offer, and who offers unto thee.”
The sum of all energies remain the same, from the time of creation until its eventual end. However, although the value remains, energy can change form. Water turns into vapor when heated, wood into fire, electric converted into kinetic energy, and so on.
Transistorized Servo Amplifier, Service and Maintenance Instructions
where shuold I start? How should I explain all these mixed feelings? How do I arrange such messy thoughts?
Although they got there at noon to start cooking, the kids and I didn't get there until 4:00 when the shindig kicked off, let me tell you that it was no less than one hundred degrees. I feel sorry for the boys who were standing over the grills all day!
However, it is not only in isolated dictatorships or behind totalitarian iron curtains where governments deliberately, and persistently, lie to their public. Most Western European governments lie to their electorate on many issues and particularly on the subjects of immigration and race relations, and amongst the worst offenders, supported by a politically biased media, has been the governments of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of all political shades.
9:30 – American Dad! (Fox): Roger’s alter ego “Ricky Spanish,” the most hated man in town, resurfaces. Meanwhile, Stan and Francine get a surprise visit from the African child they sponsor. No thanks.
I understand why they intend to question/remove all preconceived notions of faith, history, tradition and replace these with a rugged mind able dissect and interpret ancient texts and bits of broken pottery, to simply conclude in the end that it actually means very little and whatever it might mean, we can’t even agree on that.
Tenuous Webs
I won't lie: most of these posts are not fit to write, let alone to display anywhere that is public. Many are rants, mostly about the economy, the culture, money, idealism, unreal expectations, and men in general. Those are the posts that I think about, plan half-heartedly, and then toss out. Nothing good will come of putting those thoughts on virtual paper.
Popular culture does not have to be destructive: we must revive local fairs and festivals and renew Folk music traditions by expressing contemporary meanings through traditional forms. Bob Dylan did this - “A Hard Rain’s-A gonna fall” is based in the Border Ballad Lord Randall. (1) His anthem for the new age in 1965 “The Times They Are - Changing” used traditional balladic language and was carried by the tune of “Irish Rover” but expressed contemporary matter.
Necklace, self made due to extreme nerdiness
This is not a Canada vs. the World view (although technically it could be). What I mean by this breakdown is this; that anybody has the ability to make locally connected people laugh. That you can make co-workers laugh, friends and family as well. The main reason is that you share a history. If you work in the food-service industry you can make light of a situation that does not require a set-up amongst other like-employed people. That is local comedy, you have that base of knowledge, or common language to reference. To that end I’m pretty sure that Stephen Hawking might be one funny dude, except that only about nine other people will get his jokes.
you get what you expect to get!so by giving you are
Heard the hatred
They are all steeped in the false mythology of western medicine and its drugs-pushing, profit-seeking agenda which includes the mass vaccination of the population.
It was minutes before I could move. I was literally and figuratively drained. When I lifted my head to see her face I realized it had been more than an hour since I had looked at her. I had literally given myself over to her and withdrew into my own euphoric orgasmic haze. Despite the very late hour her face showed her amazement and joy at what she had just done and what she just saw me do.
We went back to the hotel to check out and freshen up. Then we were off to the next place which, to our knowledge, was not particularly renowned for anything. We however sat down and ordered kuay teow th’ng, loh bak, ais kacang and cendol. An old man came by our table selling otak-otak and we were quick to reject. However he went to the other tables and that was when my friends had second thoughts and decided to order one from him. We had no regrets! I am not a fan of the stuff but I too thought that it was quite tasty!
"Bartley proves to be an accomplished songwriter, with a restful voice that lulls its way into the mind and heart." Allmusic.com.
Mother’s Day is coming up… How great would it be to give mom something healthy this year? Plus, fruit is so much tastier than flowers. Just sayin’.
Food isn’t distributed. This happens either because there is no transportation infrastructure (bad), or the local leader deliberately withholds the supplies to starve people into submission (worse).
Still here I sit in the only gated Navy Housing community in the world, surrounded by the most beautiful coral reefs, amazing view of the bay, great friends, a supporting husband and three other children to mold and still my heart aches for the one I can't reach. I'll be fine and he will too but I wont deny myself the occasional sadness or tears that come when I miss my children.
1 diagrams
12-13-2011
Director, American Homebrewers Association
There is little wonder that our nation has been dilatory in the adoption of such technology. While there are numerous out there who deem it as the motoring solution for the future, there are still many who are sceptical about the idea. Inevitably, the question in mind is the maturity of the technology – safety, usability, and how it can suffice our needs, and more than often our wants – think of a sub-4 seconds supercar that runs on invisible charges.
19. Jump Lester Jump
How did it start, this belief that Black Africa would eventually grow, prosper and blossom?
Social Work, and Theatre.
and eventually walls
Miranda’s shaky relationship with her grandmother seemed true to life. And, Miranda’s actions (as a teenager living with her grandmother) also seemed fairly realistic. I could see glimpses of my past self in her, at times.
All in all, I fear we are stuck with this stupid tax rise. The best we can do is to gird our collective loins for action about any further duty increases.
Third, there’s lots of other things that good mothers do that I don’t do. I’m not saying I’m bad at the other stuff. It’s just that, on a weekend when Zi is with me, I’m not doing the colouring, spelling, word/picture recognition, building-blocks, baby puzzles, make-believe, stacking toy, tricycle riding, running around and other activities that one should do as part of stimulating learning. Mostly, I just hang out with her and leave the serious socialisation to her grandmother. I’m just too tired. I feel guilty about it, like a sloth in a room of tiger moms, but I’m too tired for the guilt to translate into much action.
Basically, this is a good representation of spring in our section of Wisconsin. The Mississippi River opens up and the sand bars warm so we can enjoy a picnic while watching the dragonflies hatch. Did you know that the favorite food of a dragonfly or damselfly is mosquitoes?!!
We went to Wal Mart to get shotgun shells
“Neil Dawson investigates the apparent suicide of his Father in the latest disturbing tale from Steve Mosby”
But first, I need to show you how I mask with digital stamps.
Since capital punishment was reintroduced in the U.S. in 1976, 1,290 people have been executed – with Texas leading the sway with 481 executions. 3,199 are presently death row in America’s prisons. This year twelve executions have taken place across the country, a steadily declining number since the highpoint in 1999, when 98 executions took place.
Dialing in on the hatch is often the different between an average day and an outstanding day.The spring wind has been the major headache for the dry fly fishers, but if you are patient enough to wait out the gusts there has been some quality dry fly fishing to be had as well.
We've had two LL Baseball practices and one batting cage practice in just the last week. And those first two practices were coooooooooooold. Really cold. Windy and snow flurries and one after dark. But as I sat in my car watching the boys practice under the lights - I got a warm fuzzy feeling. (no, I did not have the heat cranked nor did I . . well, nevermind)
Another decision! And this one REALLY troubled me. Not only did I have the pressure of the attendant staring at me - waiting for a response, but I also had the dilemma of not really wanting either of those choices. I didn't want plain-old tomato juice, and I didn't want tomato juice on steroids! I wanted something in-between.
Firstly let’s rid ourselves of the ridiculous notion that there is no smoke without fire. How many newspaper retractions do we see? What closed the News of the World down? The media is forever filled with stories which later prove to have no basis. No smoke without fire? Certainly there is always a lot of hot air without substance. We have all at one time or another shouted at someone for taking, borrowing, using, losing or otherwise interfering with something important to us, especially those of us with children – and later found that we were mistaken – that we actually lost, used or spent it ourselves. A great many of us have probably shouted at a utility company, only to find that, whoops, we haven’t yet paid the bill, sent the letter, ordered the right item. Do we always say sorry? Or sometimes do we keep on shouting and arguing to try and save face? What about the person we are blaming – are they thinking ‘there’s no smoke without fire, so I must have done it!’ Of course not, because they know they didn’t do it. We all make mistakes, including jumping to conclusions about who did what, who’s to blame, even that something has happened at all. Let’s not make the mistake of using a cliché which doesn’t actually mean anything to prevent ourselves having to properly look and think.
In the reading “Building Better Instruction”, the author talks about nonlinguistic representations. I agree with this portion of the reading because I know that all students learn in various ways and teaching should be represented in such ways that vary from just a teacher giving a lecture. Students will have more success and a better appreciation for learning when given opportunities that enhance their academic achievement.
There was a bit of a queue at the tiny bar where three staff members were crammed in, one serving, one washing up and one preparing food on a small work bench and a single tiny grill.
Thanks to Lynn and Gerri who have already shown us their fabulous creations and photos.
Starring- Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel, Lucy Punch, and Justin Timberlake
"Immediately available" is expected. You wouldn't query unless the novel was ready to go. You don't have to say this; we expect it.
Deo Patri sit gloria, et Filio, qui a mortuis surrexit, ac Paraclito, in saeculorum saecula.
I added sweetened condensed milk- about 2-3 TBSP and about 2 TBSP soy milk, to my chocolate chips to get the chocolate as seen below.
And if you fancy joining in, why not record here what you pay for your pint wherever you drink it. Let's see what we are paying. Pints only please and say what and where.
With the
Back in August we went to a BBQ at a friend's house (oh, here's a picture of that day) on the lake. While we were there, they showed us how they got rid of the noisome chipmunks who ate all of their grapes and tomatoes and other garden offerings. If you must know, it was by setting up buckets of water with food balanced on them, where the hungry chipmunks would eventually meet their fates by drowning.
Yeah baby, I know what you want.
But I had a busy week end planned and no intention of skipping any of the social engagements I had been looking forward to.
Termination provisions vary widely. They can be limited to expiration or invalidity of the patents, to a definite time period for know-how and/or to breach of the agreement by either party. With respect to breach or default, it is common to provide that the licence can be terminated if the breach or default is not cured within a 60-day period following notice of the offence. Breach or default is usually determined in arbitration.
“Oh, they arrested a few and whacked a few others on the head, but it didn’t deter them one iota. They outwitted the plods by splitting into hunting parties and running amok in different directions. A particularly vile posse rampaged down Regent’s Street and ambushed the limousine of Prince Charles and Camilla. They forced them out of their car, and one of the hooded ruffians pinched Camilla on the arse. I saw the whole thing from outside Banana Republic – you should have seen the look on her face!”
“We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology,” said cosmologist Carl Sagan. A major opposing force to the funding of America’s science programs comes from the lack of support of its skeptical population. Ever since there has been organized reason and experimentation, there have been those who refute nearly every discovery in favor of either the previously accepted norms or their own biased theologies. This has stalled scientific innovation for hundreds of years and has been accused of causing the Dark Ages between the Roman period and the Renaissance (Prescott 40). But as Americans are a much more religious people than Europeans (Fish 27+), this skepticism will only prove to hinder the support needed to advance science.
and get this all done. Tonight they are calling for rain,
We can define initiation as the process that the human soul undergoes the experiences involved with the process of self-development, self-knowledge, as well as the gaining of knowledge, and of the physical universe within which you live. When each major step in the “process” of learning comes about, the person has reached a point where he or she is ready for an initiation that ultimately brings about an elevation and refinement of one’s consciousness. This is what initiation is all about: “I am more aware; I am more conscious; I am in better control of my life’s circumstances; I am more aware of myself and of all the lives around me that share this planetary home with; I am aware that I am a “child of the universe”, and have made it an issue in my personal life to making all of this something more than mere “data,” even if that data be of a personal nature, but to be capable of living this as my “truth” consciously on a personal basis.”
Everybody knows the fight was fixed
33. Opportunities arrive at the right time in the right place
There are certain places where you won't get photographs that satisfy you and that the experience is worth more than taking the perfect picture. You need to find the balance with this and decide when you take the photograph and when you enjoy the experience. Learn to also trust yourself and know you've gotten that photograph, and it's time to put the camera away. That's part of the evolution as a photographer.
“Well.” I leaned back and held up my hand. “If we were doing this for real, you’d put your left one here.”
Lewis Schaffer: Not an Anti-Semite Karen O.Novak
We have all been out for teams drinks and so forth, which is really good, but now just me and him are arranging to just go out for a drink after work on a “Man date.”
The subjects range from the accessibility of cloud data – and in particular, its accessibility by government – and the particular problems which arise when dealing with foreign jurisdictions with data protection and privacy laws or with sector-specific inhibitions on access to data such as banking secrecy laws.
My time in Mysore has been great. I was ready to finally settle after travelling non-stop for two weeks. The longer I am on this trip, the more I appreciate how well it has been organized. We are able to travel and see many places, while at the same time, have the opportunity to stay and learn one location. The living arrangements in Mysore can be acquainted to that of residence in first year. It is great to be able to see everyone all the time but at the same time I see everyone all the time haha. When we are in the North we live with local families. I have billeted before when I was in Katimavik, so I am really excited to do it again. Although there is always some apprehension about entering someone else's place whom you do not know, it will be the best way to actually experience life in India.
‘It’s true that some have been disappointed,’ said Yuri Baranov, a 46-year-old information technology specialist. But ‘the most important thing is that people have awakened.’
This book's range really is its strength. Most books on writing for children (and writing more broadly) assume that the reader is only interested in fiction - and probably only novels in the 9-12 or teen ranges. It can be difficult to find advice on breaking into non-fiction writing, picture books or the educational market. All of these (and more) are covered here, and all from the author's own experience, lending the book an air of reliability. Linda Strachan has published in many different age ranges, genres and markets and her experience is generously shared here, although she is careful to avoid presenting the way she works as some sort of set of rules.
Where: Sonnett House
Salamander Energy plc, Fields under development 14
1 very high heaped teaspoon baking soda (bicarbonate of soda)
I don’t know why I am so annoyed. He was hot but I guess that means I am really getting to a place where that just isn’t what I want. I don’t ever want anything that casual. “Yes strange man! Please come to my house at 2:37 a.m. on a Monday. Or better yet… maybe we can just have awkward cramped sex in your car behind a strip mall.” I don’t think so.
It was a beautiful day for a coffee and a walk with a good friend, her little one and Beaufort. However, I still found time though to get a few things done around the house. I was once told that creative people can't do one thing at a time but rather many projects at once. If that is true, then I must be creative! I felt like my mind and my hands were in a million different directions all day!
December 4, 2001; University of New South Wales with ANCORW
Remember, as the Observer's Matthew Schuerman reported 5/31/06, Kruger and fellow Atlantic Yards-loving South Brooklyn politicians come out of the Thomas Jefferson Democratic Club, which also produced Ratner aide Bruce Bender.
WHO IS THIS GUY??
‘You can have this all,’ he whispered as he clutched her, driving his ambition and anger and wisdom into her entire being. His mind melded into hers and she saw an empyreal heaven above, and black tartareous dregs below. She all at once knew that the world was made of base, embryonic atoms, and she knew that she was a material being, and she knew that she had no soul. She could never have a soul. She was the atoms, clashing amongst themselves in the tumult of her entwined intercourse with the wisest of all beings. She saw that her body and mind were thus limited: she could never hope to achieve greatness because she was physically not made for greatness. She was only made for a piffling mediocrity. This would not do.
Anyway, as a hazard of this kind of lifestyle, I was thinking, if I could do things differently than I am now, would I? I don't think so!
With Globo dominating the ratings, other broadcast television networks found themselves pursuing smaller, more specific audience segments largely defined by social class. SBT targeted lower middle class, working class and poor audiences, mostly with variety and game shows, in addition to soaps imported from Mexico’s Televisa. This strategy gained it a consistent second place in ratings for most of the 1980s and 1990s. On the other hand, Manchete initially targeted a more elite audience, with news, high budget telenovelas, and imported programs, but found the segment too small to gain an adequate advertiser support. Bandeirantes tended to emphasize news, public affairs and sports. All three ultimately wished to pursue a general audience with general appeal programming, such as telenovelas, but discovered that such efforts would not generate an audience sufficient to pay for the increased programming costs.
My sister and parents are coming to San Francisco this weekend! I’m eager to see them, as I have not for the nearly 3 months since I’ve moved. This is the longest I’ve been away from my family so far, and I must say I think I’ve been doing admirably. That being said, I spent a good portion of tonight cleaning my apartment, hoping it lasts through the weekend and gets mom approval.
The art blogging world is RICH with talented, giving people who truly give a "damn" about keeping art in the world as a viable profession. Thank you for ALL of your inspiration.
In the hazy warmth of the late afternoon, two battle weary friends, full of good food and dangerous wounds, walked together, towards home and Legend.
The sensation was amazing. I had never had it just – stop – before.
Mindful Parenting
The Mr. created this chalkboard out of some salvaged furniture parts and added his lines *wink* It sort of goes with our Save the World, Buy Vintage theme. Of course, I have rearranged the shoppe since these photos were taken... I got a wild hair during lunch on Sunday and put the Mr to work once we got to the shoppe.
Chick - Easter 2010
16 socks that match-up into 8 matched-pairs of my husband’s socks
Start affirming new core beliefs…Louise Hay is amazing for help with this, but you can write your own. Always in present tense, always focused on what you DO, or DO WANT.
It's Ground Ivy every morning now!
It really takes a very small person to force someone to take a promised toy away from their kids because it's "ugly"--especially when it isn't.
Remember Beerleaks?? The website set up to expose the dodgy dealings and beer myths of the brewing multinationals and get you drinking more 'craft' beer', only to disappear a couple of days after it launched when it was pointed out that a certain Fraserburgh brewer had previously used clear glass bottles. Half cocked, kneekerk, clueless and ultimately, very embarassing for all involved.
at half-past five
To show you how much fun you're going to have with this die, I made a SQUEE-worthy little box with it. An outside the box box, if you will. I stumbled across a tutorial for making a hexagonal box from this die in this post by Kerry Bunting and fell in love!
It’s not the Occupy ________(fill in the blank, I prefer “cozy chair with book”) Movement, it’s not the endless wars, it’s not even the “Pants on the Ground” dude…or Dubstep.
He went to wee, I positioned myself, he performed.
A big, fiery explosion rips through the complex. I smell burning flesh. That's the last thing I remember before blacking out.
Overall, the danger in the two stories is believable, so in the sex/relationship. It's all a bit fast but you have to considerate the story length. Each one packed a lot of information and action into a small package.
- My Dad
The questions take a more serious turn as intimations of sexuality appear: How short a dress am I willing to put on her? How low a top? Do I really want decals or words on the seat of her pants? What if they’re just flowers? And why do some people insist on putting halter tops on two-year-olds? Do girls become sex objects the moment they can stand on their own two feet?
Apologies for my absence – I’ve been foiled by a lack of internet access, here’s hoping things are back to normal now.
Without taking notes or spending much time at the eyepiece, I also spotted M54, M69, M70, and NGC 6652.
3. Not So Pale Ale, an all-grain dark pale ale (patent malt) from Bill Dietrich
Only once did I see kohl rabi as the featured food for the Iron Chefs on the Food Network show, to pounce upon and rustle up culinary creations. But perhaps soon, we will see more often of this unassuming root, sharing equal glory along side with the more flamboyant, sweeter red beets at the table. Like the celery root, its potential has yet to be realized.
He was too shocked to say anything. Emotions were flowing in abundance and he felt them overflowing through his eyes.
Now, I don’t have children, but my friends who do, speak of “pregnancy amnesia,” the phenomenon in which a mother forgets all the pain and anguish that accompanied her pregnancy so she is willing to go through the process again. I would say that the writer’s journey to publication is a bit like this, because no writer would willingly put themselves through all the torment and pain of rejection if it weren’t for some form of temporary amnesia.
Central State Hospital, formerly known as the Central Indiana Hospital for the Insane, has a reputation for being haunted. Acres and acres of untended grounds, and building after building falling into ruins, keeps the rumors alive. There are only two sane establishments on these grounds now: the pathology building, which runs tours through its impressive-but-sterile archives, and a mounted police station in the back. That’s why all the cops.
And no, I am not hiding from the office zombies that want to eat my brains. I mean, seriously, those things have an awesome sense of smell, and would totally find me at my desk, especially since I keep putting this Oatmeal and Shea Butter lotion on my burny face… holy fuck, y’all. I just noticed this lotion is totally from St. Ives, too. Those Swiss bastards are probably going to give me boils or some shit and call it “invigorating” for the skin.
He grabbed her hand and tugged her to him. Tess felt an army of butterflies explode into action in her stomach when Travis held her hands captive against his strong chest, and drew her close, his arms wrapped securely around her. She looked into his eyes and watched them ignite into hot blue flames.
Storm lumbered up onto shore and over the rocks, far enough for the Were he’d rescued to claw his own way free of the water. Finora untied the floater rope from Storm’s harness. Storm looked confused. He tried to go back in, but Finora whistled him away from the water. She didn’t need mortals on her beach at the moment. Lighthaven had things under control. The sudden silence of the horns told her that. Storm shook himself and sat down to wait.
Craftroom here i come.
Geraint
I certainly wasn't expecting to see the level of difficulty that I saw today. Without going into specifics, because I don't want to get in trouble, I'll just say that there were LOTS of questions that involved 2, 3, and even 4 steps before arriving at the correct answer.
swirl
Fabregas will definitely be disappointed that he won’t lead Arsenal in a final match for the first time since taking over the arm band in November 2008.
This was one of the most amazing retreats I have EVER been on! I can't even really put into words how over 400 women, almost all strangers to each other, can end up becoming best friends over one weekend!
a flexible and moldable peripheral edge extending outwardly from the frame; and
To handle others, use your heart.
Social is an opinion deeper than LOL.
New watermark, new err… style of photography and so on.
Not sure about the Green on the Denison smock though...
When you really think about it, the only way Mussina really benefited by leaving Baltimore was monetarily. Perhaps he picked up a few more wins playing for a team that routinely has a beefy offensive lineup, and scores a lot of runs, but I speculate that his numbers would have been pretty similar if he simply stayed put right here in Bmore, where he was adored by the fans.
So I wasn't initially going to bother canning chicken. I already store the store bought chicken in a can, which I don't mind the taste of, and it stretches pretty far. However, curiosity got the better of me as so many people sing the praises of home canning chicken. To make it interesting I decided to can boneless thighs and I used re-usable canning lids.
I thought my beer trip was over, but in a few hours, I found myself sitting at Hopworks, with sampler trays and mugs littering my table. Beers of note that I really enjoyed were two seasonals: dark helmet lager, and pig war imperial IPA. The pig war, in particular, was a pleasant surprise for me. I've really fallen out of love for hoppy beers over the last year or so, but just when I thought I was out... this one pulled me back in! Very well balanced, incredibly smooth, not too bitter, and elegantly floral with soft citrus notes, I will certainly return to this one if the opportunity arises.
“That doesn’t surprise me,” I retorted, “but you still haven’t answered my question. Has the carrot just had sex with the glass?”
Valerie: Water gathering in huge trash cans under the eaves of houses.
"you have tiny feet now"
I think I've rambled on enough now. Since no camera's were allowed at the concert, I'll leave you with these photo's taken off of Rise Against's website.
And we’re not saying that most of the games are frustrating and unplayable, either. Far from it. Uncharted is one of the most impressive, if not the most impressive game ever released on a mobile device. The graphical fidelity of its jungles nearly rivals those even in the first Uncharted game (Drake’s Fortune) on PS3 – which is admittedly looking very dated now compared to its two sequels.Storytelling, voice acting, graphics, sound effects, music, score – it’s all absolutely brilliant and the mind boggles at what might be possible with this console further down the line.
November 2 - Leonard Stone, actor ("Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory"), 87
We shall rise from the dead: we shall be there in body as well as spirit. These very bodies will stand upon the earth at the latter day: when Christ shall come and the trumpet shall sound his people shall rise at the first resurrection, and the wicked shall rise also, and in their flesh shall they see God. Let me think of all that I have done then in the light of that. There will be present every man who has ever lived on earth. How shall I like to have all my doings published there? My very thoughts —how shall I feel when they are read aloud; what I whispered in the ear in the closet—how shall I like to have that proclaimed with sound of trumpet!
And once we arrived, LLC drank everything in and coped with the heat like a native. We made sure to bring her inside during the middle of each day for a nap and some down time, but aside from that, a UFV sun suit and hat from Konfidence and a healthy dose of sun cream each day, LLC was business as usual. Running around, exploring, splashing, chatting and people watching.
they immediately said, "It's way too small!". Well, considering the gigantic sectional
Because of that, Johnson called for a grassroots push for congressional action to legalize hemp production.
Well, if you find yourself wondering how all the other mothers are able to drink their coffee while you are busy trying to stop your little darling from scaling walls, digging trenches or hot-wiring the car; if your child can't bear seams on her socks, itchy tags on her neck or strobe lighting; if your child is simply more - more passionate, turbulent, energetic, precocious, particular, sensitive, intuitive or just plain full-on - than other kids, this book may be for you!
Custom-$1599
I assume you have all heard about the recent Girl Scouts controversy over the transgendered Girl Scout, which has been all over the news. Short version: the Girl Scouts of America are FAIR and we can be PROUD of them:A group calling itself HonestGirlScouts.com has posted a YouTube video calling for a boycott of Girl Scout cookies in response to a Colorado troop's decision to allow a 7-year-old transgender child into its troop. Gay rights and transgender rights groups have reported a grassroots LGBT movement of supporters buying Girl Scout cookies in response to the video....After an initial burst of publicity around the nearly 8-minute video featuring a teen Girl Scout wearing a Girl Scout sash, the video has been made private on YouTube. However, it's still available for viewing elsewhere on the Internet.
Thus, as the New York Times reported, the irony of Likud borrowing a page from the Obama playbook is striking. But the frequently overlooked, and arguably more influential, Shas party strays even further from any of the U.S. president-elect's rhetoric of inclusiveness and change, and their appropriation of "Yes We Can" shows that they too have watched the Illinois senator closely, despite their stark differences.
123. Postman, The (Ardiente Paciencia): Antonio Skarmeta
In other words, less than half of CEOs now think that employment will go up in the next 6 months.
18 Chuck
There is a theory - I don't know who's it is - that stored inside our heads is a record of everything we have done, seen, heard, felt, spoken and even thought. It's all there. Everything. Only the chemical pathways which allow us access aren't all connected for us anymore. But I remember reading some scientist's theory that there was a place in the brain which, if found and activated, would replay our lives for us in detail. Some think that is exactly what is going to happen when we stand before God for judgment. It's all going to play back for us. An irrefutable record of who we have been. For real.
But regardless of who enters here, I will continue pushing the up button until there is no one left underneath.
Eerie, very visual piece which carries you to some vivid yet surreal places. More about atmosphere than action, this takes you on a strange, dreamlike journey and leaves some horribly uncanny imagery festering in the brain.
5 1- by 3-inch adhesive strips to cover cleaned wounds
rest assured that the nation is safe in his hands.
Last, but not least, I am thankful that I am a runner. Being a runner has opened doors for me - physically, mentally and socially. I've met great people through running who I now call friends! I know I can accomplish so much more than I ever thought I could - races, bike rides, and the list will continue to grow because I took that first step almost 3 years ago. Mentally, when life just gets to be too much, I head out for a run and lose myself in it. Problems seem smaller and my place in this crazy world is restored for awhile as I hit the trails or the road. It's all about that journey and I'm thankful to be on it.
First, they will say: 'I want you to run reviews on time from now on.' They will say this as though it is an amazing idea that may never have occurred to you before. They will have given a specific rival newspaper the once-over and noticed that you've run a couple of things after they have. 'All I want you to do,' chuckled one editor, 'is to review everything the Daily Telegraph reviews, a week before they do it.' At least he knew how daft he was being. (He meant it, though.)
Et pour finir, mon cadeau pour le Great Global Christmas Swap organisé par Fiona Marie est prêt à s'envoler pour la Nouvelle Zélande !
The glorification was excruciating, the rapturous adulation and soggy sentimentality ominously reminiscent of the superhuman status conferred on "Uncle Joe" Stalin, Ceausescu, Castro and Kim Il-sung (not to mention Bokassa and Idi Amin).
Mark: I'm pretty sure he had sex with animals.
So the council felt that it couldn’t be expected to provide more money for the Australian Opera. However, it has put up a scheme where the council would provide the base support for the opera while the states would make contributions depending on the amount of time the opera spends performing in particular states.
I feel like I have let us all down.
Someone told me that I’m still holding on,
Castways:
He is the Rock of Ages. He is to be exalted. He is to be worshipped. He is the Living LORD.
CHICKEN RENDANG
How sad is it that the seeming focus of a campaign is on religion and it’s roll in daily life and education instead of positive proposals to rebuild America and put it back to work?
No. That's fucking ridiculous. Play the fucking game. Step up the competition. Do more of what you've been doing. Don't completely change the game at the most critical time. Toddlers and people from New Jersey do that. Stop it.
We have certainly mastered the art of managing busy-ness, it’s the art of relaxation that we have a problem with. Having become so accustomed to schedules and deadlines, we haven’t an inkling as to what down time looks like, and when we stumble across it, what to do with it….
We usually evaluate and critique worship in light of our personal preferences or emotional responses to the stimuli that is worship. But we rarely if ever consider worship to be a verb – something that we do! It is more something to be consumed and critiqued than actively engaged with our full participation.
“Urrggggghhhhhh,” he murmured. “Give me.........water.”
I had such a busy week last week, I only JUST realized that I totally missed last week!
Yay! Monday! I love Monday because kids are off to school and hubby to work and I have the house all to myself. Although I don't have the house to myself at the moment. My in-laws are staying with me. But atleast there is a routine. I have since vaccumed, mopped the house, washed the clothes and prepared for lunch. So time to browse, check emails and write up this post.
The over 46,000-square-foot mansion (for comparison, our biggest Montecito estate clocks in at 30,000 sq. ft.) was built in 1928 for the Doheny family on over 18 acres. The property is now a landmark, restored by nonprofit Friends of Greystone with tours and events run by the city’s Parks & Recreation Department. Obviously, this estate is truly magnificent, especially what with the internationally-renowned designers having gotten their hands on it.
Total: 8 out of 10
In public, she was a traditional Asian wife who metaphorically walked two steps behind her husband, as she once quipped.
Speez comes in for dinner with John, another manager from Nopalito. They sit at the bar and have some food and drinks. I go over to say hello, and knowing my love of graphs, they've drawn me a few. Mostly they're silly, but there's one that catches my attention. It's simple: x/y, with a line that starts at zero and goes up, then flat, then up, then flat. John explains it to me:
19And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth, and gathered the vine of the earth, and cast it into the great winepress of the wrath of God.
I've been working on my "greatest books" list for some time, but as the list is constantly changing, and as I continue to read new and fascinating books, it becomes ever more difficult to lock down a top ten list.
3. Salute
8-8:30 Bedtime (If we’re lucky).
Yesterday I ate oatmeal (130 calories), a serving of crystal light (10 calories), and three peppermints (60 calories), adding up to 200 calories on the nose. That was at midnight last night, and at exactly midnight this morning I’m eating steamed vegetables with pepper. Normally I would add salt as well, but salt retains water, and I don’t really care to be bloated to an even bigger balloon than I already am. Today I will probably only eat the vegetables (180 calories), a packet of crystal light, and a stick or two of gum (5-10 calories), which adds up to exactly 200 calories.
How did you first come across Hitch Hikers? For me I was a little too young to hear the original radio series on first broadcast so it was a couple of years later when I read the novel. Then the radio was repeated just in time for the television series. A friend had the LP too so we could listen to an abridged version over and over again.
He voiced concern about all but three of the 39 national government departments. The three were environmental affairs, public enterprises and science.
I’m not saying that girls who pluck their eyebrows or wear makeup are somehow sexist or something. If those women truly enjoy what they’re doing, then they should continue doing it. What I’m saying is that if there are rules and standards that you have to follow or comply to just because you’re a woman, I’m telling you right now, you can say no. If you think it’s a waste of time and money, then you don’t have to do it. Stop, just stop, and don’t feel guilty about it. I think it’s also equally important that women have the power to say no. Women should be given the freedom to explore and own their beauty, and society should not pressure women to conform to one kind of beauty.
And I said to myself: that can't possibly be right, can it? "Span" is the past of "to spin" - and yes, that can mean to revolve quickly on one's axis, but here it doesn't mean that at all. It means to make thread by twisting together fibres, such as wool or flax. Which, of course, is what Eve was doing while Adam was delving (that is, digging) the earth, to grow food. 'Se revolver' can't possibly mean that - why would it be reflexive? She wasn't standing there and turning around, like Malvolio in Twelfth Night. She was spinning fibre.
The days are bright with blue blue skies and the sun shines and it is cold.
Yokoyama told Japanese television station NHK that the discovery of the motorcycle was miraculous and he wished to thank the B.C. man who found it personally, but so far he has only been able to do so on TV.
+ i hear rita's custard is a chain (i never heard of it until this trip!) but it was really good! especially mixed with the mango slushie.
In terms of his development this month, this is where we are:
Oh, what joy to read a book and laugh. And laugh. And laugh again. Just the title alone of Auslander's previous book, the memoir Foreskin's Lament, was enough to raise a titter but his first novel provides laugh after laugh and has an audacious but simple concept at its heart: a man discovers an old woman living in his attic. She claims to be Anne Frank. He obviously wants her out of his house but who wants to be the man to rat on Anne Frank? Especially if you're Jewish! That man is Solomon Kugel, a man who has moved his wife, two-year old son and ageing mother out of New York and into a farmhouse in the anonymous rural town of Stockton, a place 'famous for nothing' (although a spate of arsons recently threatens to undo that), in order to protect them all from the horrors of the modern world. He is a man who makes note of the famous last words of others in his constant search for a fitting bon mot for his own demise, a man whose mother, despite being born in America the year after the Second World War ended, believes that she is a survivor from the Nazi concentration camps, a man who will find himself neglecting his own family in order to protect the old woman in his loft who has subsisted on a diet of rodents whilst also relieving herself in his air-vents.
Anger is the feedback we got on the streets of Carrickfergus, Antrim and Larne. Anger, not only at the situation but also at all the political parties in Northern Ireland who are suppressing the truth (in order to further their own positions) about mass uncontrolled immigration and bogus asylum seekers.
It has now been over a week since the marathon and my hips feel great. I've definitely been taking it easy and stretching things out. I graduate on Saturday, and I've been pretty busy getting things taken care of around the apartment and hanging with friends. For those not geographically located near me, let me tell you... it has been cold in Pittsburgh! Yesterday it was 45 degrees and raining! Ummm, pretty sure it isn't March anymore!!!
Murano glass industry, thriving through the centuries, proves again today that, just like centuries ago, the tight community of glass workers is commited to carrying their craft through generations despite all changes that affect them. Like diamonds, Murano glass is there to stay forever.
The third album will be called "The Endgame" and will be released in January 2012.
True education does not consist merely in the acquiring of a few facts of science, history, literature, or art, but in the development of character. ― David O. McKay
INTERIOR: DOLLARZ HOMESTEAD -- GARAGE AREA -- LATE AFTERNOON.
3. They give everything for their children. Chinese women give up a lot in life to see that their children have every potential benefit. In the west Chinese mothers are sometimes refered to as ‘Tiger Moms’. The meaning is that they take their roles as mothers very seriously. They compel their children to study hard and excel in their young lives. Enrolling their children in all kinds of different classes from music and dance to extra history and math tutoring.
“Can we turn on my cartoons?”
7. What dates from 2011 will remain etched upon your memory, and why?
The decision means if 52-year-old Hamza wins his appeal to the European Court against extradition to the United States he will be ­entitled to remain here.
8. ? - Everybody Wants To Be Black on a Saturday Night
And alas, still we were not finished...
Sometimes I just sit down and browse through design books or blogs hoping to get inspired.
This would probably get a 9/10 if it weren’t for the fact that it takes awhile to pick up and get super-intense. Mockumentaries often feel boring — and this one does, but only at the beginning. Then it just keeps getting better and better and better — until the ending gunshot.
When I answered the phone, an automated voice announced the name of the survey. Years of thoughts appeared in my brain in one instant. I thought of all of the questions I could answer truthfully and was thrilled to have the opportunity. In the same instant, I realized the questions could be loaded, my answers misconstrued and something wonderful would be compromised by the corrupted data.
“So I put in the hours and really tightened my budget for months to save up 8,000 baht for a BB. The day, I told my kid, I have enough money to buy her a BB, she came over and gave mea rare hug and it was a very long hug. The longest hug I ever got from her in my life. She was so excited and filled with so much happiness,” said my friend.
How would you feed yourself and your family?
When they were young, I skipped the cloyingly sweet “The cow says Moo, can you say Moo?” books and instead read to my toddlers stories of Peter Pan, The Swiss Family Robinson, The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus, and the Wizard of Oz.
As always, The Local Taphouse did the job. Attracting a brewer of Shawn Sherlock’s standing in the Beer Community and getting him to make his way down to Melbourne to share his brews with an appreciative audience was a win all round. As many were heard to comment later in the night (way too much later!) if you’d dared to suggest five years ago that a bloke who brews beer would get a ‘rockstar reception’ from fifty strangers young and old at a pub that serves twenty different craft beers from the tap and another hundred or so from the bottle you would have raised more eyebrows than Tiger Woods’ missus.
Then there's when we go camping. We need to leave keys for our neighbours that care for our pets in our absence.
What a sad state of affairs for Malaysia.
The disciples of Jesus were continually questioning Him, warning Him to dial it back, asking Him if He really meant to say this or that. And Jesus was continually admonishing them that, yes, not only did He really mean that, He really meant to take it much, much further. (Or do I mean farther? Both, really.) His "consider the lilies" speech completely sums that up. So do His last "marching orders" to His disciples.
The Pecs and the Back
Well, it’s two weeks after my master cleanse, and because I am loving that my stomach isn’t hanging out of my pants nearly as much as they used to, and I can fit old clothes, and there’s not an unsightly bulge when I wear form- fitting shirts, I have a very real fear of incorporating meat back into my diet for awhile.
3. Paddywax Eco Candle in Verbena & Lemongrass – A refreshing and uplifting blend of citrusy lemongrass and herbal verbena, this candle will re-energize and revitalize.
The clinic visits always end on a yucky note, with a throat culture to check for any nasty bacterias the lungs might be housing. At just the time our favorite nurse brought out the giant swab, Ethan had a pretty good coughing spell (left over cough from being sick) and thus got up some good gunk. This was perfect timing, as it would give a pretty good reading as to what was in his lungs. Caleb does not like the giant swab thingy, but after being upset for a second, he opened his mouth up for our favorite nurse and got it over quick.
So especially with no thunderstorms around, these were fun flights!
Life doesn’t work like that. Wherever we are today is the result of a lifetime of choices. You know that eating a packet of donuts today will not cause you to be 5kg heavier on the scales tomorrow. However, making a habit of those donuts will eventually show up on the scales. Therefore, you can lie to yourself and say “see, those donuts made no difference, I can do it again”. Why not turn that right around? Start saying “see, that run made no difference, I can do it again”. Using the exact logic that got you into unhealthy lifestyle choices to get you out.
Some of you may already have tried this, as the original recipe by Valli Little was originally printed in Delicious magazine in its December 2002 Issue. I have adapted it slightly, with the main additions being ham and lemon thyme.
Cream Embroidery Floss
Tomorrow is a gym day, so that is good.
Talmud can, if it was written today, simply be described as theologians who hold seminars and studies in various Bible topics. Now I will not be tedious, so let’s go over what Torah has to say. Some basic rules concerning the Torah.
Calls for comment to the administrators named in the lawsuit, director Judy Johnson, and assistant director Denise Willis, and Helena Delgado, a test administrator, were not returned. The lawsuit states that Willis and Johnson are white females and Delgado is a Hispanic female.
Now my vision for our bedroom is starting to come together. In fact, don't you think my new rug will look lovely with this pair of alabaster lamps?
If I made the loaf again I would likely use anchovy paste instead of the chopped anchovies since I think the flavor would come through a little stronger. It would probably be best used cut up and crisped as croutons, served with lightly grilled romaine and a lemony Ceasar dressing. Sounds delicious to me.
Ms. Sheppard also established Chasing books Book Club in March 2011 for African American self -publishers and independent authors. Ms. Sheppard is founder/CEO of “I Am the Chase Ministries, LLC”: a single women’s ministry whose mission is to promote abstinence and celibacy. Ms. Sheppard wants to help every woman define and understand her self-worth and value so she can live out her purpose and destiny.
New Sonic Game in the works?
You’e really only doing these things because …
The recipe uses “tropical dried fruit mixture” which I couldn’t find locally, so I used a luxury dried fruit mixture and added some dried mango, pineapple, papaya, apricots and a little glacé ginger.
A servant with a yearn to rule,
Given by Papa God, August 24,2010
Toxic phrase: “Don’t drop the ball!”
The first is entitled “Teenagers Ply their Trade as Sex Workers” and starts off by telling us that there are 1,300 sex workers registered in Cape Town. It then goes on to tell the story of a 15 year old girl working in the streets of Belville who ‘became a prostitute’ 2 years ago… at the age of 13.
Much Love to you as always,
Why did you not bother to learn this before you wrote your letter?
Here are a few ways that we have eaten greens the last two weeks:
And that’s when we found Angel Isle Resort, like a message from heaven. We actually learned about it from a travel agent we contacted, trying to book a dive boat. She offered Angel Isle as an alternative way to dive Komodo. When we started looking at their pictures, then their prices, it was a no brainer. This was exactly the kind of trip-finishing experience we were looking for, but at a palatable price. We sent in an email inquiry via their website, which began a 3 day email chain that ended when we bought last-minute flights at the airport and set out for remote Labuan Bajo, Indonesia. Kath, owner of Angel Island, promised to have a car there to pick us up on arrival.
Aravella Simotas has kept a pretty low profile in the Assembly since being hand-picked by the Vallones for the job. But here she is talking about how she's against rape, which is really sticking her neck out there!
Once I got to Knoxville (well, after I drove around for 30 minutes trying to find a place to park) I met up with my friend Julie, her whole support crew and later Kelsey at oodles uncorked. I'm a bad blogger, you guys. I took no photos. Forgive me?
And here's an awesome giveaway!
I really want to say thanks to you who have already said what color combination you prefer! – and thank you for telling me I needed to tell more about this giveaway to get more attention …
9 am - 4 pm
I’ll be speaking with various classes during the next few weeks and celebrating Monster Baby with a launch party at Bocketts Farm on Saturday, May 7th. Everyone’s invited so if you’re at the farm that day, please drop by the party room between 3-4pm and say hi.
I love that word. It means that it finally has happened! It is a word that shouts out "CELEBRATE!" It represents change for the better.
JS - It’s marginal, is it not?
SUNNINGHILL: Frik Marks (30) shot dead by four black attackers after robbing business.
The last few weeks have been riddled with worry, if it’s not one things it’s ten more things. Last week her urine had a strange odor to it which prompted me to ask our doc to have it cultured. On the same day, one of the lumens on her central line clotted off for the second time in two weeks. We did a dye study on her line but did not find anything obvious that could be causing the line to occlude. I was not really surprised since seconds before injecting the dye into her line for the study I flushed a med through it first and lo and behold it started flowing like a river. One sure way to fix a line…go through the hassle of scheduling a dye study. We did cultures of her line as well as because we are always suspicious when we have line troubles. Her line cultures have no growth as of today, which is a good thing, but her urine cultures grew positive for an unusual bacteria that is not a typical UTI bacteria found in the bladder but rather in the bowel. Lucy did not present with a high fever which is odd since she has a pretty significant infection, this has us all a little concerned. She was one miserable girly this weekend, which makes sense now that we know about the UTI. We started her on IV bacterium to treat the infection, which is now only going to make the yeast issue a bigger issue…ugh, around and around we go!
- Can hold a coin purse
I used her idea of the MFT(My Favorite Things) die where all three flowers are attached, die cut them, added sentiment(Hero Arts) and put a piece of polka dotted embossed bright green paper behind them. Popped it up on card and added black glitter stick on dots(cool that they come in 3 different sizes like the flowers...from Michaels) SUPER simple...but here's the thing....I first made an all white one, then thought that maybe it would look cooler on a black card...so here are both:
Here’s my ultra-simple explanation of the entire insulin/blood sugar/type 2 diabetes mess. Big Agra could really care less about you. That’s just business. The pharmaceutical industry is not in it for the love of life. If that were the case, drugs would be much cheaper. The FDA has to think about public health, but it also has to think about treading carefully on the toes of corporate interests, because that’s how it works when you’re the biggest economy in the world.
Well, it's not something I would ever do, just interesting facts I suppose!
After relaying all of this to my husband he was cynical and said that the guy wouldn't say a word to the agent but I don't think that's true. The supervisor used to be in the armed forces and he even mentioned that though their job is tough, they have to hold themselves to higher standards - and I truly think he meant it. I believe he's an honest man and will do just what he said and that's all I would have asked for. I wasn't out for blood, I just had to get it off my chest and hoped that the agent would at least have a mention of his rudeness made to him.
Section 4 (1) of The Road Traffic Act 1988 makes it a criminal offence for a person to driving or attempt to drive a vehicle on a road or other public place, when they are unfit to drive through drink or drugs
Sorry for the long post.....its the coffee.....and my lack of time to blog lately.......or talk with friends......or even talk to J for that matter. In other words I am bursting. Looking forward to "getting it all out" with some good friends tomorrow. Yeah!
Patient: "I don't have a dentist."
all the way, every single
It’s funny how things pop into our minds. I pictured myself without my upper teeth, trying never to smile, especially in the family photos that were sure to come; and I pictured everyone having to shout at me over the next three months. The fact that I had several pair of glasses and didn’t need to worry over eyesight issues brought little comfort to me in that instant. When I think back on that night I can laugh; but right then, it wasn’t too pretty. I still felt sick enough that I don’t think I panicked at that point, but I was rapidly becoming desperate!
This is our second Christmas off on our own, away from home. We like this tradition so far--maybe because we can make the tradition so completely ours. And while here in Paris, we've felt pretty distant from the normal commercial Christmas onslaught--if only because our French is so bad--so that aspect of the season hasn't registered at all. Instead, our major holiday concern has been totally about what to eat that day and every day leading up to that day. Fabulous! Me? I'm always up for sable cookies.
During each of the twelve days of Christmas, the 1709 Blog is bringing readers some information concerning an author, composer, artist or creator who died in 1941 and whose works fall into the public domain in 2012 in countries which operate a "life plus seventy years" term for copyright in authors' works. Today's author is little known outside his native country, though his best-known work will be familiar to many readers.
Lt. General Charles P. Otstott, USA (Ret.)
While I’m here saying more stuff about this Plantinga paper, I’d also like to note not only how he slips from talking about believing in God for reasons into talking about believing in God simpliciter, but also how he conflates theism in general with his particular Christian theism.
of pioneer not charity.
keep 'em coming, topps - i can use some more navarro lurker cards!
I really enjoyed heading home and settling down with new ideas and techniques to play with. I am so inspired – thank you Sarah Gabriel.
touch my heart
This is, of course, based on a Neil Gaiman novel (he’s also credited as producer). I am, mutatis mutandis, a fan of Gaiman’s work, and the writers of Stardust (Vaughn and Jane Goldman) have worked hard to ensure it sits easily within the canon. Gaiman’s schtick, to the extent that he has one, is to combine classic story themes and ideas with a modern, often knowing sensibility – taking them seriously but not often sending them up. But while it’s smart and funny, Stardust is really lacking in the darkness it probably needs to convince as a genuine fairy tale – much of the time it’s desperately whimsical, occasionally bordering on the twee. It should really be as annoying as hell and the fact that it isn’t is to Vaughn’s credit.
Sacred moments, swaddling me close and reassuring me that Christ has come to turn my common days into times of holiness.
So I was wondering, since many churches are willing to turn over one Sunday morning worship meeting to their youth, why not also turn one Sunday a year over to Jesus and let him run it while the pastor sits and watches?
Floral hat display outside one of HK’s major shopping malls. Vibrant, eclectic, showstopping. HK isn’t just about shopping and eating (though my schedule and a weighing scale would prove otherwise). It’s the random artworks littered around the city that make magic out of monotony. At least for tourists.
Pack tightly into a sterilized jar and cover. Store at room temperature. After 24 hours open to release gases and check fermentation. Let ferment up to 4 days and then refrigerate.
Forget the antics, and some of the stuff she's said in interviews. M.I.A. has made some of the best music since the turn of the millennium. You can never box her in: she's hip-hop, she's dance, and at least in spirit, she's punk rock. But she doesn't conform to the rules of any of those genres.
Anyway, whoever you are I think sometimes despite planning and careful thought you just can't plan ahead for everything. Lots of people like to menu plan. It saves money and it makes life nice and easy. I have come to learn though that in my life plans come unstuck more often than not and we can easily be left trying to work out what dinner should be at the last minute as a result.
Ironically, however, as American sprinters began to seek “individuality” in their training and coaching, Jamaica began to embrace the training camp philosophy. Jamaica started with the MVP camp headed by Asafa Powell, Michael Frater and Nesta Carter – coach Stephen “Franno” Francis. Then the Racers Club with Usain Bolt, Daniel Bailey and Yohan Blake – coach Glen Mills. And as Jamaica went to training camps that combined the country’s best talent with the best available coaches, and the U.S. to individuals working independently, the pendulum swung from U.S. success internationally to Jamaican success – culminating in multiple international finalists, medals, and records!
Meanwhile, in a large bowl whisk together the bread and milk. Add the salt and pepper and let the bread crumbs soak for 5 minutes.
Like cogs of a huge machine it is a perfect and never ending seamless workflow. While a new floor is being prepared on the rooftop, electricians are installing power supply lines on the mid-levels. On the first floor people are moving in and in the grocery stores on the ground floor the workers can already buy the vegetables for their lunches.
Secret #3: Flip the sandwich mid way through its time on the panini so the top and bottom soak up some of the pork juice, yet maintain a good, even searing for crunch.
Who is society?
An intuition is usually a deeply felt sense of something we should do, or a particular direction to go in, that is not merely cognitive but more of a conviction or feeling of rightness. The problem this creates is that too many of us don’t know the difference between those experiences of insight and conviction that come from the ego and those experiences of insight and conviction that are a reflection of the “Authentic Self.”
In Lifeclass.”(1974) exhibits the disintegration of a man “Allat”, an instructor at an evening class who lost of belief in the value of what he is imparting:
First, more news regarding the melodrama surrounding the exorcism of TWD's writing staff. According to Robert Kirkman (in an article posted on MTV), the co-creator of the original TWD comic book series, and a writer and executive producer on AMC's show:
I managed okay for my first few years of teenage-hood. I just didn’t interact very much with other people. I joined the Air Cadets just to have more social interaction in my life, and the knowledge that I was un-cool, knowledge I’d already been pretty sure of before-hand, was quickly confirmed by the fact that, despite being surrounded several days a week by a large group of people, I continued to not make any real friends and to feel out of place.
Police told Reuters that the soldiers from a ranger unit were travelling in a pickup truck, heading to an outpost when a bomb of up to 10kg was remotely detonated on a road near a military camp.
Hello and Happy Saturday!
I do have a funny, not funny, but still funny story from Easter dinner....
Hung on the back of my Laundry Room door.
Sending a message in a bottle is something we have all heard about. Of course if you do poke a note into a bottle and cork it tightl,y you don’t really expect it to be delivered in a timely fashion to the addressee do you?
* The limitation of the size of the final. I guess Gayle Stevens dealt with that by combining multiple frames together, to get a larger final image. A full-plate image, if left pure and uncopied, can only be about 8"x10". To me, in this huge-print-reality of the current art world, the collodion just seems physically disadvantaged.
My inspiration for this week’s Tartan & Sequins Style File was Southern California in the 1960s. The thing about the 1960s that really speaks to me is how transitional it was, in terms of style and the world at large. Mod style was the halfway point between the wholesome 1950s and the hedonistic 1970s, and I think it would make a perfect setting for an Engagement Session.
On Nov. 14, 1986, President Ronald Reagan signed the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 into law, instituting first-time vaccine safety reforms in the U.S. vaccination system and creating the first no-fault federal vaccine injury compensation program alternative to a lawsuit against vaccine manufacturers and pediatricians. Twenty-two years later, on Nov. 18, 2008,
Cory asked me a few days ago to really think about two things:
Why oh why are you giving me anxiety at this point in my life?
Chuck Hocter
The three 16-year-old Bayonne boys are all charged with aggravated assault, endangering a victim, and rioting, and one of them is additionally charged with second-degree theft, Deputy Chief Ralph Scianni said.
I’ll give you a minute…
Mental Health: The restored gospel has great effects on the mental health of church members. Any evidence of positive mental-health benefits can be directly tied to the church, whereas anything negative, such as depression and suicide, is completely unrelated.
Where you stay…I’ll stay
2. I have three beautiful daughters - ages 2, 7 and almost 11.
I also hit 90k on the revised draft, with more sure to come. My original draft was a relatively modest 74k, and most of my complete manuscripts fall around that length. I always assumed that, if I were to do revisions with an agent, I would either be chopping scenes out or rewriting and restructuring in general. There's a bit of that, and I imagine there will be more to come, but this draft is definitely the Add All The Things Draft. The number is giving me a mini-heart-attack - I think I have some sort of word count mental block - but the best thing about my editorial letter is that it's basically giving me permission to expand. I'm really enjoying the chance to dig deeper into the worldbuilding, characters, and themes.
Ed Stradling: V sorry to hear the shock news about Lis Sladen. . . .
The tagline for this movie was Beware the Lake. You’d do better to be wary of this film.
1. In a bowl, mix the flour with the yeast, make a hole in the middle.
Honestly....every card was winner worthy...which completely blew us away!!
A clean kitchen
It isn't long before the man, already expert at blanking out pain, falls asleep too.
As you can see, around the numbers is a brighter green. Just like those loud socks.
6:00 head to the hospital
Golden Earring Another 45 miles NL
12The merchandise of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of brass, and iron, and marble,
Now in case nobody that follows my blog or doesn't follow just reads cause you're a bunch of creepers and don't want me to know who you are, lives in Florida you may not understand the way people in Florida drive. In Florida is it perfectly fine to drive in the fast lane (yes there IS a fast lane) and not only NOT do the speed limit (or 20 miles over like I do) and talk on your phone. It is okay to do that here and for some reason when people in FL talk on their cell and drive, their foot comes off of the gas and just kind of hovers there so they aren't really driving so much as gliding, slowly, in the fast lane, GET OUT OF THE WAY ASSHOLE!
Pepakuro
> Other schools receiving awards this week—the first-ever U.S. Department of Education Green Ribbon Schools. The 78 schools make “science, environmental and outdoor education play a central role in providing children with a well-rounded education, helping prepare them for the jobs of the future,” according to Arne Duncan.
EMPLOYEES: Only use the loo at work. Not only will you save money on toilet paper, but you'll also be getting paid.
Mr. JONES submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
and REO Speedwagon.
This weekend, read through Elaine Showalter's Hystories, making notes on multiple personality for Shadow as well as thinking of notions of contemporary hysteria for my Women and Madness class. Also ordered up a book about the Salem witch trials from the local bookstore, thinking about the possessed girls, thinking about The Crucible. This morning I read Caitlin Flanagan's op-ed in the NYT regarding the groups of girls ("cheerleaders" she distinguishes) who were diagnosed with hysteria in upstate New York. I began reading it and thinking, wow, weird, she is not, so far, fucking it up TOO MUCH. But then of course, whoops:
Remember when sizing boots they are not the same as your sneaker size!! Your sneakers are sized to have a thumbs distance from the front of the sneaker for what’s called foot flexion due to running.
He won a blue turtle, went through the fun house, and rode down the Gigantic Fun Slide twice by himself. I was super impressed that he did it by himself, it was super tall (I think I was more nervous than he was). And he got some free balloons from a nice lady, just because he is just that cute. He had an absolute blast, and Mikey was tickled to have Dad all to himself to help him do the monkey bars. It was a win-win for all!
It occurs to me, as I sort through the hundreds of photographs we took, how little one experiences from behind the lens - involvement at a remove, as it were - and how intrusive and misleading the desire to photograph everything can be. An end in itself, perhaps, using the world's wonders as background for our lives: as one sees with tourists everywhere, for there they are, grinning away in front of every monument, fountain, ruin, painting and statue, even posturing for the camera, as I saw last year in Florence, to appear to be holding David's dick.
He does not need to tell them
At the diner, Caroline tells Max that the firing was her fault and she feels awful, but Max says she’s the one who called Constance a bitch. Oleg and Sophie then continue their tiff about their sex life. Sophie admits to saying their sex life is good, then Oleg says it was actually love. Sophie tells him it was just sex. Oleg then admits to Caroline that he loves Sophie, and hopes to one day kiss her. Peach comes in looking for Max and apologizes for firing her, and calls it a pretend firing. Peach asks Max to come work for her again, but Max says no, telling Peach she needs to focus on her and Caroline’s business instead. The total for their cupcake shop is still $675.
“It’s okay! You’re safe!”
Once you have the prerequisites you can proceed to create the files you need. You’re going to need to make or modify four files in the /etc/asterisk directory. The first is gtalk.conf. If you have nano installed, you can do this:
In a another pan heat oil and add mustard seeds, when it starts popping add urad dal and when it starts gets golden brown color add green chili, curry leaves, ginger, onion, carrot and salt and sauté for 6 minutes or until onion starts to change color and carrot get cooked well and set aside.
Primarily concerned with head-on collisions, Jones split his car in two, hoping the front section would absorb collisions, leaving the passenger cabin untouched. Using a heavily modified 1948 Hudson sedan as a rear section, he built a raised turret to provide the driver with maxium visbility, a goal he furthered with a 360 degree wrap-around screen that constantly rotated past built-in squeegees to wipe it clean.
But mercy left to itself makes a mockery of justice. Tell a mother whose child has been abducted, raped, and murdered that she is to “be merciful” to her child’s killer and see how that works out for you. You may be the next murder victim. Why? Because something in that mom tells her, justice should be done.
This newspaper is funny as hell. Why? Because every week there is at least one customer in it. Whenever I see someone I know in this paper, I wait for that person to come into the store so I can laugh and ask them about it.
Our wood chip hugelkulture annual beds are about half completed. Hopefully the couple hundred square feet will be enough for a decent number of our favorite tomatoes, peppers, garlic and onions, etc…. I ended up planting a potatoes and sunchokes in the orchard hugelkulture beds. We’ll see if I regret adding the sunchokes in a few years!
If you print out this blog... then carefully cut around the preceding octagon... then fashion it into a top by taking a pencil (which, if you're anything like me, there is probably one conveniently stashed right behind your ear) and poking a hole in the middle of the well, for lack of a better term, spirally thing... then spin your top and just stare at it for hours on end... then you will have a glimpse of this place called Vertigo.
We just got back from a five day trip to Dhaka. For those of you who aren’t fluent in geography or political history, Dhaka is the capitol of Bangladesh. Bangladesh is almost completely surrounded by India, other than touching a tiny piece of Myanmar (Burma), and, until 1971, was part of Pakistan. It’s a third world country.
Psalm 106:1–Praise the LORD! Oh, give thanks to the LORD, for He is good! For His mercy endures forever
-THIS IS AWESOME CHANT!
I don't have a lot planned for this weekend except for Books 'n Bars tomorrow (time to discuss Lolita! Can't wait to hear everyone's thoughts...) and then Saturday and Sunday - ?? No plans! Besides taking a client to Zumba. Yes, you read that right. She wants to try Zumba! I jumped right on that. ;)
Don’t you find it strange how products that vary greatly can call themselves the same thing? I’ve noticed the same with several things like Tiramisu – so many variations , clearly totally different products but using the same name! Strange.
It will only come from You
Our Wine Notes:
Lagunitas Brewing Company A Little Sumpin' Extra! Ale
“Oh, I’m a Neurosurgeon.”
Have a fabulous day!
Winner of the Portsmouth Book Award 2009 (Longer Novel section).
Situational Aesthetics and the Art of Participation
Rating: 8.5/10
- Provide Health Care to Artists: Finding affordable health coverage has often been one of the most vexing obstacles for artists and those in the creative community. Since many artists work independently or have nontraditionalemployment relationships, employer-based coverage is unavailable and individual policies are financially out of reach. Barack Obama's plan will provide all Americans with quality, affordable health care.His plan includes the creation of a new public program that will allow individuals and small businesses to buy affordable health care similar to that available to federal employees. His plan also creates a National Health Insurance Exchange to reform the private insurance market and allow Americans to enroll in participatingprivate plans, which would have to provide comprehensive benefits, issue every applicant a policy, and charge fair and stable premiums. For those who still cannot afford coverage, the government will provide a subsidy.His health plan will lower costs for the typical American family by up to $2,500 per year.
I really need to get my tomato plants started NOW, so the fruits will be out about the time it really starts heating up in April or May. I love fresh tomatoes. Did I mention how much I love tomatoes before? Yes. Ok. I love fried green tomatoes too and I couldn't find any green tomatoes at the store last year.
The doctor on Tuesday said an x-ray wasn't worth it to prove they were broken or not, since the treatment is the same....time, and pain medication (tylenol 3 for me -- the stuff mixed with codeine). It's working somewhat okay, but usually if I do have to cough, I brace my side against a wall to push back against the force. A muffin crumb caused an involuntary cough and that freakin' hurt.
On top of the morning sickness, sleep has become impossible. The hip pain is unbearable and there seems to be nothing I can do to help alleviate it. I've tried a pillow between my legs, warm baths, a pillow underneath my hip, and Tylenol before bed. Nothing works. I spend the majority of the night flipping from side to side trying to find a spot/position that will afford me at least twenty minutes of sleep before I have to flip over again. Not to mention the fact that my bladder remains in a constant state of "full." I literally pee every five seconds. AND they tell me it's only going to get worse as the babies continue to grow.....I guess I better prepare to move in to the bathroom because between the morning sickness and my bladder, I'm spending an awful lot of quality time with ole John......
1) Get over the idea of one country, one language. Borok and his kids may not have perfect English but they had more important things to worry about while they were running for their lives. It is extremely frustrating when I hear people say “one country one language” and expect the discussion to end there . Yes, one language is useful for practical reasons, however to expect everyone entering our country to know English is foolish, inconsiderate, and unrealistic. Patience and grace (two things we as a country could stand to have a bit more of) are essential in all relationships, but especially when dealing with immigrants and even more so when dealing with refugees.
and imagined he was there
B: Everything sounded so dandy and sweet. I had no idea I was in for a treat.
One of Malema’s opponents said they have asked Luthuli House to intervene.
Drag: Oh and what does she do?
plus it keeps me from being struck by lightning next Maundy Thursday.
So listen
I found that the circle images seemed to work nicely on 4.25 square cards.
I was smiling to myself seeing all of us visiting in our PJ's.
I have to admit that this brewery's stupid name and stupid labels kept me from trying their beers for a long time. I guess I should have known better, since I've bought beers just because of the label, and was sorely disappointed. But Tommyknocker Brewery's Cocoa Porter Winter Warmer is just one example of why you shouldn't judge a beer by its label. Being a porter means it's not a "true" winter warmer, but both winter warmer and American porter are categories so broad that there's bound to be some overlap.
And while the initial investment is no more than a wide-body jet liner, even including an additional $100 million to upgrade the plant to maximise jet fuel production, it will put Delta in the unique position of hoping that the recent rebound in refinery profit margins — normally an indication of added costs for a fuel consumer — doesn’t prove too fleeting.
#4- Texas Jack (R)
This is where Estetica Institute of the Palm Beaches comes in. Estetica Institute is South Florida’s premiere destination for all aspects of cosmetic and plastic surgery. The Institute features a full medi-spa for all kinds of skin and body treatments and is the first of its kind in the United States.
Challenging, adventurous days come!
I was lucky as most of the wood to build the coop and run (with a shed load left over) has come free of charge in the form of pallets, 7 foot long pallets to be exact, I saw them in the car park of an industrial unit that was being re-furbished and asked the people doing the work if I could have them, they said yes, one chap even gave me a lift with a load, which when you only have a push bike and small trailer is a good thing.
Me: I just started busting out laughing then say "what do YOU say? You all? You guys"
We are the core of the issues. I’m ready, and I feel you are too.
Behind this much-too-large-of-a-body mom of four beautiful kids and three amazing angels.
Those that are trying to use this challenge as a mechanism to peddle division, factionalism and hate amongst our ranks is an enemy - and must be treated as one.
Paula yielded to the persuasive eloquence of Jerom; and the profane title of mother-in-law of God tempted that illustrious widow to consecrate the virginity of her daughter Eustochium. By the advice, and in the company, of her spiritual guide, Paula abandoned Rome and her infant son; retired to the holy village of Bethlem; founded an hospital and four monasteries and acquired, by her alms and penance, an eminent and conspicuous station in the Catholic church
1/8 yard 44" wide fabric for the yoke
Though you look so impassive, ample and spheric there,
Last week, having written an article about the 35th anniversary of the Scillonian III, I was fortunate enough to get a freebie day trip to Scilly. Many thanks to Jacob from Isles of Scilly Travel for organising it, Dave Redgrave the captain for the excellent (and correct!) weather forecast and inviting us onto the bridge, and for Marcia the Purser for escorting us.
As with Celan, Kim writes with an obsessive precision that at times verges on the violent. The silence of the copious white space is broken by speech that is quiet, yet also loud. At this limit of language the word is stretched to its breaking point.
I have so many different fabric remnants and fat quarters with such pretty patterns on them and I'm desperate to start making things with them, but there are so many ideas flying around in my head that it's difficult to pluck one out and put it down on paper! The first thing I plan to make after Izzy's laundry bag is a Union Jack satchel with floral cottons. I can't wait to start, but I have to learn a bit more patience when it comes to my crafts, and pace myself a bit better like I do with other tasks.
I will certainly remember this when I next feel a very passionate I’m right thought, it will help me to not turn into a storm cloud.
That was the most surprising factor when I walked out of theater at the end of "Inception". I asked myself, "THIS was the movie that inspired such nonsense for the last two weeks?" I can understand a more impassioned debate over Charlie Kaufman mind-benders "Synecdoche, New York" or "Eternal Sunshine of the Mind", which even their detractors would admit have emotional content to debate on top of their plot construction. Nolan's film is a trifle by comparison. Its reaches towards depth seem so half-hearted. Much like Robert Fischer at the end of "Inception", most of what I had experienced dissipated from memory. Unfortunately, for Nolan, the inception that there was a truly mind-blowing thought to be found in his movie outside of the plot never took in my mind.
I filled the flower's center with Glossy Accents to hold that large pearl, and it took about 2 hours to dry. ;/
* 1694 porta-potties
Could ‘Islam’, like ‘diina’, in this verse, not be translated, too, into English?
I can’t say this happens with every series I read. Clearly, I have loved Vampire Diaries enough to read all this time–even including the books LJ did not write (That may kill my love, though. We’ll see. I’m a little behind on them). And let me tell you, Vampire Academy! I love this series. There’s been a huge gap between reading the first one last summer and the second one over Christmas break and the third one coming into my possession very soon but, nevertheless, they have gotten better and more enthralling with every page. I may have been bad and not been able to handle not knowing and Wikipedia-ed the whole series so I know what happens. However, it only made me more excited to finish the series (Plus, there’s a page on Facebook pulling for Taylor Kitsch to play Dimitri. He would make a fabulous one in the movie and I am all for it. But, heck, I’ll see anything that boy is in. Battleship, here I come).
Below, I have but a before and after photo of my skin care basket that sits on my Bathroom counter to show you how far I have been so far.
Ok so now for a morning after edit... There is no way that this beer is still 9% after 2 years. With how hazy my recollection of the night before is, I imagine that this beast has got to be 12 plus at least by now. But do I regret it... Not at all, that better was simply epic.
Tuesday was Growing Up Organic produce pickup day. While Laurent, the produce middle man, was at the farm to pick up our stuff, he gave me an anti-pep talk, lamenting how the handful of growers on the island more than satisfied the limited demand for local organic produce. It's at least the third time he and I have had this particular conversation but each time I'm left with more of crisis of confidence than the last time. There's no money doing this stuff on the scale we're doing it on. And if you do mass produce something, you'll have to export it from the island, and/or sell it for almost nothing. Locals can't or won't pay the true cost of food. Et cetera.
This year we wanted to see the 'Regard de la Lanterne', the grandest of all the regards, at the Place des Fetes on the top of the hill. We had to queue for a while, during which time we were entertained and educated by a very entertaining and informative Monsieur. The Regard de la Lanterne is where three channels of water from the nappe feed into a small basin which in turn feeds the aqueduct of Belleville - the principal channel in the system. Again, the function of this building was nothing more than to allow for inspection of the waters and channels. As our guide drily emphasised, if such a system was built today, then nothing more than a 50mm pipe would carry the water, with a small box for inspection, all hidden away. But this system was built in another era when things were done differently. There was more grandeur and more ceremony. There was a desire to celebrate technology. People wore big hats and cloaks and the buildings they built had to accomodate them properly.
I have been obsessing over mini book ideas and inspiration for quite some time but I've never been brave enough to leave my card comfort zone. Oh friends, this is a whole new era for me and I am beyond thrilled with what's in store. I think this is going to be a perfect fit for me because the "canvas" size is still small enough to feel comfortable (card-like) and I get to capture memories of my sweet family/darling kids.
Sun Nov 27, 2011 7:37am GMT
A walnut-size lump of butter
Rainy Day Women Nos. 12 & 35
For example: what if a fortune-teller said that next week I would miss a train. Then, suppose I didn’t believe this but I was careful anyway (because I usually am and maybe because a part of my mind was annoyed about the silly fortune-teller) and I caught every train I wanted. And supposing one of my trains crashed. OR supposing one of the trains that came after it crashed, so that if I’d missed mine I would have been on it… These things can boggle our minds if we think too much. I’ve had lucky escapes that I’ve known about (I blogged about them on Tues May 4th and if you’ve got your own stories of chance, let me know over there!) but I’ll never know how many other lucky escapes I’ve had. Or how many fabulous things I’ve missed. It’s the same for everyone. Tiny events affect us in ways we can’t control.
TASTING NOTES: I decreased the chipotle from 1 teaspoon to 1/2 teaspoon (I'm whimpy about heat). The chili has a tangy flavor from the tomatoes, with light notes of citrus from the lime zest and juice. This is very different than a traditional beef-style chili, but it's a nice change. It tastes "healthy". I don't know what to say if you have children to feed-- there isn't a lot of tequila, but I'm not going to risk Child Protective Services from paying you a visit. If you leave out the tequila, I'm sure that the chili will taste fine-- or, you could skip adding more tequila before serving. The first two tablespoons, added at the beginning, would have long cooked out any alcohol. Your choice.
Also known as: avoiding the 8 mile run I had committed to.
‘I swung again, putting fractionally more into it,’ I mimed the swinging of a golf club. ‘The ball just flew like it was going out of a cannon. You should have heard Henry laughing. That big galoot nearly bust a gut he was laughing so hard.’ I wiped a tear from my eye. ‘It was pretty funny though cos I had been saying all morning that was I gonna learn to control my swing and my power and I just proved I was all talk.’
Meantime, Europe has also been bailed by the Fed with our money and the arrival of Euro reality is likely closer than that of America. But the two are joined at the hip; whenever one goes, the other will follow because all the banks are in it together these days.
There were two reasons I got my children baptised. Firstly to appease my family, and, secondly, in case I ever wanted to send them to a private school, in Australia most private schools are of one religious denomination or another, and, being Russian Orthodox, you’re classed as a ‘Christian minority’ and accepted into all private schools. Yes, I know, they’re selfish reasons, the first is not only selfish, but, cowardly, but, sometimes we do things for our family that we don’t necessarily want to. I have brought my kids up atheist (quite vociferously so), and I’m happy, and so are they.
01 (What's the Story) Morning Glory
So there's a wee bit of irony that from the land of peperoncini and soppressata, I bring you ice cream. But look at it all melted and creamy and yielding in the sun. Imagine it in the hot Calabrese sun...
I said:
I have to say, I really like this list of "must have" footwear, and I do indeed have all of these. Plus, I think if you have at least one of each of these shoes, you will be set for almost any occasion. The only shoe I would add to this list is a heeled bootie. Not necessarily a classic, but definitely a great way of keeping your shoe wardrobe nice and current.
I thought to myself I think we are city-type people.
And then I see it! A light!
Discoverers of beauty’s sunlit ways,
The United States was “measles-free” during calendar year 2000, with no reported measles cases at all, however this has significantly changed for the worse during the intervening decade. As a notifiable disease, all cases of measles are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. In 2011, 222 cases of measles were reported in 31 states, marking the highest number of US cases in over 15 years. The 222 cases in 2011 resulted in 70 patients (32%) with complications serious enough to warrant hospitalization, however no US deaths due to infection were observed.
I will still be taking on alterations and custom work! I have sewing students lined up for after the holidays! So do not hesitate to contact me!
I was warned not to get too carried away buying clothes because I would end up with a ton. I bought clothes in lots - sold through our county's online yard sale and I'm so glad I did. I must be one of the rare people who didn't get tons of clothes at my baby shower! I had a friend who got us about 8-10 onsies - in my husbands favorite team and some other really cute ones but other than that, I didn't get too many clothes. My mom got us his coming home outfit that I helped pick out and we got socks as I requested and needed but that's it. So I'm actually glad I got the clothes that I bought!
2 tablespoons grated lemon zest
Anyway, over to you. Would you tweet an experience like that? Have you known somebody who has? Please feel free to share in the comments.
Buying a new ornament every year for each child
that will sustain me until I can make plans
Linda stirs beside me in the bed and takes a peek at the clock. I snuggle up behind her and put my arms around her.
This photo is a picture of me and a fellow Rotaractor, Susan, on one of the local trains leaving Stockholm to go to the conference… always a pleasant ride.
the book is closed
The seventh art, that of the screen, is depth rendered perceptible, the depth that lies beneath that surface; it is the musical ungraspable....
Williamson WD, Desmond MM, LaFevers N, Taber LH, Catlin FI, Weaver TG. Symptomatic congenital cytomegalovirus, disorders of language, learning, and hearing. Am J Dis Child 1982; 136: 902-905.
The first key is to have an established and proper trading plan. This plan will have measures in it that will help the trader to re-focus on his/her rules to stop from snowballing out of control. Specifically you should have ‘circuit breakers’ in your plan that force you to stop trading when you hit a dollar amount loss threshold on any given day. Also, it has a specific plan for what you do for the next trading session. There’s a lot that goes into this and we cover it extensively in our coursework.
We kicked ass at that game. Sort of. I looked up cheats with and without Qacei's permission. She didn't like it. But then she told me to.
Free-for-all
Did any of you catch the American Idol finale last night? Christina Aguilera sung her new song, “You Lost Me”, off of her new album “Bionic” (due out June 8 ) and it was just incredible. She is such an incredible singer and artist, not to mention beautiful.
Lettuce will get you the biggest bang for your buck plus it’s super simple to grow. Think about it. If you spend a couple bucks to plant lettuce, you’ll make that money back the first time you make a salad from your garden. Lettuce is a cool season crop and needs just six inches of soil to grow.
Wondering which card it is? Read on APTBNL subscriber...it's one of the first cards out of the pack so you'll know after just a bit of scrolling! If you read on after that then cool, if not...hey at least you saw the best card!
Since i can't post one of my new cards and fimo - i thought i would show you an old one .. if you have'nt dug deep into my blog you will have missed this one !
Hyphens are liberally or reservedly applied based on the source. As we decided to spend a great deal of time talking about the old farm and the early years, we settled on 'St. Mark's in-the-Bowery'. But I even twisted myself around during recording and said 'on-the-Bowery' accidentally at least twice, so sorry for the confusion!
Track listing for Cliff Deegan and His Western Riders - Cowboy Favorites:
And so she weaveth steadily,
Yesterday the 17 year old KidAdult asked me if I would teach him how to make it. Really? Okay. I'm all about self-sufficiency.
You also think about all problems in your other books. One of the problems with my books is depth. In all my books a change in one chapter means going back and changing five other chapters. It's a pain when it comes to editing. It's a style I like and want to keep, but I run the risk of each novel becoming more and more complex.
Death toll from the devastating EF-5 tornado that struck Joplin on May 22 has risen to 132, after the remains of 6 more victims were identified, according to Joplin City Manager.
Or in terms of laughter – I didn’t hear that much of that – except coming from me.
Adam Holt
“Colly woobles…remind of jellies..only jellies are nicer and tastier.
Greg was quite an odd-looking person. Nearly six-foot tall and pear-shaped, his face was flat and flared out at the bottom and his eyes were so deep-set you could barely see them. His thin, receding hair was pulled back into a pony tail. At first Greg made everyone nervous by standing far too close to them but our boss, Dorothie, who never had any trouble taking people down a peg or two, sorted that out straight off and he fitted right in to the dysfunctional family that made up the staff of our little hotel.
I am not the same
An Ceann Comhairle: ￼ ￼ Can we get back to section 5?
He referred to his time as a U.S. Senator and how he had voted for every Native American issue that came to the floor of the Senate. Although President Obama was vague about the details of his plans, he seemed most enthusiastic and spoke eloquently about his ideas for helping his "red sisters and brothers."
To celebrate both the opening of The Guild and my 200,000 visit, I have been holding a giveaway of 5 art books. And today, 5 lucky people who were randomly picked will each add 1 art book to their personal library. Thanks to everybody who played - all 289 of you!
“This is your last chance. After this there is no turning back. You take the blue pill, the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill, you stay in Wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes. Remember, all I’m offering is the truth, nothing more….”
Normal price for a beer:: 1 €/0.15 Liter
And then there are a couple of guys who don’t even combine to equal Moyer’s age. Cole Hamels beaned teen phenom Bryce Harper the other day, and then admitted he did it on purpose. He said it was “old school” and welcomed the rook to the bigs. Hamels wins this argument (five-game suspension resulting be damned) for multiple reasons.
Ingredients of plain bread:
Excerpts from the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act:
Place filling into crusts. Crumble pistachio nuts and
Battery: Rechargeable polymer battery.
remove from heat and cover to keep warm
Thanks for following.
But for those not ready for the urban jungle, Costco Wholesale (of all places) can be the next best thing. It’s not the shopping so much as the wholesale experience. I think its the closest we have to the open-air markets and bazaars that many of them are used to. And have you noticed the diversity of shoppers?!? Bargain hunting must be a universal.
In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida (Atco/Atlantic)
Here are just few of his words of wisdom that came my way while listening to him.
Return the dirt and grime to its rightful place in the ground
As you can see, using PLR articles are not only effective in providing truly useful content. They are also cost and labor-efficient, which means you can focus more of your time to more important matters, whether they are for business or otherwise.
hope you feel inspired
I don't know about you, but I really don't want to lose that. It's one thing to have a Congress without characters like Dennis Kucinich around to give the place atmosphere. It's quite another to have baseball without the DH to argue about.
How to make the apple jam :
The markets' reaction showed the ANC that a radical change to the country's economic policies and key personnel in ministries like finance would be unwelcome.
Republican and RedState.com editor Erik Erikson, meanwhile argued that an overruling would represent more mainstream sentiments than not.
So I had a different stride in my step. A different light in my mind. A new kind of peace in heart. We did her balloon release and as we talked and mingled.. we found many more ladybugs making their presence known. I just know that Savanna and Kamryn were there with us all.. blessing us with these sightings and ensuring us all that they were close by forever and always.
I get tired of all the mail stating the President hasn’t accomplished anything. An impressive list of accomplishments!
asking for trust and kroners,
“All right, just for the sake of argument, I’ll go along with the possibility of the over-zealous admirer scenario, but Gray, she wasn’t irritable and she wasn’t scared. She simply didn’t—and I believe doesn’t—like you.”
Earlier this month, Altantuya’s father Dr Setev Shaariibuu told a press conference in Petaling Jaya that he had offered himself as a witness in the Scorpene submarine probe, claiming that his testimony would be able to “connect the dots” between her death and the Scorpene” case.
fleeting state of electronic dislocation was my chance to hatch a plan I had been
that your words can create the realities you want to see in your life. All you
I literally dreamed up this little basket Friday night and I'm so egg-cited with the final result! You should be used to my bad puns by now - my husband makes me do it...LOL! Anyway, I had a dream about giving them to my co-workers, and I was dying to make it when I woke up Saturday morning, but I was out of town at my sister's. Luckily I had my Gypsy with me, so I started designing it on my way home in the car Saturday night.
Back to the show, it was a night with an amazing positive spirit. For me it was a lot of fun to meet a lot of other Dutch and Belgian models. Some of them I've worked with or seen briefly at a casting, but never was there a chance to chitchat in group like there. A lot of experiences and tips were shared, all under the approving eye from the make-up and hair team. And, as it should be with a plus-size shows, with enough snacks and sandwiches to munch on. How great can my job be!
Burt's Bees sent me their Sensitive Skin Facial Cleanser and their Sensitive Night Cream to review.
It’s like, if it isn’t there then it isn’t real or something. That’s where the next bit of advice you always hear came in to do some heavy lifting.
Beat in 1/3 of the flour mixture on lowest speed. Stop and scrape down the bowl and beat, then beat in half of the buttermilk. Beat in half of the remaining flour mixture. Beat in half of the remaining buttermilk, followed by the remaining flour mixture. Finally, beat in the jam, and then the raisins and walnuts.
It wasn’t until just now that I suddenly realized where the monkeys could have possibly gone. I need to look into it more, but we may finally be able to leave windows open from time to time. Shiva Shiva hey.
4 ounces of cold butter, cut into bits (1/2 cup)
But even the three really good sculptures beg another, even more pressing question: if Houseago can hang formally with the greats, what is he bringing to the table that distinguishes him? He can pull off feats technically. He can be shifty like Picasso. He can come and go talking of Michelangelo, so what?
A powerful instrument, the Zebra was described as having the capacity to store and index as many as 100 000 concurrent calls in a central repository with up to 400-million entries, all in real time.
1986 was a touchstone year for me. It was my sophomore year in college, the year that I really started to explore Austin and the music scene, the year I met a life-long friend, the year I started to step outside the wretched image I had of myself that was formed in junior high and high school. When I was asked to do the deb thing the previous year, I saw it as a vindication of sorts against the bitchy girls I knew in high school. By the fall of 1986, I could have cared less. But we were already in.
amazing selection of kids books.
She survived a vicious predator attack last summer, made it through winter, and persevered after a run-in with a car. My car.
So what's the problem here? Why shouldn't police protect the feelings and racial sensitivities of Muslim men above those of vulnerable teenage White girls? I mean, these poor down-trodden men, all struggling to live in Western countries deserve a little compassion from the police and social workers. The victims were only White girls who probably deserved what happened to them. As long as the new Muslim immigrants feel good about living in the UK - and their sexual deviations met - then their crimes deserve to be overlooked, just so that the police and social services don't appear to be racist. Are you @$#%#^&& kidding me?????? Even after the first girl reported her rape to the police in 2008 they ignored her. One of the girls was raped by 20 men in one evening and still the police were to frightened to act in case they were seen to be racist. So, they let these victims suffer, and let even more girls become victims all so that they could come away with clean racial hands. Even while these Muslim perverts were treating these girls like easy sexual meat. This is what our society has been reduced to. I hope all liberals out there who use racism as a way to denigrate White people are all very proud of themselves. Political correctness is a weapon of the liberals, socialist and Marxists. They have used it over the decades to turn us - in particular the White race - into a bunch of pansies, too scared to look after our own in case we are subjected to cries of racism. This is the result - up to 50 vulnerable White young teenage girls ignored by the system - which is there to protect them from such perverts - all so that a few officers and case workers - and even a LAWYER - are not seen to be racist. I hope you are all proud of yourselves, you bunch of lilly-livered cowards. And the irony is that it's a fellow Muslim - chief crown prosecutor Nazir Afzal - who decided to open the case against these men. Apparently he didn't feel any guilt about catching and skewering these bastards.
People began herding their livestock between the two fires as young men jumped through the lowering flames, casting dried sedge and heather into the hungry flames. The cattle were blindfolded and pulled between the double fires. After which the sheep were herded through with the help of many men and a couple of dogs. Bran nipped merrily at the heels of every sheep possible, thoroughly enjoying his work! Next came the horses. All of them had to have dark cloth tied about their eyes and cajoled through with reins. All except the O’Neill’s horses. The three horses, Brodie first, Sammy next, and Emma last walked unaccompanied yet confidently between fires.
It was a deserted station. One side of the platform was the rails where the choo choo would arrive. And the other was a kind of parking lot for trains. Row after row of them. My drinking partner looked round and said
Combine hot, cooked pasta and sauce in the large pot; stir well to combine. Pour entire mixture into a greased 11-inch-by-7-inch pan (a 9 by 9 probably would work as well). Top with 8 ounces. of shredded cheddar cheese and 2 tablespoons of Pecorino Romano cheese.
Galatians:
2. It’s old fashioned.
In West Indies, they called Don Bradman the ‘White Headley’. Comparison to the great man is probably the ultimate compliment in the world of cricket. Statistically, Headley is the closest thing to Bradman that the world has seen. His rate of scoring both runs and centuries is faster than all others, save Bradman in Test as well as first class cricket. He made runs with a style and brilliance that have not been since. His amazing ability and remarkable consistency are best exemplified in the fact that between 1929 and 1939, the Black Bradman did not have a single bad series. These performances become even more remarkable in light of the fact that his team was solely dependent on him and in the 22 games he played, he scored a phenomenal 25.6% of his team’s runs as well as 10 of the 15 centuries. No other batsman has performed with such consistency while carrying such a burden for so long.
It was cool going into some of the background story of characters like Magneto, Charles and Mystique.
“So do you want the good news or the bad news?” Jess asked. She was almost certain Molly would ask for the bad news, she always had done before. Although if she asked for the good, Jess was in trouble.
The photographers from some architecture magazine turned up yesterday after lunch and dragged us into the car park for some corny comedy group shots. If I manage to get hold of one I'll post it, but sheesh … they gave the boss a pair of shears and made us all twiddle with our moustaches while he pretended to attack us. Magazine photographer must be almost as soul destroying and thankless a profession as wedding photographer.
Ok, I'm off now to do something with a new stamp from The Artistic Stamper and some vellum.............
jenni@successformula.co.nz
But time is a bitch and she comes calling to all of us sooner or later.
3.What about raising the dead?
We had 8 lovely entries and the DT all loved calling past and seeing your creations.
While pasta is cooking, in a saucepan saute the olive oil, garlic and pepper flakes for about 3 minutes until the garlic is golden (be careful not to overcook the garlic). Remove from heat and stir in the lemon juice then cover and keep warm.
What is “noodling” you ask? According to Wickepedia – “noodling is the practice and sport of fishing for catfish using only one’s bare hands” – a convincing argument that this sport is not for the faint of heart.
Damon Che, though, didn't end up doing too bad for himself anyway, when it was all said and done.
I used my Silhouette to cut out a fun border and the word "cookies" in vinyl. After I placed the letters carefully on the jar, I put our cookies in it and it found a new home in the kitchen pantry! I love it! It is fun making something old that was sitting with no purpose anymore into something functional and cute!
The report observes that there is considerably more property coming onto the market, including from NAMA and its debtors. It is reported that the sale of the €27m David Arnold-developed One Warrington Place in central Dublin “has now signed and is due for completion shortly” – the buyer isn’t identified save to say it is a “US investor” but rumours abound that it is a company called Northwood which has made the purchase, after the previous purchaser, Prudential dropped out.
Whilst Bo Saris’ sound pays homage to the classic sounds of legends such as Bill Withers, Prince, Marvin Gaye and Amy Winehouse, he wears their influence lightly and with such a fresh and accessible approach, you’ll soon be remembering Bo’s name in the same esteem.
Before posting anything new, I thought I'd "renovate" to the best of my ability three entries that I knew stood some improvement in terms of audio quality. First up was the Pedaljets 1986 demo tape I shared last August. The pitch sounded slightly off, so I took care of that. In addition, tracks four and five were a little warbled, but when I ran the cassette through my trusty deck again the playback was perfect. Two birds with one stone.
I’ve been operating by candlelight and flashlight in the evenings. I’ve been sticking to most of my reading during the day or at the Lokkers, who always have power for lights since they have solar power and batteries and are not relying on the town’s electricity. Although, they don’t always have 110-220V to power computers which is a luxury I do have in my house, that is, when the electricity is working.
The Greek government appeared increasingly shaky on Friday night as its junior partner, the populist Laos party, said it would not support a controversial €130bn (£108bn) loan agreement for the crisis-hit country and several senior ministers resigned.
Prayer: Father, in Jesus name, I thank you for delivering me today. I know you did not cause this trouble to happen to me. I believe Jesus is saving me, starting right now and I praise you for your glory transforming my life. Amen
So I said "adieu" to my French colleagues (who are a lovely, dedicated crew that I'll miss joking around with), and "if you're ever in Paris..." to my UK colleagues (who are a twisted bunch that I am gutted & heartbroken to leave behind), packed up my things and headed home to my new office.
Visiting my family in Houston for Thanksgiving was a blast, but the change of scenery only compounded Alex's inability to sleep for more than an hour or two at a time. We arrived back in Austin last Sunday hoping against our better judgment that being back home would help get Alex back on his pre-teething sleep schedule. It did not.
A soldier, who is given an invisibility cloak, follows the sisters across a lake to a magic castle where the princesses dance all night long. He follows the girls for three nights, taking souvenirs from the Other Kingdom as proof for the king. He solves the mystery and marries the eldest daughter, becoming king himself.
The Huntsville Islamic Center, like many others, seems to believe the Koran and sharia trump the U.S. Constitution as well. They were signatories to a letter that condemned the Danish cartoons and asked governments around the world to criminalize such freedom of speech and expression when it offends Muslims:
Kulula Airlines in South Africa is offering a special that flies a man’s fourth wife for free! We now know why Newt Gingrich is dropping out of the race. Does Callista know?
As for this month we are catching our breath, leaving Saturday for a week in Costa Rica, finishing a few pieces of furniture still waiting for last coats of paint, posting many, many, many favorites from recent sessions, and getting galleries up for the remaining friends/family sessions still waiting to be done (I love you for being so patient!). And planning a wedding for my sister, Paige, who just got engaged!! Woohoo!
01 - Another Place (Like Home)
Doing their walking shots, hoping I'll agree.
When he was nothing more than a swaddled white blanket, with a balding head......
Recently, me and the boyfriend spent some time away in Brighton. Apologies for the extremely hungover mess I am here (HUGE night out and not much sleep to blame) but this is what I wore one day...
One prank that went bad was my sister had put shoes above a door that led downstairs hoping that she would nail someone in the head when they opened the door. Well she did alright….the telephone repairman. Nailed him good she did, then she blamed it on the younger, less-defensive siblings.
“The big cities go through all sorts of time and money to put speed bumps on their streets to slow traffic down,” Whizzer said. “Instead of a bump we have a hole and they’re all over the place. You go anyplace else and you can speed up between bumps. Ya can’t do the here.”
Well it seemed only fair to do one of Scott as a baby. I had been playing with Bo Bunny Country Garden and as that was still spread all over my scrap table, I decided to just go with it. Funny enough though...they both ended up with a lot of yellow in them and I think will look quite cute next to each other in my album!
In the last 3 years I have watched the demographics of households change right before my eyes. The family across the street from me was the first – The husband lost his job because China bought up the steal factory, dismantled it and moved it to China – they kept him on long enough to train his own replacement over seas and help move the factory onto the boat.
His family has already experienced success at the Grand National meeting; his high-class half-brother Tiutchev scored the last of his 12 victories in the Martell Cognac Cup (now the Betfred Bowl) in 2004. Tiutchev, by Soviet Star, was bred for and started his career on the Flat before graduating to jumps, but Rare Bob, by top jump sire Bob Back, always had a jumping career planned. When he was sold at auction as a foal i37,000 foal in 2001, Tiutchev had already win an Arkle Trophy and an Ascot Chase; by the time he made i125,000 as three-year-old, his older brother had added another Grade 1 and had been placed in both the King George VI Chase and the Queen Mother Champion Chase. It took him 14 runs to get off the mark, a sequence of losses that included five thirds in a row and a disqualification for a wayward course after beating Trafford Lad a short-head in a novice chase at Punchestown in October 2008. His first victory came at the Co Kildare track three months later, when he beat last year’s John Smith’s Grand National runner-up Oscar Time, and he returned there in triumph again at the April Festival to account for Gone To Lunch and Joncol in the Grade One Champion Novices Chase. His sole success in 17 runs since came at Leopardstown in January last year. He has paid two previous visits to Aintree, third in the John Smith’s Handicap Chase two years ago and in contention when unseating in the same three mile, one furlong contest last year. His latest run in a light campaign this season was a third place in the Leinster National at Naas in March.
I hope that people will accept him. I hope that acceptance comes not from his ability to achieve some proximity to 'normal', but from an equal transaction. He is here, you are here. Together, you connect or not as needs demand. It's not going to be exactly the same social transaction that most people effortlessly exchange multiple times an hour, but I hope it can be as equal a transaction, nonetheless.
The birthday boy with his mom adjusting the cape for a picture.
One thing about drinking a lot of beer is that occasionally you’re going to have a bad one. Perhaps it was infected or spoiled by light. Perhaps the brewer or brewery was new and still working out the kinks on a particular style. Regardless, you couldn’t finish the beer in your glass and moved onto the next one...
The truth is I did it because I wanted to eat pancakes in labor. OK that's not exactly why, but it's part of it.
Say: The next time you find a real live helpful person on the other end of the line, thank them for their excellent service.
We got to a trail intersection and swung to the path on the right, trotted down the trail to another intersection. There was a little trail that shoots the right, goes down a small slope and straight out to the picnic area where I planned to turn around. I used to gallop Cruiser on this trail. Since I wasn’t quite as confident with cantering Cole (yet) I trotted down the slope. When I hit the bottom, the old Judi came out, again. I whispered, “Canter” and we flew down the trail—not slowing down for the dog walker as he pulled his dog off the trail with seconds to spare. Cole didn’t know he was supposed to either turn where the trail turned or stop at the picnic area, so we did go a few feet into the grass, but then he stopped.
You will draft press releases. If you have experience in this area, you will be a stronger candidate.
I'll be back soon ... hopefully with pictures!
i spit up colors and prettythings
Something to crack open some sparkly stuff, methinks.
weeping as i read those words today. my heart. where i was one year ago and where i am now. my husband's heart and the numbing, quiet joy we felt on that porch on the river. still in shock. can this be true? the cancer is gone? just like our diagnosis changed everything. this day changed everything too.
New project only!
A tiny part of me was dreading this next bit. As much as I wanted it finished, I was also anxious about the possibility of tearing. A few contractions convinced me that I could do this thing. I didn’t want to have the seemingly endless crowning experience that I’d had with Imogen. So on about the third contraction where I stretched, I held the head there with the first real bit of effort I’d consciously put in. I was expecting to stretch wider with the next contraction, so imagine my shock as the head started to come out! I panted instinctively and it didn’t hurt anywhere near as much as I was expecting. And sweet relief! “The head is out!” Gone was the frantic panic, the feeling of helplessness in the face of the power of birth. I felt triumphant and determined to finish the job.
This was the outcome of the shattering defeat of Tony Blair, in the two years or so after he came to power, at the hands of the ultra-feminists and apostles of non-judgmentalism in his Cabinet and party who were determined, above all, to destroy the traditional nuclear family.
Now your thinking am I going to post a pre and post-op photo? No. These are boobs, not a new pair of earrings. If I bought my boobs for all to see that would make me a stripper. A stripper who doesn’t get paid. For one, I wouldn’t do that. Secondly, if I was a stripper I wouldn’t be a charity stripper. I would want a return on my investment. I wouldn’t just flash them for nothing.
5 cherries, pitted
1. He was in love with someone else days after we parted
So here we are , two years later .. still in Buenos Aires, sadly without Pup now... thinking of Change.
Most people say 'I can't imagine doing that.' Trust me. While it is not an easy thing to do, it is easier than you might think, and when you read what I am about to tell you, it might just make you think twice before you pull into the drive-through if you are having any issues with your health.
And by the fine light of your skin, my eyes do see
"Yeah yeah, just put him the bag, he's fine there, RIGHT SON?"
But, we're getting a good deal on rent in a really great neighborhood, with landlords who are kind enough to let me do what I like with the place. It enables us to save money for a down payment on a house, which in the Bay Area is no small sum. And I can practice my home improvement skills before we actually own, so in the end, it will all be worth it. At least that's what I tell myself!
01. Nightwish - Amaranth
(董志鸿认为，移民与关卡局应改变现有的移民程序。他说：“那些做基础建设、持工作准证的外劳基本上不会移民，因为他们只想多赚一点钱衣锦还乡。想移民的人，其实是接受过高等教育的高端人才。然而，当局却没有一个移民标准。什么样的人没有希望？申请被拒是因为什么原因？往后应该如何补救？完全没有方向感。”)
Lyrical Nanoha: 271
* bake a million cupcakes for emily's birthday on thursday
-Do you get jealous? If so, how does this make you feel?
Naturally, Switzerland and Burkina Faso must deny the claim that a ransom was paid because: 1) paying such ransoms violates international law, 2) announcing ransom payments in public encourages further abductions by the jihadists, and 3) paying ransoms indicates the countries are not prepared to use force to free their kidnapped citizens.
And her family, don’t forget the family. There are some real peaches in Melissa’s family tree. I wouldn’t mind lobbing a few back at Mom and a certain sister-in-law.
YOUR TINY BLACK FORGIVING EYES.
Beethoven
From the beginning, God intended salvation to be available for all people. The first promise was given in the Garden to non-Jewish Adam and Eve, the progenitors of all humanity. The blood on the doorposts and lintels covered Jews and Gentiles alike who were in the house. Jesus’ family tree contained Gentiles; multiple prophecies were given—people from all nations would come to God through his Messiah.
Sash: came with pants from Old Navy.
Wish you all could be here!
Police were unaware of the incident and urged Collett to report the matter for investigation.
Someone who must see or hear to believe does not believe at all. Remember the words of Hebrews 11:1
Lt. Gen. Babakir Zebari estimated Wednesday that it will be another 10 years before Iraq’s military is able to cope without help from U.S. forces.
Quilting ideas; meandering stitch allover the quilt with a free motion foot; use a walking foot and stitch a grid pattern; draw the design on tissue paper, pin it to the quilt and use it as a guide-removing the tissue paper when finished; stitch columns and stitch across rows to stabilize the quilt and quilt a free form design inside the squares; tie the quilt with embroidery floss every 4-5 inches; stitch diagonally across the quilt; use masking tape or blue painters tape to mark the line on the quilt and stitch along the tape–being careful not to catch the tape in the stitches; quilt as you go–layer each shirt with top, back and batting–quilt like a small quilt leaving the edges unquilt for 2 inch around the block. The blocks will the attached to each other and the resulting seam will be covered with a fabric binding.
The article by Shaka Smith really gave some hints. Check it out here! Read it and get motivated party people.. This is one of the ways I keep my momentum to workout my body every single day. I think it’s better to die rather skipping a day of awesomeness by gaining the Happy chemicals by working-out your body. No matter how bad the day was or how stressed you were with your business life, make a habit to hit the gym or go for 45 minutes run and cool down with 15-20 minutes Yoga session at you peace.
So what would you learn about the local medialuna scene by taking my tour? You would learn how to order them, how to best time your visit so you can score one fresh out of the oven, how to order the coffee that goes with them, how to tip the waiter, and the most important thing of all.... how to score some of the yummiest varieties in the city.
At some other time we will accompany Labour to his lowly abode but at present we are condemned to wander about the streets until daybreak. It is now ten o'clock; and a few slovenly, uncouth, shrivelled old hags make their appearance at the dark entrances of low, dirty, repulsive courts, where they remain on the look out for their helpless and intoxicated victims. Beetle browed giants, with hang dog looks and gaol-cropped hair, and muffled up in shawls and over coats, with capacious pockets, sally forth from the vile, infamous dens in the disreputable vicinity of "Flower and Dean Street," intent on errands of a burglarious nature; while tattered, mud splashed, and foot sore tramps, drunken beggars, and other specimens of the refuse of society, commence wending their way towards the filthy and over crowded lodging houses which are to be found in the rear of the High Street.
Another smart thing to do would be to get another job or a better job with prospects, a proper job description and an improved pay check on the 20th of each month. Easily said though.
This is happening in ALL White countries… and ONLY White countries.
You better say your prayers when you stand,
It’s really very simple. Trust in God. Have faith in Jesus. BELIEVE!! I know Jesus lives. I have faith that He is interceding for me with God! I am so grateful for that fact because I have messed up ROYALLY on numerous occasions! Yet, He forgives me, every single time that I ask for forgiveness, He forgives me. He is faithful to answer my prayers.
12 year old boy stops his grand mothers home from being taking from the greedy banks.
100 Monkeys are no more.
First the object has to be prepped for painting. I have to say, I am a huge fan of Claudine Hellmuth's matte-medium. It's nice and thick--doesn't run or leave streaks and it smells like bubble gum. I coat the entire object in matte-medium.
A half of cup of low fat sour creme
So will the dollar crash, as reported by so many who have been selling their financial services for so many decades to new generations of the fearful and unintentionally usurious hoards of people just trying to stay above water?
Quin - By picking flowers and peaches
Maybe I'll change my mind the same way I did with leggings, skinny jeans, gladiator sandals.... esh. a lot of things.
Well you saw my picture in the Corpus Christi Tribune. Underneath it it said:
Maybe this is my slight rebellious streak coming through here, but honestly, why is it that we become what other’s want just to please them? Sure conformity is good sometimes, say, when you drive on the correct side of the road like everyone else. But personally, I do not want to be who you say I should be unless I want it for my own reasons.
Featuring a who's who of notable ska legends and current up and comers, the second edition of the London International Ska Festival was so much of a success that the 2012 version was announced days after the 4 day festival ended.
Checkout the rest of the 23-year-old’s sexy photoshoot below:
With the nose cone removed the front bulkhead is visible, like other teams Mercedes fit a carbon fibre moulding to aid refitting the nose accurately and without damaging any parts during rushed pitstops. In Mercedes case the ‘cage’ like moulding mimics the shape of the cosmetic panel fitted atop of the structural element of the nose cone. This cosmetic panel was the dispensation teams were given to fair-in the 75mm nose step. In Mercedes case the part of the nose cone that does the impact absorption is the very rounded and pointed lower section, the upper section probably provides some degree of bracing for the structure, but is not the same thick sandwich construction of the lower nose section.
2. Stat categories where I can still improve
I am pro-immigrant. I want people to come to America with skill and vitality and vibrance. I want them to come legally. There are grandmothers that live on the other side of the border that are waiting to come here legally. I want them to come here, too, not just those that are already here.
If there is anything remarkable about the Sun article, it is in how representative it is of the paper’s overall approach to real estate coverage. The examination of issues is not only consistent with past reporting, it is entirely in line with the expectations and interests of the paper’s target audience.
How can that be? Every single day I extract words and thoughts and lessons from you and bring them into my own consciousness.
Windows is shutting down, and grammar are
Most of the walls in my house are beige. I have a beige that I've found that I love, so I stick with it. I like to add color to the rooms with accessories because I really don't enjoy re-painting walls. I love the way a freshly painted room looks, but the process itself?!?! No thanks!
But what arms can we take up? Just as America and the northern block prevent other countries from getting nuclear weapons, our state does not permit us, law abiders, to have weapons. Only crooks can have them. And history has taught us that phirangis can win over the weaponless easily.
2 tbsp apricot jam, slightly heaped**
So this was the 2nd such comedy night (the last was in the summer) and we (Rebecca, Rachel (new Brit to Kettwig) & I) were happily ensconced with large (is there any other size?) glasses of wine in the corner of the bar waiting for the 8.30 kick off.
the lady starts to sing, but she ain’t no disco dancer
#QUIZtion happens every Saturday night between 8:30 and 11 o’clock. No registration required. Just follow me on Twitter: @HecklerForever, wait for the question and then tweet your answer with the hashtag #QUIZtion. First three persons to tweet the correct answer will be recognized and shall receive heaps of praises, 10 seconds of fame, and an indescribable feeling of fulfillment. Tip: If you’re using a laptop or a desktop computer, download Tweetdeck to increase your chances of making it on the elite winners’ list.
I’m a fan. Randy Bachman is responsible for some of Rock’s most-enduring riffs. He’s a totally underrated guitarist (just ask Neil Young.) Tuneful and Jazzy, he can also rock with the best and make it seems effortless.
A review copy was provided by the publisher. Guilt by Association was released as a trade paperback book on March 1, 2012.
Does my heart feel so sad?
Toward the end of lunch I looked at my watch and realized I needed to get back to work. I looked at her and told her that and she said, "Not before you give me a hug." So of course I gave her a hug and then realized I needed to throw my plate away. I started looking around for the trashcan but she volunteered to throw my plate away for me. Just then I spotted the trashcan and told her Thank you but I'll get it. So I walked over and threw my cup and plate away and went back to tell her bye one more time.
11 needle
Anti-Gene-Patent Fever Spreads to Australia - On May 12, 2009, the ACLU and the Public Patent Foundation (PUBPAT) filed a now-famous lawsuit in the U.S. charging that patents on two human genes associated with breast and ovarian cancer are unconstitutional and invalid. The lawsuit was filed against the USPTO, as well as Myriad Genetics and the University of Utah Research Foundation, which hold the patents on the genes, BRCA1 and BRCA2. The lawsuit charges that patents on human genes violate the First Amendment and patent law because genes are "products of nature" and therefore can't be patented.
2. Don’t be afraid to speak up when your friend is out of bounds and needs help.
fire escapes in my photos. So anyway, I thought it
A HUGE volcano in Iceland – one of the most feared volcanoes in the world – could blow which would cause chaos across Europe.
Apparently, my 3 year old is doing impressions now.
All of these sounds have no thing in common – they remain unexplained.
In June 2011 the Guardian reported http://bit.ly/mCzRVZ that the Information Commissioner had ended his investigation into the “missing” emails, having been assured that none were in fact missing!
Starting June 17 and running the entire week to the 23, you're invited to join us in reading as many books written by Meg Cabot as you can. It'll be a Meg-a-thon!
Points the finger of power! Watch him wiggle it
Employees with
Of social, that is. Chief Creative Officer and Chief Social Media Officer at Mullen, Edward Boches talks Diaspora, that newfangled social node thing hell-bent on saving us from the privacy oblivion that is Facebook. But are we really that oblivious, or is it just the clueless ones that are all freaked out? You gotta KNOW THE CODE like those brassy twenty-somethings (whose women will selectively block access to your Foursquare Player Badge).
You already know about tree huggers and how they can make or break a project, but in this post, instead of trees, keep thinking BAT HUGGERS.
Every now and then, I like to turn the spotlight over to the members of the indie horror community, and let them shine it on their influences and favorite flicks. For this edition, I tapped Jordan Harris and Andrew Schrader of Bad People Motion Pictures to see what gets their spooky mojo working. Once you've browsed the list, click here to read my review of their film Fever Night AKA Band of Satanic Outsiders, or here to view the official webpage.
In Gloucestershire, we see a parallel line, where the County Council is raising the fees from an adult learning disabilities centre from £16.32 to £42.09 per day. In Sunderland, it is the meals on wheels service that takes the hit, with residents being forced to get their food from private providers, in many cases ramping up the cost from around £2.50 to £5.
If you're not proud of me right now, you never effing will be and can promptly go screw yourself.
I’ve never liked hockey. I just don’t get it. Basketball players in general annoy me and their size has greatly exceeded the current court which sucks all of the interest out of it. I’ll watch UM when they’re good and when they’re on TV, but I won’t seek them out. Football is still my number one love and when it begins in September my interest in baseball plummets substantially.
Last year I really got into making jams and the Soup kitchen saw strawberry, bramble and port, spiced plum and bilberry jams, and an assortment of jellies (crab apple and chilli is my favourite). I made the strawberry jam using a very similar recipe to the bramble and port jelly - (just without the port!). The strawberry vodka was made by soaking strawberries in a bottle of vodka with a cup of sugar. After about a month, the vodka was drained off the strawberries and passed through a filter into a clean bottle.
because there are some pretty fab prizes when you stop
Laki Vingas, the representative of non-Muslim foundations at the VGM, told the Radikal daily on Thursday that the decision is a sign that the minority property law passed in September is being acted upon by the government. This week, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the US Congress that she was encouraged by the “concrete steps … Turkey has taken over the past year to return properties to religious communities.” Turkey’s mostly Muslim population of nearly 75 million includes roughly 65,000 Armenian Orthodox Christians, 20,000 Jews, 15,000 Assyrians and about 3,500 Greek Orthodox Christians.
And they were attempting to take up headquarters in my body!
On Mondays I pull my album back to my scrapbook table and pull images from my library, resize and edit, and then send to Walgreens for one hour developing. I then start pulling papers and journaling cards and filling in the cards that won't have photos added to them. It's a pretty simple process when I take good notes in my calendar/planner . . . Here's the layouts from February :-)
I've found some literature that states that the body uses nutrients, water, and calories in the creation of breastmilk FIRST, before filling the body's other metabolic needs. It's not like I'm not eating anything. I am simply listening to my body's hunger cues, and satisfying them with (mostly) healthy options. People have been breastfeeding successfully for thousands of years without the aid of a calorie counter. Sometimes I think we just make things too complicated for ourselves these days.
Quite a lot of nonsense there, at beer-pages.com
Guess what.
"Search me." Britney answers, "We have more important things to sort out."
So I'm trying to be thankful that some kid out there who is Bug's size has new shoes for school and new tee shirts and a new belt and new jeans. I'm trying.
You can also use non-letter characters, such as:
Explore 4 floors of fine art & craft. Enjoy food, music, festivities & fun to WRAP UP your holiday gift giving.
Given the bizarre morality and values of our time there are some who try to suggest that very “Christian Missionary zeal” itself was a form of racism or imperial oppression cruelly suppressing local customs and traditions. However, that is all part of that doctrine which seeks find malevolence in all things western, and which attack western style Christianity for no better reason than that it is Western. Furthermore, although I believe passionately in the preservation of various ethnic cultures, I refuse to accept there is a moral equivalence between Christianity and those local customs such as Sati muti thuggee and female genital mutilation which were amongst the traditional which were suppressed. Neither do I feel that we should feel guilt for the fact that by suppressing them, countless thousands were spared the suffering they would otherwise have endured. (albeit in the case of muti and female mutilation, the victims were only spared until we left.)
I lost contact with her just one hour from now.
What does God say?
The gang’s growth in Northern Virginia has been fuelled by the growing ranks of Latino immigrants, about 120,000 in Fairfax County alone.
the first time i saw the flat iron in person, i was walking down the street to the strand, with my good friend, e. upon seeing the building, i did not stand and gape. i did not pull out my camera and begin snapping pictures, like many tourists around us did.
If you have any moral fiber in your body to stand up to this type of reporting then please sign this petition and lets send a message to the media that we are tired of the lies and hatred they create in this beloved country of ours. We are here to help one another and build this great nation, not tear each other down and create disharmony within our own walls. This country is run by the people for the people, not by media or by government. It was set up for the people to make change and be change. I call for action.
8. “Sweet is the Lord to all, and His compassions are over all His works.” Why then doth He condemn? why doth He scourge? Are not they whom He condemneth, whom He scourgeth, His works? Plainly they are. And wilt thou know how “His compassions are over all His works”? Thence is that long-suffering, whereby “He maketh His sun to rise on the evil and on the good.” Are not “His compassions over all His works, who sendeth rain upon the just and upon the unjust”? In His long-suffering He waiteth for the sinner, saying, “Turn ye to Me, and I will turn to you.” Are not “His compassions over all His works”? And when He saith, “Go ye into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels,” this is not His compassion, but His severity. His compassion is given to His works: His severity is not over His works, but over thy works. Lastly, if thou remove thine own evil works, and there remain in thee nought but His work, His compassion will not leave thee: but if thou leavest not thy works, there will be severity over thy works, not over His works.
10 Ship Items, and make customers happy!
These might be my favorite holiday cookie. Well, these and two or three others. Cream Parisian Wafers are part of my family's traditional holiday cookie spread. My Grandmother, who by the way is a fantastic cook, has been making these every year for as long as I can remember. Normally about half the batch make it onto a plate for the Christmas Eve guests; the other half my parents and I sneakily stash away in the fridge for a little closet Christmas eating. Sometimes my siblings get to them first. Anyway, needless to say, I have only ever met one person who didn't like these wafers. They are little different from the peppermint and fudge that rule the holiday season and they look like you spent hours to make them. (You might spend a couple). The cookie is flakey and buttery like a very light, airy shortbread and the icing is your classic buttercream, but richer. I would suggest a double batch: one for the guests and one for the family. Keep em' cold and enjoy with eggnog.
First off, yes. This basic plot device has been used before: aliens who come to Earth and take control of our bodies. But really, most interesting plot devices have been used before. As long as it’s interesting and the author’s spin is unique and fun, I don’t care.
I’m waiting to hear back from the attorney. Man, I’m so tired lately… Physically and emotionally. I don’t have the fight in me lately. I’m just too tired. Don’t get me wrong I’m not giving up, quite the opposite actually… but I’m tired.
black hole
And not just that. As my eyes have aged, I have found that my camera's lens has better eyesight than me. Taking photographs allows me to linger over details and make discoveries about a piece that I wouldn't necessarily see from a casual glance.
Gregory: Congress is a bunch of losers
Thank you ever so much for your sweet visits, comments and personal emails :) I truly appreciate them :)Please do come again :)
Steph
I really love this fresh and pretty family room redo by Freckle Face Girl (I also love the name of her blog seeing as how I, too, am a Freckle Face Girl. Lol!) Check it out!!
WEEK 9: Addresses/Contact Information
Social Issue: Racism.
We always sat still and listened when we went to Mass, but every once in a while one of us might get a giggle that we could not stop and even though there were 5 of us, my mom could be sitting at one end of the pew and you could be the last kid in the other end but she could still reach you with a pinch! (We kneeled at Mass anyway, so she settled for a pinch). Hey, maybe that’s one of the reasons my brother became an Altar Boy.
The site today stands empty. Here are some recent photographs:
This panel will explore different perspectives and interpretations of migration in literature and film by contemporary Hispanic women. 300-word abstracts. English or Spanish. by 10 March 2011; Inmaculada Pertusa (inma.pertusa@wku.edu) and Melissa Stewart (melissa.stewart@wku.edu).
I sit down and cross my legs in front of her. Everything seems real and everything seems just right.
Every piece of what you are,
This one is the last printable for the Family Fun section. I'll be back on Monday with a recap, and a plan of attack for the rest of the HMB. I do so hope you enjoy the printables!
London is one of the most vibrant cities you can ever come across. It’s a city for those who love cities. Not for nature-lovers or the faint-hearted. I find it so inspiring though. It takes my breath away every time I go there.
EnviroVideo presents Enviro Close-UP with Karl Grossman
At one point the train stopped.
*Shared with permission
There was this one ape of a pink man, who liked burgers and french fries and turkey cheese sandwiches for lunch every day. He walked around the floor insulting and picking on a few of his underling colleagues. He was assisted by his cronies. There was the man who liked being mothered by his Jamaican secretary and when he once yelled at her in crunch time, all hell broke loose. And things weren't calm until he apologized to her and bought her a gift. There was the man addicted to sex, and specially with Asian women because, as he admitted once, "they were eager to please." There was the intelligent Princeton graduate who really should have been a civil servant, but found himself crunching numbers for stupid mortgage backed deals -and was slowly getting enticed by the money. There was the Jewish man with short arms and reptilian eyes. He made himself a mentor to women and spoke nonstop, and once said that "the paychecks keep coming and after a while you stop to even notice." There was the Indian woman who wanted to be a freshly minted american citizen. And the day she did become one, she came in her knee length dress, and said, "I am a freshly minted american citizen." That was before her water broke - in the office- after which she became a mother and was the only banker who left at 6 pm. There was the "short man" trader with a personality and temper that more than compensated for his lack of height. He tried to take me under his wing - picked up a phone and said "this is how we get things done."
“It’s not insanity, father.” I stand up to him firmly snatching the right boot from him I have to hop once to keep my footing, but it’s easy enough. “This is something I can just tell…”
There are a few reasons for this.
1) Stone Axe – II
I have decided that I may hang this in my craft room to keep me inspired (well, that is the hope).
When in Sparta, walk around naked and have sex with little boys. Woof!
German postcard by Franz Josef Rüdel Filmpostkartenverlag, Hamburg. Photo: Constantin. Publicity still for Wir hau'n die Pauker in die Pfanne/We'll Take Care of the Teachers (1970).
Juices sipped through salted lips
I’m Listening to: Whistle while you work from Snow White. I adore motivational working songs. I don’t think I’d ever get anything done without them. Especially cleaning….grr…cleaning. I love the results, hate the effort. But today is a day to get ‘er done. So that’s what I’m doing.
“Yeah, I got a story. One that will make you laugh.” Jake’s stomach rumbled. “Billy Hunt almost got out of here. Somehow he got a ‘roo skin big enough to cover him and bribed his way out to where he’d hidden it. In the dark, he kind of looked like a giant ‘roo. The damn guards spotted him. They was as hungry as us, and they nearly shot him. They beat him near to death. I hear he went insane over at the Separate Prison. You don’t want to go there.”
~Jessica
25.- Do not speak to others of the piety of your child.
The good news for my son and for those of us living up north:
Well that was until I got hungry while watching a particularly boring episode of Hawaii 5-0 and thought of you.
I did not make New Year's Resolutions...I made and defined goals. For me, the difference between the two is desired results. I could have made a resolution to blog here, say, three times a week, with the desire to ramp up my internet presence. (Which I obviously did NOT do since this blog has been uncharacteristically quiet and my internet presence is really more of an absence). At this time in my writing career, such a resolution would have simply taken away from the time I must carefully guard for the sole purpose of preparing my manuscript for submission. Just after the holidays, I began receiving feedback from my critique partners and beta readers on my middle grade fantasy. I'd been anxiously awaiting their notes so I could dive into another round of revisions and I knew I'd need to set aside a significant amount of time to do them. And the best critiques are usually the hardest ones to apply to a manuscript--requiring a significant amount of thought, brainstorming ways to fix a plot element that isn't working, re-writing, re-evaluating sub-plots, dissecting characters and their motivations, etc. These are the revisions I've been pounding out on my laptop over the last three weeks.
Little did he know that OUR cat CAN catch! Well, he fetches, much like a dog...and returns it.
4G, known as the ultra-broadband allows mobile phone users to surf the Internet, video conference and download music, video and other content at a rate several times faster than 3G services that are still being rolled out across the country.
All of this will be leading to a discussion that we will be having in January about why "Stop, Drop, and Roll" works: if your clothes catch on fire, when you roll yourself around and around, you are taking away the fire's air, and it needs air in order to burn. Makes sense, doesn't it? I think that once kids understand this principle, they will be far more likely to remember to do, and should be safer, at least in theory!
The Mango Nectarine is a cross of nectarine “sports.” A “sport” is a naturally-occurring abnormality in fruit trees. Grower David Kamada from Ito Fruit Company said: “We see one sport in every 40 acres of our trees. You may get one branch that throws off a new variety. When we find it in our orchard, we mark it and then try to propagate it to see if it is something worth keeping.” Growing a new variety takes two paths, grafting or budding. In the spring growers can take a bud from a new sport and put it onto a new limb of a tree. Grafting is a similar process which happens when the tree is dormant in winter. The Mango Nectarine is believed to be a cross of two old-variety pale nectarine sports.
God is unchangeable.
Whew! Now if you're inspired to write a book of all 365 designs, please go get started!
Good Times Bad Times
Yesterday was a lazy morning with the kids having Spring Break. No rushing out the door with half eaten food in their hands. I decided is was a waffle type morning. I found a tasty recipe for Pecan Waffles. Pecans are a nut all member of the family like. I did have to sprinkle some chocolate chips on my daughter waffles but the rest ate them as they were.
I'll be in and out as the mood strikes me! So I may not blog much this week.
Ticket Sellers
Oatmeal & Peanut Butter filled Sandwich Cookies
I like that I have such a nice mom, dad, sister, and cousins, and that I have such a comfortable Snuggie that my mom gave me. That we have personal size pizzas I can make easily and overstuffed ravioli. Some games, just some.
- Concept Inventories: to assess understanding within physics, etc.
1. Don’t cheat yourself. Put in every stray M&M, drizzle of oil, sip of soda, etc. It all counts and it will be the easiest way to see where you can make modifications.
Now, she just keeps doing it. The other night, she started to take off her bib during dinner and when we asked her not to do it again, she took it off again and dropped it on the floor all while looking straight at us.
I used to walk in the shade with the blues on parade
Use this with good friends or others who’re responsive to feedback. For instance, if someone dominates conversations, sensitively say, “I appreciate your comments but I’d like to express my opinions too.” The person may be unaware that he or she is monopolizing the discussion, and will gladly change.
Earlier today me and Nadia were chilling at Starbucks 313. Nadia showed me this video on her iphone that actually made me long for Friday.
“I've bowled for the county, managed and captained the county team and played in various competitions,” he said in his quiet, unassuming voice. “It's an active sport, it's energetic and sociable. Because it's indoors you can play in any weather.” And judging by the bar next door, you could have a drink as well. Sounded good to me.
My response to the unoffered invitation to address, well, anyone about what I would do if I were Health Care King (h/t to Kevin):
I was always creative. I was the type of kid who squirreled away journals, wrote poems and stories, loved to draw and paint, and made weird stuff out of clay. As a teenager I was sure I was going to be a fashion designer. In college I was interested in writing, acting, and film. Writing, however, evolved into the winner and I decided to try and be one.
Everyone in America, whether he wishes this country well or ill, should read a dire warning of the consequences of mass immigration and ethnic separatism called Civil War II: The Coming Breakup of America. Its author, Thomas Chittum, fought as a mercenary in Rhodesia and Croatia, which has obviously colored his perception; but one man who's lived through history-in-the-making deserves more consideration than all the pundits in the liberal echo-chamber called the Mass Media.
~ I thought I was lost, but God still knew exactly where I was.
So what can UKTI offer to Welsh businesses?
One such commenter, named 'Deeva', recently left a comment at one of our most remarked-upon pieces, 'Why do people convert to Islam' which was first posted way back in March 2006. Her lengthy comment below, in italics, deserves a thorough, point-by-point debunking.
The dispatcher told Strey to pull her vehicle over, and she complied. She waited for a deputy to arrive with her hazard lights flashing. According to the police report, Strey failed field sobriety tests, and a preliminary breath test showed she had a blood alcohol content of .19, more than twice the legal limit to drive.
Marquez got the win – becoming the first Tacoma starting pitcher to earn a win since April 19. He was also the first Tacoma starter to pitch into the seventh inning since that same date.
Anyone who knows me knows that I am not a very, um, stoic person. But somehow, by the grace of God, I remained calm. I disciplined Evelyn and sat her on time out while I cleaned up the mess. I then cleaned her up and explained that what she did was wrong because we’ve told her not to touch the lotion. And then we prayed and she asked Jesus to forgive her.
The second one was Trees in the Pavement. I started that one in London, worked on it for about six months and decided it was rubbish. Fortunately I didn’t put it in the rubbish. When I moved back to the US, I dug it out, reread what I had written and decided that it wasn’t rubbish at all, but then I just didn’t know what to do with it.
Do I just have to face that the prince just doesn't like to sleep? Will I have to battle with this for the rest of his childhood? At least when he was a baby he would settle after a feed in my arms, now that he is a walking, talking big small person his night wakings are painful. Four times last night, two hours of sleep gone. Two wakings is a good night.
Cheers to puppy love!
I understand the need for makeup, the feeling you get when you’re all made up and ready for a night out, you find a new found confidence, you feel beautiful. However, makeup as apart of your everyday life shouldn’t be about transforming the way you look to a point where you forget who you are, rather enhancing what you already have and remembering that not everybody is the same and nobody is perfect.
Post n run today, I've got a full plate of work to do. But, I finished up my Fiddlehead Fern project I was working on with the copper and sterling. Here are the pics and links. I hope you all have a wonderful day and wish to thank everyone for all the kind comments you leave for me. I sincerely appreciate all of them!
Nico was also nominated for West Coast Powerade player of the Year, and selected for the South Orange County All-Star Team.
I’m posting a few pictures that will tell some of the highlights from Sydney’s point of view. A longer short version is posted on my Facebook Album here. Truly, I will post the “rest” of the story at a later date. But first, this is what Sydney said at dinner after she had met Amy Grant and talked with her at the sound check PRIOR to the concert.
It is good to just start by asking “what’s next?” What’s my next step in my life’s project?
Dousman will use $400,000 to finance road work and a new park entrance. Greenville will use $1,000,000 to finance road construction.
She couldn't pick me up for a while and hence the mayhem began. Mistake #1: I forgot to bring my sunglasses but I decided to depart anyway. And by "depart" I mean this: picture a chubby kid too tall for his age in a blindfold looking for a pinata minus the broomstick. Now picture him at the street corner walk sign trying to cross a busy intersection in the downtown core of a city. And his eyes were watering. And pedestrians seemed to be giving him a wide berth. That was me. And that's how profoundly sun-blinded I was due to the dilation.
2 ounces white baking chocolate, chopped
Be a permanent US resident and at least 18 years of age with a Social Security Number (or EIN), a US bank account, US address, US state-issued ID (driver’s license), and major US credit or debit card.”
Don't forget to click on the photos to get a better look!
One of my key-holding friends used to stay at my house when I was away. Needing a place of respite every now and then from her own busy family life, she would pack a bag and unlock the door to my place, settling herself in for a quiet evening.
TCI: (Laughing), I’m so sorry.
Cabinet Secretaries Notebooks covering this period CAB 195/13 was released at the beginning of February 2008. The papers of British Prime Ministers are classified under PREM at the public records Office at Kew. PREM 11/824 covers Churchill’s premiership. It has Information requested by the Prime Minister on immigration of coloured workers to the UK and their employment in the Civil Service; deportation of British subjects; powers of Colonial Governments; employment of Jamaicans in the UK 1952-1955 etc.
When something bad happens to a character or those he loves, we feel sympathy for him (if the author handles the situation well). In addition to sympathy over Walt Kowalski’s crappy family and his impending loneliness, he has positive traits to compensate for the venom that spills from his mouth every time he speaks: he’s hard-working, brave, loyal, straightforward and kind to his dog.
3 tablespoons cold water
Franky Goes to Hollywood Two tribes UK
"Here at Raider Publishing we do all we can to provide you and your novel the support that you and your book deserves. Many publishers will provide you with fewer services during the production process and will virtually forget about you and your work once it has been released. Raider Publishing will provide you with constant reports on your book's progress during the production process, and once we release your work, we guarantee to do all we can to promote your book to the world. Our goal is to provide you with nothing less then our full attention and respect."
I’m concerned that I’m doomed.
J: Rollerskating or Iceskating.
7:00 a.m. – Ski hill set-up begins (continues all day, until finished)
Maybe it's not hate but an loathing of ideals.
Classy & different
Last summer, I had the amazing opportunity of listening to reading expert Jim Trelease speak. One of the things he emphasized was the importance of summer reading. Children who do not read during the summer actually REGRESS and lose a significant amount of knowledge they gained during the school year. Sad! This little bit of "loss" accumulates and by the time they are in Fourth Grade they are quite a bit behind their peers.
This morning I blogged about my recent visit to the Como Park Conservatory.
More joy.
According to statistics presented by Lieutenant-General Gary Kruser, head of procurement services, to the portfolio committee on police, only 4 810 weapons were found again in the same time period.
There’s the $5000 weekend lie (mentioned in the previous story on this subject) again; it’s clearly intended to A) make us look like drug dealers, and B) build on the envy of Joe Sixpack who brings home less than that per month. Note also the astonishingly narcissistic petulance of the cops interviewed; they seem to feel American citizens should happily allow themselves to be robbed at gunpoint by criminals with badges. I am pleased, however, that Lesko slipped up and said “earned”, thereby admitting that our work really is work.
*Louise Mensch - Tory MP who subjected James and Rupert Murdoch to ruthless questioning over the phone hacking scandal
“We tried to teach dealers how to calibrate conversations”Yeah, that oughtta work. I can just hear the training session now:
A story develops. Naïve virgin Lucy meets Clive, who establishes their relationship on promises of success on the stage and offers of unconditional love. At the same time Mae is suspicious, has seen this before in her own life, but is too involved with her own self-loathing to get much involved. She becomes obsessed with the man at the bar, who by this time is a painter who works in the studio across the street. Sam makes a play for Mae, not by seducing Mae herself but by awkwardly asking the permission of Quig. Sam and Quig then become bound up in scheme of blackmarket meat, which culminates in a funny, although unbelievable scene, where Mae mistakes a bloody cow carcass for a drunk at the bar.
Just how forward are they?
Monday: The SignOut
Never open a packet of cigarettes indoors.
See how clogged you were? As long as you are in that state, you cannot function, let alone deal with the big karmic stuff. Which is why you need to do this much of the exercise regularly. Weekly, monthly, whatever suits your lifestyle. But not daily. (It’s a bit hard out for your energy, and unnecessary.)
2500m 10:33.1 (2:06.6) r22
If you express your own opinion first, team members may feel that they can’t disagree with you. Their only option is to say “Great idea, boss!” Soon you’ll have a team that behaves like the subjects in “The Emperor’s New Clothes.” You may never hear the truth, unless a new employee comes aboard and speaks out like the child in the story.
Bordenkircher said she didn’t know if the group would get a chance to speak with Sullivan.
Milk- 1 tbsp
My birthday was amazing...I honestly couldn't have asked for a better day. Well, maybe I could have. I could have asked my wisdom teeth to possibly have come in about 12 years ago, WHEN EVERYONE ELSE'S DID!!!!!!!!!! Anyway, one popped up, then got terribly infected, which resulted in the most unpleasant day of travel I have ever experienced on Tuesday. But all is well now after an emergency dentist appt, the swelling is going down & I'm on antibiotics...the tooth will be out shortly.
Daddy chains Fool in the cellar and then cuts up Leroy’s body, tossing bits of meat at the boys behind the partition and eating some of the meat himself. Daddy leaves Fool there but he gets rescued by the critically injured Roach who hides him in the furnace and gives him several gold coins and a written note asking him to take care of Alice. Fool agrees and Roach dies after showing him the way up to through the house to the attic up the chimney. Fool gets to Alice and they escape into the walls but Daddy sends the dog after them. Fool struggles with the dog while Daddy stabs at the wall with a bayonet. Fool manages to get the dog against the wall and Daddy stabs the wall killing it. Daddy thinks he killed the boy but when Mommy insists on seeing the body they realise it’s the dog he’s killed. Fool and Alice get up to the attic where they find the only window not secured because it’s a sheer drop two floors down. Fool remembers that there’s a pond right under it so it should be okay to jump but. Alice is terrified and won’t go. Just then Daddy arrives and Fool makes the jump alone, promising Alice he’ll be back for her. He lands in the pond and gets clean away.
It is like you understand my body is not ready to bend and dig to clean you up. I miss our dirty talk sessions and even cleaning and hauling last years messy glory to the compost or burn piles. You seem to understand. For that, I am thankful!
I see no ears whom can whisper my pain,
