The great news is that the roast turned out fantastic, as did the rolls! I tried using cook time and it worked! The roast was cooling as we got home and the hosue smelled awesome! I am definitely a meat and potatoes girl! Especially when I'm pregnant with boys!
It's fitting that the CinemArchetype Rule of 12 would be broken for Klaus Kinski, by Samuel Wilson's special request. My favorite moment for the man called Klaus is in the opening segment of Herzog's Mein Liebsterfreund. It looks like he's on stage as the closing act of the Stones' concert at Altamont speedway, he's just harranguing a disruptive audence with stout Teurtonic conviction, rabid eyes and spittle-flecked German - he could keep doing it all night - I think he wears the audience out. I forget because I stopped watching, in terror. He's awesome.
So I guess my question is if we believe in one baptism for the remission of sins, does it matter when that baptism happens? Maybe I don’t have that question anymore. I asked my dad about it. He told me about his church, which does I believe infant and child baptisms along with renewal baptisms. Something like that. What I take about the renewal baptism (which they offer at my dad’s church at least three times a year (Easter being one that’s required)) is that it’s reconfirming that you believe in Jesus dying to save you from your sins. I guess if I ever got baptized again, it would be more like a public confession of my belief in Jesus Christ, my Savior.
These ideas for the 'foodies' amongst you are from my French pantry to yours... I have been mentally emptying my cupboards to come up with this list. I seem to be forever travelling between France and London with a carry on bag full of sugar, sea salt or on too many occasions chocolates and caramels. Every year one of my resolutions is to carry less when I travel back and forth... to have what I have in France and leave it there... But do you know what?... I can't... we love these tastes and don't want to live without them even for a day or two... so with me they come. One of my first great discoveries in France was the supermarkets... for me they were filled with unimaginable extravagances... yes there are the basics too... but so many of the products were exotic and I found it incredible that I could buy such things amongst aisles and trolleys... Even now many of my friends who visit take a trip to our local supermarché and stock up... (Don't worry... that's not the only place I take them...)
Ten years later, life is wonderful, and life is busy.
“With this agreement the Afghan people, and the world, should know that Afghanistan has a friend and a partner in the United States,” Mr. Obama said as Mr. Karzai looked on, along with an audience of Afghan and American officials, including two Democratic senators, Jack Reed of Rhode Island and Carl Levin of Michigan.
The excerpt is from Page 87 under the heading, "I'M DEAD, BUT I GOT BETTER" and addresses ways in which death can have meaning considering in comics (and in sci-fi, fantasy, horror films and books) that people die and come back ALL the time. His advice is:
She is fullness and strength made of mud and water and warmed by sun, dried by air, held in space of infinite creativity.
If tree is on town easement (thus, they own the tree) and the town agrees that the tree can be topped (bad for tree!), you are out of luck. Conversely, they may request the tree be removed and mitigated for (replant in new location or replacement with something which will not grow into the wires over time.)
Next, it's across the city to Postman's Park. It's beautiful this time of year with all the daffodils. Located between King Edward Street, Little Britain and Angel Street, the park contains a wall with 47 hand-crafted tiles commemorating the bravery of ordinary Londoners who died saving others. Each tile, made by Royal
Abby dropped her glass on the table with a thud. "Why are you being so weird, Dad? Whenever she came you went and got her at the airport."
I wasn't sure, though, if he was actually going to eat because before dinner he found the cupcakes on the table and broke into them! I could hear him from the kitchen saying, "Yummy. Good." But, he did eat dinner and, then, devoured his cupcake! I wish I had a video to share because it was SO funny. See his excitement!
You may have noticed that we don’t even mention social media in the main title of our book, and this is intentional. The challenge for any business in the age of social media is to Be a Person, not a faceless entity. Scott Monty gets this. Ford wants to Be a Person – to humanize their brand, and connect with their community: their customers. So they put this in their social media mission statement. How can you get this concept into your statement?
But what about Antarctica? Ever since Live Earth, we have had a fascination with Antarctica (did you see the super cool video of the band playing on the 7th continent - the research scientists that were wintering over made really cool music for Live Earth!). So what is winter like in Antarctica? And how do you get there? Luckily I know folks that have done the many leg trip to Antarctica so I can share that info! We talk about most folks going during the summer and how unique it is to winter over at the research stations there. Daughter says "What do you mean you can't leave during the winter?" Oh, well there was the Dr who needed her chemotherapy medicine air dropped to her so she could treat herself. Unfortunately the movie Ice Storm is not available at our library. And just last year there was someone who had to be flown out during winter because of a broken jaw (from a Christmas brawl?!). Wow, that medical evacuation cost over $200,000 Australian dollars!
That is not all though.
Fire can never be quenched.
Just like the enabler of an alcoholic or a drug addict, they contribute money, sometimes millions of dollars, out of the best motives. They want to “help” the Church. They are told that their donations are vital to “defend” or “protect” the Church, that they are key to “expanding” the Church (buying more real estate). So they give more and more money.
Ink: Real Red, Island Indigo
Cardigan (Mango Suit, thrifted), skirt (Vivienne Tam, consignment), shoes (Camper), cuff (thrifted), necklace (consignment).
Other: Lace, pale green satin ribbon, buttons, blending chalks, fringe trim in cream, flat backed pearls, garden twine, double sided tape, paint brush, glue, scissors, blade or scalpel.
My devotion to Your House, O God, burns in me like a fire! Amen!
...Egg Toss time!
Using a 1/2 tbsp measuring spoon scoop out the dough and make balls.
So whilst there may doubt about ED as a real medical condition – indeed, it may be nothing more than a euphemism to describe any number of potential medical or non-medical presentations – there is no room to argue that the police can easily dismiss it. Sufficient people argue it is a very real threat to the safety of people detained despite not being is not in relevant textbooks and not being acknowledged by all medical professionals.
Richard Brodsky, a Democrat from Westchester, had just finished putting Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC) officials through the wringer on a number of issues, including a brief but intense foray into Atlantic Yards.
3. For more fun, record your play on your video camera and re-play it on your TV.
Although I rarely leave comments on his site (rather too many Americans to make me feel at home), I found the contents of the post so utterly irresponsible that I fired off an immediate reply, which I am now following up by extending it to a letter, expressing my disappointment on behalf of all my fellow Dicks.
“My Grandma Peg used to bring me here,” she whispered, as she opened the ornate wooden door to the converted Victorian. A little bell jingled, and we entered a world of heady aromas. Sweet teas, a lingering touch of sage, spices, perfumes…The Lavender House had a bit of everything from cooking herbs and spices to teas and essential oils. I wandered around within earshot while Marlene marched to the old wooden counter.
He does battle with an NHS system which does not want to let me move over to private health care because I haven't had the scan that everyone is waiting on.
Whoops.
Burn quangos, burn hoodies,
FG=1.009@74F
I got to use the hand beater thingy that I bought a while ago! This thing is awesomespice…wait, did I just use that word?? Oh no. Okay, let’s do this.
dozen raw pea shoots
Krishna said, Activity is certain, whether of the limbs or involuntary processes or the mind. Nature makes us act. Karma tyAga – renunciation of all action is almost impossible. A person who internally controls his senses and acts in detached way, he excels.
18:45 Electronica Reykjavík - Open to all with Airwaves Bracelet
Row 5- ch1, turn, sc in ea sc and ch sp (15)
Reversible Cable Scarf
His arms ended up caressing me as the slow beats of the stereo manipulated his body against me. He was wrapped around me, I turned around to give him a peck. A second later we ended up catching a cab to his place. Everything else after that was a blur. An exciting, sweaty, crazy blur.
The US cover of Divergent is just incredible. I completely fell in love with this cover when I first saw it. I mean look at it. Who wouldn't?
Mr Morgan rang 999 at 8.38pm, telling the operator that it looked as though one of the attackers had a knife.
The larger problem highlighted with transportation spending, as Ronald Utt underscores, is the concept of public ownership. A paltry 65% of highway taxes collected actually go to making driving a more pleasant experience for commuters. The rest is squandered on whatever fancies a politician’s spending appetite at a given moment. As the number of people driving has increased on the nation’s roads and highways (up 71% since 1970), lawmakers in Washington, D.C., and around the country have funneled money to stupid bike lines and high-speed rail debacles.
Jools Holland is the new face of The Brennan JB7, the "revolutionary CD player with a hard disk that stores up to 5,000 CDs" or "computer" as the technology-minded amongst us might say.
Writing? you ask. Yes. Writing. While I'm best known for my harp music, I'm also a professional writer. I have a B.A. degree in English with a concentration in writing and Mass Communications. I've been an advertising copywriter at my day job for more than 15 years. I write blogs for product lines, email and web copy, direct mail catalog and product copy, and print advertisement copy. My advertising writing has appeared in major publications like Modern Bride and Martha Stewart Weddings. I've also written as a freelancer for local organizations and Minnesota State University, Mankato, publications.
Who would do a great ME cover version?
9. A good chiropractic adjustment. After years and years of pain being told by my chiropractor that my scans are almost perfect. Is there anything better?
Here are a few thoughts I’ve recently had on Kant. He’s starting to become a larger figure in my thesis, so I’ve been tackling the Prolegomena as well as some secondary literature surrounding the central claims in his transcendental system, particularly those dealing with the imagination…
Slim, perma-tanned, shoehorned into salmon flares and silk blouses, with lots of gold jewellery and a Purdey haircut, Pam would bring a succession of garish outfits for mum to try on, and usually buy. This process took forever. Not being of an age where we had any money to go and spend, we just had to be patient. We'd be there for what seemed like hours, while Pam puffed away interjecting with encouraging noises re: the garments as Moments & Whatnauts or the Stylistics belted out a funk-soul number in the background.
Glyder are back with possibly their strongest set of songs to date on ‘Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow’ (SPV) which includes a guest spot from Y&T’s Dave Menketti. They have used keyboards more for the first time which has greatly enhanced their sound. Fellow SPV stablemates Stormzone’s new album is a real hark back to the NWOBHM and may put off those expecting an AOR/melodic rock treat like their debut album was. But it is still a damn fine album and doubtless will win the band a whole new set of fans.
Remove the turkey balls on to a clean platter.
"My son, it is his birthday, he is eighteen," He wrote the numbers 1 and 8 on the side of the car for effect. "It is his birthday when I get back to Milan, I just ask that you give me something so that I can buy him a present at Heathrow. Look I will put these items into your car."
My April 2012 Glymm Box arrived today! I espied it on my way out to my exam – it definitely lifted my spirits as I knew I had something to look forward to when I got home.
After the third session we all gathered back in the big meeting hall and twenty two folks read excerpts from their blogs. It was a lot of fun to hear them read their posts out loud. Some were sad, some were angry, some dealt with very serious personal difficulty, and some were hilarious.
So take a minute to identify what relationships are important and how you can improve those relationships. The best part is that building relationships is often free often requiring only effort in conversation. Be accessible and friendly!
My father often talked of Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaya with great fondness. He was the sort of man who, if he saw someone who even looked remotely Asian, would make his way up to them and strike up a conversation. It gave him great pleasure to spout a few (albeit broken) words of Chinese or talk of particular districts in the cities he remembered so well. My dad loved to interact with people of all kinds—he was a man who would literally give you the shirt off his back.
Here is a core idea, especially as we all fuss about skills etc. The whole purpose of a Job is to DESKILL people. What do I mean?
And on Saturday night, Berrios stole money from Campana's purse and threatened to kill her, possibly because she'd considered leaving him. He left. Campana, in fear, called her cousin. Her cousin called Campana's ex-boyfriend, Edwin Santana, and the two of them planned to come and protect her from Berrios.
12. You're A Stranger (Christiansen, Oberg) 5:40
What I’d do to have you
If you want to play along, be sure to check out the Pinterest Challenge rules and leave your link in the comments. I will update the page with your information! Let’s link up!!!
gold wristlet
Welcome to another year of Ambiance Congo radio programs, coming to you since 2005 from Richmond, Virginia USA on WRIR 97.3 FM.
And one more thing accomplished during FNSI: I've reached a (sort of) milestone in my construction of the Line Art queen-sized quilt for our bed:
When I was about 7 or 8 years old I had a great book that was a pop up of a film studio. It was fantastic, little pop up camera and lighting rig and set, with all the crew and actors in their jobs. I just loved that book and reading practically everything from Enid Blyton to CS Lewis and EE Nesmith, but all the time I was at school I wanted to be a vet and then ultimately a marine biologist.
I tend to go in for complicated plots. I like lots to be going on. Convoluted side-stories, intricate mysteries, hidden pasts, secrets dramatically revealed… I like to weave all these things into my tales. This kind of plot requires, by its nature, a certain amount of planning to get all the pieces in the right place.
"by definition accessories are supplemental; there is no need to be practical. so go big. go hard, and go far.
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
Many of the photographs are extremely rare, including the only known photograph of Gable’s mother, Addie. The photos are divided into sections reflecting different periods of the actor’s life. His Early Life, Acting Life, Military Life, Social Life, Recreation Life and Married Life are all given a separate chapter. Each photo is followed by detailed background information that makes even some of the seemingly mundane photos come to life and make us take a second look in a new light.
To be fair, I understand that. A lot. Both are incredibly valid points, and I agree with both. The majority of people that send the worst letters aren’t even lucid when they press SEND, and for the ones that are, it’s heartbreaking to receive such humiliation.
Dear Pilgrims and Fellow Members of the Body of Christ,
This is a big change for me. I really enjoyed gardening the way I have for the last few years. But I just don’t have the necessary energy to do it, given the other things I have to see to.
Honeybees buzzed in the summer clover and the crowd murmured behind her. She licked her lips, fingers straining against the bowstrings. Squinting down the sight, she aimed at the tiny golden circle in the middle of the target.
Anyway, last night we played a good five-hour game. Since I played Boomer, I got one Loyalty Card to start, and in the middle of the game, I get automatically sent to the brig as my negative (each character has one negative feature) as well as two more Loyalty Cards (super sketchy, for good reason). Even with the three Loyalty Cards I ultimately had, I was human.
More Pictures. Less Text. (“More Taste, Less Filling”) One Vote.
TRUSTED CONTENT AND SAFE ENVIRONMENT
...The United States has for several years been secretly releasing high-level detainees from a military prison in Afghanistan as part of negotiations with insurgent groups, a bold effort to quell violence but one that U.S. officials acknowledge poses substantial risks...
‘A seed mix,’ I replied, pointing to an as-yet-unwrapped present.
Looks like he's sittin' around waiting for something. School perhaps? :)
This book was a real eye opener for me. I even saw myself! The author relates our life experience, and her own, to the manner in which we relate to our dogs. It's an interesting concept and one I think many can and will relate to.
A Bob Dylan song. My favorite version is Madeleine Peyroux's cover.
I for one have grown weary of trying to be Christian Politically Correct and not offend anyone for standing up for what I believe…especially when what I believe is based on sound biblical foundation.
I am entering this card into the following challenges:
Aaron C. Bell of Scottsville and Andrew Gott of Elizabethtown received Chambliss Astronomy Achievement Student Awards for their poster presentations at the conference. Often called the Super Bowl of Astronomy, the AAS winter meeting Jan. 8-12 attracted more than 2,700 astrophysicists, educators, students and journalists.
Add strong adhesive like E6000 onto the ring base and place the flower on top.
marriage, (fornication) and against God’s will (disobedience) is what I call an illegal soul
It is hard to imagine what those soldiers felt as they tossed their note into the briny deep. Did they expect that their loved ones would actually get the message intended for them, or was it just a last farewell when they really didn’t expect to return?
11. Ready,steady,go! (3:08)
Noah’s Ark (What animal is missing)
I originally posted this true story when I first started blogging, but I don't know if any of you read my site back then. Thought you might enjoy seeing it now.
The high-profile Glivec patent dispute in which Novartis challenged the Madras (Chennai) Patent Office decision of rejecting its patent application for beta-crystalline version of imatinib mesylate under vaguely interpreted S. 3 (d) is now been heard in the Supreme Court of India. The dispute has been in print media more for the wrong reasons and widely reported as controversial because of NGOs vociferous criticism of Novartis’s legal recourse but for patent practitioners the case has been of significant concern to see how judiciary meticulously approaches to interpret
John Stanley was to be Bob’s replacement, and the only “John Stanley” I knew was an entertainment writer for the San Francisco Chronicle. It turned out he was one and the same, and I was pleasantly surprised that he was a worthy successor to Bob.
I am now in Kathmandu, have been here for almost a week. I was going to spend 4 only but life has it that I ended up staying. Four days I thought would be enough but nope, there is so much do see, so much to do. I had my expectations and people told me about Kathmandu being so dirty and everyone getting sick from the food. The first I can confirm, but let me tell you somehow it gives it a Burning Man feeling here and we all know I like it there a lot. In reality so one has to realize that the people live here this way all the time, with constant dust and dirt all over, everywhere, your nostrils, your cloth, between your toes, in your food, in your bed. The roads are not paved and the shop keepers tasks to sweep along the road side in the morning seems like pouring water into a bucket with a hole in it. People are nice here, lots of smiles. Namaste is the greeting, what can go wrong from there I tell you. Its not an easy town, but unlike Delhi this town doesn't only take, it also gives back. I came here for Buddhist reasons and as such I found lots of history and hidden treasures related. Even though today everything here is mixed with Hinduism, underneath one can find amazing sights and stories, especially when you have a great insider guide like I did. I had the pleasure to be shown around the town by a very special woman from the Buddhist community, who actually lived here a long time and knows the inside outs. I have been to sights no tourist will be able to get to and am fully aware of the privileged situation I am currently in here. And so it came that I was able to give a little of all this back, helping out with some paper work for the Buddhist community. It actually enriched my trip to be useful instead of only lazy and to hunt for the next coffee shop. I was looking to deepen my commitment to my practice and I got that here, naturally.
So how’d the midterms go? I’m probably sure it went better than expected, I hope.
- Hotel Maps: Lobby Level and Meeting Rooms map, so you can find your way around the conference events
If you're new to sewing, avoid topstitiching. Topstitching is just stitches that show on the outside of your garment. If you're new to sewing, your stitching lines likely won't be straight, and that will make your recon look messy. You might consider using dissapearing ink pens to mark your stitching lines and help guide you in a straight line. There are also these neat magnetic seam guides that you can buy at your local sewing store that you can stick on your machine and since it's raised, it will help you stitch a straight line.
GREG
“But the civil war won’t start in Sweden. Sweden is too far gone. I think the civil war will appear first in Britain, which has the second-worst conditions. But the British still have a spirit of resistance.”
"As Daenerys Targaryen rose to her feet, her black hissed, pale smoke venting from its mouth and nostrils. The other two pulled away from her breasts and added their voices to the call, translucent wings unfolding and stirring the air, and for the first time in hundreds of years, the night came alive with the music of dragons."
Jennie Garcia
With respect! They are not your BFF or your Mom or your writing coach or English professor. They know what a tough game it is to be a writer, but they’re not especially eager to hold your hand. They expect professional behavior even if this is your first book and it’s all totally new to you. They will help you understand this new world, but don’t abuse their time and goodwill. I tend to check in every few months to say “hi” and hear what they’re up to on other projects once I’m mid-book. But once your book is sold, you’re essentially on your own.
Most Predictable Repeat
I have a tablet p.c. for reading, surfing and watching videos, I use it when my back hurts and I can’t sit at my P.C. anymore and the bonus “I can take photos of my cats and dogs with it.”
“Care to play a hand with me?”
As a teenager who weighed over 250 pounds, I did things most that one would not normally expect an “obese” kid to do. I played soccer and softball . . . and I wasn’t bad . . . I wasn’t the best, but I wasn’t bad. I was a smart and strength based player more than a speed or agility based player. Running was hard, but I managed. Then I graduated from high school, and sports fell off my radar. I remember walking with my mom in one of my many attempts to lose weight. I could hardly walk a 20-minute mile and would get terrible cramps in my calves. It was miserable. I mean I could
The Neon Judgement - Too Cold To Breathe (Vive La Fête Remix)
Who did God tell to come back to the US and make preparations to move there? This sister.
When you go to check out, enter the promotion code at the bottom of the page that says "Billing & Shipping" at the top. There will be a box for you to enter your promotion code which will automatically deduct this amount from your total upon check out
And it is important for most of the listeners to realize, most of you, dear hearts, are hybrids, in one way or another, some more clearly. Some are pure starseed, and they have simply incarnated or assumed a form into the human realm in order to assist with this change in what the experience on Gaia is like.
Then this afternoon I got the chance to go in and help out in Logans class. They were studying Johnny Appleseed and the teacher had each student bring apples in today and she made applesauce. I went in to help her get it dished out. OMG. Yeah, she needs help. I personally could NEVER be a teacher. My child is not an angel not at all. Wow. All I can say is these kids would never have acted this way with Logans teacher from last year. So I told her to please email me anytime she wants some extra help I'd be glad to come in whenever I could. Logan did get in trouble last week, he was being disruptive in class but honestly the way some of those kids were today was ridiculous. I really hope she contacted their parents like she did me about Logan.
While he waits for his order to be handed over to him at the butcher’s,he watches the man at his work.He observes him grasp the legs of a bird firmly in his right hand,raising it off the ground.The bird swings in the air,suspended with its head hanging down.The butcher touches the edge of the chicken’s neck where it meets its skull.He is transfixed by the light in the bird’s eyes and even though it makes him mildly sick,he continues to stare.With one swift stroke of his knife,the butcher slashes the neck of the bird.The decapitated chicken starts thrashing violently and spraying blood everywhere in terrifying spasms.The butcher quickly throws the torso into a tub of boiling water and covers it with a lid.Only then does he look away,feeling horrified,except not so much for real.
too lovely, don't you think?
I have a few projects to finish up this month including adding sleeves, for my quilts going into my guild's quilt show. I also joined into a swap at Dandelion Quilts. It is a swap where we know our partner, and we trade with each other. I have a few ideas and hope to work on it this weekend.
The curious thing about this, dear readers, is that Cuba has been forbidden to attend that meeting, but not the guayaberas. Who could hold back from laughing? We must hurry up and tell Harper.
33-Baba O'Riley
Most vividly, I remember her ferociously scribbling notes during rehearsals which were then used to recite back to us in (less beloved) “notes” time. (You theatre people know exactly what I mean.)
For health goals, someone might have no problem training for ironmans or marathons, but ask them to track their food and they’re at a loss. That’s Ginger the alligator, but watch out, Ginger snaps. Terrifying.
So much for the idea that a central purpose of a research university is the dissemination of knowledge in pursuit of the truth. The president’s message could not have been clearer: those who dare to pursue research that challenges the (campus) majority’s agenda on race can expect a public shaming—regardless of whether the data those researchers uncover is accurate or fairly presented.
What zone do you live in?
But the connection between Bianca and Lucas can't be denied. Bianca will risk anything to be with Lucas, but dark secrets are fated to tear them apart . . . and to make Bianca question everything she's ever
Have you seen That kids are attracted towards colours!!I am sure even we are and what better way than "COLOURS" to entice the lovely little kiddos to eat healthy food. Have you tried using natural healthy vegetables, fruits to make something colourful for your kids and see them grab it???I have !!!
Tonight I am linking up The Joys of Home Educating for the lego mania linky party. Here are the kids creations this week. Ash is still working on hers as she ran out of yellow legos.
“Because we have a more expansive translating technique we can more fully develop the English translation and thus bring out the more difficult nuances found in the original language,” he explained.
Hail to his honored name.
“Uniting Spiritual Growth with Conscious Living”™
**When choosing paper to mask with, use something thin rather than heavy cardstock.
The different levels of height in this space are what creates movement in this space. From the chair, to the headboard, to the picture frames and up to the roman shade and chandelier, your eye keeps climbing. Designer Amanda Nisbet. House Beautiful, March 2008.
Now Paul was a prisoner for his testimony of Jesus Christ. That is why he called himself, in Ephesians 3:1, “the prisoner of Jesus Christ.” He accepted that, but still, he wasn’t satisfied spiritually for he had yet to press on toward that mark, seeking to know Him. That is why he gladly suffered, knowing that one day he would be glorified together with Him and reign with Him.
At UCLA Mitch was a star football player and he was happy with his new wife, Jamie. Jamie and Mitch finished college and started their own family with a son named Nathan.
whats out there,
The DLR has one of the lowest levels of fare evasion on any railway in the world – approximately 3% - and TfL does all it can to encourage passengers to always touch in and touch out with signs, posters and PA announcements.
It will give a wider and, I think, stronger voice to educational radio and television by providing new funds for broadcast facilities. It will launch a major study of television’s use in the Nation’s classrooms and their potential use throughout the world. Finally — and most important — it builds a new institution: the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
There is no force in the argument that the executive orders in question are not valid, not because the promulgation of the acts above mentioned and of Commonwealth Act No. 689 as amended by the Republic Act No. 66 on rentals, the appropriation acts or Republic Act Nos. 1, 156, and 320 for the years 1946-47, 1947-48 and 1948-49, and of the Republic Acts Nos. 73, 147, and 235 appropriating public finds to defray the expenses for the elections held in 1947 and 1948, shows that the emergency powers granted by Commonwealth Act No. 671 had already ceased to exist, but because Congress “has shown by their enactment its readiness and ability to legislate on those matters, and had withdrawn it from the realm of presidential legislation or regulations under the powers delegated by Commonwealth Act No. 671.” If the Congress was ready and able to legislate on those matters since 1946 and for that reason the executive orders herein involved are null and void, there is no valid reason for not concluding that the emergency powers of the President has ceased to exist it did not, legislate on all matters on which the President was granted and delegated power to legislate by the Commonwealth Act No. 671. And if Commonwealth Act No. 671 continues to be in force and effect in so far as it grants delegated legislative powers to the President and declares the national policy to be carried out by the rules and regulations the President is authorize to promulgate, the mere promulgation of the acts above described can not be considered as an implied repeal or withdrawal of the authority of the President to promulgates rules and regulations only on those matters, and the adoption of a contrary policy by the Congress, because implied repeal is not favored in statutory construction, and the national policy referred to in section 26, Article VIII of the Constitution is to be declared by the Congress in delegating the legislative powers to the President, in order to establish the standard to be carried out by him in exercising his delegated functions, and not in repealing said powers.
anyway, good times!
Here's what I don't get about the whole budget thing, it's a LAW that congress pass a budget every year. It's been over three years since one has been passed. Why hasn't anyone been arrested over this? These clowns are BREAKING THE LAW.
That is Icelandic humour for you, I guess. Seeing how the whole symphonic orchestra had dressed up for the occasion we thought it would be funny if we did it ourselves as well. We looked like we were wearing school uniforms. A bit stiff, but nevertheless: hi-la-ri-ous. It was also a way to hide the fact that we were a bit intimidated by such a large group of people who were going to play our music. It is really something to see a song, which you composed in a little room on your computer, come to life. We never worked with an orchestra before, and I found it was a very emotional experience. On top of that I was a nervous wreck. Everything was going to be recorded live, so I could not afford it to make any mistakes. Not without loosing face that is. it was real: everything on tape in one go, just like it used to be done in the past.
“Sometime in the 1960s, Sanderson wrote about an odd letter he received regarding an engineer who, during World War II, had been stationed on the Aleutian island of Shemya. While building an airstrip, the bulldozing of a group of hills in the area led the engineer and his crew to unearth several sedimentary layers of human remains. They noted the extraordinary length of the crania and leg bones at the site, having apparently belonged to people of gigantic proportions. The skulls were said to have measured up to 24 inches from base to crown, far greater than the length of an average human skull. Also of interest was that each was said to have been trepanned, the strange process of drilling or cutting a hole and removing a top center portion of the skull, thought by some ancient cultures to enable a variety of alleged “benefits”, including psychic abilities, etc. Sanderson actively began to search for more proof of this incident, and later was able to contact another member of the unit who also confirmed the bizarre story. By all accounts, the remains were said to have been gathered by the Smithsonian Institution, but no record of where they were taken was ever issued. Sanderson seemed convinced that the institute did indeed retrieve them however, going so far as to ask ‘is it that these people cannot face rewriting all the textbooks?’ “
Finally this is how nurses used to look. It was sure easy to tell who was a nurse. Now everyone wears scrubs and if you can read their name tag you might be able to see the RN displayed there. Plus there are many other workers in a hospital dressed the same that it makes it confusing when you're sick or on medication. It isn't easy to work with a cap on or a dress, but they did it with pride back then. The whole event was done very well and it was fun to take a step back 100yrs and feel proud to be a small part of it's history. Actually I've given over 30yrs. to its history so I do feel proud!
Just had confirmation that I have a slot at this years KM UK 2010. Organised as usual by ARK Group and running over two days 15th and 16th June at the De Vere in Canary Wharf. I am hoping to consolidate a tight and concise session on Storytelling in all its guises. My draft brief is as follows, please come along and enjoy the fun:
And finally, two lipmarkers because they seem to have revolutionised the beauty world! The first one was given to me by a friend - and then left in a hotel bathroom in Jamaica. So i had to get myself a new one, which is AMAZING. The shade I got is "Berry" and after applying 2 coats, your lips will turn into a very vibrant red, perfect for winter evenings. The second is Maybelline's Color Sensational Lipmarker in "Shy Red", definitely not as potent as "Berry" so perfect if you're aiming for a naturally-red look!
American accents - no offence to any of my American readers, I love your accent, but I want him to hear a clear English accent for learning his sounds.
Before the assignment wraps up in April, she has considered exploring areas of Pennsylvania and taking a day trip to New York City. But her most memorable experience to date was meeting her first grandchild, born last fall.
1. Are you still able to perform your work adequately?
to land where they began
150g raisins
The real estate market often seems like a crap-shoot. Try to avoid the common pitfalls, by putting the advice outlined above to work for you. Keep a close eye on the small details when preparing to sell and you should find no difficulty moving your property quickly.
This is serious business: it is the primary duty of custody sergeants to ensure some of the most demanding detainees are kept safe whilst vulnerable, under arrest. This should always take priority over everything else.
Who knows? I'm open to meeting someone, but not interested in pursuing anything. I'm incredibly picky. I hope if someone is ever interested in me, that they're incredibly picky, too. I'm starting to feel restless on the weekends that the boys are with their Dads, it's starting to get on my nerves to be at home with Food Network or Netflix, me and and the dog and the cats. This could be the year!
Once you have all of your main pieces cut out with the fusible, place them onto a piece of fabric that will act as the 'wallpaper'. A fat quarter was the perfect size for my suitcase, just make sure your piece is big enough to cover the poster board piece you cut out in the first step with a few inches around to spare. Iron all of the main pieces in place, the fusible will adhere them to the fabric.
So the general idea lately has been to clear out winter beers that I need to drink, which has been a partial success, but has yet to come to an end. This Canaster Winterscotch from KleinBrouwerij De Glazen Toren is actually about two years old, with the bottling date being the 23rd of September, 2006.
By happenstance and coinkydink, Seema learns that Kailash is alive and in Mumbai. Inexplicably, she finds his home and they have a tearful reunion. Even more inexplicably, Ratan overhears and is maddened by a jealous rage. He hires an assassin to kill Kailash with a crane (?!), but then, at the eleventh hour, drunkenly learns that actually Kailash is Kailash the Formerly Dead Husband not Kailash the Random Lover. Overcome by guilt, he pushes Kailash out from under the crane and lets himself be crushed. Seema and Pinky magically appear and weep.
I know, I know, I am a very bad blogger. I have got my excuses ready though :)
When Moody arrived at her father’s house, he had not so much as welcomed her as he had grudgingly accepted she was going to be part of his lonely household. He’d never been much of a father to Moody or her two brothers when they were growing up, but he had been the only parent they had left after their suicidal mother succeeded in one of her many attempts to leave the living.
3) 1 New York Rangers @ Washington Capitals, 6:30 pm NBC Sports Network/NYR 3-2
The Brooklyn Standard? This article makes it seem like a positive example of public relations. The Times itself dismissed the Brooklyn Standard in a 9/3/05 article headlined "O.K., the Whole Paper Is Basically an Ad."
Thus the total number of full-time "jobs"--construction jobs are calculated in job-years--is probably some 25% lower, or closer to 500. (As noted below, Empire State Development, the state agency overseeing the project, calculate the average number of workers as about 75% of the total of individuals working.)
10. Come Back from San Francisco – Magnetic Fields
that the NYPL shares with Princeton and Columbia universities – is part of a gargantuan $300m reorganisation aimed at lugging the central library into the 21st century.
From the outset, the sudden blast of frenetic drumming, dense bass and flurries of guitar notes is like waking up in the middle of a cyclone. Listen to this and realize that you can get atmosphere, psychedelia and experimentation without sacrificing energy.
They all seem to be reporting that Liberal Democrat delegates rebelled against supporting the NHS bill at their conference today.
Please enjoy: O Holy Night by Celine Dion
As you can see, my haul this year is pretty focused on skincare and I actually only picked up one colour makeup product. *shock* I didn’t even realise until I was unpacking.. I’ve got a couple of base makeup items coming up in the next (and final) haul post for my Korea 2012 trip, but it’s still mostly skincare. I’ve been slightly more focused on skincare ever since my skin condition took a nosedive. No amount of makeup can make up for poor skin condition, so I’m going back to basics for now. *cross fingers*
Census of 246,692,667 Households
I am giving away this image, Birthday Cake Mouse to one lucky winner who leaves a comment on this post before the close of the blog hop on April 6th at 9 a.m. central time. If you would like a chance to win this cutie, be sure to leave your email address in your comment so that I have a way to contact you.
The Wednesday night training sessions were a great lead-in to Sunday morning training sessions with Shihan DeFelice and the yudansha. These sessions were punctuated with in-depth analysis of Kata and the associated bunkai and provided not only satisfaction but imaginative insight was well.(Left to right in the photo below, Sensei Rudy, Shihan, myself, & Sensei Dave).
I've been rushing through my days trying to get my mental check list done. (Something hard for me because my free spirits despises check lists) I have also been rushing in and out of His Presence in the mornings. In His grace and mercy He will not allow me to go on like this very long. He loves me. He pursues me. He literally chases me down with His goodness. So...I ended up sitting and just crying a few hours into my day. Crying because I just don't want to value anything over time alone with Him...not sleep...not more things done on my list...I don't want to take for granted that the God of the universe waits for me to wake up and spend time with me.
4) 2 St. Louis Blues @ 7 San Jose Sharks, 9:30 pm NBC Sports Network/STL 2-1
Now I really must get on with my journal ....have a lovely weekend!
as is commensurate with decorum.'
Bracelet : Dots
One of the math routines in 2nd grade is Today's Number where our kiddos compose and decompose numbers in various ways. At the beginning of the year, we spend a lot of time doing this routine together and working through the different ways that we can show Today's Number.
Morrissey
Below is Diana, still a work on progress with only one side of the wings done.
The smile died on his face when the boardroom doors opened and in strode Angelina, she of the olive skin and tight skirts.
2 tsp. butter
(sob)
The much anticipated Dickens and London exhibition opens tomorrow, and I was lucky enough to have a sneak peak today - solo! - accompanied by Andrew Marcus from the Museum's publicity team, and Alex Werner, Head of History Collections, the exhibition's curator. My especial thanks to Alex - it was incredibly generous of him to spare me the time, the day before the big event. Cheers!
They see a startling decline in the number of citizens joining hands to address community needs. From the beginning, the Jefferson Awards has been based on a simple idea. One of the most powerful ideas in the world. One person can make a difference. That is the heart of democracy at work.”
If Dylan still throws down gauntlets these days, then this could have been just such a moment. Let them all come, he might have been saying. And let them even dare to try rocking half as hard as that. Tonight, Highway 61 Revisited was nuclear blues. Everything was tight, everything impossibly right. It doesn't get any better than that. And throughout the entire show, not a word was wasted, not a single word even uttered, in fact. No pandering here, no 'Hello Dublin', no between song thank yous, not even a band introduction. If there was any concession to, or even acknowledgement of, the audience, then it was to be found in that one peculiar moment of posing, and then, at the very end, a quick line-up with the band, before they traipsed off to go their separate ways, another leg of the tour ended, another job done, and done well. Tonight, the songs were left to do the talking, and really, isn't that just as it should be?
We then head out for dinner at a little cafe down the road from where we are staying. This cafe is surprising up market for Bolivia. It would be considered flash in New Zealand. We get a light meal of soup and a sandwich which costs us about 60 Bs for the both of us (12). We then head back to the hostel for an early night.
Me: Big day huh? I can’t believe you’re turning eighty! How does it feel…?
The lady and I spent two hours on Monday taking part in the Clean Up Crown Heights MLK Day service event that was organized via Brooklynian (there's been some lively chatter about the merits of such a clean-up, which is worth a read). Many thanks to all who participated--the Avenue has looked noticeably cleaner this week.
Hope everyone is well.
(Apparently all I can think to write tonight is a bunch of lists. So sorry.)
So let’s start the game of catch-up with a couple of the cards that actually got made and mailed.
Here's the scarf that I got at the Alexander McQueen store in NYC. It's freaking HUGE and I love it. It's so soft and I totally couldn't afford it but I also couldn't not afford to have it in my wardrobe.
“What is it, buddy?”
The Miz says that is the truth, and nothing but the truth.
- Ibid
I think we get into this habit with monotheism of “this is how it works and how it works is not how it used to.” Being told there are no longer miracles is a big wedge between the modern world and the past. That seeps into the way so many people view the flavors of paganism, too, so that so much is dismissed and we don’t enter into deep dialogues with our gods like we should.
leaves us all to pay for the 15,000,000 who don't have to buy it.
Now, I don't know if crafters outside of SU live by the CASE rule, but I think most do. To have someone copy your work is really a huge compliment, isn't it? So here's a link to the card on Pinterest.
Someone you could lend a hand
In Sew-Along news, our Sew-Along Flickr group is growing fast and if you haven't uploaded a photo of your pattern (if you're not sewing Negroni) and/or fabric please do so in the days ahead. It's great fun to see what people are planning and there's quite a bit of commenting going on too. You don't have to join the group to visit it, of course, just to upload photos and/or comment. If you wish to join, email me (peterlappinnyc at gmail dot com).
Not bad for a day’s work.
Fantasy Update. I really need to listen to my own words. I said Kasey Khane and Dale Jr. were some dark horses that would do well. Did I put them on my team? Of course not. Although I did have Kyle Busch on my team, he didn’t lead enough laps to surpass Carl Edwards (not on my team). I am solidly in 9th place for the first segment. No way to recover. I just hope I don’t continue to fall. I did very well at Daytona so maybe I can recoup some dignity at Talladega.
5. Chick-fil-A Chicken Nugget
To think of ourselves as unchanging and permanent is a misconception in the same way as thinking a wave, a table, a mountain or a star is. We only appear to be an object because of the timescale in which we view ourselves. But we are a process as much as a wave or a flame. The cells of our bodies are constantly dying off and renewing. It is reckoned 98% of our cells are replaced at least every year.
Finally, remember, anyone interested in the weekly recordings and photos I am getting down on the marshes can find them on SoundCloud and Flickr. Better still, download a StillWalk or two from the website and enjoy virtual walks in many different places at different times of year.
The Final Word: Meh.
Track List;
Registration 8:30 am – 4 pm
The first movie I saw "in the theater" was the 1973 re-release of Cinderella. I use quotation marks there because it wasn't technically a theater. We went to the drive-in. Hey, my brother was only two and couldn't be trusted to behave himself indoors.
Political donations are also very unevenly distributed, considerably above the 80-20 rule. The problem from a political perspective is that donations buy influence and such influence is very unevenly distributed, which does not seem to be following the democratic ideals of the one-person, one-vote principle of equal representation.
And often is his gold complexion dimm’d;
23. Sequence 23 (01:05)
Carl Gardner, ex government lawyer and author of The Head of Legal blog, is always tough on detail and analysis when it comes to human rights and constitutional issues: LibCon: is the process fair to Julian Assange?
Is stable a synonym for stagnant?
And while I am utterly sympathetic to the workers' cause - and more than slightly impressed than their novel approach to fighting the sackings - I can't help but wonder how sustainable a practice this is.
Here is his response (note, Julie was with us when we were recording so he addresses her towards the end)
The last thing I saw before I stopped watching was Sarah and an older in-law waiting to kill a caribou once it got in range, until it stopped and seemed to stare in their direction. "Something's wrong", whispered the older man.
This is THE HIGH SCHOOL movie of All-Time in my book. I was a Senior in High School when this flick came out and it captured that era perfectly. Due to the influence of Jeff Spicoli, I still use the words “Dude“, and “Awesome“, on a daily basis. Who would have ever thought that the unknown kid playing Spicoli….would go on to win Two Oscars for Best Actor.
And yet, I can’t keep grinding away at work 9 or 10 hours a day and also pursue the freelance. If I stubbornly decided to keep doing both, I’d have to give up the friends. Which, with friends like Mel, Jo, Sarah and Michael, is just not happening.
Here’s my little poem “To Ophelia:”
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3
but an endless poem
So what exactly is a colon irrigation treatment? When we hear the term colon cleansing, we usually think of taking a pill or altering a diet. A rush of water through our systems isn’t always the first thing that comes to mind.
valleys.
I just love this concept and think Target is brilliant for coming up with it. I hope they will continue to feature new shops. Go check it out!
Today, our younger, less experienced guide, a year out of college, asked: “In England, what is the main food? Boiled rice?”
I’m sure He knows.
- Educational Certification for instructors and Trainers
Daniel Roth
I rub serpentines into your shoulders
I turned back to the ghost who now wore a gray pin-stripe suit.
I said: what me?! Don’t be silly!
Every day is packed full of opportunities to maximise your weight loss potential. The trick is to understand exactly when those opportunities occur and what to do about them. So here’s our guide to successful slimming round the clock.
Trial Judge:- Mister Justice McVeigh
I'm loving the spring weather that's going on and my manis are definitely reflecting that. Today's post is China Glaze Aquadelic which really makes me want to sit poolside with my fedora and aviators :D I also have another set of water decals from KKCenterhk to review.
Now, before you quit reading thinking that if you're not a writer/author, it won't work for you, let me assure you that it will.
Also in this update:
And if you look at that uh, "thing" behind the plump little goddesses you can see a...yep.
Here's her story: she's a prostitute who got a call to go to a hotel and let some guy bang her. She did. He didn't pay. She raised a fuss. It came out that he's Secret Service. Now she says she could have taken all sorts of confidential secret information from him.
It started with some strange flickering and flashing across my visual screen. Then it worked its way up to bursts of static. All the while I kept trying to work, kept sending emails, kept trying to brush off the vertigo, dizziness and rising nausea. I didn’t have time to be sick. I thought I could just push through it like always.
“The youth do it for the money. They don’t realize all the evil they’re going to have to do, like murders and beheadings, and when it starts getting bad, they start using more and more drugs to make it bearable. That gives Satan a foothold,” Garcia said.
“It’s an exciting movie that both children and adults can enjoy. Without thinking too much, I want people to go home with a positive attitude,” said Kitagawa.
Only problem ... me, I weren't actually prepared.
11:09 PM – I found John Cena, and he is wearing my favorite chain. Cena makes his way to the ring with a determined look on his face and wraps that chain around his fist. Cena now begins to look hesitant, but after being ridiculed by both Lesnar and the crowd he signs the contract. As Lesnar exits the ring, Cena backs away from him. Will Cena be able to overcome his fear and defeat Lesnar on Sunday? Will he be able to take back what he loves most from two phonies?
Weaving a carpet of color
Then I read that you can use it to make dishwasher detergent. 1/2 TBSP of Borax + 1/2 TBSP of washing soda in the soap cup + a splash of white vinegar in the rinse cup = the sparkly-cleanest dishes you’ve ever seen for a fraction of the cost of commercial products and with no harmful effects on the environment or bad chemical smells in your house (ever get lightheaded walking down the detergent aisle? Ever think about why?).
I am trying not to over think it. But my heart is telling me that even if you were here, you would still be dead. And as much as I want to have you with me, it would not be a good thing if you were here considering your little body has been gone for 16 months now. I know it is creepy. I know I probably sound crazy. I don't know why I dream these things. But I do know that I always wake up missing you more when I have them.
The Georgetown scholars pointed to the devastating impact of cuts in food programs that keep the poor from starvation. From personal experience, they also “know how cuts in Pell Grants will make it difficult for low-income students to pursue their educations at colleges across the nation, including Georgetown.”
Along the way Soo-hyun brutalizes Kyung-chul. He catches him, tortures him, releases him, catches him again, tortures him, brings him back from the dead at least once to torture him again. You also get to meet Kyung-chul’s old college buddy…a canibalistic murderer who likes to eat raw human flesh.
For more pedestrian tastes, I had my "Plain Jane American Pale Ale" on hand, for a "maltier" and less excessive experience. Alberta and Jackie brought a homemade Gewurtztraminer wine and a "Cyser," just for fun. Debbie Webster brought some homemade margaritas, for those so inclined. A "Jayhops" homebrewer (Mark) brought some bottles of homebrew, and I got to sample (and spill) a very nice Milk Stout that he had artfully made.
Digging up Death
10 EVERY hour, UK households throw away enough rubbish to fill the Royal Albert Hall.
Beneath such dreamy weather,
Once upon a time, I was sent home due to an extremely gross hangover, in my days as an office junior for a financial PR company. The receptionist was the first to witness my deathly state that day. The lift door slid open and after a brief pause, a shaky claw-like hand emerged and gripped the marble floor. Thankfully, they kept the floor highly polished so it was quite easy to slide towards my desk on my belly, under the concerned but still quite pretty nose of said receptionist. I made it up onto my chair and then promptly slid off it, back onto the floor and just remained there. After a short period, an account director with a harsh haircut came over and asked how I was getting on with a project I had been entrusted with, which involved compiling a lot maps if I remember correctly. I stared up at her nostrils, moving my mouth but no words came out, so she turned about face and haughtily strode off. Shortly afterwards the office manager walked over and after taking one look at my green gills, suggested that I should go home. Which I thought was quite kind at the time. But the dressing down I got the next day revealed that there was a great deal of contempt behind my dismissal because I was "obviously no good for shit." From then on, I made sure that any exuberance from the night before would be kept in check. Or well hidden at least, by sleeping it off in the newspaper cuttings room.
Efforts like the Gitau’s banana project, which produces varied crops, have invested in improved transportation while exploiting small-scale farmers in a blueprint plan to revolutionize Africa’s unused arable land.
Given that the floors, stairs and railing are three different types of wood, we weren’t sure how they would turn out. Fortunately, the colour was a good choice and we’re really happy with the results.
It’s also my first entry in Lacealong2012. I must take a look at who has cast-on and off a lace project in lace-weight so far this year.
Of all the people you have met and ever will, you and me will always stay together. I love what you like and everything you have ever read, I have as well – and I can give you a few tips now on what not to read but I think you will ignore me and read them anyways because you never went easily with another person’s opinion. Yes, I know your motto: “Believe half of what you see and none of what you hear”.
I had a check up with the PCMO. I was cleared to go back to site! She and everyone told me I looked so much better, but I just felt exhausted.
(click graphic 45 header above to see their blog & all the finalists)
I found a message from My Points introducing me to SparkPeople.
My Scorsese Foreign Film number is 6 :-(
The servant backs away and says he’s cool working for Cesare, and he’ll do absolutely anything he’s told to do, right down to smothering infants in their beds. Cesare asks what the powder going into the wine was, and the servant points to the monkey, which is now dead, having apparently helped itself to a sample. Cesare mixes the powder into the wine and tells the servant to give it to Orsini. Cold, man. Although the guy did just try to kill both Cesare and his father.
Her case has been repeatedly listed up in the Supreme Court but has been postponed every time. Throughout the duration of Soni Sori’s imprisonment, the state has also tried to stifle her communications with the civil society. In January this year, a team from various women’s groups across the country went to Raipur Jail to meet Soni, but they were prevented from doing so by the administration.
“The one who removes Ravan from his heart will have Ram in him”.
- That's him, say E@L. A Woolongong lad, what can you do. And there was a Welsh guy too. Bruce.
Christine Mavis Golton (Lib Dem) 208
The Canadian producer's latest album is split across two discs, with the first containing ambient compositions and the second being more minimal techno-based. The title of one of the first disc's highlights, "Hypnogogii", stands as a pretty good representative of the territory we're in: the term appears to signify people occupying the "borderland state" between sleep and wakefulness, and by extension the surreal, quasi-hallucinatory imagery generated by the hypnagogic mind, a realm of rushing, humming sound and hyperreal patterns of colour and light (also reported by meditators, prisoners who spend extended periods in the dark, and partakers in hallucinogenic drugs). The music embodies its name: as gorgeous extended synth pads cocoon the edges, sporadic percussion lines weaves in and out of the middle, guiding the track, building to a head and then receding, morphing slowly as they go.
SW8 4AA
I’ve got one big rule that’s going to be set in stone. Once the Garmin arrives, there is to be no more bulimia. If I don’t eat, that’s fine and dandy and, ok, intentional. But there will be no more spending hundreds of pounds on food I don’t even like. I am more than a craving. I will be a person again.
Above and beyond organizing this year, I am feel ambitious enough to think of finishing the floor, finishing the walls and adding trim. Oooh la la the thought of a finished garage makes my heart race with happiness. I think that if our garage was more of a finished extension of our home, we would be more likely to give it the love it deserves year round. Not to mention, our home is not blessed with a mudroom or entry, so why not put one in the garage itself? Could be a less expensive option than completely adding on somewhere!
Mathematical Skills:
2 fat cloves of garlic, peeled & finely chopped
*Estimate based on continuing support at current levels for cocoa sustainability programs in West Africa through 2017. On average, each cocoa farmer lives in a family with five other members. These programs are based on long-term partnerships with organizations that include USAID, USDA, USDOL, Cote d’Ivoire Cocoa Committee, numerous local and global NGOs, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. In addition, the Hershey supported CocoaLink mobile phone program is projected to reach 250,000 West African farmers during this period.
(2) 1 Samuel 17:47
The truth of the matter is that IBIS cannot ensure tighter gun control, and neither can the system hold police officers accountable for the guns assigned to them. Police Minister Mthethwa obviously does not have a cooking clue how the system works!
All the ingredients are mixed in your mixing bowl and kneaded only a few minutes with your dough hook. The dough is then brushed with some oil and left to rise right in that same bowl. After the rising stage is over, punch down and press into your pizza pan. Clean up is a cinch.
I cracked a smile. But before I had the chance to bask in the sunlight of my sudden invectiveness toward my husband, I realized right then and there I had been more than just completely out of line. I could clearly see Julian’s chiseled jaw literally crashing down over his perfect white teeth as he tossed the mortgage statement onto the desk. He leaned back in his chair crossly and folded his arms. His thoughts, his expression like a reflection looking thwartedly amazed on how two grown people-much less, married people-can succumb to the virtuous play of ornery children fighting for authority on a playground’s merry-go-round. I immediately began to feel insignificant like I was back in that 10 x 10 cubicle with that stuck-up little fish sitting on that caseworker’s desk staring straight at me through his own judgmental looking glass the way Julian was now staring at me only through judgmental eyes; eyes most definitely questioning: Who is this woman?
Each design team member participating in the challenge will have the entire list of links that is listed below, so you can come back here for the links, or you can just go from one to the next from their list! So now, go visit, leave some love and then go create somethin g fun and link it to Mr Linky by 8:00pm EST tonight for your chance to win!!!
This side yard is much better, now that nice tall person has been working so hard on cleaning it up.
I ate mine with a slice of butter on top. Tonight I reheated some of the leftover soup (it always tastes nicer the next day) and added a blob of sour cream and some fried mushrooms. Very tasty!!!
Thank you for all the wonderful entries we received for challenge #7, borrow a sketch. I certainly enjoyed looking through them all and the winners will be announced Monday.
It was also raining, which actually makes getting back out on the field even more fun.
Federal Way, WA
But first it is interesting to know how we know Latin was spoken and there was a Roman Empire. We know it from books more than a thousand years old. And our primary knowledge of the age of those books, distinct from carbon dating of manuscripts and indeed predating carbon dating of anything, is the fact that each generation both recalls the previous one and trusts its direct testimony. We know that if we go back from Sarkozy, we reach one de Gaulle who ruled in Gaul when I was born. We know that if we go back there was a Pétain who shared powers over Gaul with Hitler 28 years earlier. We know that if we go back even earlier, there was a Clémenceau who shared powers with a Wilson not over Gaul but over Germany, ousting the Kaiser from Berlin. Earlier than that - before grandpa was born - there was a Napoleon III who was beaten by the armies of another ruler in Berlin. Now, before going into that, if grandpa had known someone quite other than Clémenceau ruled Gaul and dictated with Wilson over Germany in 1918 (he lived back then) but they had changed the story under his lifetime, he would have told me of such a funny change in the story everyone is hearing about Gaul. And certainly he would have been able to rely on his father's testimony for the defeat of Napoleon III being no invention, if not directly - he was separated from his father when very small - at least indirectly, through older siblings who had stayed longer with greatgrandfather. Yes, he even knew the reliability of recent history through his brother in law, although that was not a man he liked. And similarily any step backward is covered as survival of the news in memory rather than reinvention of news and forgetting the memories of each generation backward. From Napoleon III on can go back to Louis-Philippe, from Louis-Philippe to Charles X, who conquered and Algeria which de Gaulle abandoned. From Charles X and Louis XVIII we get back to Napoleon I, uncle of Napoleon III. From Napoleon we get back to Robespierre, from Robespierre to Louis XVI, and then the dynastic way of rulers (sometimes skipping a generation or two, due to premature deaths in sickness or battle, like the king of Sweden succeeded his grandfather because his father was killed in an accident) Louis XV, Louis XIV, Louis XIII, Henri IV.
After some experimental podcast nibblings, welcome to our proper episode one. We've had some teething problems with our recording software so you will hear a few glitches. Most of them have been edited around. But enough of the apology: join Joe and Chris as we CHAT ABOUT DOCTOR WHO.
Panthenyl – See Panthenol.
The Commission added that even if "said zinc anode" is construed to have as antecedent the "anode gel comprised of zinc as the active anode component" recited earlier in the claim, the claim would still be indefinite because it requires that the anode of every cell be "discharged for 161 minutes to 15% depth of discharge at 2.88A." The Commission reasoned that since it appears that these discharge parameters are intended to apply only to a test cell, and not that every cell must be discharged, this unclear and ambiguous claim drafting renders the claim "indefinite as a matter of law." The Commission also held that the submission of alternative constructions of "said zinc anode" was an admission of indefiniteness.
That’s when I heard the voices in my head. The voices of the first couple to switch genders— the man becoming the mother and the woman becoming the father. They were being interviewed.
I can't get over the feeling that the disparate responses I have to these two ads are meaningful. Telling. It's possible I think this because it's very late at night, I admit, but still.
soft against the cow’s warm belly,
Article 31
Despite some of the difficulties, Meredith is doing her best and doing a pretty good job, but when the Spanish influenza sweeps through Toronto, it doesn't skip the doctor's house. Meredith has her work cut out for her trying to get all the regular housework done while also taking care of the members of the household who have fallen victim to the flu. The doctor is detained for days at the hospital as waves of people are brought in, and he's ordered them all to quarantine themselves inside the house - no one goes in, no one leaves - to try and keep anything from spreading even further. He doesn't know, however, that nearly everyone in the house is now ill, and Meredith is running the place nearly on her own. People around the city are dying every day - will she be able to maintain everything in the house until Dr Waterton gets back? She's been relatively lucky so far, but with all their lives in Meredith's hands, what will happen if she also falls ill?
Then there were those times I would excuse myself from whatever was going on at that moment (work, hanging out with friends, running errands, playing with Emily, sleep, etc) and lock myself in a room (or bathroom) with the pump. When Emily was ten months old I was very ready to be done pumping. I was sick and tired of being hooked up to the pump several times a day. But, there were many times when I remember thinking, "This is only temporary. This is only temporary. This isn't going to last forever."
particularly not by the Government; who might be thought responsible
1 pink lady apple
It’s funny…everyone here (in Dallas) keeps talking about summer coming, summer vacation, summer this and summer that. It’s quite confusing because it’s warm here. In the 80s and 90s already. And to me, that’s summer. I feel like it is summer already just because of the weather. When people talk about summer, as in it is coming up, I have to stop and think about what month we are in. Now that it is May, I feel a little better about thinking we’re in the summer months. But man, in March and April, I was very confused! I’m glad that’s over!!
Melt 1/4 cup butter and 1/4 cup peanut butter (I used HEB store brand, this is not a special peanut butter - just a personal note) in a pot. Remove from the heat; add 3/4 cup white sugar and 1/2 cup flour. Stir in 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract. I sprinkled mine with uncooked oats to make it taste even better. (For baked bars: add an egg, place the dough into a greased 8x8 pan and bake at 350°/30 minutes.)
Ephesians 5:25-26
It became noticeably colder as the afternoon wore on. I remember Mr. Ismay showing us a wire regarding the presence of ice and remarking that we would not reach that position until around 9 pm. We went to our staterooms about 6:30 to dress for dinner. My father and mother were invited out to dinner that night, so I dined alone at our regular table.
Got some stuff done this weekend. I submitted The Sevenfold Spell to my first epub market today. Here's hoping! I also wrote out a complete outline for A Hollywood Miracle, which I didn't really intend to do when I sat at the computer, but now that I have it, I'm going to use it. I bought some colored post-its so I can use different colors for each storyline. That way I can merge all the storylines on some sort of board, and easily be able to pick out each storyline.
Before you pick up the phone, you’ll need a few things prepared ahead of time (and this list may seem obvious but bear with me):
"I couldn't get comfortable."
What does that mean? And what does it say to us about the nature of racism in our society?
"I learned Afrikaans at home -- it was my 'kitchen language' -- but now I speak mostly Spanish," she says. At 18 she left home to study, got married to an Argentine soon after and spoke Afrikaans only at Boer gatherings. Spanish became her new kombuistaal and her children never learned it. Juan Wright (69) lives in Sarmiento. He spoke Afrikaans when he was a child, but has long since forgotten the language. All he can remember are the bad words.
I am afraid I don't know the name of the papers as I thought I was buying a pad but they were just cut sheets with no name or make on and ofcourse I have forgotten.
Celestial Clockwork (France) directed by Fina Torres
Ushering in the presence of God?
For children, play is their work. It helps them solve problems, hone skills and really just explore life. A child with a noticeable psychic gift is still living in a developing child’s body. Lots of playtime is important because they need to decompress, and feel like a kid. I recommend lots of outdoor play as the sunshine is good for their moods as well as vitamin D intake and of course, the Sun regenerates us. Earth vibrations, like from being bare foot in the soil are also very grounding and calming. Keep electronic toys at a minimum as the man made vibrations can be very disruptive to their senses.
This is the age of sharing. The era of total transparency.
November is proving to be an extremely busy month. Audrey and I have already taken one plane trip out of town and we leave for another one next week. In between trips I'm busily working on getting all of the shop orders finished and mailed. Before we left last week I packaged and shipped Haily's Busy Book. Her mom asked for a pink version so I used many of the same fabrics I used on Audrey's.
- Chris Lorenz @ Dell Horoscope
Frito-lays advertise that the Sun Chips are bagged in a compostable wrapper. Here’s an experiment to try. Buy a bag and open them. Pour into a pile in the worm bin and then place the wrapper next to them in the bin. Which will decompose first? Do you really want to know? Maybe not.
“You Made Me Love You”
Twilight takes occult darkness, introduced in Potter, to deeper, decadent fathoms: overt vampirism, acceptable blood-sucking (in this movie its only animal blood -- later? Wait and see!) and sexual lust for the possessed soul (made appealing in its fictionalized form!). The books, akin to the Potter’s series, promote and familiarize their audience with magic, Wicca, supernatural powers and demon possession.
How to Get There
I have Borges’ Collected Fictions but I haven’t read it yet. And the article in Harper’s was very critical of past translations of Borges’ books. Krebs wrote: “The sloppiness of Andrew Hurley’s translation in inexcusable.” Now I feel in a quandary about whether or not to wait for an ideal translation or to just dive into what I have. It almost seems like I’d be reading the wrong writer if I read the book on my nightstand.
They need to be. To begin with, policies that promote an egalitarian distribution of income are conducive to the kind of sustainable living we want – when working people and their families cannot afford to live close to where they work, they increasingly get pushed out into the suburbs. The demand for transportation resources and the resulting strain on our transportation network increases. As a result, the environment is degraded by ever-expanding sprawl and increased emissions from commuters, the high cost of gasoline and the hours lost to commuting exact a further burden on working people and their families, and the outward search for affordable housing continues to spiral outwards, until the fabric of our communities can no longer stretch. When workers can afford to live where they can walk or take public transit to work, not only do communities become more economically and racially diverse, but the forces that lead to sprawl begin to reverse gear, creating systemic incentives for sustainability. Moreover, advocates for social justice could use the kind of innovative, experimental approach that New Urbanists could bring to the human as well as the physical needs of the city.
August 4, 1961, Stanley Ann Dunham (SAD1) was residing with SAD and Madelyn Dunham (MD) when Barack Hussein Obama (BHO) was born.
Our friend gave us this chair, and I actually love it. It's huge! But, I am not a fan of the colors, plus my boys have stained it so badly. I've been covering it with my wonderful vintage granny square afghan, but now that is being torn apart and will need repair. I've wanted to slipcover the chair, but I don't sew, nor do I have a staple gun... though the Hello Giggles girls have a cute alternative requiring fabric and safety pins that I may try later.
It is sent continuously from the preceding New Moon, of course.
The last of my grandparents died when I was twelve. There have been a few times their influence has played a role in my life. But I missed out on some of the support I may have wanted, especially when having disagreements with my parents. But I countered those selfish thoughts with the blessing that I’d had the opportunity to know them all. So much I don’t know. Wish I could ask, investigate, share over a beer, or a schnapps, a shot. I’m left with a few letters, photos, medals and images from my childhood.
You don’t have to compete; you can invent.
His subsequent pop career was unfortunately not a major success (bar one big Japanese hit) but his work was successful enough that his name still feels naggingly familiar to chart-watchers ("Sugar Sugar" climbed to number 30 in 1994) without them necessarily being able to immediately place why. This follow up, a spirited cover of the sixties classic "Do You Love Me?", has a bundle of energy and cheer about it, and is perhaps actually his better single, but it hovered outside the top 40 before naffing off forever. It's true to say that in typical Cowell fashion there's nothing about the record which screams "Classic Pop", but Baysee's character hasn't been smoothed over or shaved away here. If anything, he's the record's centrepiece, a London eccentric being given a lot of room to smear his goodwill across a commercial pop song. If you ever met him, it seems completely appropriate.
Insert your new adjustable sear and put the sear spring back in place then put the pin back by tapping it from top (as oriented in the photo at right) to bottom.
Micah P Hinson - ...And the Pioneer Saboteurs - more mediative and atmospheric than his earlier stuff (I adore his first album) - but it suits his voice and his feel.
The climb will be
Can you imagine the response of a parent when a Montessori teacher enthusiastically shares, "Today, your child completed the the Stereognostic Progressive Exercise!" "The what?!" a parent most likely thinks. In an effort to quell this uncertainty, here is a brief explanation of this wonderful Sensorial lesson.
LIPS
Queens Expressway (BQE) between Carroll Gardens and Cobble Hill also in Brooklyn. Just south of Atlantic Avenue, the BQE dips into a depressed section of roadway bordered on either side by Hicks Street. Continuing straight through to the entrance to the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel, this sunken highway divides Cobble Hill and Carroll Gardens from the river and the community along Columbia Street.
- Tenacious Triceps Dips
And this one sinks and rises for a living, and did so in Lower Bay and left, carrying some of our tugs off, away to the East. Type in Blue Marlin or “Ground Hog Day” to see Tugster’s reportage of her ups and downs.
A quick call to the court revealed the case was heard and dealt with that day, with no press in attendance.
Listen to it soundly
Fusion: His Final Frontier
The summer of 2011 is quickly shaping up to be the summer of The Selecter! Thirty years after the band called it quits during the long, hot summer of 1981, not one, but two separate and competing versions of the band (one led by original vocalists Pauline Black and Arthur 'Gaps' Hendricksen and the other by original guitarist Neol Davies) are preparing to release new music and to kick off summer tours.
I was recently tagged by Paul D. Dail for the #luckyseven meme. In fact, I stole his instructions instead of rewriting them….hope that’s ok.
'Oh dear, I think a pot of tea is in order, I look quite worn out'!
New Yorkers recently voted for Change. This Change was not intended to end on Election Day, nor to rest solely in the White House. This call for Change should also be honored in the chambers, and on the steps of City Hall. As we study the demographic shifts in our City, we urge you to give serious consideration to this letter, and our request for action.
I sampled a bit of Rogue Kells Irish Lager and (of course) some Guinness (brewed in Canada for cripe’s sake) today.
Bullying
If you're on Twitter, please feel free to tweet about the challenge using the hashtag #eatingyourwords.
Where did you grow up: In same sleepy town I was born in northeast PA.
As I sit here, dealing with my own emotions today, I started thinking back on all of the books I have read over the years that dealt with death, in one form or another. The different point of views, the different questions they posed, the different takes on what happens afterwards... The personal pain and suffering made public by the authors who have experienced it. Whether they envelope it in fiction or bare it all in memoir, their books not only helped them deal with death, but have also created an outlet by which others can deal with their own.
1 can (10 3/4 ounces) Campbell's® Condensed Cheddar Cheese Soup (I used cream of mushroom, again because that is what I had on hand, I mixed it right in with my meat mixture, made it extra creamy!)
Do I really get to be first? Thank you for posting the video. It took me long enough to find it on the ABC site.
So yeah, I might go for a notebook or something though, I don’t know if notebooks are really that good. But we’ll see… Well that was everything I had to say.
My lips move back to your throat, and my hand reaches around to squeeze a breast and tweak your hard nipple. You moan with pleasure, and I stay right there, kissing and stroking you. I can feel you relax, and I very slowly push a fraction of an inch of my shaft into you. You grunt and then moan, so I pause, and then push slowly for another split second.
The Constitutional amendment supported by the Governor and the legislative leadership that repealed the previous language regarding “blight” was written so as to allow any future legislature to define “public use” any way it saw fit. A small group of legislators calling themselves the “property rights radicals” voted against the amendment. Realtors, the local and state Chambers of Commerce, the utility monopolies, and the agribusiness lobbies, all supposedly the strongest advocates for “private property rights,” meekly went along with the politically powerful and opposed the position of the “radicals.” Conservation lobbyists were free to oppose the flexible definitions favored by the Governor and his allies, and, in the dynamic of lobbying politics, were able opportunistically to assert themselves as the stronger advocates of property rights, reversing the historic relationship described in the beginning of this paper.
through pain and strife and grief outnumbers
Our own Tom Verducci wrote a strong and interesting story about how trends point to the day, perhaps in the not-so-distant future, when the pitcher will no longer hit in baseball. He doesn't say this WILL happen, only that everything -- interleague play, an odd number of teams in each league and the scheduling it provides, the power of the Players Union and so on -- points in a direction where (perhaps over the next 10 years) the National League will adopt the DH.
Will removing legislation make things safer?
I've also been very obsessed with Pinterest! I've managed to make various relatives just as obsessed, and I tend to feel better about my own addictions when I know others are in the same boat.
Scoop out cake balls with a small ice cream scoop; place on a tray and set in the refrigerator to chill or in the freezer for later.
I did my tests at Fluery, and let me just say that these people were so nice. I had to ask them to repeat pretty much everything they said to me two or three times and they did it with patience and courtesy. Let me tell you, if I had dared to wander into a medical center of any kind in New York City without mastering the language, I would have gotten a whole lot of attitude and probably sent home.
The Frisco Grille web site now reads, "The Grille has CLOSED. We will re-open at the earliest this coming Wednesday 12/8/10 at our new location: 6695 Dobbin Rd. (1/2 mile down Dobbin Rd. away from Rt. 175 on the left hand side)".
05-Tony Brevett-Just Been Feeling Bad
06. Shuffle 3:55
But when the World has lost its moral compass found in the Law of Moses, what do you expect?
In a scene from the movie, The Godfather, one of the Corleone henchman is discovered to be involved in a plot to betray Michael Corleone, the new Godfather. The plot is discovered, and the henchman is led away to go "sleep with the fishes" or whatever. He says to one of the other henchman, "Tell Michael it was just business; it was nothing personal."
2: I’m too nonchalant sometimes. No man wants a woman who’s NOT going to be all up in his face when he’s done something wrong.
The summer has gone by waaayyyy too fast! It seems like the days of lounging around the house in my pajamas until noon(ish), being sucked in to daytime TV and cuddling with my sweet dog are about over! Although I am sad to see summer end, I am super excited about my new blog and year in second grade!!
While that sounds fairly serious, that's not the first thing that strikes you over the head about this novel. Here - read the first four chapters and see what I mean.
-William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure
Oh, and in three weeks the kids take their End Of Course Exams. This exam determines if they pass the class or not. And yes, it occurs four weeks BEFORE the class offically ends.
Good VS Well
So the rules are simple,
Nick a very active TPUC researcher up in sunny Scarborough contacted me sometime ago to set up a talk for me in Scarborough which I attended. Nick proceeded in the hours we spent talking after to tell me about his dealings with the company known as Scarborough Council (company number UC2315264 or is it UC4117872 – they seem to have both?) over a few unpaid PCN’s (Penalty Charge Notices) he had accumulated. The total cost of these PCN’s is over £6000.00 and still this day remain unpaid and for good reason as Nick soon realized that they were nothing more than contractual payments and nothing to do with any sort of fine and in doing so point blank refused to depart with any monies at all relating to these.
I found this adorable Melissa and Doug sticker book that I gave them for Christmas. They used it along with crayons to say "thank you". I printed up the words "thank you" in different fonts and colors for them to cut out and glue onto their cards. The cards themselves are pieces of scrapbook paper that I use for lots of different crafts.
“Sends chills down the spine. . . . After watching this, we can no longer afford to turn a blind eye” – Le Point
15. You are better off taking clothing items to the resale shop or St Paul’s Clothing drop off. Most organizations just don’t have room to store clothing.
It is laid out in such a way as to connect with the reader and is written in a style that anyone can understand and follow. This is a feat only rarely achieved by authors who write something as intelligent as this is. Vandenburg does not just stop when he says that everything is a personal choice; he goes very deep into his own mind about it. It was very clear in reading this book that the author has spent a great deal of time actually conceptualizing what would be in this book and putting it into words. Still, he manages to piece his arguments together without rambling or losing the central point of them.
As he brings those he has been ordered to collect home a new world unravels for the Elves that neither has expected. As the King claims his bride, Eden hears a different voice, for the GREAT GUARDIAN has recognized her for what she is. TRATCHAR. A title that has been lost in time and is said only to live in legend. None have lived in the living memory of those who dwell in the Empire. Embraced by the forest that surrounds her, revered by the inhabitants, Eden seeks no more than to regain the peace she knew in the valley, while Gabriel wishes no more than to hold her tight to his side.
which just so happens to be my favorite country ;)
A few years ago somebody told me that the legislature has it off to prepare for Easter. Huh? Prepare? What do they have to do? Could they possibly be spending an entire day dying eggs in pretty colors? or putting together baskets of candy? or do they have to catch up on their sleep so they can make it to an Easter sunrise service a few days later?
So if you heard about hail in the St. Louis area, we were there for it.
Advertising's death knell was based on a study of--get this--30 participants studied by a Boston company called "Innerscope." They sound like they search for polyps in your anus. In any event, Innerscope, according to their website "measures and quantifies an audience's initial unconscious emotions and displays them in easy to interpret "Engagement Maps"--moment by moment analysis of the audiences' emotional response to the media stimuli.
Otherwise bring on the bon bons and kisses.
June 2, 2011 — Video tapes of Casey lying to her parents in jail and denying to an officer on July 16, 2008 that Caylee had drowned in the pool, as he suggested.
"That's interesting! How do you know that? I mean, exactly where did you read that Asians are innately gifted in math? I'd love to see that article -- or was it in a class?"
Her eyes are crossed,
fun recipes for cinco de mayo!!
Should you happen upon one who has fallen into a well and desire to get him out, you don’t jump down into that well with him. Rather, you stay on top, lower a rope, ladder, or the like, and bring him up to the surface to join you. That is what Christ did and as ambassadors of Christ, we do as well.
Paper: Ruby red (Bazzills), old olive, whisper white (SU), solar white (Neenah) for the image, Glad Tidings & Visions of Christmas (K&Co).
Notes: Neither lift needs to be touch and go, resetting after the rep is not just ok, but is suggested. When there is only 1 number following the listed percentage, then it notes reps.
First off, we'll be honest and tell you this is one of those releases that didn't grab us the first time we listened to it. Occasional woodwinds made it a little too laidback and mellow for our tastes ... That said, having spun it a couple of times, it's become a personal favorite.
During 1969 - 1974 Ballin' Jack headlined up and down the West Coast. They went on nationwide US tours warming up for many of the bands at venues like the Fillmore East and West. They were on the bill of several large music festivals of the era.
Dad is now retired and since then he’s tried the writing thing many times, but he’s sadly too caught up in agendas and proselytizing for the stuff to be any good. He writes mini-books about 9-11 that are bordering on racist. He wrote a book on some soldier’s life once and I just couldn’t read it. I tried. I could not get past the first few pages. There was a section that was supposed to be “sexy”, I think, and the thing that made the woman so sexy was her ability to do yoga. Yoga! Meanwhile, my dad has never been to a yoga class. So, he thinks of yoga as this otherworldly, out there, exotic thing. He just doesn’t realize that yoga is in now done in every feckin’ shopping mall in America these days. He’s never been a great communicator and when you write, you have to be. At the very least, you have to strive to be. I wonder why he wants to write at all when he’s such a great builder and does other things exceptionally well.
A weekly dust
Favourite Character or Story?
Black blazer, Bandolino - Local Thrift Boutique for $6.99
The Fearful Eye
It seems like only yesterday
We've run classes in pouring down freezing rain, snow, and sweltering heat in the last couple of months, and while I've seen guys so miserably cold they couldn't stop shivering (we DO monitor for onset of cold-weather casualties), we've only had one man have to quit in the middle of a class, due to blowing out his knee during dynamic movement drills (wear your kneepads guys, and don't be afraid to slow the fuck down to avoid getting hurt).
I love these books. As always, in this slice of life, there is a colourful cast of funny, flawed, compassionate and eccentric characters, who are by now familiar to readers of the series. I find myself really investing in the characters and caring about them. The way of life in the mountains is well depicted, and the closeness of living in a small town is so well portrayed, and as always, this book left me wanting to visit Big Stone Gap, Virginia, for myself.
Everyday life offers you a cast of thousands when you work in London and having spent 13 years of my life around the Barbican area working in my heroic role as print monkey extraordinaire, I've seen a lot of faces. Over time, some people do begin to stand out though, who don't just colour in the scenery, people who you start to recognise and begin to acknowledge with a slight nod as you pass and get on with your day. They will probably always remain nameless but nevertheless, it's nice to make human contact, however understated and fleeting because ordinarily we all keep our heads down don't we. One of my favourite characters in the area who always stands out everytime I see her is a vivacious blonde and whilst she likes to act demure and shy, I know with absolute certainty gets a bit of a kick whenever I spot her and grin. It's all in the body language. Everytime I fire off a wink and smile those knees of hers, without fail, always collapse and waver. Those terrible, knobbly, hairy knees that just hang below a red, polyester hemline with calves gangling into an ill fitting pair of red high heels. It doesn't really improve from the waist up as it's usually a white flouncy blouse affair which barely hides a stuffed push up bra. The wig has definitely seen better days. And the face, well in all honesty, this vivacious blonde will never be able to conceal the reality that she in fact a he, no matter how much slap is trowelled on. Yes this local character is quite possibly the most unconvincing transvestite that I have ever set my eyes on. If any HRT treatment has taken place, it hasn't bloody worked. But he/she has been carrying it off with great aplomb for yonks now so long may he/she carry on strutting their stuff around the streets of EC1.
So I though that I’d be watching a cheap exploitation flick drenched with blood and gratuitous nudity, and the usual hardened unconditional approach that Stanze brings into his movies. But I ended up getting something completely different. Yeah, there’s nudity – fitting within the context, there’s some gore – at times fantastically gross and impressive, and that dark approach Stanze brings to his subjects is perfected with Ratline.
I wound around roads I hadn't been on before and found myself in South Boston--Virginia.
The last two trees yet to go up are the four-foot trees in our bedroom and Son No. 3's bedroom. I plan to get to those by the end of the weekend. That, and getting the outside decorations/lights out.
Glossy Accents for Tilda's shoes
“They should not be made to walk on the tarmac, which is very dangerous. Many countries have rules disallowing this,” he said.
But, aren’t there two? They should play with the Parson Brown one, too.
And they never really have,
As those who have been reading this blog know, near-fatal illness, a hospital stay of over a month, and a long and ongoing recovery process have kept me from blogging for quite a while. Although I intend to post here as I am able and have things of interest to say, things will be quiet here for a while, since I see no point in a day-to-day journal of my recovery. (As I've written before, for me at least, being sick, while it can be miserable, painful, exhausting, and draining, is usually not very interesting.)
But I’m no Leonardo
Unless of course, one counts the religion of secular worship of one man - Kim Jong-un, who had spent time receiving an education in, of all places Switzerland (Reuters) - He was sent there as a child of undetermined age, and spend 8 years there before going back to the underground world of North Korea exposed to the tutelage of his family.
Anyway, in wrapping up Hayden's room-refresh, I thought I would talk about the other details of her room. Some stayed the same, a few changed, and all in all it was a successful refresh :)
6. The Day I Tried to Live
Quarto (grade 2):
Chandler Harnish will hold news conferences and be showered with gifts. One bank will give him one day’s interest on a million dollars so he can feel like a millionaire for a day. He’ll get a jersey from every team in the NFL just in case he, um, gets traded to another team.
A year ago today we found out we were expecting our sweet girl.
The main problem each faces, both Beckett’s characters and Estell’s, is how to wile away the hours. Thinking is the most obvious, and easiest, choice and much of this is done: wallowing in the past, contemplating the present and considering what the future might hold; I list them in order of ease.
This challenge was started by Katies Journey, and they are over half way done by now and I am just starting it. I hope to be able to complete this, but we shall see.
But it's still really, really, really hard a lot of the time to say no to the sugar. And I know I'm not alone. So I totally agree with Dr. Lustig--sugar should be a controlled substance like cigarettes and alcohol. Why not label foods with sugar with a special warning to let people know of its effects.
Roshon Fegan & Chelsie Hightower – Rumba
2. King Bee
Then, I cried. I've been pretty stoic throughout this process. Letting go of a member of your family is never easy no matter the circumstances but I never really allowed myself to feel the impending loss since I had to focus on finding her a home and protecting both Abbey and Emma in the process. It's been the most stressful few months because of this and the floodgates opened a bit when I saw and read about how happy she was and knew that we had done the right thing for her.
Here we have my hubby peeling, repairing & painting the return air grill slot. When you buy an older home, there's alot of this going on. Plaster = lots of cracks = filling, smoothing, sanding, and so on! Not to mention when layers of old paint makes closing of certain doors and windows rather difficult, uneven, and sometimes downright impossible! At first it didn't seem like a lot of work, but the whole process becomes easily tedious.
“Two of the suspects are women, including one of the officers,” said spokesman Musa Zondi.
In 1232 BC, Laodamia of Phoenicia, the Oracle of Delphi, is dying in Morocco. She gives her bronze cuffs to the Carthaginian General Adrastus because they activate the portal for the United. Laodamia is about to die, so makes the general her Secret Keeper and swears him to delivering boxes of secrets and marrying Adria. Fast forward to 1940, where the orphan Ian is mourning the death of the man with whom his mother left him before he ended up in the Delphi Keep orphanage. Ian has other worries-- England has entered the war against Germany and English children are being evacuated into the countryside. Ian gets involved in a scuffle with a German officer and a mistress at the school is injured, so he tries to get Eva, another orphan who travels through the portal and who has healing powers, to come help. He meets Argos, an ancient Phoenician solider who is sent with the oracles prophecy. Ian and his friends must work to solve this, but if the United leave Delphi Keep, they won't be protected, and only they can solve the riddle of the propehct, find and save the secret keeper, and help the English against the Germans. The prophecy
this was where emmett and i would food shop when we lived close to the city. he was so tiny but we'd load up when ever we had the chance to go. those early days were really special to me. it's funny, i have so many crystal clear memories from that first year and even the second year....but 2 years to 4 has seemed so cloudy. its like i have been completely immersed and i haven't had a chance to decipher anything yet.
- the way you call for your dad if he isn't in the bed when I bring you to our bed in the morning
Twenty beers representing 22 breweries will be tapped for the very first time anywhere in the land. Most are first-time and one-off brews while others are the first time a brewery’s new seasonal will get an airing. Collaborative brews, spiced and fruited and barrel-aged and ramped-up to the max, these beers will thrill and amaze. The list of brewers who were able to contribute a brew is matched only by the ‘waiting list’ of brewers who didn’t get a gig this time around.
I usually like to have several posts ready prior to the start of a series, but that is not the case this time. I will be writing in real time because I'm preparing for another series, Color Your Summer II coming in June. Kirstin and I have some fun ideas brewing. Should be exciting!
In response, the ANC chaplain general, Vukile Mehana, criticized Dr. Meshoe for his "fundamentalist Christian beliefs" declaring that he was "practising religious intolerance". Vukile Mehana condemned Kenneth Meshoe's position as "totally unacceptable and a direct contravention of our constitution as well as the fundamental values and principles of Christianity."
By taking silly decisions
Of course, Sony is notorious, in my mind, for being a bit balky in delivering. It turned out that just signing up for the Station Account was a road block. Mike got through the sign up page on the third try, it having rejected him for no recorded reason on the first two attempts. But the EQ2X sign up seemed determined to thwart Earl. Switching browsers and running updates did not get him any further.
* All kids get to keep their craft and receive a FREE Kids Workshop Apron, commemorative pin and certificate of achievement.
We want to make sure Tinges Commons is cared for and continues to be a beautiful and fun place for the neighborhood. We need your help! Anything that we do with Tinges Commons will be commiserate with the level of support we are able to gather for continuing improvements, events and stewardship of the space.
Mendoza, Argentina
In my defense, I did go to my little pile of Medallions of the Northmen, and I did the math. And I said, “you know what, I can send the Guard out to Harndirion, and he can pick up the chest piece for his set. That way he can have some options. And I can pester a friend of mine, and I can make him haul his cappy out that way, and summon the RK over there, and Celaeglas can get the legs for his set. Because, you know, some day, maybe he’ll see 65, and boy, he’ll sure be glad he has those pants then. And hey! You know what, I even have enough left over for some of those nice legacies of agility an–OHMYGOD THE CAPPY SHOULDERS ARE AMAZING.”
As mentioned in the last Post for Savatage – Dead Winter Dead, the band, under the guidance of producer Paul O’Neill morphed into Trans-Siberian Orchestra. I say morphed because they didn’t change their name, Savatage released other albums later on, and TSO was not only Savatage although they remain the entities key players:
We here at Favor Central not only pride ourselves in unparalleled customer service but also in our extensive venue of supplies and products that will suit any function, event and occasion. Our Sweet 16 Zebra Party Supplies are sure to be an absolute hit and entirely customizable to all our patrons looking for an original twist on a very fun and traditional occasion. Our customer service specialists are ready to assist and guide you with whatever special orders and customizable product packages you may need.
"Alright I'll be there soon!"
For dessert we had fruit salad and raw chocolate morsels from a recipe in Raw for Dessert by Jennifer Cornbleet. (reviewed here) The recipe I used was for Chocolate Cupcakes, and it was wonderful. Ever since I got my candy moulds, I've been obsessed with using them and this was the perfect recipe for making small-sized treats. (The moulds are fantastic, and if you are thinking about purchasing moulds, I recommend these.) After filling the moulds, I placed them in the freezer until the "cupcakes" were firm, then popped them out and stored them in a tightly sealed container in the freezer until serving time. They don't actually freeze, and are just right for eating right from the freezer. (More about these later.)
And since I can't leave well enough alone, I used iron-on hem tape to apply two strips of grosgrain ribbon down the the two sides that meet in the middle. It seriously took 30 minutes.
Let us consider some numbers. If a single passenger aircraft carries 250 people, then 4,000 flights can remove 1,000,000 people, approximately the Muslim population of the Netherlands. At ten flights a day, this process would take a little over a year, so the gross physical plausibility of the scheme is easy to establish. Furthermore, the legal issues involved in such a mass deportation are irrelevant, as any country embarking on a scheme of this nature would already be far beyond caring about such niceties, or about what derogatory comments might be made about it at the UN.
Let’s put this into perspective of a hockey player.
1. This Could Be the Start of Something
The other day I finished reading/listening to Gilead. I perused Audible’s Semi-Annual sale list in hopes of finding a new and cheap read. I found Kevin Roose’s book, “The Unlikely Disciple.” The book’s cover and its title were, at first, a bit disconcerting. The book centers on Kevin Roose’s, a student at Brown University, journalist endeavor to cross the “God divide.” He wanted to understand conservative Christianity on its own terms, and he signed up for courses at Liberty University.
a sacrifice or two -
And I’m almost half way
4. Don't forget the current Simply Sunday Challenge at Getting Cricky. You still have a few days to enter. Click here to find out all the info.
Each day here is so full……full of God’s mercy and goodness.
Papers: Basic Grey,
Sanctuary, the new town is pretty cool. The first thing I must point out is the Kappa’s. Respect.
Does an account get stolen from time to time? Of course. Do employees get poached from one agency to another? Sure. But if either were genuinely happy where they were in the first place, it would be a lot harder to do.
In this case, information about human trafficking was nationally spread within one week.
8. REI
Today was spent running errands and then working on Mother's Day stuff for preschool. The best news is that I'm about 98% done now! I just need to put the text into the cards, and one little boy needs to make up one page for his book. That's it! Woot woot!
One problem: I lose the satellite when we have thunderstorms.
When students arrive at university, they look colourful and are endlessly varied. When they leave, they are all dressed in black. Black suits with black shoes and straight black hair. A large part of third and fourth years are taken up with job-hunting seminars, interviews, and company open days. When looking for work, no variation is acceptable. No marks of individualism are permitted.
Charles Barron
Do not underestimate the power of fashion sense – what you wear defines who you are. It is a form of self respect and respect to the people around you. Take a white shirt for example, it may be unassumingly simple but when thoughtfully streamlined, its form upon the wearer can cause he/she to evoke an aura of confidence and even conviction to his/her words. This is the power of good styling.
“As Ethan is off today I get the decider.” Ted declares, “And I vote Amber.”
It is in the early stages and we are making continuous improvements.” Singh, who says he has been “involved with technology all my life” and was earlier in charge of networking the country’s 150,000 post offices, declares that “there is no system that works 100 per cent.” And in a project of this size, the largest in the world, there would always be some glitches.
2. The natural resources. Beyond just a rainbow of bright, entrepreneurial people, the US is rich in just about every mineral, building material, and energy form known to Man.
Lead Generation: You want to have an amount of income roughly equivalent to your previous job. Whether that’s per hour or total amount, it’s a decent rule of thumb when starting out with a franchise. So you need to drum up clients. The biggest part of your job early on is to find people interested in the work you do who are willing to pay you for it. You need to learn personal interaction skills, presentation skills and refine your elevator pitch — a short and sweet presentation no longer than an elevator ride.
Well maybe not.
This dress was almost called the "ER Rush Dress". In the process of making, well, more like ripping apart, the dress, I managed to drop the seam ripper on my big toe sharp end down. OUCH. Son of a mothereffing bleep. It hurt and it bled. Luckily it didn't escalate, but I digress.
My senior year of college I was feeling a bit spread thin between school and the job I’d managed to find. But the crux of it was the anxiety I always feel when I can sense a chapter of my life coming to a close. It was in the midst of this funk that I discovered Horse Feathers, more specifically their 2008 album House With No Home. Virtually every aspect of their sound—lead singer/songwriter Justin Ringle’s heartbreaking voice, the bittersweet strings and piano chords, the percussion that flourishes rather than keeping time, and the plucking and strumming of mandolins/banjos/guitars—is beautiful, sad, mournful, and celebratory all at once. While I’ve given their other two albums, Thistle Spring and Words Are Dead, countless listens, neither has managed to gets its roots in me like House With No Home.
Paymar is a co-founder of the well known (some would say "infamous") Duluth Domestic Abuse Intervention Project.
Weeks ago, I blogged about my dream of wanting to go on a hot air balloon ride. That is still my birthday wish. However, something else has caught my attention. One of my Facebook friends recently posted photos of her skydiving in Toronto. I was so jealous. Who doesn’t have skydiving on their bucket list? My friend’s pictures turned out great and I wondered how that could have been. I noticed the company in one of her photos so I googled it.
Doc showed up a little before 2300, we called a Stroke Alert about a minute later. This involved doing an assessment on pronator drift, and getting a bunch of blood samples.
It might surprise you to know that a regular taco contains only 170 calories. Three of these makes a reasonably-sized meal. You can even shave 20 calories apiece by ordering “Fresco style”, which replaces the cheese with pico de gallo. I don’t do this, but you can. Also good choices: the new cantina tacos, which have the traditional corn tortilla/meat/onion/cilantro/lime construction. They’re not bad, especially for drive-thru food. Steak (the tastiest of the three) = 160 calories, Chicken = 170, Carnitas = 200 calories.
"I wanna try that" - Lily, after watching women's moguls
a few magical blogs where she inspires me with her
Stamps: Pumpkin Patch
Hugh B. Cave – Mission to Margal
In other updates...
the MITM
Wings & Sweet Potato Fries - August 24
Support local craft beer!
Is it you? Is it you?
I sit under the yellow umbrella on the right while Caralie's class is directly in front of me in the pool.
Though summon'd to all eternity.
An angel of auburn complexion
We speak of temperature. We speak of cold that is so cold that it actually creates less resistance to the flow of energy. This is actually the catalyst for increasing that which is magnetic by 10, 100 times, even 1,000-fold depending on the temperature. Without technical machinery, it was one of the attributes that allowed you to do what you did in that temple.
Definition: The one guy lurking in the corner who is ignored by everybody, but that’s okay, because he’s really only there to draw in a minor demographic.
Ms. Paretsky is a mystery writer whose works clearly reflect her loyalty to Chicago – Paretsky’s home town. Happily, the main character, V. I. Warshawski, continues to find mysteries to solve that include her group of buddies; family (niece Petra), neighbors (Mr. Contreras, Peppy and Mitch) and dear friends (Lotty and Max). Although the recurring cast of characters is wholesome and comforting, the topic of this mystery is dark and unnerving.
in the overwhelmed.
Catch that?
Super. I might as well have had fucking t-shirts made celebrating my shame.
This weekend is turning out to be another great one. SinCityPartys has a whole bunch of people heading to Pure on Friday and then to Marquee on Monday for Party Rock with Redfoo of LMFAO (Sorry for Party Rockin’). Here’s a couple other things happening this weekend:
3 Fonteinen is another favorite, as is De Cam, when
I have another project using this 3D technique that has also been driving me a bit crazy. Hopefully I'll get that done soon.
Oh. Yeah. The shoes.
This is sooooo huge! I feel like a kid on Christmas! I wondered if Daniel would ever make an intentional consonant sound. Once again, he shows me that he’ll do it when he’s darn good and ready!
It seems like recently I've had a lot of people who have been having problems with their reds bleeding. Red is such an intense dye that I am not surprised at all, however, I haven't noticed a problem with my red projects, so I figured that I must color differently than you do.
I figured this was an answer to The Sillhouettes ‘Get A Job’ (which was also in my selection) because of the similarties. Thanks to a quick Wikipedia check I now know this to be true, along with the fact that it was the first song that Smokey and co released (on End Records) after changing their name from The Matadors.
I wonder if Melisandre’s part in coming events will remain the same or if she’ll be relegated to brood mare status – shouldn’t be long before we know for sure.
The Upsetters - Surplus
P.S. Was Santa good to everyone? He spoiled me too much this year. I am a very lucky girl.
JungWoo : Guitarist, Songwriter
The explosive scandal involving Royal solicitors Harbottle & Lewis and 300 Newscorp emails moved to another level yesterday. The Slog learned that Rupert Murdoch told the Dowler family Friday he is to sue H&B. Two senior Newscorp legals associated with H&B’s appointment left Newscorp hurriedly this week. James Murdoch worked closely with both. H&B’s Lawrence Abramson, who delivered H&B’s emails ‘verdict’, himself left H&B last month. Was he persuaded to miss the obvious evidence of criminality? Decide for yourselves.
Olivier L’Heureux – Lead Guitar
I will write more soon, but for now I wanted to let you see a face that has become dear to my heart. I've never met her, but I have prayed for her for weeks. And, at the end of June, she will be coming to our home for 5 weeks. We will be hosting this treasure from Latvia!
But here's my recommendation for you: order the nachos. For a mere $9.75, you will be served an entire platter of food that even three hungry eaters - my BFF Wendy, her sister Cheryl who was visiting from New York, and I - couldn't finish. Not that we didn't try valiantly! It's just that the portion was so generous that, despite being ravenous because we didn't manage to find our way to dinner until after 9 o'clock on our Girls' Night Out, we still couldn't eat the entire dish.
But he has done so. “It is finished.” God will spare the sinner because He did not spare His Son. God can pass by your transgressions because He laid those transgressions upon His only begotten Son nearly two thousand years ago. If you believe in Jesus (that is the point), then your sins were carried away by Him who was the scapegoat for His people. (“All of Grace”)
Note the use of large numbers of hydrogen ions in this reaction. However, rememeber the above reactions, this only removes the hydrogen ions generated from the nitrite to nitrate step.
MICHAELS GIFT CARD ($25 Michaels Gift Card)
-Edward. Likes to be called senor.
The reassuring sound of the taxi door settling back on its hinges is an event by itself, signaling as it does the start of a working day. Unlike most days spent in the silence of the backseat today was different. Though there was no foreboding of the event that was to kick the city in its teeth later that night, none in the air and none in the gentle demeanour of the Maharashtrian cab driver, there must have been much on his mind as he left me chewing on the Marathi proverb he flung my way like a boxer might throw a punch at the stroke of the bell.
My Facebook wall is filled with heathens and what-have-you...
I'm so sad and afraid. And I have no patience to just sit back and not text him or leave him alone even though I know I should just do that. I spoke to his counselor that he's no longer seeing (thanks to the Army demanding he only see on-post providers). His former counselor said for him to call him anytime and that he still had one free session left. I passed on the information and I hope he did call him....
*Inventory freezer
Mr. Paul was able to stand on his feet, to my surprise, and he told me that one of his friends had recommended that he start walking more instead of using his wheelchair so much, so that his legs could get strong enough for him to not need his wheelchair; and he said that he had practiced walking with his cane or walker usually, and so that is why he was able to stand now, he said that his friend’s advice was working.
One of my students was able to Skype with the author, Robert Alexander and he mentioned he might be able to come and speak to students. Well I didn't wait long and sent him an e-mail asking if he would visit South and speak to the students who read his book. He said YES!
The picture was glazed; it needed cleaning; and Mr. Digby was shortsighted. He scrutinized carefully every square inch of the canvas. Yes, there was the same minuteness of workmanship, the same absolute mastery of brush in the painting of the man’s hand as he screened the bowl of his pipe, the same wonderful sheen of white satin in the child’s dress.
Joel is almost fourteen, and following is the letter he wrote just exactly as he wrote it:
and burn like angels
Last week. It all started when my son was punched in the nuts by a kid at school. He’s in grade 2. Apparently this thing was going on frequently with several other boys involved and no one knew about it, so when he finally spoke up, the teacher decided to have the Principal come to the classroom for a “chat” with “all the boys.”
right and left
“Can’t complain.”
Head of Athletics Development Steve Brace said: “We focus on developing young athletes and getting the right people here to help them.
Quoth Superman: "And I... I treasure the closeness of someone who has suffered a similar loss ... We're like night and day, you and I, and yet we're closer than we realize, closer than twins because we compliment each other..."
We parked in a small lot just past the bridge. Even before leaving the parking lot, I liked what I saw. If you look really closely, you can see a small, red building. If you can’t see it, then just look below.
(今年他打算再申请一次永久居民，若还是被拒就会索性回中国，而奖学金合约也将不是限制他的因素。他说：“我知道本地人认为现在外来人口太多，但新加坡同时也需要外国人。”)
At that moment, Tupper hopped onto the carriage’s step in order to peek through a window. Aurelius calmly scooped the boy up, saying, “No particular reason.”
Admittedly, there are a couple of instances of genuine surprise, both involving the frightening of Nora Manning. However, Carolyn Craig’s ear-splitting screams destroy those thrilling moments with their frequency and, well, their frequencies.
The Shobijin escape the room and meet with Sakai, Junko, and Professor Miura outside the hotel. The girls begthe trio to help them in their cause. The three promise to try as hard as they can to bring the egg back to Mothra Island, but they admit they don't know quite how to do it. The girls explain that if the egg is not returned, a larva will hatch and will cause great destruction to its surroundings. The Shobijin also explain that the larva would not wish to harm any humans, but that in their quest for food they would undoubtedly cause unwanted destruction. Sakai sets out to write several editorials that sway peoplesopinions about their cause but "...public opinion is powerless against the law."
We also had other events:
It's been a great day today in which nothing of importance happened whatsoever and that was fine with me. I watched the news updates a lot because politically there's a lot going on right now and I do want to stay informed. It looks like we're going to have elections on September the 12th and that gives all the parties time to prepare for them properly. Having elections on June the 27th was pushing it a little bit. Personally, I'm more than ready to go out and vote but there are always those floating voters who can't make up their minds.
They walk along the street, heads down and nodding like their necks are busted.
There are two fields behind the house. The top field now has more grass in it, so my friend has left the gate open into this field so they can gain access to it. My friend owns two horses and a pony. Milligan, the pony, is 24 and now retired and Licorice is 21, and used only to do a bit of light hacking.
No Blade of Grass disturbs as it entertains. Even the premise is disturbing.--we don't need something drastic or complicated to bring about the end of the world, all we need is a naturally occurring virus that kills something as simple and basic as grass. There is no complex scientific experiment gone wrong nor a rouge government bent of world conquest nor any sort of re-animated dead. Just a virus. Just grass.
One thing that is not revealed in the immediate context is exactly how Jesus will save his people.[26] This could be intentional as it creates an element of expectation that builds throughout the narrative, gaining clarity with each successive reference to sin and salvation.[27] It has often been pointed out that there was a common understanding in Judaism and early Christianity between sin and sickness.[28] This connection is evident in the Greek word σῴζω which is used in contexts both of spiritual and physical healing.[29] Therefore, as Davies and Allison suggest, the healing ministry of Jesus may be seen as an important aspect of saving his people from their sins.[30] This salvific theme seems to reach its climax in Matt. 26:28 where the atoning death of Jesus comes into full view and becomes the means by which forgiveness is offered and salvation from sin becomes possible.
Comments: This is probably a recipe which is more than 50 years old. My grandaunt has been using this recipe since a long long time ago, and you can probably tell that it is an old recipe because it doesn't contain much frills. The original recipe has just 4 ingredients - butter, flour, egg and sugar. And this was the recipe that my mom used for a decade or more, before I stepped in with my experiments ;p This is definitely a versatile recipe for both open-faced and enclosed tarts, and I believe most other nyonya or nastar rolls will use similar recipes. In fact, the original recipe makes use of margarine, which gives it a very crisp texture. In my attempts using this recipe, I used unsalted butter with a half teaspoon of salt, and a teaspoon of vanilla, and substituting 20g of flour with milk powder. Delicious!
Years later, while JP (Pablo’s eldest son) attended college, he stumbled upon a program sponsored by ALBA (Agriculture Land Based Training Association) called PEPPA (Programa Educativo Para Pequeños Agricultores). This program, along with the education JP received at CSUMB gave his family the tools necessary to realize the dream of one day being their own boss. Pablo and Florencia took a chance and quit their jobs to train with ALBA and eventually leased some land to grow organic fruits and vegetables.
Beauty is definitely not just physical!
Despite the jealousy, things went pretty well during this first half of the relationship. A lot of that had to do with the fact that I was putting up with an insane amount of bullshit because, well… She was my first lay and, like I said, I had really bad self-esteem. I was pussy-whipped, folks. Badly. But then all that changed, and nearly in the blink of an eye.
I suppose I have only myself to blame as several years ago I suggested it as a way to improve morale, get more people interested, and create a way to sort of "advertise" our week elsewhere in the hospital. Our Lab employees buy a card that they fill out on one side with the name and mailcode of the recipient, who may be anywhere in our health system, and the other side with a little message. Then a group of us get together and prep little white paper sacks of candy, fold em up, staple on the cards and mail out at the beginning of Lab Week. The most we'd ever done was about 800 altogether... mostly chocolates, but some hard/chewy candies and we even offer sugar free chocolates and sugar free non-chocolate candies for the diabetics among us.
"Yeah, the boyfriend likes to pout. I thought I should get it."
3. Supported by or dependent on charity; as, "the eleemosynary poor."
Ummm then, vertail loving ((((HUGZ)))) into the sea of Light!!
This issue is but one of many which go to the heart of the credibility of the man holding to most powerful job on the planet, yet who's background has been subjected to such limited scrutiny. Even if, as the latest excuse suggests, the original birth certificate was shredded in 2001 (coincidentally at the same time that the Enron shredders were doing over-time) that does not explain why the American president, who makes such an issue of his commitment to openness is so reluctant to be open about his own history.
Still Jesus cried, “Forgive them, for they know not what they do,”
Our voice is heard loudest in elections, but we will not be silenced in between elections. Our voice will also be heard, loud and clear, at Bersih 3.0, at other public demonstrations like the Stop Lynas rallies, and through the independent internet and social media.
Yet when we try to warn our fellow humans against impending dangers, be it natural or human-made disasters, all of our efforts are heavily filtered, blocked or buried by Google, Inc.
What you did to the Clintons – painting them as racists – will never be forgiven or forgotten by lifelong Democrats – the ones who are starting to sour to your spineless wavering.
But I don’t see how playing Mario is going to make them better at catching a ball..
Summer Wine Brewery have produced 4 IPA's which will be available over GBBF week at The Rake and this is the best known of them. Diablo is a 6% IPA and it's devilishly good (see wot I did there?).
I don’t know where you are at with the idea of “spiritual warfare” however I have noticed that discouragement often immediately follows moments of real success in my ministry. It sometimes feels that it has been deliberately designed to knock me back down to earth, and I can’t believe that this how our loving Father God operates.
Anyway, here's today's attempt. Be gentle with your comments.
“Uruguay has traded with the Falklands continuously during 200 years. Trade was never interrupted and now we have a concrete problem with Argentina so any trade from Uruguay with the Falklands outstands and is motive of headlines for the English media”, said Wild.
This friendship bracelet craft is a also a favorite of my 7 year old son. He thinks they are super fun to make and "so awesome!" The pipe cleaners can be bent to almost any shape and you can get really creative with the colors of beads too!
It’s been a fun ride. I treasure the one credit I have – a CBC radio show called So you think you’re funny. I did and so did Tracy Rideout, thanks. We’ll see you around.
Kelly: 2.0
Have I discussed these flaws aloud?
“I would want to wait to see the specifics of how those shares would be transferred, how the assets would come to be in government hands, how government would exercise any control over those assets.”
So Britain had an empire and Britain did slavery. Boo hoo. Deal with it. Move on. Slavery ended here over two hundred years ago. More recently, there were tens of millions of innocents enslaved or killed in Europe by the twin industrialised evils of Nazism and Stalinism. My own first cousins—twin brothers aged sixteen—died down a Soviet salt mine. I need no lecture on eggplants and neck-irons. Most of us are descendants of both oppressors and oppressed; most of us get over it. Mind you, I am tempted by thoughts of compensation from Scandinavia for the wickedness of its Viking raids and its slaving-hub on the Liffe. As for the 1066 invasion of England by William the Bastard…
‘Look at it,’ said Michael. The sky was that magic midnight blue again. The moon was up and shining on the snow. There was a glittering, pale-blue sheen over everything. ‘It’s special, isn’t it? Do you know what I mean?’
There are times when the right answer to a pressing question is all you need.
I am working on it though.
All teachers and coaches want their students to succeed. Teaching students to recognize that it is the details of what they do that make the difference is key. It is our job to not only raise awareness of the value of excellence when working through the details of their work, but also to show and guide our students through the process of addressing the finer details of what they do. We must teach them how to develop their critical eye and to make appropriate and meaningful changes that will improve their efforts and their results. Defining the details with students will equal success!
Now an employer feels that if he condescends to giving some poor unfortunate a job, regularly paying him a certain amount of his precious money, then that favor is of such great importance that there’s nothing he can’t by right demand of his employee. The employee owes him respect, unquestioning obedience, work done quickly and flawlessly, unwavering loyalty. He has no right to complain or hope for anything better, because that outlay of money cancels out everything else.
10. Suffocation - Reincremation
So here’s my suggestion – why not start an Intercessory Prayer page on our blog-sites? We can invite others to place their name on the List and we simply ask for God’s Will in their life’s situation. Prayer can be as simple as stopping at the computer and lovingly place that person into God’s Hands.
I am putting this post up again as so many people seem to still be putting the title into their search engines every day. Maybe you haven’t seen it before either.
Last year I used a remnant of fabric under the tree. Thankfully this year I remembered I had a really neat blanket that was my grandma's. It worked out perfectly and I love having reminders of her throughout my house.
Flavourless vegetable oil- 1/2 cup
Here's the thing, however; I pick up the movie to read the back cover and see what extras, documentaries, this and that are contained therein, and I hear that thing that any DVD purchaser/collector dreads to hear when they pick up a DVD case:
Preheat oven to 400°F. Spray donut pan with nonstick cooking spray.
Well, making the caramel apples was a bit of a debacle. The caramel recipe wouldn't really adhere to the apple since it was so damp. So I gave up and found a similar recipe online using melted butterscotch chips. Not quite the authentic effect I was going for but cute enough.
feel free to initiate a conversation,
Guaranteed, Paul would win that lawsuit which would really have big implications for the league. So Chris Paul, do it please! Because Stern obviously believes he is a above the law and needs to be fired, IMMEDIATELY!
It's something I must live with everyday
It’s the end of the party
The world of lipstick and eye shadow never held any interest for me. Up until last year when I realized that makeup doesn’t have to make you look like this
4) There is pretty much nothing that can't be improved with cheesecake. Yes, I feel better after my cheesecake. Much better.
TPC Graduation Stamp Pad
European trademark law as it stands today protects only against such uses of the trademark that are for the purpose of distinguishing of goods and services (source-identifying use); If the sign is used for other than source-identifying purpose it is not considered to be the trademark use. It would be classified as non-use which is outside of the scope of trademark holders rights; This was already indirectly stated in L´Oreal v. eBay and Google France cases.
Anyhoo, on Friday night, July 4, we went over to the Univ. of North Texas football stadium for fireworks. This was meaningful for Pod because watching the fireworks at UNT was a family tradition back in the day, so he enjoyed taking his little ones along to watch. I have to say that watching fireworks in a small town has some definite advantages to the clusterfuck that is the Zilker Park fireworks. Think, 1,000 people looking for a place to spread out instead of 50,000. Think, no lines for the bathrooms, no lines for the concessions stands, no lines for the kiddie rides. Think, when the program says the fireworks start at 9:30, they start at 9:30 on the dot. Think, you can still sit about 100 yards from where they are setting off the fireworks, even if you get there right when the show starts.
Barack Obama is currently worth $5 million. That number, however, will likely skyrocket when he leaves office.
"Really? And they haven't faded away?" I asked.
If you want to be happy for an hour — Get Drunk.
Henriksberg
I also worked at the student newspaper, where I learned to paginate, which is basically an irrelevant skill to me now, but helped me understand some fairly complicated software programs and become comfortable computing all day. Reporting always came easy for me, but definitely taking classes about reporting and writing help sharpen your skills. I endorse taking creative writing/fiction classes to stretch your brain as well.
I read a blog posted on Sunday 11 03 2012 on your website about " why men visit strip clubs " and as a male myself albeit at least 20 years older than your blogger I was impressed by what he said and my heart went out to him as I know what he is going through .To be honest at my age I have more or less given up on finding a partner in this life and now just put my trust in The Virgin Mary to find eternal happiness in the next one hopefully although in my case more than a bit of time might be required in purgatory that is assuming that I avoid " the flames of hell " ! I also meant to say about your blogger that in spite of everything there are some decent males out there hopefully myself included or at least I try my very best with the help of divine intervention. Finally for now as I suspect that you have some Irish ancestry I would like to take this opportunity to wish you a happy St Patricks day for Saturday .
Okay with that out of the way, here is a craft I love.
I mounted the flower to an embossed scallop circle made with my 2-3/8" circle scallop punch.
Woman in a hat: “And you’re not going to, Will.”
This evening FoC Jonathan Lovett and reporter Lucy Purdy have been visiting NUJ members at the Rotherham Advertiser and Chief Photographer Anne-Marie Sanderson and News Editor Kim Inam attended a meeting of the London Photographers branch of the NUJ.
Where we are in the curriculum asked us to make up animal stories using puppets. Storytelling is an interesting way to learn science concepts. Since we did not have animal puppets, we set about making our own using this book:
Brilliant beyond what my mouth can utter
Transfer the cheesecake to a serving platter and sprinkle with the toppings.
You have to BELIEVE in miracles (or anything else) if you want it to happen!
I know I have said it before, but I will say it again. THANK YOU TO ALL WHO PRAYED AND SUPPORTED ME IN YOUR OWN WAYS! I will never be able to express the amount of gratitude I have for all of you. Those who I know and those who I don't. YOU made a difference. Every prayer said for our team made a difference. Every tiny encouragement made a difference. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I love you all. Thank you for being apart of my journey.
Jill Chan / Prose Poems / 40
Once in power, however, the division between the leaders and the masses, whose revolutionary spontaneity had achieved power for them, widened. What increased the distance between leaders and ranks was the problem of how to industrialize non-capitalistically, private or state; of how, at the same time, to expand political liberties and maintain worker control of production and the state. What was disclosed was a void in the philosophy of revolution. The banner of Marx’s theory of liberation, which had been so great a pole of attraction, so powerful a force of mobilization and solidarity, was now narrowed to staying in power. Indeed, all sorts of shortcuts and substitutions, religion included, were indulged in. The revolutions were aborted.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________
I am excited for the adventure...
Last week John and I went hiking, this time I check that I have my battery and card inside of my camera. We walked and walked until we were at our destination and could not go further. John even climbed to the highest peak in which I did not. I was afraid if I climb any higher I would be living at that point because getting back down was so hilly and narrow. The highest point I made it too that many of us chickens stop and took a photo then went back down the hill. If it was up too me I would of stop just half way as plan. I have a photo of me holding onto John tightly with a scary look on my face because the area was very narrow and too many people was at the one spot just waiting to also take photos. Both John and I were so proud of ourselves of how long we hiked and how far high we went. It so reminded us of when we lived in the State.
“Achieving greater efficiency in irrigation in the broader sense may mean giving up water to other sectors where it has higher value uses, even if sometimes that implies reducing the value of agricultural output.”
My ex left when my daughter was 13 and my son 14. I felt abandoned as a parent. I didn’t know how I was going to manage two teenagers on my own and all the chores. I panicked at the thought. Every time I had a struggle with one of them for whatever reason I felt bitter resentment build toward my ex for leaving me alone to deal.
Bruce Bussell is the founder of Hearts Fod God Christian Ministry which is designed to bring people closer to God through the study of His angels. A free newsletter all about angels is offered. You can check out Hearts For God at www.heartsforgod.com.
UPDATE MONDAY 9/19: FULFORD SETS THE RECORD STRAIGHT
Or am I wrong?
Why consumers keep asking for great clothing... that fit and are their within budget!
I lost 0.25" from my thigh this week! Could the random sets of squats really have been that helpful? Exciting!
I made this pink rose from polymer clay and set it on a brass ring that is adjustable.
Jacob has made me stronger in many ways.
Sunday was a sad day and started with taking my parents to the airport after church. Still missing them and wishing they were here. In fact, when Lola saw me posting this picture, she wouldn't let me move on to the next picture for like 10 minutes. She just wanted to keep looking at grandpa and grandma. After the airport, Lola snuggled up in her favorite blanket (I swear a how-to post is coming soon for that one) to watch a movie while Chad and I made a nice dinner: steak and homemade onion rings! After dinner, we watched Hillbilly Handfishin' as a family and Lola finally learned to crack her own sunflower seeds! I remember eating seeds since I was a tiny one too, so this is a big deal to me for whatever reason!? I know, kinda silly.
Kurt Suzuki 2009 Heritage Clubhouse Collection BAT
* All-Girl Accordion Ensemble The Main Squeeze Pigtail Orchestra
P. S. Having lived in Montana from ’72 to ’87 and taken care of perhaps 1,000 Indians, you would have received some rather strange looks from a Crow or a Cheyenne if you called them a ‘native American’. They called themselves Indians back then. Perhaps they still do. I don’t know. I haven’t been back.
I find the idea of dying on top of a pile of money obscene and absurd. Somehow, I feel like we've been conditioned to think these things ARE our identity, when simply they are not.
Rogues & Reavers is easily the most ambitious project I've undertaken in game design, and I don't know how it will all turn out. My hope is that I'll be able to craft something robust enough that it will play well not just at my own table, but also provide a system for others to use. At worst, it will teach me some valuable lessons in design. Since I'm flying by the seat of my pants, I welcome any and all comments and suggestions. I may not agree with what you have to say, but I'm not going to pretend to be an authority on the subject, either. Instead, it is my sincere hope that this blog engenders conversations about the games we all love so much.
ETA: I saw on Pinterest a couple people commenting about the supply list to make these so I thought I would edit this post to include them.
Comments are now closed.
For the guidance of JIPLP authors I reproduce the following exchange between a valued contributor to the journal and the Editor. The contributor wrote:
Friday was Children in Need Day. At my daughter's school the pupils were offered a choice of spots or fancy dress.
About a week ago, I had let my son use his birthday money. He decided on a fish (which we will talk more about in a future blog post). But the girls, his two sisters (one younger, the other older than he) decided to save up to help pay for the new pet that they are sharing in their bedroom. A Dwarf Hamster.
I'm sure I will have more to say on this. I am overwhelmed with it all right now.
The coup de grace was the deer jerky, and we didn't realize how creepy it was until just a few weeks ago when a friend pointed out, "Aren't reindeer, y'know, deer?" "Yeah, and?" "You gave Santa deer jerky...to eat in front of reindeer. That doesn't strike you as creepy?" Huh. Well. Now that you put it like that, yes. We just figured that he got tired of sugar cookies, and hell, we liked deer jerky, who doesn't like deer jerky? It never occured to us that he might be eating Prancers' Aunt Prudence. Besides, Dad's family came from the Ozarks, Mom came from rural Idaho. Honestly, just be thankful we didn't leave out pork rinds and Michelob.
The characters were funny and beautiful popular high school socialites. The life the characters live is an almost perfect one, although behind those parties and glamour were a pile of lies and scandals. This book is mostly based on high school life. They all have their own personalities and they are very (as you may have already known) rich, rich, rich. Made me envy them, but made me see how easily money can get into someone's head also.
Perhaps I was being a little harsh on turkeys yesterday. I mean turkeys are noble birds right? Ben Franklin even wanted to make our national bird a turkey (although God only knows why, am I right?)
Weyerbacher Brewing Company, Inc., a small artisanal brewery from Easton, Pennsylvania, has ceased production of its beer “Zotten” due to prior rights and US trademark of “Brugse Zot”, a beer produced and commercialized by De Halve Maan, a brewery located in Bruges, Belgium.
It doesn’t have to be complicated. It doesn’t have to be a big party or even a big meal. Don’t get bogged down with the details. The important thing is to just start. Scriptures call us to talk about our faith while we sit at home. If we are never sitting, we have to keep in mind that the Scriptures don’t change, so we must. May God bless you as you take a step of faith to cut out and set aside time to bring Christ to your family table.
And the latest on the strike is that TCL, 5 weeks into strike action, is on the verge of financial collapse. How did that happen….how can 5 weeks of strike cripple a company this bad, unless it was being mismanaged before?
John Milton's best known work is 'Paradise Lost' but the lovely poem above was written when he was a student at Christ's College in Cambridge.
We have four different sizes (5″, 5.5″, 6″ and 7″) and two different styles of professional hairdressing scissors for offer at the auction. These are beautifully crafted precision scissors made by a company called Angel. The blades are razor-sharp. Since we don’t know too much about them I took them up to Sally’s Beauty Supply for a professional opinion. The staff at Sally’s were very impressed with the quality and told me they would retail between $200 and $300. The 5″ scissors have level handles, all the other sizes have offset handles. The action is very quiet on these scissors and they are well-balanced in the hand.
The first is a bit of a prequel focusing on Chime, one of the series main character's good friends who went through something of a change before The Cloud Roads opens. "Adaptation" is the story of how Chime went from being a Mentor in the Raksura community to its newest Warriors. Quite a thing when you develop wings nearly overnight. Definitely a must-read for those who have read the first book. The second is also a prequel. "The Forest Boy" is about the starring character Moon from a time when he was very young and very alone.
Then I was planning to take a picture similar to this:
We have one of these wonderful collages in our London home, a piece of Baghdad from where my children's father was born on the eastern side of the Tigris river. The Babylonian Jews were exiled from Israel 2000 years ago and were the oldest Jewish community in the diaspora.
Tim Ard
I used Flower Shoppe to make the 5 layers of flowers cut at 4 inches each and the leaves are cut at 2 1/2 inches. The corsage still needed something so I added a little pennant flag stamped with a sentiment from my new Pink By Design stamps that I recently purchased.
I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance. Matt9:13
On another note, the background plants were colored first with the W2, E31, and G82. Then I added the B41 of the sky over the whole area back there. This washed the colors together and faded them in a more natural way to show the atmosphere and to tone them down, as I talked about in an earlier post.
Ghost out…
I’ve noted June 29th that the yacht club finally revoked WC’s priviledges at the club – it took 4 months for these idiots to enforce what was right. They told me this and then announced they wanted $1,500. for an annual fee which I’d been told would be waived under the circumstances. They knew I was desperately trying to sell, yet seemed to seize every possible opportunity to come at me for more money.
In addition to the wrongness of the initial incident, there is also the moral concern about the responsibility of the people who are supposed to keep an eye on such matters. While the head of the agency did resign, that hardly restores the wasted money and clearly does not undo the damage done by the incident.
Put it back in your basement
I rewrote the lyrics to "Fuck Tha Police" by Dope, something that I have wanted to do since I first heard the song. I don't like rap, and especially not gangsta rap, but the melody and beat of this song seems really appropriate for the new lyrics. It is written from the persepective of a hard core soldier in Iraq or Afghanistan.I hope you like it, and any of our soldiers reading this blog like it too.
Dr. Dante took a long drag from his pipe and blew it out, filling the room with the scent of rum-flavored tobacco. He stared at Abby, one eyebrow raised and his eyes glittering with malevolence.
Kudos!
I keep thinking we are going to miss out on something and it is going to be too late.
Here is the left side:
3. What was one talent that your class underestimated in Cata beta which turned out to be amazing?
Things have been looking a bit sideways for J.Crew powerhouse Jenna Lyons lately. Her much loved newsletter “Jenna’s Picks” which was a wildly successful section in the company’s catalogue and website recently has been put on indefinite hiatus. Gayle Spannaus who is J.Crew’s women’s fashion director has been picked to replace Jenna. Might it have something to with the fact that Lyons was the person to announce the Blahnik x J.Crew collaboration and probably the one behind it? In any case you can watch Jenna wax poetic on the shoes which which will now never see the light of day below.
i may try to post about some of the most recent stuff we've done via shaun's laptop. stay tuned -- i'll be back blogging as soon as i can!
In our state private investigators are not required to be licensed — when we go to the DMV to obtain others’ driving records, we must provide the court case number and Colorado jurisdiction for which the search is being conducted.
Portable Hard Drive Blog (portableharddriveblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Well, Kirsten at The Great Lollipop Adventure has won a copy of it, and so has Katy but I don't have any info from Katy other than she is an avid fan of bookstores,(hee hee!) so Katy, if you're reading this and want your CD, email me at manicmommy@comcast.net so I can get you your CD.
I mess up my hair, squint my eyes, and open the door.
I love me some KGNE and TTGL because their messages of relationship is complicated and be brave, although conveyed through manipulative heavy dialogs and melodramatic scenes with no hints of reservation or subtlety at all, are message that are remotely practical and well drawn out(albeit, very inelegant). It’s the matter of end justifies the means here.
It arrived almost 2 weeks ago and took a few days to be unloaded and we have had to wait for a week for it to be collected from Thamesport in Kent. We are using Craig from BC Recovery. He is an excellent choice, he is really experienced, always does his best and is friendly, efficient and reliable.
Well, I guess by "this week," I mean, "I've had it all week, and we're leaving tomorrow, so this is my last chance to make a blog post." So here it is in all its glory.
President Kimball declared: “Women are to take care of the family–the Lord has so stated–to be an assistant to the husband, to work with him, but not to earn the living, except in unusual circumstances. Men ought to be men indeed and earn the living under normal circumstances” (Teachings of Spencer W. Kimball, p. 318 ).
Fat Bottomed Girls, By Queen
So, um, yeah. London. Londonnnnnnn! Wow. Yeah. No, not so really. I'm in Greenford, Middlesex which really just sounds like one of those towns in which nothing happens until aliens or zombies or a murder occur. There's a highway or whatever the chaps call it, right next to the hotel. Everything is wet and overcast but the pub is fucking tops. I actually had a real order of fish and chips: full slab of one actual fish, perfectly done chips, and really good tartar sauce. I washed it all down with a two pints of York's Bitters and bam, I'm in a much better place both spiritually and physically. Funny how well food works when it's done right.
This constitution shall not be amended before 18 months of coming into force.
The next time you pass one of these church signs, think about the message being communicated. It just may be the thing God wants you to hear today. One simple way that the church can reach out to the community around it is by using these signs to share God’s message! What does your church sign say? Will it make a difference in someone’s life today?
LARGO, Fla., Oct. 20 /PRNewswire/ — The St. Petersburg/Clearwater Economic Development Council, the Department Of Energy Pinellas Area Office, and Lockheed Martin Specialty Components (NYSE: LMT) are hosting a Technology Showcase on Friday, October 20 and Saturday, October 21, 1995, at the U. S. Department of Energy’s Pinellas Plant located in Largo, Florida. The Pinellas Plant is managed and operated for the Department of Energy by Lockheed Martin Specialty Components. Hours for the Technology Showcase are 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. each day, with opening ceremonies at 1:30 p.m. on Friday.
Five (5) misc. pages from Jungle Action ("These are probably from PANTHER'S RAGE," writes Don. "THE LAST CHAPTER, pages I designed, including the double pager with The Panther and Killmonger, and the FINAL PAGE, inside the Panther's head, with Kantu and Killmonger. I designed those pages, too") including one splash which has been cut up.
This gallows humour is intentional, I’m sure. But it leaves us with a film that is finally too light. Even Douglas Fairbanks—hero, lover, warrior, clever pirate—can’t handle everything himself. Without a good cast, he too is sunk.
6. Toast your bread until golden. Remove from toaster, and rub one side of each slice with the cut-side of a half clove of garlic.
Sorry if that's the case guys I try!
Sarah Jane has gone – but a new regime begins at Bannerman Road! Clyde and Rani must face the fact that nothing lasts for ever – but can they still unite as a team, to face a new and deadly threat from Outer Space? Or is the old gang finished for good?
Information Technology students or recent graduates are encouraged to apply.
“He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.”
Pete Campbell is a rapist. On Sunday night's episode, he met a young au pair living in his building and helped her out of a difficult situation with her employers. He propositioned her; she refused. Later that evening, undeterred, he knocked on her door, forced her to let him in to avoid a scene, followed her into her bedroom, closed the door, and kissed her, leading her towards the bed. Apparently, for some people, this wasn't clearly a rape. I'm here to tell them: it was.
Love is just a wish. It only exists in my head (but the touch still pricks my skin from when I was a believer). I often mock it, but when I dare to be honest, I want it; the romantic kind, the one that saves and damns.
Mom’s photo of Dad at the Biltmore Motor Court in Lordsburg intrigued me.
"Nope, sounds pretty awful," I said, not having to use my imagination. It's effort enough to roll myself over in bed, much less think about mounting a donkey and riding bareback for two months. Mary getting all up on that donkey plays no small part in the miracle of Christmas.
Once again, another unjustifiable action of behalf of your good friends at the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation! Spying on you for your safety!
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F
■Mr. Monty Santo (Corporate Bad Guy)
Amazing creations, ladies. If you don't already have a Top Mouse Award blinkie, please send me an e-mail at lmercurio at sbcglobal dot net and I will provide you with the HTML code. We hope you will display it proudly. Thank you for your participation and support of the challenge.
my world.
While looking for a gum in Max’s purse, Caroline finds a two hundred dollar check which Max didn’t know about. Caroline flips out and asks Max to keep her purse clean. While Earl on the other hand is working on filling out his returns, Caroline helps him save some money and assures him that she will rework on his returns and send the form the next day which is the last day to file the taxes. At home, Max asks Caroline to do her taxes as well when she learns that Max has never filed for her returns. A frustrated Caroline makes Max clean out her purse and get organized, this is how Earl’s paper work lands in the dumpster. With no time to spare the two have to file Max and Earl’s return before the deadlines.
Used, two-faced, aggressive and lost.
I murmur under moon and stars
Everything You Need to Know About Geography Homework - Grades 4-6 (Zeman)
The guys were really nice but all I could do was cry! Meanwhile Derek is nudging me and telling me how cool this was, how much fun and how he couldn't wait to tell his pals at school the next day! He asked the guys lots of questions while I wondered how the hell I'd gotten here. That F**king wasp!!!!
Thank you for reviewing my query.
As for Terry Brandon's take on "Looking Through The Eyes of Love" and Sally Hyde's version of "Leave A Little Love" - I hate to be dismissive, but neither track really captured my imagination in the first place, so my opinions on these reinterpretations are unlikely to be balanced or fair. They're here for anyone who feels curious enough to hear them, though.
Again, thanks for joining us today, everyone!
It seems now that the big 'C' has been bought up by the OB, that Mr Mel & I may not have been as open as we thought, as I now can't get it out of my head!
In the very same week they looked inside of my grandma and saw how her kidneys are slowly starting to break down and lose function as is the normal coarse of action when your body gets so old. And they looked inside my sister and saw that her baby is growing well and is expected to arrive next month. It’s not often that we get to use modern technology to look inside of ourselves and our loved ones but it is always a good reminder that one of most important reasons we grow food is to nourish ourselves so that we can help the little ones grow, keep ourselves strong, and help the older ones live as long as they healthfully can.
Love Letters - Alison Moyet Dick Haymes with Victor Young and His Orchestra N’45)
This is an interesting train of thought since the very next verse after the story is John 8:12 When Jesus spoke again to the people, he said, “I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.”
Mist (any mist will do)
Annualized Return: +16.91%
1 C butter, softened
for three consecutive birthday parties,
Oh, don't forget to bring a dictionary, the Master Baker uses big words, like Passels,or Ill Flotante..(bring French dictionary too).
IT WAS MY ULTIMATE FAVOURITE.
Overall Rating: 2.5 out of 5 Bros
The flavor and texture of tomatoes that ripen indoors after being repeatedly subjected to outdoor temps in the 30s are less than ideal, but they're much better than no tomatoes, and still miles above than anything you can buy in the supermarket, especially this time of year. Quickly roasting them coaxes out lots of flavor without taking hours of oven time.
Today I actually had to make two trips....count them....two trips to Target. I was so befuddled by the absurd reorganization that I missed half the things on my list the first time around. I was blundering around in a daze hunting for extra large ziploc bags on my first trip for about twenty minutes straight. I got distracted by a D-signed logo in the girl's section announcing a new line of Disney clothing. Awwww crap. Had Miley infiltrated Target too? It would only be a matter of time until the cheese-doodle-stained wife-beater t-shirts and camo dress shirts invaded the hangers in the men's section. Rat farts. Upon closer inspection, I realized it wasn't Miley clothing afterall, but by that point, I had totally forgotten about my massive ziploc bags and desk chairs. Hence, the second trip in the afternoon was necessary. Not that I minded really. Nothing like getting a "hit" of Target twice in one day. But then again, the credit card takes a "hit" too.
Have you danced in the Hoedown yet? It's a great challenge with some of the funniest digi's around. Go and have some fun, and as always, keep crafting!!
Someday I will read an academic work in the humanities that does not name-check Foucault and/or Derrida within the first 20 pages. Or maybe I won’t, because these works, as a class, are just too annoying. I spent too long in the world of reporting, I guess, but I can’t stand being instructed on what something means. Just tell me what happened and let me draw my own conclusions, OK?
On to week 1, day 2…
If you were a regular reader of my old blog, you may remember that in 2008 I shared a story of family holiday mayhem wherein my cousin's 2-year-old choked a little on pumpkin pie and when he started to barf it up, she expertly reached out and caught the vomit on her own dessert plate. Total varsity mom move.
So, here we go...
In response to the lethal rampage in Kandahar today, the Taliban condemnedthe “sick minded American savages” and vowed to “take revenge from the invaders and the savage murderers for every single martyr.” The official Taliban statement continued,
Pre-stiffened Felt from Craft Store.
If you're a drinker, then chances are you have your very own "The tequila story." Everyone I know does. Justin got drunk on tequila at a company Christmas party and ended up breaking his thumb. He doesn't know how. My mom told us that dad got drunk on tequila over a vacation and sat in the bathtub laughing manically to himself and telling her he was in the mafia. My story does not involve breaking bones or sitting in bathtubs. It involves puke. Lots and lots of puke.
From my concrete bosom
Cave to Jacobi, 10 December 1932: This fiction factory is in the doldrums and, between you and me and the storm clouds, is getting desperate. A checkup on the year's work reveals 54 stories written so far, including a dozen long novelettes and a dozen slick-paper attempts. The slick stories were a downright gamble, so I can't legitimately call those stories a part of the routine year's work. That leaves just about 40 yarns written this year which should have sold--allowing, of course, for a few duds which creep into the best of families. Well, so what?
Combine all ingredients in a the largest bowl of your food processor. Process until smooth, about one minute. Adjust seasonings to taste.
Hands up who spent most of christmas day travelling around the countryside trying to please everyone and feeling exhausted by the end of the day!
I disagree: the goal is to be truthful, not confident. The ego wants to play its little game of confidence; the soul wants truth. And the truth is we are all fallible; none of us is omniscient. And that should lead to some real humility, some real openness, not arrogance and faux-confidence. The goal is NOT to be confident in all that you do in say; the goal is to be MINDFUL, to be as AWARE as possible, and to be OPEN to admitting when you’re wrong when you are indeed wrong.
So who did mix it?
he met a friend to have some fun,
Though still weak and needing rehab as well as to be re-nourished, Gibb has shown that he is not going to sink like the ill-fated ship.
The South African proverb used during the struggle against apartheid in recognition of women's power and strength. She was indeed that rock. May Allah ease the way for her and continue to fortify her from within. Aameen.
I have now received written findings of the investigation, which includes the following actions which it is confirmed have been taken by Derbyshire Police:
Assuming I can get Cheryl to come out of her room (she was ready but then I wanted to write this post and she dissappeared), we’re going to get this done and be satisfied that we haven’t cheated on our training schedule (again I say…yet).
Check our website: twotonstrap.com. We're too lazy to book our own shows. If someone else wants to do that, please call (575) 613-5914. Shadows and Dreams excluded. Fuck you. "Thanks for paying our bar tab, Brendan!"
My income? working 15hrs/wk makes me 480.00 each month. So as you can probably guess I'm having to borrow little bits out of savings at the start of each month for rent.
I have ordered some Purple Onion Designs Stamps and look forward to playing with them when they arrive. Also just about to order this month's Simon Says Stamp Card Kit - have you seen it? Adore the colours in it - so hopefully by next week I will have fun things to play with when the scheduling resumes to normal!
And I’m so amazed that unending grace has found me, Lord, You found me
I promise by the end of this 12 week program I will run the full 5 miles. I’ll even start working towards the 10km(mile) one. Haven’t really looked at that coaching program yet but I’m sure it’s scary!
Then a wind went out from the Lord, and it brought quails from the sea and let them fall beside the camp, about a day’s journey on this side and a day’s journey on the other side, all around the camp, about two cubits deep on the ground. So the people worked all that day and night and all the next day, gathering the quails; the least anyone gathered was ten homers; and they spread them out for themselves all around the camp. But while the meat was still between their teeth, before it was consumed, the anger of the Lord was kindled against the people, and the Lord struck the people with a very great plague.
Firstly, everything for the beer festival has been sorted. Quite literally I'm just waiting to hear back from a couple of the beer writers doing tastings as to which beers they'll be talking about. To be honest it's a huge weight off my mind. Now I just have to order the beer, sort out the stillage and staff the festival. Easy (said with a shaking head)
It’s been a really long two months, and I never thought I’d get here, but after all the hard work, I am now officiallydown 1 stone and 1/2 pound.
The following story was sent to me by Matt Millbauer,
Designate a place for everything. If something doesn't have a home it won't get put away. Bookshelves and baskets are the main organizing tool in our house.
Crimes against humanity
"Walking and bicycle riding along these areas is a life-threatening venture at the best of times. In an era of encouragement of physical fitness, walking and biking, speed limits are not being lowered. I guess it's a matter of respect for one another for the laws of physics. You know, a vehicle doesn't have to be going very fast to inflict serious damage on a human body."
Subject: FW: Guarantee and Indemnity
Are you an accountant? JESUS wants you to make an account of all those you have shared the gospel with.
Now I'm feeling bad for imaginary aliens!
Two Scrapbook Friends issued an Easter Brunch challenge. We had to select our menu first, and then we found out what the corresponding items or techniques were that we had to use.
Because I think I should add a word of warning: this music is right on the very edge.
‘Id love to,’ I say, ‘but I don’t think she’d want to. She didn’t happen to mention me, did she?’
Be still and know that I’m God…Psalm 46:10
Thanksgiving came and while hubs was gone hunting with my dad and brother, Grace and Jack and I headed down to my mom’s house to stay a few nights. While we were there, we helped put her tree up, as we had been doing for years. I love my mommy’s tree! It is the prettiest tree and has so many special memories for me. The ornaments that she fills the tree with have so many special meanings to us.
Lord help us.
Does anyone have any idea what these things that look like barcodes are? I spotted them for the first time a couple of days ago at Liverpool Street London Underground station, and am pretty positive I've not seen them anywhere else.
I held
O Lord, shatter and bring to naught
Fewer weekends, too.
I often read books and think “I really should recommend this to so and so, they will love it!”. Rarely do I read books and think “Everyone MUST read this book NOW"!” And even more seldom do I feel this way about a non-fiction book, because lets face it, a lot of people look at you like you are nuts when you recommend a non-fiction book to them (I am putting biographies to one side here). This book I put out facebook and tweets about saying that EVERYONE MUST READ THIS BOOK! Why do I feel this way about a rather slim non-fiction book? Well first I should tell you something about me:
Remove pan from heat
Combining bananas and peanut butter chips in a cake is a bit gluttonous.
2. Tail from the crypt
In other Silhouette news, they are offering 20% off online subscriptions with code YEAREND until 11:59pm December 31st, which means you can get $25 worth of downloads for $8 a month, i.e. each download will cost you about 32 cents instead of a dollar.
But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
Lighting, look for the umbrella lights, they are awesome, LED, multi purpose and 12-24 LED lights that give great all around lighting. I also want the Xmass LED’s but will have to wait. Backup and nightly use of Kerosene and Oil lamps, along with homemade veggie oil lamps supply my lighting.
This thing is just a big old advertisement for exactly how not to run a movie in the production department, as everything that could have gone wrong went wrong, from director changes to editorial meddling, and what resulted is nothing less than asinine. I have nothing more to say about this movie. In fact, I’ll just sum it up by showing the following images:
How did you get involved with friendz.net?
Adult Romance: A Tutorial On Romance
REMOVE from oven
This first cookie bouquet is what started my interest in cookie decorating. It was my Grandmothers
Debunked or not, psychology’s most famous figure may have hit this proverbial nail right on the head. At least that’s how it seems taking into account how many things people do while fully aware of potentially lethal consequences; for example, smoking, alcohol, recreational drug use, skydiving, auto racing, base jumping and other high-risk behavior.
Save $0.50 on Mr. Clean Magic Eraser
If Najib and UMNO admit defeat peacefully, it would of course be easier for Pakatan and better for Malaysia in every way. If they refuse to, then there will likely be a reprisal of the Arab Spring situation although on a much less violent scale and very short-lived by comparison.
In the course of each day we receive all sorts of input. Good and positive things, negative and degrading ones, overwhelmingly neutral ones. Situations, ideas and knowledge are not good or bad on their own, yet since they come from sources outside of ourselves they need to be filtered and processed, after assessment for how applicable the gained input can be for our own well-being. It's a process of stretching, expanding and growing. In mental, emotional and spiritual ways, understanding that we don't posess all wisdom and that other people can provide valuable insights for our own further progress.
With this sin in my heart tried to bury Your grace
And you’ve got a gift for anyone
Answer: Call your regular veterinarian or local emergency/referral veterinary hospital for recommendations.
I feel I also must mention that we capped the whole thing off with a trip to Home Depot. It’s just not a truly romantic and meaningful date without that compulsory last minute trip to pick up odds and ends for the house. (For the record, we bought a box of rivets, three magnetic register covers, and torx screw bits. I have no idea what those last bits are.)
PS
These aren't workers in a smelting plant, McDonald's. I have about as much sympathy for a chick with a desk by the window as I do for people who complain that their dick is too big.
Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 160°fan. Butter and line the base of a 20cm cake tin.
At a wedding we were both at last weekend, he yelled at David. At the wedding. Horrible and humiliating and painful, so of course I burst into tears and David and I left the reception. This has been going on for six months and it's not getting any easier.
ML = Mid to late
d) I think I can sell it.
I think the receipt the taxi driver gave me with the year 2023 comes from the traditional Japanese calendar.
Dispensationalism, on the other hand, stresses the discontinuity of God’s dealings with man, breaking history up into distinct epochs. In each age, God deals with man by placing him under a self-​contained covenantal system, having no necessary connec­tion to the covenant of another age. I’ve illustrated this as two trains running on two separate, but parallel tracks. One is engineered by Moses and collects Israel. The other is engineered by Christ and collects the Church. The two systems are completely distinct.
The Macedonian churches Paul describes were in dire straits. The people are suffering in more than one way and yet, they kept giving joyfully; actually they pleaded with Paul to let them give (v4)! They gave beyond themselves at a time of great suffering collectively and personally.
as they bent down, talking in voices
after midterms
It’s been thirty-five weeks since twin sisters Harmony and Melody went their separate ways. And now their story has become irresistible: twins separated at birth, each due to deliver twins…on the same day!
Riding an air-cooled motorcycle for an hour or hanging around them for most of the day will make your ears ring. Not quite deaf, but just that muffly-muted sensation coupled with a background tone that makes it hard to hear nuances and talkative passengers. To entertain riders, bike rallies will set up multiple stages for cultural expositions such as musicianship, artistry (i.e., tattoo shows) and beauty contests (i.e., wet t-shirt contests). When it comes to music (notice how deftly I skip over tattoos and t-shirts!) most people who attend bike rallies like classic rock. ZZ Top, Thin Lizzy, Led Zeppelin, Bad Company… Fortunately for bikers, this music is best enjoyed, at Nigel Tufnel amplification levels. I say fortunately, because, to cut through the ringing noise in everyone’s ears, you have to make it heard!
That His children will not be overtaken with temptation, that an escape will be provided
Break Away
Hello, lovely frocks. I found these photos taken by badmomgoodmom, of my absolute favorite gown from Marie Antoinette (2006). You may recall the scene where she is walking through tall grass at Trianon, in the morning *because she was wearing straw hat! But let's discuss the garment. If you could get your hands on a similar jacket would you wear it? I am certain I would, it would be so easy to fashion it into a modern styled jacket!
A note by the editor in his newspaper
As I listened to the sermon, I appreciated that the pastor had gone the extra mile to give us a new perspective on an old story by highlighting the fact that God will often use an “unlikely, regular person, even a young child” to do great works.
Me: I will.
A nice bonus is that each cup has a small hole in the top. This can be used to thread a thin rope through to assist in lifting the cup out of the channel (I have no yet tried this). It can also facilitate scent games, where all of the cups are placed in the channels, though a treat is only placed under a few cups. The dog must determine where the treat is hidden and then work to reveal it.
I get the feeling that Obama's foreign policy team are so used to thinking that we deserve any condemnation for our policies from any enemy that they honestly have no idea how to be a good ally (tip to Instapundit) of a country that is on our side:
Siddique and Liaqat targeted their victims on the streets of Derby while driving in a BMW.
To Make the Clock:
This exercise is a bit confusing to explain, but I'll do my best. You take a letter combination, such as AR, and try to use it as many times as possible in one piece.
I chickened out and retraced my steps. A night camping out and still being able to walk in the morning was enough… mission accomplished. Discretion would be the better part of valour this time.
3) Simmer for about 30 minutes (add water if necessary), leaving lid slightly covered. Add in mirin and turn off the heat. Leave them aside, covered. Re-heat when you are ready to serve.
Breakfast - Easy eggs Benedict
So if you are like me and you are looking for a new purse, you might want to keep these things in mind when choosing your next one. If you have any recommendation or suggestions on how you choose your handbags; please feel free to share it with us
I find cooking to be very relaxing. A creative endeavor which always calms and soothes. Your hands get busy, your mind wanders and the senses take over. And, in the end, you are rewarded with something tangible, edible, shareable. It’s a wonderful feeling of accomplishment.
The sheriff had to take the driving test because he let his license lapse so long.
SERIES LINKS:
Over 300 gifts valued at approximately $20 are distributed at the party!!
Not at the moment, planned to get some stuff for the game at Killie but there were copyright issues.
Of our politically-correct times.
Saul’s conversion was indeed a picture of Israel’s failure. But Israel joined the Gentiles in unbelief and the whole world is now blinded to the truth; that is unless the light of the glorious gospel is allowed to shine through.
The entire period of Roman history is also one of a great deal of syncretistic influence. From the earliest foundations of Rome out of several different Italian cultures and traditions, Rome continued in its imperialist expansion, encountering and often absorbing the deities and practices of other cultures. They practiced the ritual of evocatio to lure the deities of foreign peoples into their own favor before conquering them, offering the deities temples and honor in the city of Rome that they would not get in their own cities or amongst their own peoples–and, apparently, a lot of deities responded positively to this offer! Phrygian practices were imported during the wars with Carthage in order to ensure victory, and as a result the cult of Magna Mater/Cybele was made a Roman tradition; however, once Carthage was defeated, certain Carthaginian deities like Tanit were incorporated into the Roman pantheon as Juno Caelestis, for example. Greek myths and practices were syncretized with Latin deity-names to the point that the Greek versions of the deities nearly eclipsed the Latin ones entirely. Etruscan deities were also imported into Roman practice, as well as those of Gaul, Thrace, many Near Eastern cultures, and other regions and religions. It would be fair to say that if one is doing Roman practice–which included specific rituals for doing what many in the modern world might call “cultural appropriation”–then one is doing syncretism.
Under "trending topics" on the right side of your home page, Twitter lists the popular topics people are talking about, and those are often hashtag phrases.
“This dog is crazy,” George laughed.
like fabulous creatures.
The company’s product, called Clotamin, contains no vitamin K and reduced amounts of vitamin A, D and E, which is also a concern for people on blood thinners.
"Rapp flipped up the collar on his black jacket and pulled a thin black balaclava over his face. He hefted the coil of climbing rope, looked over the edge of the building and said to himself, "Two shots to the head."
“… the natural man does not accept the things of the Spirit of God; for they are foolishness to him, and he cannot understand them, because they are spiritually appraised.” (1Cor.2:14)
EGG OVER NOODLES
Here's a sneak peek of their photoshoot. Best wishes to you Jeff and Angela!! :) :)
Don’t know what 20 tons of dirt looks like? Here:
We are also free to choose captivity and death by following Satan.
Sift flour into a large bowl and add the coconut, lemon rind, sugar, butter, eggs and milk. Mix well with a wooden spoon until smooth. Pour into the cake pan and smooth the surface. Bake for 40 minutes, or until a skewer comes out clean when inserted in the center of the cake.
Using the word for a name today would be the modern equivalent of calling a character “Genius” or “Epitome.”
Deep fry them in hot oil. Cool and refrigerate for extended shelf life. Personally I like to add rose essence to the filling. It gives it a very distinct and interesting flavor.
The song starts so subtly, and the way it breaks with the female voice is just chilling. The song is all over the place because the lyrics are potent - you hurt me, you're no longer in my life as someone I love, but someone I used to know. Everyone can relate to this one.
The first step to quieting this chatter, is to realize it exists! Then we have to sort out if it is our True Self talking, or is it our sub-conscious? Often the cause is fear, in some form: the “what ifs”. This chatter tries to bring some sort of order from the perceived chaos: we have to consider all the options so we will be safer.
That’s 5 different ISBNs for one book, and this doesn’t include audiobooks or large print.
of me. I am currently in a local hospital and do not expect to leave. My friends and family will be communicating with you to give you regular updates about my condition. Right now it could be 4 days or 4 weeks...unknown. Please post the picture and it would be appreciated if you let everybody know what’s going on so that people don’t think I just disappeared and this is my one opportunity to let everybody know how much I appreciated their friendship and their love. And I hope you use your blog to pass all this to them, anticipate communications from my friends. When I finally do pass, they will let you know, and hopefully you can pass the information on to the world.
The wine is sweeter now
* Apply water around the edges and fold into cone shape. Stuff each cone with 2 tablespoons of filling and close and pinch the top to seal. Repeat the same with the rest of the dough.
The black-and-white logos had already emerged, though other "secondary marks" were new, such as the "Brownstone Ballers, "Brooklyn's Finest," and "No Sleep Til Brooklyn" shirts.
Add all salad ingredients except lettuce and cheese; stir until well coated. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour to blend flavors.
Please also enjoy these great photos by Julie and Zoe! Click on any of the images below to view a larger version.
Initial name submitted: El Proudo (rejected)
Their entire family rode a camel the two hours (when traveling by camel)
In hindsight, this was kind of silly. After this was completely dry, I sanded and sanded and sanded until I created distressing streaks for the brown to come back through.
The point is you just do not need as much stuff as you think you do.
Yellow cardi, Mossimo. Navy tank, Merona. Khaki slacks, Moda International. Seashell necklace, thrifted. Brown braided leather belt, Wilson’s Leather. Yellow pumps, Victoria Spenser.
Story to be continued in Part 2.
I've not joined in with WOYWW this week ... just needing to curtail activities, retrench, catch my breath, etc., but in the words immortalised by Arnie, I'll be back :)
She returned home to find a locked house with no one willing to open the door for her.
The 52 – year – old also revealed that it hadn’t been a good time when he sacked Cheryl, admitting that he felt like ‘public enemy number one’.
These cookies were delicious, melt-in-your mouth and so buttery. The full recipe called for a full pound of butter and that scared the bujeesus out of me so I cut the recipe in half. The halved recipe (below) still made a substantial amount of cookies but if you want/need more, then just double it. The fun thing about this cookie is that you can roll the chilled dough in non-pareils, or colored sugar and coordinate with any holiday or celebration that you need. I used blue sprinkles for half of the dough and rolled the other half in raw sugar. It's not necessary but it adds a nice textural element to the tender cookie and it makes them extra pretty. The dough can be made ahead of time, then when you're ready for them, just slice and bake.
10Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness,
As time went on, he stopped “initiating” contact with me. I would always be the one who would send a text first to see how he was doing. He was responsive at first, but soon he didn’t respond as much or as quickly, saying that he was really busy with work or with his kids. I didn’t want it to seem like I wasn’t being flexible, so I accepted it. Then there were just “texts.” Texting was the main way he communicated with me. We probably talked on the phone once a week. Although texting can be convenient and fun, it’s not the main way that I want to communicate with someone I’m dating. But again, I didn’t want it to seem like I was inflexible.
If one person is brutalized in front of everyone, by the time that ends, everyone in the area are going to take their baggage and leave the community.
Blokes – don’t bow down to pressure to be something you are not. Your mates will think you a bore and that your mind has gone for a Burton http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gone_for_a_Burton. A short stroll on a Sunday to the pub to read the papers followed by a substantial roast dinner with all the trimmings should give you enough of a buzz to warrant a long lie down to bring your adrenaline levels back to sensible levels. Anything else would be extreme.
For most of his life before Paris, including that time in which he charted the Gulf Stream and discovered electricity
So this is for NORMAL plants? LIVE plants? Regardless, my thoughts immediately went to "WHO the HECK has time for this?" I can't get to the grocery store for milk most weeks and NOW I am supposed to be cleaning my plants? I thought that plants helped to clean the air by themselves? So why would I now need to clean a plant?
Prime Minister Najib Razak – through his hard work and use of finances (another problematic area in Malaysian elections – BR1M’s cash handouts involved 5.3 million households at a cost of RM2.3 billion, for example) had made headway and was steering BN into a comfortable win, relying heavily on seats in Sabah and Sarawak.
TWO HOURS LATER!!
You didn't know the needy man was Me!
For area residents, the dangers of walking in the area of Governor's Road and Ogilvie Street are well-known.
Some don’t live in the real world.
Recently, I wrote about the freedom my kids have. I mentioned some of the extremes this freedom has taken us to as a family, while I emphasized that we usually experience balance. I said the following:
If fear isn’t enough to keep congress in line, money is. The CIA routinely bribes senators with stolen loot from the bank roll programs. Every senator has been bribed with a minimum of $200 million dollars deposited in a Bank of America account in Canada. You will never hear the media networks report about NESARA. To maintain silence, major news networks such as CNN are paid in the tune of $2 billion dollars annually. Some of this loot is funneled by the Mormon Church in Utah through Senator Orin Hatch’s office and Bank of America.
“Vi, I’m going to take a shower and get some stuff ready for work tomorrow. Should I wear a tie to my meeting, downtown?”
(Version 1.2.4)
The trend was borne out in a survey by the Arab American Institute (AAI), released on Thursday, in which only 33 percent of respondents said their attitudes regarding Egypt were favorable, compared to 34 percent who said they viewed Egypt unfavorable light.
I absolutely love my Patagonia products and find them to be a preppy wardrobe essential--especially on UVA's grounds!
The article also touched on an aspect of caregiving which can often go undiscussed, which is the importance of caregivers caring for themselves. As the article notes, ”Take regular breaks from caregiving to give yourself a fresh start to your responsibilities. Caregivers often take on the additional worries and burdens, which can, in the long run, have a stressed effect on their own mental and physical health.”
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to become directed by this consciousness as fear. I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to accept for others as myself a world directed by this consciousness as fear.
Place: Near Abacos, Northern Bahamas
* 5x6.5 Card and Envelope
What do you think? Is social media overall beneficial or detrimental to society as a whole? I guess it may be challenging to draw a conclusion right now, but throughout the course of time, I would have to assume this question will come to the forefront. Take a minute and think about it for yourself, what would you be doing with all your extra time, if social media wasn’t occupying some of it?
Well, not exactly. She also happens to be bright and articulate, and instead, she thinks something like this: “What Thurston was saying seemed to Madeleine both insightful and horribly wrong. It was maybe true, what he said, but it shouldn’t have been.”
Shannon's hosting several contests during the Start Your Day with Serial Tour. The big contest will award one lucky winner with a royal amber pendant, pietersite jeweled bookmark, stuffed wolf, 13 to Life mousepad, pen, tote, signed poster, personalized copy of 13 to Life and both of the 13 to Life pins. All you need to do is comment at 13 of the blogs hosting Shannon during her 30 day tour. Everyone who does so will be entered into a random drawing. Winner may be international.
I hear tomorrow the sun is shinning ...
b. The house specs from when it was built in 1988 indicate the square footage to be 2400, later modified by the homeowner to be 2575. Would not generally be suspicious, however the home has had no additions that might increase it's measurements.
"I dont expect that to be on the KROQ playlist anyime soon"
Are you looking to purchase a new camcorder? If so, this article is for you. Camcorders are a great investment as they allow us to capture our favourite memories so that we can relive them forever. When choosing your new camcorder, there are several things you will want to consider including the format and resolution of your camcorder, along with connection options.
His days at Mt. SAC was nothing but positive, humble and of good character.
What are you like with medical procedures when it comes to your kids?
Not that this is a problem because this game is really freakin' good. Admittedly, I've spent most of my time so far working out how all the new changes to the Zerg work out (Zerg all the way!) and trying to work out some decent build orders (rushing doesn't seem to be the way forward anymore), but I'm having fun anyway. The campaign isn't half bad either; just a shame you have to play as the Terran throughout most of it.
Before spring break, I completed a mood board for a new client. She wanted the room to reflect her personal style while using the furniture she already owned. A few of the things on the wish list were 1) a lighter paint color 2) a functional office space and desk chair 3) new bedding 4) curtains 5) artwork 6) family photo wall 7) chandelier. All of this was to be done on a strict budget. Honestly, I love challenges like this because I believe that you do not need to spend a fortune to achieve the look you want. My client also had several pretty antiques in the room and wanted to paint one of them a fresh color.
If anyone follows my pinterest account,
Get deep, restful sleep: Our nightly sleep cycle is the time when our bodies produce human growth hormone (HGH). HGH is responsible for the majority of our youthful characteristics.. smooth and supple skin, hair deeply colored and soft, and high genergy levels.
And at the end of the day, is it really any different from 'biological determinism'? The notion that your every act, every gesture, every desire, is already fated? Decided, as it were, by the composition of your genes? Every person is destined to Heaven or to Hell--isn't that just saying that some of us are destined to fruitful, happy lives, and some of us destined to sorrow?
Like almost every other house in San Francisco - we're not a very storage friendly abode. So having a little clothing rack for guest to organize their coats (and because of our particular chilly weather 11 months of the year - we tend to wear coats a great deal of the time!) is always a help at any function.
Mandatory:
To be sure, crimes happen in all kinds of settings. Often – though as in this case not always – the victim knows the perpetrator. Yet, the physical design of a community can contribute to a sense of trust and confidence, or conversely a sense of fear and isolation.
Inside the fire is raging under the hot metal plate. Outside the sun is blazing over the endless green fields sown with rice. The temperature easily reaches 45°C everyday. Like clockwork they walk from their houses to work in this communal kitchen. Each one takes her place next to the fire. There is no complaining, only a resolve to do what needs to be done.
Myocardial ischemia is an intermediate condition in coronary artery disease during which the heart tissue is slowly or suddenly starved of oxygen and other nutrients. Eventually, the affected heart tissue will die.
Me: That's because Mom's are suppose to know everything.
1 - 1 1/4 cups milk
Wow, I'm not sure where to start. Thanks everybody for all the great response to my 3 column version of the Minima template.
“Does it fit?” with that comment from the stranger, hysterical laughter filled the air.
He: She hectors me about my weight, nags me to take out the garbage and
- Shoot your enemies with an unusual gun that shoots fruit and vegetables!
A fresh business office can cause better emphasis, which will help you inside your network marketing business. Make sure to maintain all of your invoices associated with your small business in plastic-type material totes and tuck them – in the event you give them laying around you’ll locate some will find yourself losing, or enjoyed from the puppy!
400 gram old ginger ( skin on and dented )
I was picking up my daughter Monday afternoon at school to take her to a doctor’s appointment when I noticed something that warmed my heart. I saw several different messages in large chalk words around campus.
What is clear from my own study, however, is the presence of darker more sinister organizations either involved with or having shown support for OWS/OP. A fact that should certainly lead proper authorities within the archdiocese to give pause and discern carefully before allowing further promotion of the group to nearly 400,000 Oregon Catholics via its official newspaper.
A little bit of fear and a little bit of money both provide an excellent opportunity for growth through experience. I look forward to this adventure, and I can't wait to take you people with me.
She avoids looking at the terrified corpse and takes one more look beneath the bed. There, lying face down, is a photo frame. Within it, an almost stock photo of the perfect family. Her wayward yet long-gone husband, now replacing Ron’s image. Jasmine perched atop his shoulders, happy, gigging and Simone smiling at both. Behind them, the blurred outline of a shadowy figure, hanging from a
‘Christians were accused of weakening the empire by their contempt for magistrates and military leaders……It was the fault of Christians that Roman organization was crumbling and that the Roman army had lost many frontier wars.’
Each entry provides a vignette of the owners and their interpretation of the Slow movement.
I know I'm being stingy by not showing more of the room as a whole though I have made so many changes since getting the leather sofas it's practically a new space! So I'm planning a proper reveal post to showcase the entire makeover soon (promise :-).
Hours before the game, Johan “Injourou” Djourou told his followers on Twitter that he’s enjoying his defensive partnership with Laurent Koscielny.
To share someone’s grief,
I've come to know a few things about this life, as most chicken wives do. We may be the only demographic in the world that finds it completely normal to hear our husbands talk daily about breasts, legs, and young, tender meat and answer strange phone calls in the middle of the night- all the while knowing they are in fact not cheating on us. So, how can you spot a chicken wife from the rest of the crowd?
As I had planned, I went out at a fairly steady pace. I knew there were a few females ahead of me but I wasn’t sure how many.
I hadn't had a recent tetanus shot so we immediately ruled out all the ads that mentioned "no strings attached fun", "discreet man looking for ..." and "big cock for you" ... which reduced the number of viable ads by 60%. Then we took out the elderly and the ones looking for some hot boy-on-boy action ... which left approximately 4 ads. Which on the positive side at least made the selection process easier.
was the best parent. Finally my dad won custody when it turned out
Add the remaining rhubarb to the saucepan and stir to combine. Immediately pour the compote out onto a large plate or baking dish to cool.
A.J. Jenkins – WR – Illinois – The new model WR at the NFL level is big, rangey, and has great hands (ala Calvin Johnson, L. Fitz, Andre Johnson). Jenkins is the antithesis of that, more Welker than any of those guys. At 6’1 and 190 lbs., Jenkins is a quick, YAC monster. With more tests on the Big 10 schedule, if Jenkins can keep up his numbers (to the tune of 633 yards) we will keep him on this list!
Ganga Devi said, ” If you stay too, along with Ambika (mother Parvathi), and your Ganas, then that will be great, and I will stay here.” When Siva agreed to this, all the other Devas, Brahma and Vishnu came there and they were very thrilled with the place.
darkness
Knowledge without character,
I happen to believe that the issues raised by this dispute go to the very fundamentals of POD publishing and probably as much into any service we purchase as a consumer. One of the claimants in the above action is Stephen Manning of Checkpoint Press. Stephen has posted elsewhere in comments on this blog, including relevant links and case detail, as well as other input from viewers who have defended Diggory Press. There has been much posting and discussing about this matter on the internet and as of recently, PrivatEye magazine in the UK has also covered the action. (I have verified the article of 25.1.08 issue 1202 and have a purchased copy in my possession). I do not wish to launch a debate into the this dispute, as the comments and links elsewhere and in the listed forums cover this, as well as the matter now residing with Her Majesty’s Courts. However, I would like to deal more generally with the issues concerned and make some observations.
Meanwhile, since I missed last week's Weird Card Wednesday segment, I thought I'd pull another card from my childhood E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial collection for your amusement: #26 "Time for a Snack." (I feel like this card looks lately!)
31. Jessica Hahn II - 1989
It's Cyndi's turn to pick the "top 3" this week and I'll get those up ASAP, keep checking back!
Dad asked if I would go with him again today.... I thought to myself, " He DOES like having me around when he goes for lunch!" I do not eat WITH him... I go walk my dog.. but my friend who works there really likes doing the NYTimes crosswords with him. She and her husband own the place and we go waaaaaaaaaay back. It is not the Italian food I am used to from NY or Carmelina's but it is pretty good fare for a small NH town.
hear, was sung repeatedly, just four
The Miami Dolphins wide receiver had a touchdown catch in each quarter, including an early 74-yarder and a 3-yarder in the fourth, in a game filled with highlight-reel catches. He was selected the game’s MVP and his four TD catches set a Pro Bowl record.
As you know, we hold these events to build the Co-op's membership, and to reach our goal for Saturday's Beer Social, we need just 2% of the more than 1,000 non-members reading this email to join the Co-op!
And he makes a sort of a case if you ignore his starting point: How he detects la ninas, el ninos and other influences. He detects such events, quite conventionally, as periods of temperature that diverged from an average. So he removed those periods from his data and, Hey Presto! He gets the desired cooling effect.
Little bump? Little bump? WTF? It sounded like someone had ripped the front of my car off from where I was sitting! Once they'd realised that my car was a mess and their lorry wasn't they offered to drive us into town and they very helpfully moved my car onto the grass verge at the side of the road.
Circle punch or scissors
So, lesson learned? The next time I do an endurance race, don't try and keep up with marathoners and train by running longer distances, so I can get a better feel for how fast I should go. I did love the race and I plan on doing it again next year.
It’s not that I haven’t anything to write. I must have 15-20 drafts in various stages of done-ity, and every time I read one of the several blogs I follow on WordPress, I get more ideas. I just don’t have the energy, or synergy, or whatever it takes, to finish them. I’m stuck here in my obesity, unable to walk more than a block without breathing hard, taking Slo-Niacin to get my cholesterol to come down because I’ve refused to take a prescription med for it. I’ve read here about the real problems other folks face and I am empathetic for them but not for me. My blood sugar level is great and all my other tests are normal. So what? BFD.
The problem with Draupadi was that she was as flawed as Kunti but with loads of EGO inside her. (It seems to me that it was karna’s fate to have such flawed women in his life even though his quality as man was what women always desire in a son or a husband)
I wish I
Rick Stevenson (Magic in the Water)
So I followed a link to an article on Sky.com titled "Fifty Pubs Closing Every Week, Research Says." Nowhere in the article is the smoking ban mentioned, not even in passing. Because when I talk to pub owners, many of them say their business would improve if smokers were allowed to smoke inside the premises. Who likes being forced to stand outside in the cold, or rain? Some pubs, however, prefer to be non-smoking. And there is absolutely nothing wrong with that. Every business owner should be allowed to choose. It's their business, their property. Before the smoking ban came in, we sometimes went to non-smoking establishments and we never complained or said they should allow smoking. We respected their choice.
God help me…. I know what I was like as I went through that obnoxious, precocious stage between 7-10 years old. And that was swiftly followed by the prepubescent wannabe period. Then all hell broke loose as I became a teenager!! And NOW look at me…..A fruitloopmum ……OH F***K. I AM STUFFED.
The season is still anybody’s game and I’m not saying for a second, that Sebastian Vettel is out of the running. There are still 17 races between now and November and anything can happen. It is however, painfully obvious, that whether it be the car or the driver, something is not going right for Vettel. After an outburst, following the Malaysian Grand Prix, and news of both Red Bull drivers using different exhaust setups in Shanghai, Vettel is beginning to look desperate. During today’s race, he was not only overtaken by Lewis Hamilton, in the second to last lap, but his teammate Mark Webber.
The rose is the flower emblem of England. According to English superstition, if the petals fall from a fresh-cut red rose, bad luck will soon follow. In Wales, the white rose represents innocence and silence, and is thus placed on the grave of a young child. To Native Americans, the white rose symbolizes security and happiness, and is often worn during wedding ceremonies.
I grew up knowing my parents loved one another. I saw it in the way they interacted. Of course as an adolescent I was embarrassed that my parents still held hands and would kiss one another good bye and hello. Now I find it endearing thinking about it and wish I could have that same type of relationship.
The 1961 library is shown in the postcard below. This library is described on the back of the postcard as follows:
First of all, do you really think that Snooki said that she can’t wait to appear on HSN?
Lisa Robertson / two from Debbie: an epic / 32-35
Random Integer Generator
Fast-forward 19 years. When I left the ashram, it was with the thought from some in the community that I gave up, that I did not try hard enough, that somehow I was caught by delusion. It was part of a belief system that was extremely difficult to dislodge from. However, I finally came to the understanding that I needed to just be, sex desire and all… to embrace rather than to fight the energies of my humanness. Was it delusion on my part? Maybe, but I knew that the ultimate surrender would begin by learning little by little to trust the voice of my own heart, and not the loud voices shouting “failure” and “fallen one” from the outside.
As far as strategic arsenals as 'stabilizing' forces, I think it's been pretty conclusively demonstrated (in game theory and Cold War history) that that is true IF both sides have secure second strike capability. Without that, a first strike may succeed and may even be likely to succeed so that a rational actor who sees war coming has incentive to attack preemptively with nuclear weapons.
Crossing the river by the roadbridge, I continue into Brockenhurst. Well, at the second attempt: having waded across the ankle-deep shallows, I find the grassy area beyond is fenced off, resulting in a retreat back across the river. Once in the village, a quick pint in the Virginia creeper-clad Rose and Crown follows, then onwards, over the railway to turn left down Church Lane. My intention from here is to follow, as closely as possible, the course of the Lymington River, although, now outside the boundary of the New Forest’s open access land, the dearth of rights of way along the river bank will make this something of a challenge.
Anyway...moving on!
Royce and Hadrian have been called upon to aid the struggling kingdom of Melengar as it alone stands in defiance against the newly formed empire. As war approaches a desperate gamble behind enemy lines is their only chance at forming an alliance with the Nationalists to the south.
The summer pork parade suggests otherwise.
Then, for some reason, I can’t say why, I approached the long back pond by a route that I seldom use. For one thing, I have to pass very close to people’s apartments, and I try to give every one as much privacy as I would like to have, and the second reason is that on a sunny day, any shots I would take from there would be into the sun.
It’s quite amazing to find that this global convergence between religion and science is
If this was just a regular jacket I would have abandoned it at her place where she would eventually throw away weeks later. But, this jacket was fucking sick. I just had to add that. Anyway, I had to go back up the elevator, walk to her room, apprehensively knock on the door and request my jacket back. My storm out was nullified a bit, and I'm sure she got a chuckle out of seeing me come back with my tail between my legs. Even though I just grabbed my jacket and left without saying sorry.
Lydia's Book Review:
From day to day we live from our heads, our thoughts.....and this causes all our problems, all our misery. We're going against our deepest instincts!
It is annoying when anyone pretends to know another person’s mind, heart and soul. But it is frightening when doctors believe they are entitled to judge the sincerity of another person’s religious or conscientiously held beliefs. With this comment, Dr. Snyderman has assumed the position of an Inquisitor. There is some comfort in knowing that the rack is no longer in fashion and the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution 20 has not yet been repealed.
I know, I know, another post on water kefir. This stuff is so good for you, I want all of my friends and family to be drinking this! It has completely gotten rid of Maggie's chronic UTI's, cured my kids of tummy bugs and fevers within hours and it has completely regulated my hormones after drinking 32oz/day for a month. Probiotics rock!
The proper way to prepare teh tarik is by pouring the strong milky tea at great height from one metal cup into another, a thunderous waterfall that creates a foaming bubble of froth. It's a traditional method not always practised in Sydney restaurants, and so I'm mesmerised as we watch the spectacular tea pouring process in action at Aseana Food Village.
With respect to colour choices, you can modify the colour scheme using Blogger's built in colour editing capabilities. Click on the Layout tab and then on Fonts and Colors.
During the second half of the twentieth century, I had the privilege of living through years of intensive erudition and I realized that Canadians, located in the northernmost region of this hemisphere, were always respectful towards our country. They invested in areas of their interest and traded with Cuba, but they did not interfere in the internal affairs of our State.
The fog in my brain thickened, and by the time we were back at the homestead, I was a full-on zombie. I had to tell her youngest that I doubted I'd be able to keep my promise to take him to NASA's Spacecenter, Houston, the following day.
February-continue scent articles and work on go-outs
What an amazing trip, and back to reality it is for the V Life.
Yet, despite, all her words about wanting to keep them, I was sure she wanted to sell. For the first time she let me talk: I smiled, "Your fabrics are stunning, I have quite a collection at home, but I haven't often seen any this beautiful"
Yep, you read that right. In this one-time-only, three-part series, we discuss the other half of the species: that elusive creature known as the unzombified human male.
I have to laugh, sounds like me alright!
MAROUL/ 12
patterned paper from docrafts
Another topic I’ll touch briefly here is music. I am a huge fan of classical music personally. I buy very little music now because the music I bought 2 years ago is pretty much the same music I listen to now. Sure, I buy some but not nearly as much as everyone trying to keep up with the ever changing music industry. Common artists on my iPod include New York Philharmonic, Columbus State University Band, Dale Warland Singers, etc. I’m comfortable in my music selection and I enjoy listening to a genre of music that has pieces over 300 years old and that are still popular. Makes much less of a financial dent than buying every song to top the charts each week (then subsequently not listening to that song again for 3 years).
Tease Me
you know what, when they say you love a person, everything else like the trials and hardship doesn’t matter? i love that way. i can look pass your mistake and still love you.
The young and handsome Vallon and his trio are a wee bit too earnest throughout, “challenging conventions of the modern jazz piano trio,” as the ECM publicity proclaims. Commendably, theirs is not the exploration of the song form or melodic convention of the cliché-ridden jazz piano trio plying Tin Pan Alley tunes and meaningless originals so much in evidence in countless recordings and any hotel lounge.
The lyrics go like this:
And He looked at it, touched it, and fixed it… Without hesitating.
The mandate for the study was to:
These would cheer up even the grumpiest Scrooge on Christmas morning! Groovy funky floral coasters by Dawn Turner (Dawn Turner Designs):
My favorite is the hot ham an cheese on the panini grill with a side of lister bisque soup. But you got to know which days to go to get it! Everything is made from scratch daily!
I filled out an audition sheet. Sat by my friend. My stomach continued to churn - and then a girl sat by me, who I'd had Brain and Behavior with last semester. She also looked nervous. I asked her if she'd done this before. Nope. So we decided to do a monologue together - in a desperate effort to ease our nerves.
Anyone who has seen this typically mesmeric Angelopoulos meditation on 'borders' (political, geographical, generational, psychological) speaks of the pure spectacle of the wedding across the river, which in perfect cinematic terms suggests the absurdity of nationalism - of claiming place - as an affront to the natural human instinct to create links between people. It is, in its presentation, one of the boldest of Angelopoulos's great set-pieces, and one of the defining moments of this, his greatest film.
I've indulged his favorite-food-itis with an occasional yes to the nuggets but recently something unexpected happened. McDonald's changed their nugget recipe to be more "healthy".
He has got to tuck his butt in when he dances – he sticks it out and it makes his posture so weird. But he really brought the character and he does try so hard.
Notes from experience: You must be organized (and it's a great way to make yourself organized, too). You must plan tightly (I use College Readiness Standards and Laying the Foundation skills/concepts). You must be original and purposeful in your design/implementation of instruction. You must let the students know what they're learning each day by posting Learning Targets (I didn't create this idea, but I post all LTs for each unit and slide over the ones for that day), as it keeps students ahead of the game. You must send a letter home to parents at the beginning of the year with a description of the infrastructure, a blog contract (for students and parents), and a list of books that will be available at some point during your class. *I have all of these documents one would need to implement this completely, but I can't post them all here, and I can't respond to individual emails attaching them either. However, I plan to write this book soon. Look for it in a few years. ;)
The crowd that now gathered outside the burning building cheered as the families emerged unharmed. But it was clear the fire that had spread to the cupola and clock tower would be more difficult to tame.
Have a wonderful Mother's Day Weekend!!
#8. Good times and grilled hot dogs at Tri City Park with a boatload of family all around for Grandpa Stu’s birthday #85. He’s the Best!!–we all agree on that. After a little celebration and a lot of Grandpa’s famous hugs, Ani & Brian were off to SF and Laurel embarked on her 7 week/7 city cross country road trip.**
The trick on the new house is that it will be half the size of our current home. That means yours truly has to get rid of a lot of stuff. It will force me to examine my various collections and say goodbye to some things. We have adopted the philosophy of keep the best and get rid of the rest. This week we made our first steps in this regard utilizing Craigslist to get rid of our large theater seats and a huge treadmill. We have one more large item to get rid of and that may be difficult as it is a large screen TV. No space for something like that and no one wants one. I even wonder if I need a TV, oh yeah Fringe, okay maybe I do need one.
Mango- Cilantro Slaw:
Canella also sells a sparkling Blood Orange Mimosa. I have never had Canella’s Mimosa, but I suspect this could be a good New Years Eve option or perfect for brunch on New Years Day. Both the Canella Bellini and Mimosa sell for about $12 a bottle.
Life got the best of me yet again. We got super busy with our PCS. We did a full DITY move. NEVER AGAIN. It's too stressful. I think we may stick with partial DITY but not a full.
USD/JPY: A volatile but generally consolidative session which saw early USD strength be restricted by strong resistance in the 80.62 area. This forced values back down and lows for the session were posted in the 80.04 zone before bouncing once more. This choppy day finally closed in and around the 80.23 region.
All I can do is make lists. I am listing. As a child that was an indicative trait, the almost masturbatory pleasure I received making various lists - it was how I ordered my universe.
Some of you may remember me saying that I had won a new magnolia stamp from Jacque's Joie de Vivre's blog giveaway Sunday Sensations with Magnolia-licious, through a slight twist of fate I ended up chatting to Diana at Magnolia-licious more than expect and she is a very lovely lady, I also had a bit of a look through the online store and they have a fabulous range too. Anyway enough rambling, my stamp arrived a few days back and here is a card that I made with it today.
But there is a test available privately – I actually had one in pregnancy with Joni, which was paid for. I believe it was around £30-£50 and administered by a local private midwife.
I’m pigeon-toed.
I had a few work friends round for dinner last night, and decided that instead of playing it safe with the usual lasagne then chocolate cake combo (wonderful though it is) I’d cook a more unusual take on lasagne. This one was from the May 2010 issue of Delicious magazine which is dedicated to Italian food and the recipe was mushroom, parma ham and mascarpone lasagne, which also had pork mince in it. Well I must say it was very nice, and a decent change from traditional lasagne. The meat and mushrooms were cooked in a white wine and chicken stock sauce with lots of parsley, garlic and onion, and the mascarpone béchamel sauce was really creamy and complimented the meat. Feedback was also very positive and empty plates are always a good sign. I forgot to take a photo of it though, but if you want to picture it, just imagine a lasagne with a white filling as opposed to the usual red one. Thats it!
He said if the opposition parties did not keep a careful watch "I believe all the development allocation would go into the pockets of the Barisan Nasional leaders".
The White House says the two nations are working together to track down bin Laden’s successor, Ayman al-Zawahiri, the Egyptian cleric believed to be still hiding near the Afghan border. But relations – and intelligence sharing – are far from normalised as Pakistan awaits an apology over the cross-border strike, and the two nations try to recalibrate the alliance with more clearly defined parameters.
I am proud to say that I am not a woman who breaks into ex's email accounts.
“Young people do not just need rules, they need reasons. It’s time for the church to regroup, rethink, and recast it’s strategy for social and political engagement. Christians must learn to engage the secular worldviews that drive the public debate. They must learn to articulate a worldview rationale for biblical morality. And most importantly, they must back up their message with authentic living before a watching world.”
Second, it is quite easy to definitively show that this whole Power Balance scheme is just a big, fat scam. Just take a look at how skeptic Richard Saunders and his crew at the SkepticZone demonstrate how the scam works…
Plus, there is the fact that I am still a Mom to three little girls and I really need to have time left over for them...and my home...and my hubby.
Stadium. A.J. Burnett will start, and hopefully,
Where triumph rang its brassy phrase, or love
Here's what we know so far:
Consequently, I didn't spend a great deal of time in the craft space and when I did most of it was spent finishing of the job I started on Tuesday ... yes, it has taken me this long to sort out the charms and gee-gaws! Taking some costume jewellery (car boot finds) to pieces took up quite a bit of the last few days, but it was worth it because I will now be able to find what I want quickly and easily.
Sceptics will, entirely reasonably, note the big questions here barely even addressed. How much of all of this is genuinely new money, as opposed to money that would have come to Liverpool anyway from existing or abolished funding sources? How much of this city deal has to be shared with the city-region LEP? How much freedom of action will the Mayor have to do things that Ministers don’t like? And, of course, the perennial question of additional revenue-raising, as opposed to capital-raising, powers.
My Soul To Take is a promising first instalment in the Soul Screamers series. Rachel Vincent has taken some of the best loved elements of the YA paranormal genre and given them a quirky and unusual twist. The result? Compulsively readable.
(n.b. I’ve just finished Marilynne Robinson’s book, Absence of Mind, and it’s dreadful. It’s not only very poorly written—in contrast, Robinson was nominated for a Pulitzer for her fiction—but it’s almost incoherent in its attack on “scientism”.)
In the face of this false choice between Polly being too girly and not being girly enough, I have come to two conclusions. The first is that the best thing we can do right now for Polly is to create within our household small interventions in the dominant patterns of the world beyond. My hope is that through these interventions she will eventually become aware that the inequalities of power between women and men in our society are not natural and unalterable properties and that this awareness will allow her to negotiate the inequalities she encounters with some sense of ironic separation between herself and her cultural position as a woman. As such, I don’t want to, for example, regularize the doctor = male, nurse = female equation in Pip and Polly’s role playing. This equation reproduces a relationship in which the highly paid man holds final decision-making power and the lesser paid woman is responsible for following his directions. I’d rather have them enact the other possible combinations: Pip and Polly as doctors, Pip as nurse and Polly as doctor, Pip and Polly as nurses. She will see plenty of the first combination during her real visits to the doctor.
Any glitches need to be reported so that can be dealt with but Zoel has a secret. Her glitches cause telekinetic powers to emerge. Soon Zoel will meet more glitchers: Max who can change his appearance and Adrien who can see glimpses of the future.
The damage done to the brand in this particular instance may not be of much significance; the Oaksterdam University has stated that it will re-open immediately. But it drives home the very real message that cannabis is still illegal in the USA, and its governmental approval will not be gained through the guise of a taxable business, however much this ought to be rewarded in a capitalist society. It seems therefore that the war on drugs is far from reaching an end and the absurd contradiction between Federal and State law is still causing problems for patients and businesses alike.
Other than my drive toward creating Art, I’m horrible dealing with interpersonal relationships. I need an agent and someone who is all-around a better person than myself. You see, I’m aware I’m a lousy son and a terrible boyfriend. Sometimes, I feel that is a choice I made so that I can continue producing artwork. It’s true that I often see everything in life besides my art and writing as distractions.
S... is my initial :) Hello... how are you all doing?
(For coating fish, chicken and other fried foods)
(4) confiscation of infringing products;
Does it go to the guy out there in the pouring-down pissing-down rain today going at the sodden sidewalk with a leaf blower??
The grey hair is excessive here, due to overstimulation of the area of the brain that copes with futility and frustration. The only way this woman could have saved herself was by employing the aid of a cudgel. However, with Aunt Vom in the nick again, no-one heard her cry for help. Bless her - she is in all our prayers.
“Bend over, bitch!”
“Dammit, Joan. If he’s here, he’s fair game!”
Designer: Pam Allen
Drawing – Åsa Lieberath
Makes 2 cups
Amusement and rebellion.
Linking up to Lynne`s Fresh Sewing Day. It`s a great place to check out what others have been up to and grab some inspiration. You can also check out Lynne`s Small Blog Meet and follow a few smaller but no less inspirational blogs.
* “Rise” – Live In Italy
Any tips on fighting soreness? So that I don’t bag out tomorrow?
“Cornal took a while to settle after his move from the Absa Currie Cup First Division, but he is coming along nicely now. He has a great work ethic, his understanding of the finer detail of Sevens is getting better all the time and he easily had his best tournament last week.
It's time for another challenge over at Shopping Our Stash! This week we ask you to use three or more patterned papers on your card. This is a PERFECT challenge for using up scraps (er, remnants) of all those pretty papers you are hoarding. Yes, I'm talking to YOU! I include myself in this accusation, as I do hoard pretty papers; I'm good at it. Too bad it 's not a marketable skill.
ALEC BALDWIN / Jack Donaghy – “30 ROCK” (NBC)
News!!! This has been extended. Thru the weekend. Yay!! Save50 is the coupon code.
i thought i would enter this card in a couple of challenges - yep found a couple - sooo fingers crossed.
Talk to any PR professional or marketer about a typical day at the office and you’re likely to get the same response: “No two days are ever the same”. While it might sound cliched, it’s one of the things that most attracts graduates to careers in this field.
The crosses and ornaments (available soon) are one of a kind. No two are made exactly alike. Once it’s sold…there will not be another one exactly the same. I make them by hand and also make the charms that hang by hand.
"The Missing Necklace"
In a summary report, the SAC at Norfolk informed Hoover: “I was interested to learn that recently several Japanese balloons were found in that territory which were determined to have been carrying bacteria. The bacteria consisting of anthrax, are placed in the hydrogen. I was told that such bacteria mainly affects cattle. When the bacteria lands on wheat or other types or farm land where food is being raised for the cattle, the bacteria remain in the food when it is eaten by the cattle, and upon human consumption of the milk or meat, the bacteria can be passed on.”
"What's wrong today?" I asked, startled by her reaction.
I have no idea why there was a plan to murder the Montague Family or who all were part of the plot/plan to murder the Montague Family, but I do know that some of my families, some other people I know, and I were part of it.
