What is the perfect occasion to give this book as a gift?
07-31 St. Louis, MO – Peabody Opera House
I was left with the other tiny beetroot, which I juiced with an apple and an orange. Manage to yield 1 cup of juice which I shared with my dearest hubby - 3 gulps each. The taste of the beetroot was slightly bitter and it certainly over-powered the taste of the apple and orange. Weirdly, I would describe the taste of beetroot as the taste you would imagine when you smell some rain-soaked soil. I wouldn't be sure why would you smell the soil but basically, it has very earthy taste, thus not many people like beetroot BUT it is loaded with good nutrients and vitamins.
Modo Herzlich D
To the land where the bong-tree grows;
Her makeup is running, her tears flowing black. She doesn’t reach to wipe them. Shunning away from him she doesn’t want to appear weak, that would be worse than dying.
Mr. Conners didn’t immediately answer. His breathing into the telephone receiver, the only sound during the awkward pause. Mr. Conners cleared his throat. Then he cleared it a second time. “Umh, Rob’s with me now.”
Nah, I swear to god, you’re like gum under my shoe!
Rising taste? I wondered, was that the same as good taste? Was it a way of achieving good taste? Was that site perhaps telling people that if they want good taste, then they should read Shadow of a Doubt? Was my blog now right up there with classical music, William Shakespeare, Chippendale furniture, and white Christmas tree lights? At long last, the aesthetes had discovered me!
The parents just giggled when they learned of this fright
It pays to do a little bit of homework.
Professor: Flawed ? Can you explain how?
Wikipedia doesn’t have an article on concentration. But it has one on attention. It includes a clinical model of attention as proposed by Professors McKay Moore Sohlberg and Catherine A. Mateer:
Times like these are always hard when I realise how it’s not so much them doing an injustice to me, but more that I am doing an injustice to myself by letting this happen; because in all honesty I had seen the signs, I just didn’t want to give up on something that I thought would start to grow again. I am too stubborn to call something quits because I see it as a failure, as letting them down, rather than as a fact of life because everything is born and everything dies, it’s the natural progression. So by not letting these things fall away naturally and trying to glue them to me I let myself down further.
What was unusual — at least to me— was that when I moved up to New York City, I found that the racism was not only prevalent, but actually more hostile. People I knew casually spouted out racist dialogues that I tried my best to separate myself from. In a store I worked in during my college age years, it was standard practice that when a young, African American male walked into the store, you followed him to make sure he didn’t steal. In the several years I worked in that store, I never saw one of those kids pull out a gun— that honor would belong to the white guy who worked in the toy department, threatening an African American customer to get out of the store. Twenty-five years later and I’m still unclear as to whether the customer actually did anything.
language saying what is true,
In 1903, he introduced his famous trick pool table, which featured a mechanism that pulled all fifteen balls into pockets at the same time. In 1905, Fields got his first speaking role in the McIntyre and Heath vehicle The Ham Tree on Broadway. The role was tailored for his already well-known personality and allowed him to perform many of his routines.
destroy Santa’s Workshop on Christmas Eve, and it’s up to these
just wondering
Palm Sunday, at least to me, isn’t just a “prep-talk” before Easter, it isn’t just cute to watch little kids have sword fights with palm branches, it isn’t just a happy sermon.
I really like this one. The peppery character is something you don't find in a lot of today's bourbons, and it's complex and well balanced from nose to finish. Good stuff! Keep in mind though, that Dant went through a number of different distilleries and the same label may differ greatly from version to version.
“Don’t you be trying to talk to me, boy,” Mr O’Neewl looked up sharply from his faded newspaper. He shook his paper with vexed air and bit harder on his pipe.
A father and his five-year-old daughter head out to a basketball court at the local playground. He carries his regulation ball on his hip. She rolls her kid-sized version in front of her, occasionally kicking it to keep it moving. When they reach the court, the father shoots a couple of shots while his daughter proceeds to dribble her ball around the court with two hands. After a few minutes, the daughter says,
#3. Crescent City Red Stallion
Now life seems so much brighter
Hope you enjoy the post !
I can only say that my remarks were motivated by fear for the Church’s liberty. This is a larger topic that cannot be explored in this expression of personal sorrow and sympathy for those who were wounded by what I said.
Yet she stayed in the relationship because of her strong belief that unschooling would benefit her children.
I love romantic movies, especially now that I am falling in love with someone so special for the first time in my life. These romantic movies you have of course heard of, they’re – The notebook, A walk to remember, Dear John, and The Last song movie. I watched them now because I saw them when I was very young and I don’t remmeber them- except for the last song. I love the intensity and passionate love that John and Savannah had shared in the movie Dear John, but, I couldn’t stand the ending, they didn’t end up together. Which is a shame. You know in my opinion that movie had put things in perspective; Many people get married because they LOVE THE PERSON. Not because they ARE IN LOVE WITH THAT PERSON. If I was John I would have died completely, I would have never let Savannah go, NEVER. If God has created someone specifically for you, Which he has for everyone in the world, why would you give up on that? I mean I know it is just a movie, but, there are many people who have gone through it before like the movie-it’s hard for me not to take it personally. My favorites are the Notebook and A walk to remember. The notebook, for me was so beautiful. It was the intensity, the love, the kind that I have always been longing for. My favorite part in the whole movie, was when they were old, and no matter how Allie couldn’t remember anything, Her husband NEVER gave up on her, he had such a zealous faith. I loved how he would say that his wife was his home when his kids begged for him to come back. That is what a soulmate is. A real soulmate connection. Love is what every single one of us wants so deep in our hearts even though some of us are aware, some of us are indenial about it or some don’t even recognize it. But, believe me it’s what we all want. A walk to remember made me think a lot about Chris. Because of how Landon and Jaime started out in the movie it reminded me so much of how I began to fall in love with Chris. The fact that we desperately want to be with eachother and we just somehow won’t admit it to eachother, because we’re both scared. I know I am really scared, I have never felt like this before in my life. I have a hard time admitting the fact that I already want to tell Chris that I love him. I don’t understand,The fact that I am Psychic makes me understand our connection and love so deeply that it makes me just want to tell him so soon already, I know everything about his life well, atleast some. About his ex-wife and a bit of parents. From my dreams and intuition. But, I will wait for the right moment because he doesn’t know what I know.
‘Me and papamug were drinking beer in London last summer while we were enjoying a music festival at the ICA. We started to imagine a festival in our little town located on the westest part of Iceland. We imagined that we would do a festival were local workers would sing, dj and entertain as they were the main attraction and we would get the biggest name in Icelandic music seen to support them. When we woke up the idea was still there so we called up some friends and to our surprise everybody was up for it. A guy called Ragnar (the singer in Trabant) loved the idea, he got everybody involved, we even talked to Bjork when we meet her down town when we were drunk.. she said we were cutie pies and for a long time we thought that was yes….’
It was time for the next great adventure. N got the offer to come to Scotland. I stood on my head to make it happen. We sold everything we owned and I worked even more overtime. She got over here and the three youngest kids stayed with her for the first six months. They came back to the US in June and spent two months with me before my retirement and our return to Scotland.
After some talk about vengeance and what Kaladin would sell for and what not, Tvlakv … kind of seems not so bad. I mean, he’s just doing what he can to make a living.
In memory of Dimitris Christoulia.
Justin Patchin, co-director of the national Cyberbullying Research Center and associate professor at the University of Wisconsin, said there were better alternatives to criminalizing cyberbullying. Schools should use loss of extracurricular activities, they could assign cyberbullying research projects, or they could mandate detention and family partnership programs to teach students about cyber harassment, he said.
Barnett
Ginger Lime Salmon fillet
On clouds of glory seated.
We are not that nerdy, please believe me.
Setting one off on the road
In 2005, the truckers were earning $2 per mile and $900 per day to transport the ice, and many simply moved ice from one area of the country to the other, never delivering to a disaster site. Including shipping costs, the government paid more than $4 per 5-pound bag of ice purchased during Katrina relief, the Times reported. The same bag could have been purchased locally for about $1.50.
It's the last day of 2011. Tomorrow we'll start afresh with 2012 and leave this entire year behind us, a bundle of memories with dusts swirling at its feet. I spent yesterday clicking through every month's posts for this entire year and (probably influenced by a recent end-of-the-season episode where they essentially just piece together clips from all the episodes of that season) decided that I wanted to share with you my favorite moments in Brooketopia in 2011. Enjoy!
These ghosts are afar in Time Balloon approach by accepting a specific time on anniversary course. The ghosts are those of the agents who fabricated the game, and are all absolute difficult to overcome. The times accustomed for anniversary clue are those of the Agents Ghost; the adeptness to hunt the Apparition is acquired by timing a few abnormal added than the Agents Apparition on that track. It varies from clue to track, admitting the adapted time is usually aural 5 to 10 abnormal of the Agents Ghost’s time.
Sam: I know, I have mental problems.
Me: Jamie, have you seen my phone?
The den itself is underneath the shed and the decking (see above). I saw at least three entrances to the den and the cubs soon disappear when they sense danger. The mother fox is very resourceful and carefully removed some of the decking to make the entrance hole slightly wider in one place.
And there is a beneficial effect too. By experiencing good times, writing about good times, and talking about good times, you create so much positive energy, it is almost impossible for negative energy to come through. Almost…
Last week I met Joe for breakfast at our regular breakfast haunt-- the IHOP on Colonial close to Thornton Park in the Biggish City near My Small Town. I told him that Mom, Dad, and I would be having lunch together on my birthday, and I would love for him to be a part of the day. Even though Joe and I are no longer dating, he is still a very important constant in my life. Joe is family. I'm tremendously thankful that we have been able to transcend our former selves to continue our relationship, albeit very different from what we were before. Plus, my dad really loves being around Joe. He is a man's man and so very smart-- able to talk football and give the reasons for the economic decline of America all in the same breath.
They dig their heels in. They don't like to be questioned about it. And they really don't like to be told they're wrong, even in the face of overwhelming evidence that they are.
KAMANDI -Archive Edition Vol. 1 by Jack Kirby (issues 1-10)
In his summing-up, the Appeal Court judge at Norwich Crown Court (yes I lost the case twice) said the word “cunt” was “clearly obscene” – although I had not been charged with using obscene language and a decision based on that would seem to overturn the decision in the Lady Chatterley’s Lover trial of 1960.
Their tips were pretty standard – exercising a lot to offset all the food they must taste. In fact that was a BIG one. They considered exercise to be a must. They suggested drinking plenty of water, eating a big, fresh salad every day, keeping healthy snacks handy when the urge (or opportunity) to have something fattening arises. All good recommendations.
everything I touch turns to dust
down about quarter of eleven so
Borrowed from another blog, should have put it in favorites but forgot to.
We also coordinated our Bible School classes and all ages were taught from the same lessons (adapted of course to each age group). I am currently uploading those files to my box.net account and there they will be freely available to any who so choose top download them.
1969
These years of mental illness have left me with an intermittent lack of self-worth that is not conducive to writing a vulnerable story for public consumption.
a) The palm tree is a symbol of the stature of the church… Song of Solomon 7:7… erect… pure…
A shallow dirt road.
as earth to sun
A comprehensive look at how a storm develops and moves, this book is an amazing resource for teaching about weather. It follows a large springtime storm in 1982 as it moves from rain in the Pacific Northwest to a blizzard in the Sierras to tornados and hail in the Texas plains and finally becomes a blizzard in New York City. As the storm rolls on, the book explains what's causing it to evolve and how meteorologists can forecast what will happen next. It's a great book for helping students understand how weather events are related and why they occur.
I am supposed to be packing for our beach weekend, but thought I would add my Friday weigh-in post real quick.
Derek Birkett, a former Grid Control Engineer who has a lifetime’s experience in electricity supply throughout Britain, warned that the cost of the crisis could match that of the recent banking collapse.
-- New York gets its first FM rock music station in 1966 -- WOR-FM. While I doubt this fact makes the show, expect a soundtrack heavily laced with sweat and reverb. (Or perhaps, laced with something more tangible?)
There is something called hypo mania, this is what I get. The person never goes into full blown mania. They get high energy and creative and its fun. You feel like you can finally keep up with everyone else as opposed to when on the downswing when you feel like you can't keep up with anything. A person constantly feels guilty about being depressed, you feel like you are letting everyone down. So when you are up, it makes you feel like you are the same as everyone else and you don't live with that feeling of self-blame and weariness. And it is because of exactly this that people tend to not address the early symptoms which are called pro-dromal symptoms, it is a perpetual trap that people with Bipolar Disorder fall into. And I knew this and did it anyway.
Here are a couple of the other hangers that were not quite finished the last time. Tiny magic forest worlds inside a toadstool.
The watching angels come now, yes
Cardstock: Very Vanilla, black, and Riding Hood Red (SU)
The Delta II 7320 launch vehicle carrying the Aquarius/SAC-D spacecraft is poised for liftoff at 7:20 AM Phoenix time (0020 UTC) from NASA’s Space Launch Complex 2 at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. Weather is not expected to pose a problem; in fact, forecasters with the U.S. Air Force’s 30th Weather Squadron predict a zero percent chance of violating launch weather criteria.
13 does
Anyway its Friday and I have technically nothing to do....except pick up kids at 1 and wait for the Homecoming parade to start. If I was a good girl I would be doing housework and getting ahead of homework.........but I really don't feel like it and well Miley(the greyhound) has decided to sleep all day so why not me? I will do it later!
3. Cry For a Shadow
I had already informed her teacher and principal.
I am tired so I don't know when I'll post again, and I'm not sure when I'll get all the blogs read that I usually keep up with.
The moral of the story – you don’t have to have a big bank account to be lucky, although for some, it doesn’t hurt. It’s a matter on how you VIEW what you have.
78. How to Save a Life Sara Zarr
Cricut Cardz Challenge 66 and
LEED Canada offers another professional accreditation in the area of designing green buildings. Professionals in such careers as architecture and engineering can obtain this accreditation, and workers in a variety of industries can also now obtain this knowledge in a new tiered level of designations and educational content. “Getting these accreditations shows they understand the principles of green building and design,” says Crystal Finnigan, higher education programs administrator at the Canada Green Building Council. Employers, she says, “are looking for people that have that experience.”
But there is another set of figures not disclosed; the MI5 National Security budget and payments that relate to intelligence information specific to terrorist threats.
If you have a suspicious mole, don't let the pictures above keep you from getting it checked. I can think of a 1000 things I'd rather do than have a wide excision done, but I did it. The initial shots to deaden the area were the worst of the procedure. Honestly, I didn't feel much after that. The following week, my back was a little sore and I couldn't do much twisting or turning. My clients in the studio this week were awesome and helped out with toting weights around and re-racking them for me. I only needed the pain meds the doc prescribed me once and that was just the first night and it was more to help me sleep than for intense pain.
In conclusion, I could really have quoted more of this, to be honest. Part of me wonders why I bothered to share something this painfully boneheaded with you all. But then I thought, hey, an eye for an eye. If I have to suffer, I don't see why you lot shouldn't too. It's balance. Karma. And, er, something about banana prices.
93. Invincible Summer Hannah Moskowitz
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the carrot and bell pepper until soft, about 10 minutes. Add half of the coconut milk and the green curry paste. Heat until the curry paste is dissolved. Add remaining coconut milk, tamari, and salt. Crumble the tofu into the skillet. Simmer for about 14 minutes. Add the baby spinach and stir until it wilts. Top each serving with cilantro and Sriracha sauce.
Anyway, that's my weekend, somewhere in there I've got to make him a card, without him seeing it, probably easier said than done
"We have to do something because our future leaders are being destroyed by drugs," he said.
So, I decided to make a Challenge!
HOPE: A TRAGEDY has been compared to a wide variety of Jewish writers, including Philip Roth and Woody Allen, but for me the novel was very much in the same vein as Kurt Vonnegut’s work, and I mean that as the highest of compliments.
"...I remember him as a very curious fellow. His name was Jack Raffles and he was born in Wiltshire in the early seventies. Sometime during his teenage years, the whole family moved to the east end of London - not that he had any choice in the matter - his parents were getting more concerned that the local yokels of the village were starting to have a bad influence on a young and impressionable Jack. A clean break from those weird inbred antics was what they all needed.
Many thanks to Carey and the Turtleneck family for the cards!
The Shakespeare Secret
I'll be sending these cards out to you within the week but first I need an email from each one of you, with your address and top two favorite teams. I will be adding in the bonus stuff based on these teams. Brad you sent an email with your address but I need teams and Derek, I know you're a Braves guy but I need an address. Mike I need both teams and address.
know how to jam here
Aung San Suu Kyi elected to Parliament
Yes. I think so. But I don't think that it should be the term 'Craft Beer'
Addendum for the Late Edition: This just in from Richard Hamilton: “Elkhorn Ridge is generally attributed to Oscar Wright, a fiddler/banjo player from Princeton, WV. There are some recordings of his playing available. His version of Elkhorn on banjo looks like it is on Clawhammer Banjo Vol 2. from County.” Thanks, Rich!
suffer death in agony on the cross.
I remember praying for them...reading their words and seeing their faith. They walked through such a hard journey but shined Christ so brightly through it!
Romney says the 2012 election is “an election about the soul of America.” but if the voters want someone who had built wealth on awareness of morality and ethics, Romney for certain is not the way to better America’s ‘soul’. Guess Romney isn’t too Xian (meaning not so fundo) but the finances could suffer terribly (given the way Romney thinks about money – i,e, corporate raiding) if Romney took charge . . . btw anyone saw “Cherry 2000 (1987 Steve De Jarnatt)”? Romney’s relatives/holding’s featured in that film???
I have some testimonials, just a couple for now (I'm putting a bunch on the site):
Sandra Jackson-Dumont is an independent writer/curator/cultural producer.
"Honey, isn't it weird that both of your sisters married Mexican guys? Isn't it weird that you had a serious girlfriend who was Mexican before marrying me, your Mexican wife? It seems funny that none of you got involved with Navajo partners, considering that you are Navajo."
I meant to include some links from earlier blog posts that I did on Breitbart, including his seminal work on such matters as ACORN and The Pigford Sttlement, but unfortunately, the links have been taken down, and clicking on them now takes you straight to Breitbart's homepage. As such I instead draw your attention to the Breitbart memorial compiled by Zilla Of The Resistance which contains innumerable links related to Breitbart.
Rather than regale you with tales of my gastronomic woes of these past several months, suffice it say that, where I was once looking to gain about ten pounds, I am now looking to gain twice that amount. (Sorry Jayne, but I think it can now be clinically proven that my ass is, in fact, smaller than yours. Not that that's a good thing.)
That’s it for today, happy Wednesday!
38. When she’s a bit older, your definition of higher and faster will be a lot closer to hers. When that day comes, go ahead… give it all you’ve got.
- tell him your plans for the future.
6. Name one thing about the class that you know now that you would have liked to have known when you originally rolled your toon.
NPR's Madalit Del Barco: "...lights up her glass Hello Kitty pipe filled with primo California weed."
Linda Ruddy is a creative and she works in a variety of materials including pencils, paints, paper, porcelain and fabric. Her current projects involve hand-sewn bookbinding, children's book illustrating, and writing. In 2010, two of her paintings were published in the Saddleback College literary magazine, The Wall. In the past, she has received recognition for painting and doll making. Linda lives in San Juan Capistrano with her husband and family pet. Her new blog can be found at:www.wingsofwonder.worpress.com Please visit often to see how the site develops. Following the muse,
What else can I add? Oh yeah, the Attorney General could end up with Congressional charges for contempt; the GSA has misused substantial amounts of taxpayer funds; the Secret Service has been tarnished by a scandal that shows a terrible lack of ethics and self-control; the military is being abused for politics; and over half the states are involved with litigation with the United States; mostly for economic and state's rights issues.
“Yes, and lets go to the park and throw things at the ducks”
Some people can't afford fuel to heat their homes but if they're lucky enough to live in a gas fracking zone they can warm up by turning on the kitchen tap and flicking a match.
"The Economist's article doesn't even reflect its ridiculous front page. As it says, Scotland is not subsidised from Westminster, the Scottish economy performs better than any other nation or region in the UK outside south-east England, and we account for 10% of the UK's GDP with just 8.4% of the population. How dare our community and nation be decried in such an insulting manner. It tells us nothing about economics and everything about the insular, metropolitan bias of the anti-independence campaign."
but this doesn’t always work out
a choked thirst for sweeter times
In these times of credit crunch and recession these loans provide an excellent source of relief to the needy. Since banks are very choosy about the people they lend to going for a Faxless Cash Advance Payday Loan is anytime a better option….. Read More >>
As it turned out at 1.00pm the next day I was waiting for someone to arrive to pick up some plants - they were late. The phone rang & Mr Wmm quite bluntly stated that he was waiting to go out & I'd said I'd be there at 1.00pm. Say what??? Well shoot, I corrected him on that one!
I thought that was a fun piece of trivia.
The delays didn’t take away from the action in the ring as 8 Count put together a fairly competitive card for the night. A raucous cheering section supported local fighters Dimar Ortuz, Adan Ortiz and Granados all night long while Marlon Smith learned that the easiest way to get heat from the crowd
This clown on the other hand – with his smeared greasepaint and his insecurities – is seductive. I’ve been imagining a world in which he could live – a world populated by tattooed, pierced prop artist / roadies, and an acting troupe made up from self-identified vampires, their consenting blood dolls, militant pagans, and other societal drop-outs. There’s a middle-aged, asexual couple with fluid gender-identities too – I think they design the special effects, create the makeups and manage the books. I am in love with them all.
Fucking rad, it's freezing cold and been pouring rain for the last week, so I guess Spring can officially go fuck itself. Miserable bullshit weather gets me all solemn and introspective, and that's when I start posting sad-sack instrumental post-metal from Germany. I can see your eyes glazing over, but in case you haven't already moved on to a better blog, I'll inform you that Kasan haunt the same frigid waters as Russian Circles, Omega Massif, and Caspian... or, you know, any other instrumetal band with long, dark and brooding songs that average about 10 minutes per track. And I like it. I mean, it's certainly not the new Hour of Penance, but if you can handle a bunch of sullen, vocal-free compositions in whatever beautiful, sun-filled paradise you live in, please be my guest.
And thats it from me for today folks. Sorry Ive been so quiet. I know, its weird right? Loops? Being quiet? Wonders may never cease. But being "sickie no well" as its called in my family, didnt help.....or did it? Hmmmm, it certainly did keep me quiet! My Scrubby may disagree with that statement though.
I won’t bore you with all the zesting/beating/mixing details. It really was quite a cinch. Then I dropped the cookies by level tablespoons, as the recipe says, onto cookie sheets. And since the recipe said by “level tablespoon,” the perfectionista inside of me took over and I robotically measured each and every one, but somehow, still ended up with about 20 cookies too many. Not gonna help with the whole bad mood thing. But whatever, I baked them.
In the video, a group of men are seen sitting on the floor inside of a cage with their hands tied behind their backs.
Here are the 31 collections longlisted for this year's Edge Hill Short Story prize, apparently a record number this year (with links to our reviews if we have already reviewed them):
We are living in serious times of pressure… pressures from the world, the flesh, and the devil. Our text emphasizes three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job. While leaders of the nations of the world are in war and preparing for war, God is preparing the church to be overcomers. In these last days, there are dangers of famine… In these last days, there are dangers from noisome beasts… These beasts can be rogue nations. The word “noisome” includes in its meaning “evil, adversity, calamity, and distress (caused by man).” The word “beast” includes in its meaning “raw flesh, company, congregation, multitudes, troops, and terrorists.” In these last days, another danger is the sword, or warfare. There are many wars on earth at this time. In these last days another danger is pestilence, or chemical warfare, disease, or plagues. God says… “Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither son nor daughter; they shall but deliver their own souls by their righteousness” (Ezekiel 14:20, KJV).
Send special box to Sarah, Vicki, Alex, Loren & Ella.
I personally do not publish to the public key servers, but it is up to you.
As depressed as I may get, as painful as things may get, I can’t give up. I may carry around a lot of burdens but I’m carrying something more important than that, and when he or she comes into the world I need to be strong for them!
Duchovny
Darling be my love in both art and arms, Together we can watch
You are being encouraged and invited to participate in several levels of co-creation. One is the conscious exercise of shifting the dense patterns of prejudice, hatred, and lack, the illusions of powerlessness and perceived limitations. Another incredible skill for you to begin to use often and productively is generating uplifting frequencies and vibrations of love, joy, gratitude and appreciation. Flood the energetic field with these coherent feelings from your heart. Practice this. Become proficient. Become the true master that you are.
The point is, those who wish to receive OPE for one more year need to remit $24 to Kurt ASAP. I can't keep writing reminder emails all the time. I have filing to do.
Look, let me just say this about Bill Maher. Bill Maher is an ass, but let's stop comparing him to Rush Limbaugh. If he said that Sarah Palin is a dumb c**t, that is unacceptable. It's perfectly reasonable to point out that she is a dumb person, but calling her the c-word is just wrong, because now you're bringing gender into it. Now you're kinda denigrating all women, not just the horrible Sarah Palin. It's fine to call her a twit, but not a twat. That being said, what Limbaugh did to Ms Fluke is a whole different ballgame. He "apologized" for using the words "slut" and "prostitute," but take those two words out and his diatribe is still disgusting. For one thing, it's totally dishonest. He claimed that she was having so much sex that she was "going broke paying for contraception." Besides betraying his complete ignorance of how birth control works, that is not at all what she said. Also, he said that she was asking for the taxpayers to pay for her pills. That is also a lie.
He is Bob Slocum, an executive in his forties with an unnamed corporation. In a sense he is the only character in the book, although he tells us about others: his family and his colleagues, past and present. When he, like most of us, spends all his time either at work or at home, what else is there to say? His opinions are self-lacerating, horrible, funny and true. He fears his co-workers and they fear him. His wife, he thinks, is unhappy. He has long, hilarious passive-aggressive exchanges with his boss, Green (“He’s got the whammy on me”), which is an advance on the plain aggressive conversations he has with his 15-year-old daughter. His nine-year-old son, meanwhile, is filled with fear – his family, generally, are filled with the qualities Slocum has given them – and there is a third child, the only one whose name we know: Derek. He is disabled, and it is with him that Slocum’s refusal to look away from his own thoughts reaches its awful apex.
Filling them with a thick, hot desire
Asparagus season is pretty well wrapping up for us. We could continue picking until June or July but once we have what we want and share a little we quit cutting our asparagus. We believe that is why our asparagus bed has served us for over 14 years and is still producing. Once we have our fill we allow our asparagus all summer to store plenty of nutrients and build lots of healthy roots for next year.
This is Satheesh, the head honcho.
The 1984 UN Convention against Torture, signed and ratified by the US, requires states to investigate allegations of torture committed on their territory or by their nationals, or extradite them to stand trial elsewhere.
That is the curse and the addictive part of lampworking, you have to go through so many processes to create one bead and all along the way there are so many different influences that can either help you create something special or destroy something you think is special. But that is the hook you just gotta keep on striving for better and better!!
As her dad snapped away, she looked up at me and said, “Oh wow, I want to kiss you!”
This is the first book in Leanna Renee Hieber’s new Magic Most Foul series and has been described as a dark and gothic tale. I love stories set in the Victorian era and this one has a paranormal twist so it’s definitely my kind of read!
I wont lie – that is not the most exciting image in the entire world ever but it marks a new stage in the house…new wiring that is not 60 years old !
Museum Pass – Even though there are many free museums to enjoy in Paris, the ones you write home about have hefty entrance fees so a Paris Museum Pass is your golden ticket to unlimited access to all 60 museums -- ideal for repeated visits so you can soak up your favorites.
Canada also has an opportunity to play a bigger role in the knowledge based economy by developing higher-level skills and expertise that will help offset uncompetitive labour costs. “Canadian firms could…further exploit the tremendous opportunities in mobile computing and customer-focused applications that capture more of the value in the shift to digital commerce that is occurring across the globe,” said Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney in an April 2012 speech.
(not that you can much of the base card anymore)
Note: Try varying the preserve filling. Apricot or peach preserves are good substitutes.
A great, great scene and certainly one of Arthur Darvill’s best moments. He has a really endearing ability to speak tough and show vulnerability all at once.
If you’ve been to Drayton Hall since our repointing campaign began, you may have seen us making mortar the old fashioned way—with a mortar tub and pugging mallet. We add ingredients like lime, sand, and oyster shell; and then we pound them all together. It’s hard work, and we’re often asked why we go to all the trouble instead of using store-bought cement. The answer is simple. Cement and historic bricks do not belong together. Although it is entirely appropriate to use cement on modern bricks, it can wreak havoc on historic ones. If you’ll recall that historic bricks are like sponges, imagine what happens if they’re saturated when the temperature dips below freezing. They expand, and if they swell against hard modern cement, they crumble! If you’ve ever seen a wall that looks like a honeycomb of mortar joints with powdery brick or stone in the middle, you’ve seen this phenomenon in action. This is why we go to the trouble of making a softer historic mortar. We intend for it to be a sacrificial building material. So, as the bricks expand and contract, the mortar deteriorates instead of the historic bricks. If we didn’t invest the time to repoint the bricks with the proper mortar, it wouldn’t be long before those bricks bearing the finger prints of their maker began to crumble away.
"Like three or five, or what? It is just how you say 'how tall' in Spanish."
The Fable of SpyroThe Fable Of Spyro: A New Beginning
If heinous crimes are forgotten or disappeared, a second injustice is added to the original crimes.
Because most of the story’s conflict is Claire’s internal struggles, it has much less action than the debut novel. In fact, there is little to no action. Reading Claire complain about her boyfriend and how hard her life is got old after a while and finishing the story became a chore. Certain parts of the story gripped me, but overall, I felt that this plot was fairly lackluster. The ending was exciting and left the series off on an interesting note, but I hope the third book, if there is a third, has more happening and less complaining.
But what if we have it all wrong?
I’m excited about it being available for a physical copy. If you want to see what it’s like before you buy it, the e-book may be a good investment. It’s only $0.99.
We left Wednesday around noon- embarking on this three-hour journey was something of a mystery to me. Carrying with the theme of time, we left our cell phones, our watches and just any electronical piece at home. It was a disconnect from technology and a time to enhance a time where you can really, truly find yourself, connect with humanity, and express yourself in a free and open environment without the harsh judgment or stress of reality.
RUSHING
Your life has purpose
I grab her breasts
As I was sitting on the couch next to my daughter, Livie, it occurred to me that I was her age when Prince Charles and Lady Diana were married.
I made some new friends there to. My favourite one I named "Tilli.
I colored Fairy Charlotte up in shades of pinks, oranges and yellows. I love this color combo especially with the hit of green from the leaves! I cut her out with my Spellbinders circles making sure to leave the tips of her wings out of the frame. I then masked Charlotte and the flower and air-brushed the background in. I used some of the same markers that I had used during the coloration of Charlotte and just they blended so nicely together to create a soft background.
Well hello there my loves! I hope everyone had a good weekend.
-Project must include at least one Magnolia stamp and be a T-Slide Card
produce, following a series of successful films including Gnomeo and Juliet and 9.
This is my new favorite "cookie". I put the word cookie in quotes because it's obviously savory and not sweet, but also because it's almost more related to a scone in texture (which is odd because this recipe calls for oil instead of butter). And just like a scone, the base cookie can be used as a vehicle for any type of herb or cheese desired. I liked using the parmesan on the inside because then it left my favorite cheese, goat cheese, as the obvious choice to heartily slather on top. Paired with a glass of red wine, this cookie is the perfect party treat.
I love these Sweet Nantes Carrots from Trader Joe's. They are like orange sugar. One cup of finely shredded carrots and 1/3 c of low-fat plain yogurt make this a moist cake. It also has eggs and oil. I guess you could make it non-dairy by using soy yogurt.
3. Serve drizzled with honey and 1/2 cup fruit (berries or diced peaches) each serving.
Plurality
For a game that lasts two-three hours, you’d expect it to be on the iPod or something, however, not on the Wii. It’s fun, and it’s a good game to play, but don’t spend more than a fiver on this…what you get from it is hardly worth how much it costs.
One of the worst by-products of all this heat, besides my absolutely pathetic yard, is my extremely PUNCHY mood. While Peach and Olive have been living it up with Mama T at Abuelita T’s the past week, T-Bone and I have been trying to tackle some things on the Never-Ending Home Improvement List, most of which are, of course, outside. So it’s been a real crapstorm of fun up in here, I have to say. We get one thing done, but then it only makes something else look like hell, so there’s hardly time to bask in our accomplishments before I’m raging about our corner-cutting builder and their all-star team of incompetents. Seriously – did you really think the grass would grow where you laid the sod on top of leftover concrete? Because it’s thriving so much more over there, on top of the broken glass and re-bar. And I really love, LOVE!, your keen ability to get overspray on every inch of trim and window on the house – such a joy to clean! All of this to say, I am out for BLOOD, y’all.
Chittum carefully tries to equipose himself between mainstream conservatives and the nazis: e.g., he repeatedly denounces "racist affirmative action" and says that the war and breakup are likely, though not desirable. The mood he projects is one of grim fact-facing, as opposed to conservative evasion and racist apocalyptic fantasy. For this alone, the book is well worth reading: it is such a refreshing change from the usual mindless attitudinizing on racial issues. (It would be interesting to be in the audience of a panel discussion of this book including Fred Reed, Peter Brimelow, Dinesh D'Souza, and Thomas Sowell.)
round or a crescent.
Now isn't that a crazy idea?
Men are right and women are left, as in left-wing.
Take for instance, the eReader business; the top two players in the field are the Amazon Kindle and the Barnes and Noble’s Nook lineup. Notice anything special about them? That’s right, their names. Kindle, in the context of Amazon’s marketing ploy, refers to cuddling up with a book, perhaps under the dim light of a lamp sitting idly in a mahogany library, with the barely distinguishable sound of rain, drizzling outside. People can relate to such a word, and want to achieve this ideal situation. Similarly, the name Nook, refers to a small space, reserved for a nice afternoon read under the warmth of the summer sun. Clearly, a name can bring about fantasy-like feelings, all while enticing the consumer to purchase the relevant product.
When Luminox set out to make a watch, they had several things in mind. First, the watch should be functional and useful. Second, a wristwatch should be durable and rugged, yet stylish.
Once a child reaches adolescence, though, the parents are no longer the primary influence. Number one becomes peers, and number two becomes the media (and in saying the media, that means movies, television, music, internet, etc.) There is no “this is right and that is wrong,” there is simply, “if I do this will my peers think it’s cool,” or, “if I don’t do that, will my peers mock me.”
The centre itself is a fabulous mix of traditional old farmhouse, living community and religious retreat with its Yurt, Kiln, Lovers Lake, Labyrinth and Temple of Love. The welcome, and way we were instantly treat as part of their community was an example to us all.
It's Friday. Enough said...
AND if you comment on ALL the blogs, leave your name on the Mr. Linky on the YNS blog. Karen is offering up some great prizes again this month. The winner will be posted on the YNS blog on March 14th.
I don’t really know what else to put in this little ditty right now. While it doesn’t seem complete, I’m not yet sure what else to do with it. It’s really meant as a handy extra to do calculations and provide numbers for others scripts, similar to a user-agent sniffer, but for widths, heights, aspect ratios and such.
In the last couple of post we have been talking about God Encounters. We will pick up from yesterday and continue to look at some things that we need to recognize when we encounter God.
The big events are behind us. The viewing, the funeral and the brunch with family and friends have been successfully checked-off the to-do list. The apartment is cleared out. The house will be dealt with, but not now…or tomorrow.
I’m a big fan of turkish sit ups and get ups. The combination of balance, strength, coordination and the variety of types make me smile.
When I first started reading this I wasn’t sure it was going to be one I was going to like. First off, it set me up for the all too common teenage love triangle—one girl attracted to two incredibly hot boys. Second the whole paranormal/ghost/past lives seemed to be a bit overdone. Actually, the first descriptions of this book reminded me a little of Lauren Kate’s Fallen series which both intrigued me and frustrated me. There was something however, that despite my reservations, made me want to read this novel.
Other times, I'd brag about where my family was going on vacation. On one or two occasions, those holidays got grounded and didn't happen. It made me look bad to the other kids.
“mmm, Chunnie… Did you remember what day is it today?” I asked carefully.
I now want to hand over Holistic Mama to 100% parenting and home. My astrology, spiritual journey, food, art, creativity, photography, general musings, frivolous ponderings, design, film....... all over at my new place (if I've visited you recently I left you a trail *wink*).
6. Cover the non-stick pan and let the batter cook till golden brown. It's best done on medium heat to avoid the blackish color.
Practical note: the sugary juices that fall on the dish around the ribs will likely burn... This doesn't affect the taste of the meat, which doesn't burn, but it makes it harder to clean the dish. Soaking the dish overnight seems to help a lot in cleaning out the burnt juices.
all that is left when the Holy Spirit
Care
The list goes on and on, and it is probably safe to assume that the Da Vinci posters and the extraordinary painting will continuously be tampered with to create a new Mona Lisa time and time again.
This country had crashed. The water supply, never maintained, cannot meet the country's needs. The same with the electricity supply, the lack of infrastructure maintenance, the over-spending, the over-capitalisation, the incompetence, the lack of patriotism. The health services have cllapsed completed and there is nothing left of our world class roads.
When we were in the second store, Indiana called again to ask if I'd ordered the tickets yet. I reminded him that I wouldn't be at a computer until after supper. Then he said he'd figured it out, but he still ended up wanting me to talk him through some of the steps. He finally hit the point of agreeing that he should wait and let me do it.
That loneliness can cause
Ink - Chocolate Chip, Versamark
I received a newsletter from Numi Tea a few days ago..at the top of the newsletter was a wonderful quote that was attributed to Helen Keller…her words were so moving that I created a page containing her words…
I woke up this morning, one week out from her next visit, thinking about L’s lips and ass and tits, and my hand was resting on my nearly-erect cock.
On my blog for the last few years i've posted a looking back post on new years eve just for fun of my favourite creations from each month and anything memberable from that month! as i love to look back! ! So here we go for 2011.....
The mayor also interact with the inhabitants of the colony in Peru, Jayendra gudi and relief secured and the repairs of the road as soon as possible. He also directed the Corporation officials to speed up relief work in warmer parts of the RAI monsoon in the south of Chennai.
Last week I started my half-marathon running clinic. Our first night our instructor told us we would be running 4 km (2.5 mi for my American friends). I thought, okay that’s not bad. She then said that technically the 4 km run should be a solid, steady run with no walk breaks, and that she would aim to do 10 and 1′s (run 10 min, walk 1). I hadn’t run since October, and began to feel panic set in a bit.
EVANS D. Occupational Influenza. In: Couturier; 223-267.
A. He / She Believes His Way Is Right 12:15
But, Zinn says, the second-highest number of robberies is between 4am and 7am, when residents are up and about, and the alarms have been deactivated.
Well its been bright sunshine here in Yorkshire and ive managed to pick up a bargain for
"Illustrated War News", Nov. 3, 1915, page 23.There's only one thing I know about Greek beer from this period. That it was brewed to the Reinheitsgebot because when Greece became a monarchy in the 19th century, they imported a Bavarian prince to be king. Germany was the prime source of royalty for several centuries. All those little states meant there were plenty minor royals knocking about.
Jack fruit :10 pieces
Rule #4: Show don’t Tell
art by Janette
Jaela - lying
Considering the many times President Zuma has railed and uttered veiled threats against the Supreme Court of Appeal and the Constitutional Court, there can be no doubt as to whom Khoza was referring to, and also when he said that our “political leadership’s moral quotient is degenerating and we are fast losing the checks and balances that are necessary to prevent a recurrence of the past.”
your fingertips the flame.
Late on Thursday evening, I went to the cinema with a friend of mine to watch a live performance of Oliver Goldsmith’s play She Stoops to Conquer which was being streamed from the National Theatre in London. The performance was a lot of fun: first, we were shown a little snippet with the costume designer and two of the actors talking about the costumes and how the characters are created through the help of clothes and later on, there was a small interview with the director, Jamie Lloyd.
I was writing about my kids extensively, because that's what I do. I am compelled to write about my life. But because my husband and I lived hundreds of miles from our families, I was also sending out mass emails on a daily and weekly basis to update our families on our shenanigans. And I heard it again and again, “You should write a book.” (Please note: this doesn't always mean you should and I realized that this was my mom and she might be a little biased.) I thought I might have an audience when my family members started forwarding my emails to everyone in their contact lists and I began receiving feedback from people I didn't know. I started a blog and somehow convinced the editor of our local paper to let me write a weekly family humor column.
The New Jerusalem
The shit has hit the fan in the British economy, and, while the rich there have continued to get richer and thrive more aggressively (according to the article in The Guardian there’s a 17-year difference in life expectancy between the bottom of the British economic ladder and the top. The article’s here: http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2012/apr/28/doctors-treatment-denial-smokers-obese ) the government is going about its way making the poor pay for the catastrophic fiscal policies that created the problem in the first place. They’re cutting disability benefits and reneging on some pretty critical chunks of the social contract. It almost makes Maggie Thatcher look kind of decent, except that she’s the grandmother of the financial crapola in the first place. What the fuck is it with conservatives and their demonstrably idiotic belief that it’s a good thing for the rich to eat the poor? But I digress.
Although they had sensed the grace and authority with which he had read the passage, the response of the people was this: “Isn’t this Joseph’s son?”
stay in booze.
Today is the last day of March, which means it will be a busy day. The last and the first days of the month always are. I have lots of little things I have to attend to today. Hopefully by this evening, that will include a shop update with all of these pretties Ive been teasing you with this past week!
Why do you like us?
Masks have been worn by man for ritual and ceremonial purposes since ancient times and can be traced to the Egyptian and Roman periods.The Death Mask in most ancient cultures was made of wax or plaster cast of the persons face. Sometimes while alive, but usually after death had occurred. For the wealthy or the royal families, they were often cast in bronze or gold and placed over the deceased face at burial. The process served as a reminder of the deceased for the family as well as being a protection from evil spirits and was associated with the belief in the return of the spirit.
I know Kroger has a good GF selection. Do you all rely on grocery stores or go to Whole Foods and Sprouts type markets?
If you would like to have the chance to win this, you need to post a comment on THIS post, or on my facebook page (link on sidebar), and I will put all the names in the hat and draw a winner next Sunday evening. You could, of course, put a comment in both places, and I guess that means I can put your name in twice! You are also very welcome to share this post, or the facebook post , I'd be very grateful - however, this is NOT a condition of entering the draw. I hate feeling pressured to share stuff - it can feel horribly spammy - so don't feel obliged at all!
It didn't quite work out as it was supposed to. But, that's for the next post!
VG: I don’t know. It would be great to see ‘The Coward’s Tale’ out there in lots of languages - but the prose is very lyrical in places, and it mirrors a south Wales dialect. I guess that is not easy to translate. Fingers crossed indeed.
“Not the same?”
We went to high school together.
My kid has worked his butt off for a solid year, we didn't kick up a stink when they wanted us to use their programme, we didn't make a fuss when they failed to give us the programme until January, he has gone from scraping by in Italian last year to successfully completing a prima media entry test this morning (Son of Thor is end of year 4, prima media test is beginning of year 6). Does he get a well earned rest like the other kids at school ? Does he get to immerse himself all day, everyday with other kids now they are free to play "full time" campo estivo in a carefree mode without having to face schooling before and after ?
By November 2011, only 28 of these municipal plants were still in working order. Municipal purification plants therefore are pouring thousands of tons of unfiltered, untreated human- and chemical waste directly into the country's fresh-water streams and rivers, he warned. In 2008 he warned that many taxpayers countrywide were often complaining of alling ill and dying from drinking the municipal water, he warned.
Then there was that push for newscasters and TV people to pronounce resources as reZORsez. Thankfully that died out quickly.
I did discuss my plan with Adam. He knew better than to say no when I have a plan for epicness. Mind you, he knows I care about this race too much to blow it by being stupid. He knows that I'm aware of my body and if I feel something alarmingly off, I'll stop before I screw something up... but I presented my idea to him. 14+22 = 36 miles... so how about I only run 6 on Friday and go for 30 on Saturday? This was it... this was what I would need to just give me that extra mental edge.
Leaving Hertfordshire behind us we set off back through Chipping Barnet, which seems to be the oldest part complete with a range of historic buildings – 2 sets of Almshouses and an old school. Also Barnet Museum, which seems to have rather restricted opening times. Opposite the church is the newly built Barnet College and sure enough several young people boarded at this point.
Written by actress Patty Duke and Gloria Hochman, this tells the story of Patty Duke's struggle with mental illness. The chapters are alternately written by Ms. Duke, telling the story in her words, and then Ms. Hochman explaining the facts and treatments of manic depressive illness.
My husby toted his burden of suitcases, etc. into the room a couple of seconds later.
Everlasting fictional dream,
*I have been a CM consultant for 5 years now. You can visit my website at www.mycmsite.com/shagen to order the exclusive cartriges offered by Creative Memories. They are great! - Thanks! Sarah Hagen
I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works. Rev. 2:23
The record does feature tablas as well as some other odd percussion. It was issued on the Music is Medicine Label in 1977. I haven't been able to find out much about Whynott but he did record four albums after this one: Apology to the Animals, Calico, Geography & Lost Land. Some of these you can pick up on CD if you search for them. This album is also available at a reasonable price.
In Monday’s ruling, the court concluded that the unions haven’t demonstrated that any wrongful action or damage has occurred because of Measure L. Pointing to recent AFSCME negotiations with Menlo Park as an example, the ruling stated that “the undisputed evidence before this court is that successful negotiations can take place with Measure L in place.” read more…
And it takes some courage to state that if any Malaysian parent wishes his or her child to study Mandarin or Tamil, he should be able to do so in the same singular national schooling system where these languages should also be taught as Malaysian languages — languages that have been spoken in the region for centuries.
So, what’s the big deal with porn anyway? Why is it SO popular? And why would your partner WANT to have it playing while they’re supposed to be sexually aroused by, interested in AND paying attention to YOU? I think there are many answers to that, actually…
BF: What happened in my case was that I asked a very simple and obvious question when I was at Forbes.
For most books, it does not take many orders to increase rankings. Knowing this, authors, publishers, even nonprofit organizations like MoveOn.org will send out e-mail blasts asking people to buy a book at a set time, or buy up copies themselves. Some authors get their friends to write reviews or even write a positive review for a rival book and mention their own title. Oh, that is one of my pet peeves. Sometimes, I am looking at books on Amazon, maybe a book recommended because of another book I bought. There is a book, maybe one with only a small number of reviews, but an oddly large number in the 5 star category. So, I look at the review authors.
Really, picture an older aunt looming over a small child, bellowing, "He's so YUMMY! I could just EAT HIM UP!" Not such a stretch to Sendak's wild things, or to the people-eating ogres and trolls of legend. Although in today's world, I'm pretty sure ogres and trolls represent school bullies. A few hundred years ago they were probably the village bullies. Think about the quintessential troll in the story "The Three Billy Goats Gruff." He gives the littlest goat a hard time, and the answer is basically, "Oh yeah? Well, mess with me and my big brother is gonna beat you up!"
Nobody owes you a single thing except to be left alone.
He didn't say the last bit, Old Knudsen reads minds. You know what annoys Cheetahs? sticking yer thumb up their bung holes.
Alright...I'm with you so far.
Between the cars and the smokers, mama's lungs probably aren't lookin' so hot. But you know what IS lookin' hot, literally? Mama's hair. My hairdresser decided to dye it orange at our appointment this week. I keep diving into the shower after catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror because I think my head has caught fire.
The end result? Fantastic. I actually had initial doubts about replacing angel food or pound cake with a biscuit. (I prefer my biscuits layered with egg, sausage and cheese.) But these had a wonderful crumbly crunch on the outside and a soft fluffiness on the inside. A perfect compliment to the sweet, flavorful sauce.
Christmas Bell Ornament: Jolly Holidays Cricut Lite cartridge cut at 3"
This is a long way from the premature birth in 1957, which required hospitalization and resulted in receiving too much oxygen concentration while being kept in the isolator.
But we know it won’t be. The Cookie Crisp will never be yours, at this rate. Trying to steal breakfast cereal is one thing; trying to steal it from children is another. Imagine the sort of effect that stealing breakfast cereal from infants is having on your karma. No wonder you’re having such a hard time trying to obtain some sugar-coated wholegrain nourishment.
Beyond the Call
Nationalism Post 1945
*Note: this makes a very runny batter, don't be alarmed.
Harpo pitcher and water glasses - Louis Glass Company
Layer all the ingredients in the order listed in a 1 litre glass or plastic preserving jar.
My Mother has always been a fan of my scrapbooking; always wanting to see my latest projects and buying all the magazines that I get published in. This women rocks! Now it is time to honor her and what better way than to have her beautiful face on the GCD Studios Blog. I love making my momma proud.
www.Folding.Chairs.TrueLocal.com
In 2 Corinthians 3: 18, after commenting how we reflect the Lord’s glory as we gaze on him, Paul maintains we ‘are being transformed into his likeness with ever-increasing glory, which comes from the Lord, who is the Spirit.’ Yes, we were all created in God’s image, both male and female – but something happened. Sin entered the world and that image became marred and blurred. Yet as we choose to become part of God’s family again, keeping our eyes on the Lord, his Spirit will transform us more and more into his likeness. So God’s image is slowly being restored in me as I cooperate with his Spirit.
So Schilling might be on to a good thing here – had his various clients adopted it sooner in their careers – slap a gagging order on your date before they get a chance to tell about any kissing!
“Perdido”
Looks like I won’t need to drive to Iowa this week to save Mitt’s bacon.
But the most important thing I did while querying was to continue writing. During my query period I wrote four more novels. Cracked was the third, and I knew it was the one that would land me my agent. With each new novel, my craft improved. So keep writing, a lot.
Unfortunately, they only allow pictures of the outside. The doors inside are all painted in gold leaf, which is both intimidating and helps illuminate the palace. The wooden floors of the palace are called “nightingale floors”. When a plank is stepped on, a small wooden piece squeaks against the frame. Thus the guards only had to sit and listen at night.
We arrived at Ruth Eckerd in good time, found a convenient parking spot in Aisle ‘A’ and as we walked toward the Hall, Rita started a call to Marcia. In a very short time we discovered that the cell phone was completely discharged. “Not good!”, I thought as I returned the useless instrument to the glove-box in Rita’s car. I visualized us wandering around in circles trying to spot Marcia or hoping that she would sight us; but as we approached the main entrance there she was: Resplendent in a white outfit that somehow reminded me of an old magazine photo of Elvis Presley on stage.
Even while my nerves are a wreck, I’m looking forward to seeing Coop on the mound, and Mitzi too, when she has her turn pitching for her softball team. And, just as I cheer them on, I’ll also be cheering for the other kids, even those on the other team.
Interestingly, this comic resurrection is happening despite two of the major comedians of the last decade at their low. While Vadivelu has almost become persona non grata in Kollywood after his political fiasco, Vivekh is far from the funnyman he was in the beginning of the millennium. And, Ganja Karuppu, who was once touted to take the place of Vadivelu, has become a hit-and-miss affair. Santhanam has been the sole flag bearer and not surprisingly, he is the most in demand. Now, post their good shows in Marina and Nanban, Sivakarthikeyan and Sathyan have raised expectations.
Kyle's favorite toy turned out to be a ball about the size of a volley ball - he carried it everywhere and had a blast with it. His second favorite thing seemed to be a spoon I gave him to dig in the sand. Oh - he also loved the balloon we bought him at the circus, but unfortunately when we left the protection of the circus tent, the wind grabbed that balloon right off his stick and away it flew.
Here are two examples using the character with the above mentioned belief:
As an old saying goes, “love what you do and it will never feel like work”. I agree, although maybe the saying should include, “…, well, most of the time.”
My weekend was all about the girls, chicks, the women. It was a true girls' weekend. I invited one of my favorite chicks from my home ﻿town to hangout with me and here's the result of one of our fun activities.
A Damon quote to enjoy: To Stefan: “How many desiccated hybrids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?” Even Stefan laughs at this one. Yep, STEFAN LAUGHS.
Vegan and gluten-free too, and presumably full of protein from the chickpeas.
3) To claim there is no God requires infinite knowledge of all things, or, sufficient knowledge of the entire universe (and/or multiverse, if true) -which is impossible to obtain in one human life time- to be able to point to reasonable proof.
Let's move down to some big town
Whether you float in the water or burn in the desert, fantasy awaits! After all, life is not about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself. Put reality on hold for a weekend, day or even a moment to rejuvenate your spirit.
The Keeper likes to keep things.
The Dayaks comprise the Ibans (713,421), Bidayuhs (198,473) and Orang Ulu groups (156,436).Together they form one half of Sarawak’s population.
As with their other releases, this record from Ogyatanaa showcases the group's unique fusion sound. At its core Ogyatanaa is a dance-band in the tradition of Uhuru, Ramblers, E.T. Mensah, etc., yet elements of funk and soul have also been added. The classic dance-band sound has undergone development here with the integration of the other sounds of '70s Ghana. Just listen to the heavy organ throughout and that soulful singing!
However, we must also note with sadness that some journalists in the mass media reporting on this deplorable event have betrayed all sense of measure and the cultural traditions of our city which developed over the course of three centuries to become one of the great national legacies.
Challenges for this card:
The amount time, patience, and work required to wash and maintain ones clothes has decreased significantly with the advent of technology. Even though laundry isn't a task that I dread, I am assured that if I had to wash my dresses with a washboard, I would most certainly dread it. Furthermore, while ironing is a domestic task that I enjoy, I'd probably wear wrinkled clothes if I had to use a heavy iron that needed to be heated on a wood stove. It can easy to forget how simple our domestic tasks have become compared to the work they once required.
Another day full of a wide variety of a mixed bag of action flicks. I woke up around 9:30 this morning immediately remembering that up until this point I had completely forgotten it was Record Store Day! Fuck!
Head over to Windy's blog for some more Skipping Stones Design inspiration! A full list of designers will be posted at the SSD blog!
Doctor Who and the Giant Robot
Ultra-feminine with a rocker vibe, this pastiche of braided reproduction pearls, silver-plated chains, and a CZ cupchain is all tied up with a pretty, blush grosgrain bow. 18" ribbon on each side, 14" chain and pearl braid. Self-tie closure.
“The rally was not hijacked by any political party neither was it derailed by any political leaders,” said a medical doctor who took part in the rally. “The Opposition supported Bersih 3.0 with the same fervour as those Bersih supporters to seek a clean electoral process for the country,” she added.
The dirty little secret here is, if this were done, and taxes were lowered significantly and the tax code itself simplified, the economy would grow by such leaps and bounds that entitlements could be saved with nothing more than relatively minor reforms.
5x Plains
How can we stand? We stand by using the weapon that Jesus provided for us. Use the Word. A good soldier knows his weapon in and out. Be in the Word every day on your own. Don’t wait to come to church. Don’t wait for class. Your Enemy won’t wait that long. Be prepared. Be dangerous. Know your weapon. But also stay with your squad. One man against an army isn’t that effective. Don’t believe the lies of the enemy who wants to isolate you. He will try to keep you from church. He will give all sorts of excuses about standing on your own and not needing church. He’ll tell you that you’re too busy or it’s just not the right time right now. Don’t believe the lies. Trust your squad. We battle right beside you. You are stronger and even more dangerous if you stand with your squad. Stay with other believers. Be encouraged here.
Earlier this afternoon, Skorp and I had an interesting conversation about the talents of the Kiyosumi mahjong team in Saki (original series) and I thought it would be a nice post to expand on. While this has some spoilers for the original series, I’m only going to focus upon the play style of each of the Kiyosumi team. After we see more of the Achiga team, I should have an accompanying post for them. (TL note: the kanji for Kiyosumi can be read as “serene”, thus the title) When commenting please DO NOT POST SPOILERS FOR THE MANGA OR ACHIGA SERIES!
I also loved the shrimp taco with crispy shards of chorizo and giant butterflied shrimp. YUM.
I also found the buttercream frosting far too runny and had to add a lot more icing sugar in order to be able to cover the cake without it all running off. Since then I've met a few people who have said they always have problems with the frosting recipes in the Hummingbird Bakery books so it isn't just me!
because you gang raped her, abuse her, groomed her, tortured her and murdered her.
We'll put out another track eventually (read: much sooner than four years from now, the length of our last hiatus). In the meantime, don't defect to another trip-hop comedy duo. Also, feel free to contribute song suggestions, general comments, scathing insults, mild insults, social security numbers, etc. to the cause (which is, of course, promoting truth).
Would the lawyer rise in the court to state his case before the
And today is only going to get better! Can’t wait for J&K to arrive! It’s going to be a blast!
Then I heard about the Prada outlet.
The front:
Only, Nik's is going to have a pink bottom, and white icing on the top with pink, white and light purple sprinkles... super easy, yeah?
Of course we do. We are the Arsenal. It’s just painful that we have to go through the rigorous process of playing an extra game. If I’m AW the Alchemist, I’ll play the same 11 that drew at Brisbane Road. I wouldn’t make substitutions too. Let’s just call it “footballing punishment”.
And stretch your arms up past delusion.
and why should they?
Saturday was my bachelor party, and it was a blast. BBQ was ingested, beer was consumed, and we may have seen a couple things not appropriate for a family blog. It was wonderful to just be taken care of for an evening. Thanks to all who came out, particularly my brother Jarod and brother-from-another-mother Pete for organizing everything. I couldn't have asked for/hoped for a better time.
In this light, the mission of social work is not to conduct a direct assault on social failings and abuses; it is to keep learning about such problems and to keep seeking out the needed resources. Counseling psych people and MBAs are not our competitors, in this view; they are the ones who have the requisite skills. If there aren’t enough of them, we may have to get in there and fake it — to provide direct service, that is — until either we have developed the expertise or, preferably, have found someone who was trained for exactly that purpose. (I say “preferably” because you won’t be looking at the big picture, and juggling all of the balls that need to be juggled, if you are mired down in bookkeeping, in client counseling, or in other specialist tasks.) The role of the social worker is, generally, that of the collaborator, the resource seeker, the persuader; it is not that of the accountant, the psychiatrist, or the nurse.
Suzie: *Stare* *Head-tilt*
You see, Forbis was born with a very rare health condition called sacral agenesis. It’s when the spine doesn’t develop properly in the womb. It left him with malformed legs, which would only serve to hinder movement. So at the age of 2, his parents took a doctor’s recommendation and opted to have his legs amputated.
Rochita: Yes. This. You say it so very well. I had to think of how for most writers from the dominant (white/european) culture, commerciality of the work becomes a primary concern. Whereas for the non-white/non-western writer, there is a consciousness of expectation as well as awareness of the baggage you carry with you. Not that we aren’t thinking about the commercial aspect, but there are other things that supercede that concern.
So the pressure is almost entirely on McCain, and there isn't enough time to hand the ball off any longer. He is now forced to open the game up. Oh wait....that's already what he's been doing.
Two, to make a paint with a pigment that isn’t available on the market. If you’re a fan of de Laszlo and you’ve got a particular hankering to try painting with chrome orange, you’re just going to have to make that paint yourself, because it doesn’t exist in a tube at the store. Or, in my case, I wanted to mull up the pigments that I’ve made myself. (That’s actually what got me started mulling.)
The cloud is from spiffy scooters and the sentiment is alphadot and party posse
JH
Dirty Projectors (US)
When I look back over the years at all the hockey my family has enjoyed together, I always remember the words of that announcer. Hockey is a family sport and mine just happens to have some differences in opinion on who is the best. Despite all the passionate debates and hard-fought fantasy seasons, all the taunting and insults and, in my mother’s case, comforting the younger kids when their team lost, we can always agree on two simple things: Hockey is the greatest sport on earth. And we all hate the Flyers.
A 2011 doumentary in Germany cited documents claiming that IKEA had a ‘thorough co-operation’ with East German authorities.
But, as we all know, there are right ways and wrong ways for a man to surprise his woman. For instance:
I'm in love with those cute shoes she had bought...
After five minutes of unsuccessful perusing, I gave up and started up the steps. As soon as I was out of sight, Tevye announced that he had found it. Of course he had. He probably knew where it was the whole time and was just messing with me.
Well, I found it startling that all I was asking to God is happiness in this mortal world. While the eternal happiness and peace can only be found in heaven, and that is the first thing that should come in our mind. This should be our very first ideal in life.
Do you have red trousers? Are you going to buy some after reading this?
That being said, this RAW was not very good. Still waiting on some new pushes of the younger super stars. I’m going to keep saying it at the end of every RAW, like I promised. The highlight of the night was having new WWE tag team champions. The Divas title has no relevancy, even with a new champion they still get no in ring time. They really need Kharma to save this division. The Beat The Clock challenge was boring, we have seen this done so many times before. Each match is under five minutes and no one wants to watch a bunch of singles matches. At least Bryan won, that is the only positive there. Who the heck wants to see Jonny Ace vs Cena? Cena goes from The Rock to Lesnar to Jonny Ace. I don’t get it. Punk vs Bryan is going to have to carry the next pay per view. Let’s hope next week is better.
Luke 12:48b For everyone to whom much is given, from him much will be required; and to whom much has been committed, of him they will ask the more.
ETA: Hmmmmmmmmmmm, I just figured out that there is no one hosting my photos anymore. Awesome. My ex-husband must have never forwarded me my subscription notice to renew (I know, not his problem, I should have remembered to renew on my own). So you can’t see my pretty dress but I’ll start trying to fix that slowly and surely. Drat. That’s gonna be a lot of work. I need to migrate those photos to another photo album and then link all the photos again. Anyone know of an easy way to do that for three year’s worth of photos????
Trayvon Martin did not have the advantage that other innocent teens killed have. He did not have the media to blast his story or a nation crying out for justice on his behalf …..because he is black. He has less value than white people..which has been the rule in America since slavery, simply put? Trayvon’s color declared he was not newsworthy. The only reason the black community knew is because of social networking sites like Twitter and Facebook and small time black radio shows. The black communities on these networks have been trying to raise awareness and demand justice for a MONTH now while the major news outlets were silent……Why? Because Trayvon is a black boy, son of a black mother and father, whose ancestors were slaves, nothings, inferiors, his murder was not news because the media thought he was just another nigga. In order to get Trayvon any attention petitions have gone around, there is a rally planned in NYC and one in florida, there has been blog posts and tweets and fb notes dedicated to raising awareness about Trayvon because the mainstream news has ignored his story just as much as the police ignored the fact that his killer was not behind bars. Petitions, rally’s, blogs, tweets, word of mouth…for justice. Black people are BEGGING the white power structure to prosecute George Zimmerman because for some reason, the murder of Trayvon isnt OBVIOUSLY a murder. Why? because George Zimmerman is a white man and he was/is being protected by his privilege. Only now is Trayvon’s case getting news coverage because his story is “sensational” its “entertainment” a tsk tsk tsk narrative. Cases where black children are murdered or go missing, go unreported by the mainstream news stations because white society DOESNT CARE and reporters report what will grab the attention of white society. This culture of white supremacist domination has silenced the voice of Trayvon and protected his killer and here the black community is BEGGING for them to take what happened seriously. Only when the FBI got involved did the major news centers think the story was newsworthy….BECAUSE of its sensationalism
Before I start on this tutorial, I have to give credit where credit is due and state that I did not design this box. The credit goes to Heather Perreaux who created the concept for this box. I found her tutorial for a 3-inch cube secret box that she has done for Splitcoaststampers here. She has step-by-step instructions and also a video.
We know from years of watching Fireman Sam, ‘the hero next door’, that firefighters remain composed in an emergency and unfailingly offers assistance to all those in need (just like Sam)! But how do they actually contain the flames? This clip shows different ways in which firefighters tackle a blaze, for example, using a fan to help them see more clearly.
Having listening to the CoStar Industrial Q1 2012 webinar review today, I am now much more optimistic about the status of the commercial real estate industry; or at least the industrial side. Here are a few key take-aways:
Contrasting this lifestyle is the suburban existence of Gertrude Miller, who acts out strange rituals, trapped in a sterile marriage to husband Ben. She cleans compulsively and seems to be hiding something from him, obsessed that she is being followed. As she slips into a psychosis, characters from the glamorous set stray into Gertrude’s world. And when Flare and Steele make an arrest, they discover there is far more to this glamorous world than they realised.
I call it Working Mom Curse...
CVS pharmacy – an older gentlemen walks in, talking on his cell phone and heads directly to the pharmacy where he paces in front of our counter while seeming to become increasingly annoyed with the voice on the other end of the line. When the technician working the cash register finally appears free from any other waiting customer, he approaches the counter, holds his cell phone out in front of the technician and says “Can you talk to her? Her name is Monica.”
Admittedly, I bought this because I like trying different stuff, and because I love this brewery. I have not been out searching for the elusive red lager, but this is one of few breweries that I'd buy one from. My guess: that it is exactly what it says it is. Nothing more, nothing less, and certainly nothing sexy.
i'm sending out love and prayers today - that is heavy on my heart. if you could take a moment right now and touch the screen (yes, it seems silly i know but i do that when you ask from my love or prayers) and think of someone that may need your love and prayers...i thank you.
Really!? I find that fascinating.
As sources of funding suddenly become more scarce, I had to quickly adapt to my new circumstances and do whatever needed to be done to move the company forward, and that meant coding.
I could hear the nurses in the hallway desk area chatting about something, and then one of them imitated my “JEEZUS!” exclamation, and I realized how loud I’d been when I reacted. Oops! They seemed amused by it, though, and as one of my goals in life is to amuse the people around me, I felt my job had been done, and I snuck past their desk and back out to the waiting room to collect my husband and go the hell home.
Key terms: exception, norm, sovereignty, juristic.
I don't even know how that happened.
Have any you want to share?
His eyes sparkle snow-fallen silver with abounding desire.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate.
I don't mean to complain. I have accepted that the career path I'm on -- the arts -- has irregular work hours, low pay, minimum appreciation/recognition in American culture, and various other financial insecurities. What I'm complaining about is the lack of understanding -- the derision -- that many people have towards this type of work. It's unnecessary and demeaning. At the end of the day, I have a job I like, and that's what matters most to me -- not meeting some kind of 9 - 5 American Dream standard.
The exceptions to this rule would be:
Why is this post called Air Travel 504?
In their continuing mission to run once-respected beer brands into the ground, AB Inbev have decided to start brewing Beck’s Beer in St Louis for the US market.
"Sluts, Walking" by Amanda Marcotte (original to Best Sex Writing 2012)
Height- 31 in. (66%)
Of Lombard towns, or at the least comparéd with the best. The meter and syntax may sound awkward to us today, but educated poets were trained in Latin, the model for all great poetry it was thought, and Latin, especially Latin poetry, allows just about any word order, while the meter was the standard choice for long story in verse. And long indeed it was, for by the time he finished, and got his friend to write an introduction, it was well over 30,000 words.
(And I have to ask – what’s with Cam Gigandet? I have seen him in three movies in the past three months, and I STILL don’t recognize the guy. Total charisma suck.)
I love this game because it’s usually really funny or sweet and it’s also a great way to get to know more about the couple. Chances are not all the guests will have been around when they met and some may not know the groom that well.
First District
13.) “I go by instinct–I don’t worry about experience.”–Barbra Streisand
The dinner rolls are just those Rhodes frozen dinner rolls allowed to rise in a covered skillet or pan that has been brushed with EVOO, Then brushed with garlic and herb seasoned EVOO before baking in 400° oven for 10-15 minutes. NOTE: The rolls take a good 4 hours or so to rise for me…
Back into the 19th century, comparative studies at the city level exist. W.E.B. Dubois's The Philadelphia Negro gives the most detailed such compilation known:
The main findings listed in the summary section of the report are:
I love when we find the “perfect” gift for each kid.
So it’s cool, and I’m relaxed in the long grass under a cypress. I’m grasping for the name of some philosopher who might have walked through this field, but it’s not happening. I prefer to think of the Eleusinian initiates welcoming Persephone back to the world by spacing out on their rye mold. It seems more real somehow.
The squatters steal anything they can lay their hands on – copper valves, steel gates, even the feeding troughs. The police caught some of them red-handed and they were charged but given bail. They stole again, were caught, charged and given bail again. Out for the second time, they stole again, were caught, charged, and given bail for a third time. The police tell the farmers confidentially that some courts ruin their policing by letting the criminals off. The police are discouraged. Who wouldn’t be?
I am linking up to Met Monday with Susan at Between Naps on the Porch!
Tyler and I first met through our fraternity at SMU and reconnected when I moved to LA after competing on The Amazing Race. At the time, Tyler was recovering from a long battle with alcoholism. It was while he was battling his inner demons that Tyler re-discovered a love of painting and began passionately throwing paint on canvas and using his fingers to create wild designs and textures.
A good movie to watch, if you haven’t yet, is “Good Hair” by Chris Rock. This movie actually demonstrates the process of chemical relaxers to pop cans by showing the amount of damage caused.
Nok Sculpture( Nigeria)
Bitter heart, bitter heart shadows will help you try to hide,
By the makers of their wings
Really it was a warm-up for Saint Patrick's day, which is the warm-up to SXSW this year. Seeing Flogging Molly is like a spending Saint Patrick's day with some meth-driven pirates every day of the year. Though Stubb's isn't always the best sounding place, the show was great and Ms. Knoxious had a big smile on her face as she bounced around, and Mr. Nosegref always seemed to be showing up with 2 beers in his hand just as I needed one (I think he wanted to keep both for himself, but I stole one anyway). I managed to wake up sore and hungover, just like after a good day at SXSW. I guess I haven't been keeping my drinking training up for SXSW, and it shows. Yeah, I know. A non-drinking Bobnoxious is like a vegetarian shark. Hey, that might make a good movie scene.
Heat a goodly amount of butter in a skillet — 2 TB if you can.
*soups & stews
If you’re abreast three added DS users, you can play a aggressive four-player mode. This approach abandoned requires you to accept one bold card, demography advantage of the system’s wireless bold download amore to abode the all-important abstracts to the added systems. Unfortunately, the multiplayer is a appealing arid competition, beyond the appetite is to be the amateur captivation the a lot of stars if time expires. So you will action adjoin the added three players, accepting them to bead stars and accession them for yourself whenever possible. There are abandoned a few altered multiplayer levels to accept from, and by and large, this accomplished approach feels like an afterthought. It’s a nice added and a abundant adventitious to analysis out the DS’s wireless multiplayer, but it isn’t something annual traveling aback to afresh and again.
This is a simplified, expanded revision of my original Airplane review. My initial review, short, constructive and to the point, apparently confused Paul Toth, who misread what I had written, and left an angry comment, which I deleted because it was baseless, disingenuous and threatened not only myself, but Harold Jaffe (whom I'd mentioned in my review of Airplane) and other "hipsters" (his word) who either didn't write like he did, didn't love his writing, or didn't share his unease with electronic/social media.
Atos are the French IT firm responsible for carrying out the government’s Work Capability Assessment which has led to tens of thousands of sick and disabled people being forced into poverty after being stripped of essential benefits. Despite the process being dubbed unfit for purpose and an increasing number of suicides due to the stressful and vicious health testing regime, this form of assessment is to be extended to everyone on some form of disability or health related benefit.
I have been asked how I colour the beautiful Suagr Nellie – Funky Kits Simply Adorable beauties, so I have come up with this little tutorial, I am not too good at taking photos and I am not trained in anyway so this is just my way of colouring, I hope it helps. This is part one “Colouring Face and Hair” part two will be later in the week.
I didn't really care for The Huntress. I think it was the cream that threw me off. I read cherry and triple sec thinking it was going to be a strong but fruity drink. It was strong! But not that fruity. After I didn't like it, I didn't have the balls to try The Hunter.
and tax cuts for the rich
I brought two more babies home this morning. Oh my God – Steve doesn’t even know.
oh em geee… this is my 152nd post. Yeah. What up.
3. Pay Attention to Signs: It is a matter of life and death when hikers refuse to pay attention to signs. Since Yosemite opened in 1890 there have been 900 reported deaths. In fact, Yosemite is rated the most dangerous park in the U.S. Year after year people die due to mistakes that could have been completely prevented. Human beings have become so detached to nature that they are not aware of Mother Nature’s power. In August 2011, 3 people climbed over a railing to take a photograph. One slipped in and the other two followed after trying to help their friend. Signs are up for a reason! Be aware of caution and warning signs because one slippery step can lead to death.
I have been couponing for about 6 months now. I used to laugh at those people on Extreme Couponing and how they'd act when shopping, but that was before I shopped with coupons. It really is a rush and I can see where it can get addicting. It's like a game to see how much you can save. I am definitely not an expert, but I do usually cut the grocery bill in half. One of my favorite couponing experiences is when I bought about $20 worth of stuff at CVS and only paid $0.24 for it! You can read more about why I started couponing here and you can read more about my first couponing experience here.
produce handmade 3D-XBox 360 Faceplates.
Just to know 'Thus saith the Lord.'
Members-in-Training! Is this your first time presenting? How do you make your poster presentation a success? I think that the most important key to success is to actively engage your audience. Offer to walk a person through your poster. Ask them if they have any questions or feedback. I like to take this time to think of new ways to view my research. An outsider’s perspective may help you avoid pitfalls in your future experiments and writing. ARVO is a great place to obtain this critical, unbiased feedback. You may even receive some harsh criticisms; however, it will only make you and your work stronger in the end. Finally, keep in mind that these interactions could lead to future collaborations and job opportunities, so be attentive and ready to help out at all times. Do not miss that golden opportunity!
Knead by hand for 5 minutes on floured board.
#73. mornings at work (they are just TOO good)
There is no reply after that, I figure she'd decided to ignore me and carry on with her life. I still love her but I know if I stay away from her long enough, the love will fade away.
When buying eggplant, look for those that are glossy, feelfirm, and are heavy for their size. Do not substitute low-fat or nonfat milk in the sauce.
I was in Love again....
Our plant is fairly small still, though it's said to grow 2 feet high by 3 feet wide. This species is actually not really found in the wild this far south, though it's common a little further north, including (as you might guess) Georgia. Here in Florida, it's only found in a few counties in the extreme north. It does well here, though, and apparently can be propagated by cuttings if they're kept sufficiently moist.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Rinse and dry potatoes. Cut potatoes into eighths. Place potatoes in a large zip lock baggy and toss with Herbes de Provence, salt, pepper, and olive oil. Seal bag and mix until all the flavors are incorporated. Place potatoes on a baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes, remove from the oven and turn the potatoes, bake for 20 minutes more.
us a whole new level of freedom in which to explore this room. We tend to think of this room as a messy place filled with anger, anxiety, resentment, impatience and frustration. While there should be a welcome sign on this room’s door for all of our feelings, remember that this is also the room where
That chair -- every Christmas someone gave her a bright
Merchandise Set up location:
You should know that as a mother you should be happy and proud of how your baby comes out because it was not your decision to have them be born as male or female,it was God's Will and Mercy.So why would you choose to deny something that is true to accepting something that's a lie?God has strictly forbidden any change to His creations as the punishment for such a thing is immense torture in Hell that is why you must repent before its too late.
Plain old bad taste in more ways than one.
There was a stream crossing where the ancient Apian Way bisected the region of Macedonia. There Lydia, who worked with fine cloth and purple dye, would gather with others. On that shore, Paul witnessed to Lydia who became Paul’s first convert on European soil.
Nail by nail and board by board
Crazy Pritty Baby by Heavy Trash
When I had my first baby I was 21 years old. Young by most standards. And I took her to the pediatrician for every. single. age. appropriate. visit. She had every physician recommended vaccine right on time. And I did precisely everything he told me to do. For two reasons: A. Because he was smart and kind and the closest thing to a holistic doc I'd ever met (it was he who said the varicella vax was overrated). I trusted him and listened to him. He gave great advice like limit sugar and air your house out when your kids are sick. He told me to get her out of daycare when she was plagued with repeated ear infections to the point that I could no longer remember a time she wasn't taking antibiotics and I was buying echinacea by the gallon. And when it became clear she might need tubes he was willing to wait it out. Good thing because she escaped without them. Oh and B. He was KEY-UTE (Mel Gibson. First Lethal Weapon. That kind of cute. Now stop judging me it was 1995. That look was in. Sheesh.)
Yes that is the right scoreline – 5-0 with goals from Etherington, Huth (now Stoke’s leading top scoring defender in one season of all time), Jones and Walters (2). I expected a tight game given Bolton’s recent form and was going for a 2-1 win after 1-1 at FT with extra time. Glad I was wrong!
One might well ask, “Why would Paul doubt? Didn’t God tell him in Acts 23:11 that he would seeRome?” Of course he did. But that was over two years before? God hadn’t changed His promise just as He hasn’t moved away from the believer. But man has, through the course of time, forgotten many of the things of God unless he daily feeds upon His Word.
that differ from his own, illustrating to my mind an awkward
I had no idea such a thing was even available. Did you?!
(as she is sitting on the potty) "Ahhhh, this is the life."
Unfortunately, the publishing world is notoriously tight with their figures, and I don't mean dress size. Most published authors can't get actual numbers on how many books they've sold. (The publishers only share estimates, and even that data is not public.) The New York Times doesn't say exactly how they determine the books on their best seller lists, but they will tell you that they don't collect data on internet sales (no Amazon! Which explains why Amanda Hocking isn't on it.)
She is the one who constantly gives me hope for women, and although it is easy for me to say that as she is my mother, I really wish more women had her strength in doing things.
Back in 2009 we began this project, where the main idea was to challenge and experiment with our creative skills. I created a handbound, vintage paper book with the theme Contexture. Jen created a series of loose metal pages with the theme Shine. Bridgette created a book with plaster pages with the theme Book of Trees.
“A History of Islamic Legal Theories,” Wael B. Hallaq. Cambridge University Press 1997 (2008).
I'm afraid of being alone
30 God Only Knows
The girl’s mother let out a little shriek herself and then fell prostrate on the concrete floor of the corn crib.
Obstacles: An obstacle is anything that can deny freedom of movement to a threat. There are generally two types of obstacles we’re going to focus on – those that are counter vehicle and counter man. Natural bodies of water deeper than 8 feet are excellent obstacles. Heavy thickets generally will deny any vehicular movement. Steep slopes, cliffs, and other formidable terrain can be an obstacle. Also look at natural choke points (areas that a threat must cross that forces them to concentrate). Bridges are natural choke points to vehicles. The Army FM for obstacles gives some great expedient ideas for obstacles but it’s generally a good idea not to get too crazy with obstacles outside of your point defenses. And remember: Obstacles normally will not completely halt a threat. They normally only delay a threat and allow you more reaction time. Plan for obstacles not directly in your field of view being cleared faster than ones you can fire upon. And obstacles work both ways.
fry the onion and garlic in oil until softened (you could chop a carrot very small for this too if you wanted). Add the can of tomatoes and a little water if it seems thick. Add herbs and salt and pepper to taste and simmer over medium low heat for 20 minutes.
I just couldn't help myself! I just had to start my latest little makeover project! My head has been swimming with all the planning and programming I have had to do to get ready for school tomorrow and to be honest, I feel quite lost and very overwhelmed with everything. So... being very sick of the yellow clotted cream colour of the kitchen and totally inspired by my favourite kitchen picture EVER, by Ms. Martha Stewart...
Despite my uncertainty of what the filmmakers are trying to say, I am impressed with the creativity (and touch of craziness) in the idea of this film, as well in its execution. The oddness of the film isn't restricted to its subject matter, but also to its costume and production design which is a mixture of modern-day and 1950sh sort of look that gives it a timeless, dreamlike quality. It's also impressive that, despite the sad tone that runs through the piece, the filmmakers bring on a high number of laughs as it unfolds, with the cameo appearance by Hugh "Dr. House" Laurie being funny just because of who he is. The concluding special effects shot is also jaw-droppingly gorgeous.
I will have a tiny 'blog-break' from now, until we arrive in Paris in a few weeks time. We will be in Paris for 2 months.....I am looking forward to SIMP and meeting up again with old friends and making new ones.
Place the mixture into a large disposable piping bag (I use biggish kee-seal ones).
4-5 Parboiled potato cut into long fingers
Problem: Revenues are down.
Why don't you take a look around, instead of looking for a pet, why don't you look at how the economy is failing and students are leaving school without knowing anything or failing school cause they don't understand the work
The history of the Dodgers, “helps us not only understand baseball, but the history of Brooklyn through baseball,” senior Athanail says. “My generation was not around for it, but it still created for our parents and grandparents their traditions.
Alvin and the Chipmunks has received several awards including five Grammy Awards®, two Kids Choice Awards®, and an American Music Awards®, among others, and continues to entertain families with a lovable characters as shown in its latest live-action film installment, ALVIN AND THE CHIPMUNKS: CHIPWRECKED.
Don’t think in terms of creating for a child; think of creating a great space. “I didn’t shop with a 5-year-old in mind,” Cassie says, “I shopped for things with impact.”
Las Vegas Sun
Here are some more pictures of the race.
I recently read an article about Herman Cain's alma matter, Morehouse College, and some of its current students opinions of Mr. Cain. One young man stated he was probably going to vote for Mr. Cain because, "He is a Morehouse man, after all." I was stunned. How is it that after all these years a modern black man could say something so stupid? Herman Cain has about as much to do with Morehouse's spirit of civil service as W does. It's just as dumb as all of the people who voted for Obama just because he's black. Who gives a fuck?! What in the hell does his race or his college past have to do with a rational argument for or against the man's policies? Nothing. Stupid kid.
just as i promised, here’s another great manga by nishikata mai
They come on dark days and stormy nights
"This is not long-term storage. I don't want to miscommunicate. This is a temporary container. This is designed for when you get home, to enjoy your beer safely," he says.
I will be wrapping treasures and reading ya all's blogs
Aside from that, there isn’t much more to say, except of course that I love you, and the reality that you’ll be here soon is really setting in. I’m so incredibly excited to hold you in my arms and see you for the first time.
Lysius is a good example of the questioning unbeliever today. He sees no reason for the fuss. Why can’t we all get along? Why is there animosity between religious factions? Why can’t we just sit down and talk about it? Why can’t we let the majority rule? Why do we have to be not only divided but also oftentimes violent about it?
Right now the sign is just balanced on my stove. I may use the removable Command 3M strips to hold it up on the tile wall so I don't have to worry about it falling down.
Other Blawgs, Blogs, and Journals
Nuevas Esperanzas was asked to help find a solution because of our history in the area and our co-worker Andrew's specialization in hydogeology. He's posted two news articles giving updates about the work: an article about discovering that a large area is affected by this problem and an article about the health study done with the villagers who've been drinking the contaminated water.
It's a travel journal I made for my latest trip to Orlando. At the moment there are no photos inside but the pages are full of journaling in my own scruffy hand and the envelope pockets are stuffed with leaflets, ticket stubs and more: mementos of our holiday. The papers are Echo Park Happy Days - love them!
As a woman I strive for advancement on my own merit and would be outraged were I to gain it on merely the basis of my gender or race, and I hold in contempt those woman or non-whites who would accept such an unequal advantage as a right. However, many will do so, and many employers will grant them unfair advancement rather that test the law, which is exactly the intention of this invidious legislation.
Yeah, and she's around 5 months pregnant in this picture. Hate. Her.
Hope this helps. The response has been great so far, you guys have been keeping me busy. Thanks a bunch and Happy Thanksgiving!!!
** I posted this same thing on my personal blog, Taulman Times. Honestly, I am surprised that I have to post this here, on this blog. On Taulman Times, maybe, because I do get a little opinionated and offend people there sometimes.
In case you don´t know the title track, I believe it is worth the money for this album on it´s own. What a grandiose song. It has a very clever and inspirational arrangement and is as catchy as the flu in wet and windy September.
BE AN ILLUSTRATION HORDER. God can use anything and shows up in all kinds of things. Delete your edit button. Just simply horde ideas. So, if you see something and it sparks your interest, take a picture of it. Cut out the clipping. Grab that physical object you saw or that crazy rock or that weird thing in the window and put it in a bucket for an illustration later. If you hear a story that inspires, ask them to write it down and send it to you. Get a name and a phone number. Just horde all kinds of ideas and then when you need one, go to the bucket and you'll have it. If you don't stock the idea tool shed, don't be surprised when you have to panic and go all over town to find what you need last minute.
I’m not sure what exactly is causing this feeling. Maybe it’s Sarkozy’s slow-motion swift kick in the ass. Maybe it’s Ron Paul winning a new state every other day now, despite the LSM ignoring the tidal wave of Republican chairpersons and committees and delegates being caused by Paulian true believers.
What this passage is saying is that the resurrection of Christ also ensures the sanctification of the saints as well, and this is because of the union that we have with Christ. As we are being sanctified and waiting until either Christ returns to earth or calls us home to heaven, we need to constantly keep in mind that the resurrection of Christ is not some distant idea, but it’s a truth that is important to our sanctification. When Christ died, we died with Him, and when He (physically) resurrected again, we also were spiritually resurrected, “so we too might walk in the newness of life” (Romans 6:4), in obedience to Him. We must not forget that we are resurrected beings who were saved by grace and no longer slaves to sin.
It wasn't enough for Hazelius to show static exhibitions, he wanted people to experience complete environments; the everyday life and sounds of the old Swedish culture, "fully furnished houses occupied by people wearing period costume surrounded by their domestic animals in a natural landscape".
1 crushed
As Ayn Rand put it, “It is a grave error to suppose that a dictatorship rules a nation by means of strict, rigid laws which are obeyed and enforced with rigorous, military precision. Such a rule would be evil, but almost bearable…..it is not the known that breaks men’s spirits, but the unpredictable. A dictatorship has to be capricious; it has to rule by means of the unexpected, the incomprehensible, the wantonly irrational; it has to deal not in death, but in sudden death…”. Observe how true this is of all of today’s dictatorships- North Korea, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Bahrain, Syria and now, to a lesser extent, West Bengal.
4 garlic cloves, minced
“Maybe even the kitchen cupboards! Oooo, it’ll be all like Where’s Waldo!” He starts giggling before I even say what’s next.
I suppose it's not really fair to even make such comparisons between what Head On Electric and what some bozo's with a PRS Guitar and Line 6 endorsment deals are doing but all it takes is that ONE SONG to get a band from lugging/plugging it in and out in local dive bars to headlining rock festivals all over the world. This one sided 7inch only hosts one song (they make up for it with some pretty fancy handmade packaging though. There's also a trippy video that goes along with the tune) but it's the first time in a long time where I've said "They remind me of Nirvana" about a band and wasn't ripping on them.
"How do I make a Hot Toddy?"
Aftertaste (0-3): Sweet malt with some pepper notes in the finish. Still some metallic flavors. 2 points
The next morning, cruelly, we go surfing. I manage to avoid everyone seeing how bad I am at surfing by never even attempting to mount the board. "Waves just weren't right for me, man" I opine to anyone within earshot. Back at the surfclub everyone hits the scaldingly hot showers to try and reverse the damage two hours in the North Atlantic in October can do to a body. Barry is in before before I am. He is the only bloke to have dropped his trunks. Barry is a hurler and you can always recognise the lads who play team-sports as the ones who are happy to let everything hang out in public showers.
So now we'll have to get our roof fixed - either that or buy Ed a snorkel and change his name to SBS Eddie.
eda-
I can remember seeing little rabbits sunbathing in the open, so I didn't agree.
But instead I'm thinking about this poem, because I think it was written for a day exactly like this one...
Kohlrabi. This amazing vegetable is currently in season here in beautiful, sunny california. You know what that means! Fruits and vegetables in season not only taste their best, but are also super cheap at supermarkets. That means that you have no excuse for not going out and eating the ingredients that are now in season.
4. If you don't understand why you're blogging, take a break. Getting confused about what you're doing can result in a whole lot of churning, when what you really want is a smooth glide across the blogosphere.
This being one of them. A friend picked the stamp for this wedding card. She just loves going through my collection of stamps. I actually thought she would have picked something different....but no she adored this " Close Your Eyes " from Lili of the Valley. A traditional card she didn't want.
A fellow Grosse Point Blank fan. Yay!
RECOMMENDATION: If you’re not a purist fanboy or a whiner, you should check this out. It’s one of the best action movies for 2010 (which has been a good year for action movies, if you ask me).
5. "The Little Drummer Boy" use to scare me as a child. I would cover my ears and demand that it be turned off. It's still not one of my favorite Christmas songs.
Below are 5 characteristic of Bar D.B.’s :
For most men my age, puttering implies a vaguely constructive activity, wherein you shuffle from room to room in your robe and slippers, stopping occasionally to repair an electrical outlet or clean out a shed. Somehow, though, I just couldn’t get motivated. Doing next to the nothing struck me as so much more appealing and, frankly, after a long and stressful year, I had earned the right to do little more than what my autonomic nervous system demanded.
“Gila Bend is the little solar town that could,” Mayes said. “It’s a great story about a part of Arizona that’s’ been overlooked. You can walk into any restaurant in town and the waitresses are conversant in solar energy, and they have come to believe that solar is their future. We can learn a lot from them.”
After I was done, I was so pleased, I sat down and decided to make a few stocking stuffer items for The Girl.
My husband was with me and couldn't understand why I wanted her. lol
I'm hoping that today is going to be one of those REAL productive days where I get everything done on my list. So far, so good!!
Taking your stripes to a whole new level can be easy! Just remember, keep your stripes in proportion to your personal scale and you’ll look fabulous.
Next Friday I shall be releasing the episode names for the 6 episodes of Centerpoint series 1 as well as the viral video I promised. Be sure to check back next Friday for the latest Centerpoint news and info.
The various dark agenda groups of humans are now fighting among themselves for the role of what you on Earth would call ‘top dog’ position.
- Explore hundreds of selective business opportunities by simply ‘sailing’ using your Web Browser…
Distortion and reverb are some of the few additions to his muscular interface when Rupp uses his electric guitar. His echoing surfaces on “E_2” are so fortissimo and speedy, for example, that the textures that the drummer slams from his kit are regularized to such an extent that they could be coming from a drum machine.
We'll start with the first. This includes everyone who writes in Yiddish who is not Chasidic. For lack of a better word, we'll call them secular Yiddish writers, though their ideological, religious, and cultural sympathies run the gamut from the settler poetry of Velvl Chernin to the loud radicalism of songwriter Daniel Kahn. They are the heirs to the literary tradition of Eastern Europe and America, what was Yiddish literature with a capital L: a social phenomenon complete with newspapers, journals, books, printers, publics, writers, controversies, scandals, sex, and violence.
Sweet Rocket
A parallel investigation was undertaken by Malaysia’s Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC). However we have learnt that inter-country cooperation was blocked by Musa’s close family contact, the Attorney General, Abdul Gani.
HCG is a hormone produced by the placenta shortly after implantation. In most normal pregnancies the HCG usually doubles every 48-72 hours and it normally increases by at least 60% every two days. When it gets to about 1200 it continues to climb a little slower. After about 2-3 months it will start to decline and eventually plateau.
* one 1 oz Carmex Healing Lotion
But I will show you whom you should fear: Fear Him who, after He has killed, has the power to cast into hell; yes, I say to you, fear Him!
Schwartz’s Deli is a mean lean smoked meat making machine! See for yourself!
Rule 1: Utterly Ridiculous Attire
Below is a copy of the application that you can print and fill out, to bring to your interview! Click on application to view full-screen.
Recently, I was listening to the audiobook of The Botany of Desire by Michael Pollan, and was pleasantly surprised at how often he brought up Dionysos. He makes a rather good argument for Johnny Appleseed being an American Dionysos. Did you know that apples from trees planted by seed are pretty much inedible, but they were great for making alcoholic cider? That was NOT in the Disney cartoon I saw when I was a kid. There is more to it than that, including his being an outsider, a wanderer, very close to nature, and having some pretty radical spiritual views for the time, but I recommend reading the whole chapter at least – but the whole book is excellent. He also discusses Dionysian vs Apollonian principles in his discussion of our human ideals of beauty on the chapter on the tulip, and unsurprisingly, Dionysos comes up again on the chapter about Cannabis and intoxication.
Moving in to the future, I continue to have high expectations both of myself and others. I draw inspiration from the women around me and from women who are doing something to make the world a better place. Some have called me the “Queen of The World,” perhaps because I am such a know it all. But I have decided that I would rather take a page from Peggielene Bartels’ book and be King Doris, because this would give me the power to take action. I take pride in being a professional woman and admire women like King Peggy http://kingpeggy.com/ and Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy http://sharmeenobaidfilms.com/ who are making a difference for women in the world http://www.savingfacefilm.com/ .
You will never see me post an image of a cat on this blog, unless it's to show up some aspect which cat-lovers will hate. Like the stupid ability of cats to get stuck up trees. Leave them to it, I say. When they're hungry enough, they will come down from the tree. One way or another.
02 Ikenga in Africa
Generations at war?
Many of you know that my husband served almost 12 years in the Navy. At times it was hard, but I am so thankful for all that time taught us as a couple. I am so thankful for the friendships that were formed from those days of being in the military. Many of those friendships still remain today. I am so thankful for the job/career that the Navy trained my husband for today. I am so very thankful that I was a Navy wife in those early years of our marriage. I know the cost, and I am still thankful.
Heat a large non-stick skillet, cook slices for 3 or 4 minutes on each side until lightly browned.
The black wolf glared at her. She tried to lift the grey one. Stars, he was heavy. The lights of the cottage taunted her from a distance that might as well have been the moon. She had to get back to the children and she couldn’t leave an injured man on the rocks, exposed to the elements. She turned to the black one. “’Tis the full moon. I don’t suppose you could shift and carry him?”
Kindly given by the publisher for an honest review
I had been working a lot of overtime to cover for vacationing and resigned coworkers. So I told myself that I earned the right to indulge myself in something frivolous. I figured I would buy two pairs of the expensive running shoes and see how they compare to the regular ones I always get. It was a great time to shop too, as this weekend was the tax free weekend in Texas.
I fundamentally believe that it is the duty of all G0d-fearing Americans to take a stand upon the principles of liberty and limited government that so many before us have bled and died to defend. I believe that these United States were ordained by God as man’s last best hope for freedom. We are an extraordinary country, but a country that is rapidly sliding into the oblivion of statist globalized Marxism. Once these lights of freedom (yes, these United States are 50 sovereign states) are extinguished from the earth, the dark forces of totalitarianism, socialism, monarchism, multi-national corporatism, Marxism, and globalism will trample the God-given rights of man under an iron boot of darkness. We can not allow that to happen! We must NEVER allow that happen! I believe that our best defense is a good offense and that offense begins with a well educated populace. We must confront the forces of totalitarianism with knowledge and uncompromising resolve! I also believe that we must be prepared physically for whatever catastrophes that may be created, whether that be an economic collapse, foreign invasion, or a maniacal police state turned against We The People. Coupled with that, we must be spiritually prepared. All things are possible through our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ! When we get right with God individually and as a people everything will fall into place.
10 May
“It is this deep impression of supernatural truth, "wrote Edward Gibbon, another of those prodigious quintifectas that the British peoples used to produce in such profusion, “which
1 paneled
3.Fly On A Windshield 3:26
Notable online stories and magazines:
Sometimes Gadaffi spoke about socialism. Later, he practised neo-conservative capitalism (one reason why many people joined the uprising against him. A reason which the National Transitional Council does not talk about now. As some of them used to be Gadaffi’s enforcers of capitalism, which they continue to enforce now).
I think I will go for a run and not worry about getting home on time and maybe go rent a movie and stay up late and sleep in tomorrow morning :) Maybe I will wake up early and clean thsi house (I know it doesn't sound like nearly as much fun but it would be nice to clean without a 2 year old tornado behind me)
Then it was off to Savers. Carol got a few things, and I got a new brown Nike zipper hoodie (emergency sweatshirt - it was COLD today!) and some teal sparklie shoes and some Steve Madden slippers. Good Savers day! I used my 30% off coupon, too!
Thomas Peltzer, DMD. The Connecticut Sedation Dentist Expert 860-747-5711
Michael R. Bromwich, the Director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement (BOEMRE) will speak to undergraduates, graduates, and faculty about the critical challenge of ensuring the safe and responsible development of our oil and natural gas resources in the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS). BOEMRE, a bureau in the U.S. Department of the Interior, is the federal agency responsible for managing the nation’s natural gas, oil and other mineral resources on the OCS. One of BOEMRE’s core principles is a renewed commitment to rely on thorough and credible science as the basis for sound decision-making. During this talk, students will learn of the reforms that BOEMRE is making to promote this decision-making process and of the exciting opportunities that a career in BOEMRE represent. For more information on BOEMRE you may visit http://www.boemre.gov/.
If you haven't realized by now, April's last name is Fool!
I was watching “La La’s Full Court Life” on VH1 last night and was surprised to see this topic as the theme of the episode. Just in case you don’t watch here’s a quick summary of what happened… La’s trainer Keno decided he was no longer interested in dating black women because of their attitude and lack of desire to try new things. La and a few of her friends took offense to this, and she made it her mission to prove him wrong by swinging on a trapeze.
WHERE DO I GET IT?
Actually, that's not true, these are the newest addition:
More details at:
During that seven-month period of evaluating and questioning my religion, I met a Catholic girl in her teens in Mexico City who expressed perfectly the deepest fear I held in my heart but had never actually expressed to anyone. She said, “I pray every day and I go to mass and I do everything I should do. But in the end, when I reach God, he might not let me in. He might say it was not enough. There is no way of knowing until I get there.” Her face seemed downcast as she spoke those words.
He later noticed a police van behind the car.
Berries - Rich in antioxidants that can improve blood flow, distributing more oxygen to muscles. Enjoy yogurt with berries just before your workout and your muscles are ready for action.
“Yes,” I said, wondering if this woman and I were soul- mates.
4) Add flour mixture slowly with the wet mixture. Blend.
ava was rewarded with a yard stick from ragtime fabrics and used it as a walking stick for the trip home.
That's not our story. The story is the creation of the cards, which you might have noticed feature one man who died 1000 years ago and two men who never existed, and as such were probably hard to photograph. But that's a real human being up there as John Henry, the steel-driving man. His name is Christopher Holmes, and he used to work at Topps, and he never gave them permission to make him John Henry, and now he's suing for $4 million. That lawsuit is below.
In college, Roommate and I studied abroad in England. On one of our many weekend adventures in Dublin, we celebrated our Irish friend’s 21st birthday. Being Americans, where turning 21 is a significant right of passage, we thought it important to celebrate accordingly. (Meaning we were the drunkest ones there. In Dublin, that’s hard to do.)
original notes below:
If evil be spoken of you and it be true, correct yourself, if it be a lie, laugh at it.---Epictetus
I didn’t even pin the tail on any part of the donkey. I pinned it on the white space of the donkey poster. Kuya Paolo was shouting misleading directions, and he laughed so hard when I took off my blindfold and saw where I pinned the tail.
the more we want from you.
Since becoming vegetarian and then Vegan, Tom and I have still gone to City Island to walk around and sit by the water. But it's sad not to be able to eat at any of the restaurants. Being it's a fishing town, City Island isn't very veg-friendly and it feels a bit like losing a part of my past.
I’m a freelance publicist with clients that have included Entangled Publishing and Month9Books. In addition, I’m a YA fantasy writer and book blogger. I have my blog for writing and publicity stuff and the Fantasy Book Addict for book recommendations/reviews, interviews with authors, and contests/giveaways.
16 “Here it is again, the Great Reversal: many of the first ending up last, and the last first.”
Massage – ahhh… the best type of recovery, although depending on how sore you are (& how nice your therapist is) this can actually be a bit of a torture session. We get a 1hr massage every week and I definitely look forward to this. I struggle to understand why they tell you to “relax” as they are trying to force their elbow from one side of your body through to the other.. im sorry, but I find that amount of pain quite a difficult thing to relax to!! The only downside to massage for me is the fact that I bruise like a peach so I always end up with marks all over my legs, back & arms from where she has had to dig in.. not a good look for anyone!
At this point Dr. John Reynolds, the President of Corpus Christi College of Oxford, a leader of the Puritan side in the Church of England, and one of the greatest scholars of his day, proposed a new translation of the Bible into English. King James responded warmly to this suggestion because he despised the then popular Geneva Bible. The king was troubled by the often revolutionary margin notes of the Geneva Bible which spoke extensively against corrupt and immoral kings. King James ordered that a single translation that the whole nation could rely on "to be read in the whole church", should be produced by 50 of the nations finest language scholars and he approved rules for carefully checking the results, including no marginal notes at all to be effected, but only for the explanation of the Hebrew or Greek words, and to draw attention to parallel passages.
with just my children and my wife,
I guess every superhero need his theme music
For many of Harold’s long-time supporters, of course, all this is nothing new. He made similar dogmatic pronouncements back prior to 1994 that the End would be coming that year.
Finding new ways to annoy Miss Scarlet (e.g. smearing his bottom with butter and leaving greasy bottom prints on her living room window).
This evening, the Small Bear and the Large Bear had a conversation. The subject matter is irrelevant, but it was about the purchase of smart work shirts for the Large Bear. The Large Bear does not do "smart" or, at least, he didn't think he did.
Do I have to? Please, I really don’t like this car. I get nauseous.
County of Residence: LAKE
Good luck and congratulations.
"cool"
811210 Electronic & precision equipment repair & maintenance
by Eyes Wide Open
Should Liverpool overcome Chelsea in the FA Cup final, Dalglish will have won two major prizes in his first full season back in management. It would be difficult to portray that achievement as anything less than success, however persistent poor form in the league suggests that there are still underlying problems with strategy and personnel.
I used a piece of cardboard for the cover. Decorated it with papers, fibers, crackle paint, glimmer mist, flower petals, lace, stones, seed beads, perfect pearls, paper cut outs, stickles and tons of mod podge.
Despite my initial caution & a nagging feeling of unease, I started listening to the answers that these extreme prophetic people would give to the sceptics.
There's truly too much for me to unpack every layer in one post, so I'm going to send you off to various parts of their website.
Judah wet his pants. He stood up off the couch, and I noticed that he was wet and asked if he had peed his pants. I made him go upstairs and change his clothes, and when he returned, we picked up where we had left off. About twenty minutes later, he had peed his pants again. I guess the voodoo doctor was a bit much for him. I had even asked a ton of people if this movie was scary or appropriate for a four year old, and everyone said Judah would like it. WRONG.
Ok. So awhile back I had you write a date down in history (I don’t remember the date, and I can’t look it up because it’s on my computer and I only have the iPad). I said that it was a momentous occasion because you told me to calm down when it’s always the other way around.
The female perpetrator stopped because of an argument in the foster home that exposed her actions. Although Marko was never questioned about his claims, the foster sister never sexually abused him again.
watch the smoky gray clouds form,
Halloween is almost here and that means GIVEAWAY time, not to mention the newest update of the EHAG Emporium. On the 31st of every month, the artists of the Eclectic Halloween Artist Group offer for purchase spectacular Halloween art valued at $75 or more. And there's always a giveaway before the big day.
We need to recognize and discuss police hostility toward peaceful protesters happening all over the nation. Everyone has a right to express their dissatisfaction with the way things are going and they certainly shouldn’t be punished for it. Those acting upon their desire for significant, positive change in a broken system are being physically attacked for their nonviolent resistance. What message does this send to future generations of our nation?
No hablo Espanol! Thank you.
He and his brother are planning a trip to Australia in late Fall. They're hoping to have enough money to travel, find jobs and stay a while. I hope they get there and have a huge adventure. I want them to experience the world, life, new situations, challenges. My younger son's GF is just back from 2 months in India, BY HERSELF. It has been life-changing.
Whilst being alone in England, my musical talent really took off. Loneliness in a foreign country can give you opportunity to focus on learning new things as well as practising them a lot. For me, it was writing, singing and learning how to play guitar the way I wanted to play. I never really focused on practising produced songs but rather how to mix chords and make new sounds. This might not have been the best way of doing it, but I loved it.
The question catches me off guard. I look at Mr. Davis in disbelief. It is such an innocent question, but I don’t know how to answer it. I must look confused or hesitant because he chuckles emptily at me. He pulls the seat open and sits down in front of me. It is now that I’m struck with the thought that he may actually be telling the truth. That he did not kill Marion Walcott.
Who are you spending time with?
I can, with pride, tell you of a demonised community who have found strength in each other. I can tell you of how inspiring it is to feel the love and support of these people, and the awesome sense of privilege in witnessing the broken come together. I can tell you of the values we all grew up with, principles our ancestors fought for, our playground guilt as we were chastisted for hitting the bespectacled child.
Carol's been gone a little over a quarter century now. I don't think about her that much. In fact, sometimes years have passed without her entering into the mathematics of my thoughts. Perhaps that's awful of me. Maybe it means I have accepted the circumstance and moved on. It could be it doesn't matter, because dead is still dead, and you don't always get to walk away from that.
Funny how having more time allows you to stretch out how you do stuff and how long it all takes and indeed if it gets done at all. And by you I mean me.
Perhaps you created a different Facebook account or Twitter account and then became online friends with your MD’s girlfriend or wife? Well, if she added you voluntarily that’s okay. However, respect boundaries. Don’t start a fight or otherwise be anything less than classy towards the people in the life of your MD special someone. Keep it classy, okay?
"I evaluate every stripper on a case by case basis."
1. The new Manager with the toughest job will be Matheny in St. Louis. Cardinals GM John Mozeliak chose a rookie manager who will need to do a lot of learning on the job. When you look at the Cardinals roster, you see experienced guys like Holliday, Berkman, Carpenter, and the returning Wainwright. That is of course, assuming that King Albert does not reurn, but if he does, you obviously throw him into the mix of experienced winners.
I wrote about refried beans Monday. And I'm here to show them to you today. My sister-in-law makes her own refried beans, and I've thought about making them myself... But I wasn't really sold until I decided to find ways to save money while eating healthier...
The OGX-63 well, known as Fortaleza, is still in progress and located in the BM-S-57 block and is situated approximately 102 kilometers off the coast of the state of Rio de Janeiro at a water depth of approximately 155 meters. The Ocean Quest rig initiated drilling activities on October 08, 2011.
And Ten is for Hendaye.
– 20-win seasons: 1 (1979)
Anyway!
Great article. I remember the education system took a real dive in the 70′s. I had move from New England to California where the educational system was so poor. Most of the public schools I attended were very substandard. I ended up taking the GED to get out of the toxic brainwashing and dumb down experiment called for by Caspar Weinberger who was appointed as Sec of Health, Education and Welfare by Ronny Reagan (Mr. War on Drugs), and later became Secretary of Defense. It was pure poison. I noticed that drugs started flowing into the schools at this time too.
This results in a single .asc file that contains both your public and private key stacked together in a single file.
On the R18 e-tron quattro kinetic energy is recovered on the front axle during the braking phase. It is fed as electric into a flywheel accumulator before being retrieved under acceleration again above a speed of 120 km/h. During this procedure only the front axle is integrated. The V6 TDI power plant producing 375 kW (510 hp) continues to transmit its power to the rear wheels. Both systems complement each other to create the new drive principle e-tron quattro.
This is a post to mention I'm crawling back into what passes for my normal creative life, with an addition of film, which is no longer film but now digital. What did I learn most these last few weeks? EVERYTHING TAKES LONGER TO DO THAN I THINK IT WILL.
Think back to the Oklahoma City bombing. Tim McVeigh was executed six years afterwords, which is quite speedy these days. That happened because he committed a federal crime. If he had blown up a private day care center, he would be a state prisoner in Oklahoma, and he would still be looking forward to another decade of appeals regarding his case, not to mention that the Supreme Court has just given him the right to claim that Oklahoma has no right to hurt him. Sadly, the reason Tim McVeigh is dead is because he blew up federal property. The 168 people he murdered are irrelevant collateral damage. If he had killed any or all of them without blowing up a federal building, he would have had an excellent chance of living out his normal lifespan. He would have been confined, but Oklahomans would be obligated to provide him with three hot meals a day and a place to sleep, at no expense to himself. Imagine how wonderful it would be not to have to worry about the mortgage, the electric bill, groceries or the price of gasoline. If it were not for the fear of God, crime would make sense for all of us, and the courts are trying to get God out of our lives too. Won’t a completely lawless society be wonderful? If not, why do we keep aiming for one? Now that Zacarias Moussaoui has been spared the death penalty, perhaps Tim McVeigh would even be able to blow up a federal building. Even if he was a disgusting creep, he may have just been ahead of his time.
International atomic Energy
Cocteau Twins Iceblink luck UK
The pilot was not available for comment.
1/2 teaspoon thyme
Brod got older. He kept his intentions with the Kafka papers hidden. At some point he willed them to the library of Israel, in a letter of intent. And then he named Hoffe as the beneficiary of his will.
More of the gates:
1. Hold Your Head Up (White, Argent) 6:17
Williamson can't afford the dental work she needs so, for now, she's turned to Super Glue.
An Ceann Comhairle: ￼ ￼ Minister, please.
And, we’ve consumed it. Ruminated over some of it. Some of it is partially digested. Other bits cause brain upset or indigestion. And, in the end, our brains are overloaded. Bloated. And there’s no space left for clear thinking.
Corporation of Nottingham c.1930
The Things I Know this week are-
I mentioned earlier that I struggle to deal with depression when I am away from my wife. This is because a sex in general, and warm, loving, kind, easy, respectful, gentle, earnest, sex in particular is balm for my soul. I understand that’s not something most people give away, but as I said…don’t offer me help if you don’t want to help me. Give me the help you can. If that includes gently making love to me while I look in your eyes, I might take you up on it. Just really spell out the boundaries because I’m too internally focused when I’m depressed to find social cues easy to follow.
While we were there I had taken some cash out of my purse and put it in my pocket so I could buy some yummies at the farmer's market. After walking around and deciding what we wanted I went to get the cash out it was gone! I checked every pocket and retraced our steps multiple times looking for it. It was a windy day and other people around so I figured it had either blown into the waist-high weeds around the sides. I was bummed thinking I would have to go home empty-handed. We went and played in the playground and played with the chicken some more when I noticed something on the ground. It was three dollars folded up. It wasn't my money and there was no one else around so I was pretty excited that I would be able to get some fresh green peppers since ours were not yet ready in our garden. I went back out front and bought the peppers and a fresh lemon and headed back to the car. As I got in I looked into my purse and there was my money sitting right on top! Not sure how that happened but it was a great reminder that God provides! PTL!
Please know that I am ALWAYS thinking about you and I'm ALWAYS missing you until the very last breath I have leaves my body you will ALWAYS be my baby.
I have SO much to share with y'all since the last 3 weeks! I had an amazing time on my family vacation to Puerto Rico! I have loads of pics to share but along with opting to leave the comp at home, I also left my camera... Let me explain - Seester just got one for her Mother's Day so I knew hers would be out 24/7. No need to take 2 DSLRs on vaca! I will get them from her soon and work on some fun posts to fill y'all in- as for now, I'm gonna pick up right were we left off May 25th... with my sister's 28th birthday celebration weekend! Yes, she's a brat like I am and one day is NOT enough...
It was my day off. Was is the key word here.
Like the lady said, it's all about power.
Overall this was a rather melancholy post, so here’s a happy picture of a kitten to cheer things up!
His instant dance was a little bit off putting, or was it just the pants? He seemed a little thrown by the process, but he maintained his speed and composure so he effectively pulled it off.
When I saw Mount Rainier, tears streamed down my face, though whether they were for love of that damn volcano or the debilitating pain of Coco's scratchy fingernails on my sensitive face skin, I really can't say.
One thing that might have you reading no further is the fact that this is a query letter, a piece of paper that pitches a novel, and I’ve only mentioned the book once. In my experience, it might not be my letter that gets me thrown away but the close-mindedness of adults who can’t imagine a future for a silly little sixteen-year-old girl. That’s why I’ve dedicated this entire cover letter to getting you used to the idea that not all teenagers sit and drool in front of the TV all day.
See, he's not one of those nasty prohibitionists. The very idea!
Mocknick: According to certain websites, it is not a "standard practice" for an agency to charge upfront fees.
In 2006 Dreyer said that he believed Zebra was the best technology of its kind in the world.
gracefully jumping...
It was hard for me to feel like I hadn’t crossed some kind of line, but I left that experience feeling exhilarated. To be clear, I don’t have the desire to go out and randomly terrorize people physically. I just needed an outlet for all of the energy in my body. What I want to do the next time this comes up is go out into the middle of a field here somewhere and scream, and rage, and let it all out. I want to sink onto my knees and beat the ground until my hands are numb, scream until my throat is sore and there’s nothing left in me. Because that’s what this energy is. It’s not just whatever happens on a given day; it’s all the anger and pain and fear that’s built up in my body over the last two decades or more, building up to the breaking point and looking for release.
Plus, the moms like to see their girls being quiet, pretty, not running all over the place and destroying the house.It's just so, so, so... wrooooooooong! It kind of makes me feel like a frog living with a whole bunch of pigs. And I don't want my kids to start oinking. But I don't know how to prevent it. Ribbiting isn't likely to work. You know what I mean?
Beethoven marked the Sanctus ‘Mit Andacht’ (‘with devotion’), which is just what we heard, trombones sounding their aequale across the Habsburg centuries. Davis’s mastery of transition was heard to great effect in the difficult section prefacing the calls of ‘Pleni sunt coeli’. The choruses once again sounded as if an angelic host: awe-inspiring, truly thrilling. And then, that extraordinary paradox: the ‘Praeludium’, in which the orchestra sounds almost more like an organ than an organ does (the organ part itself elsewhere being taken excellently by Catherine Edwards). Beethoven’s power of suggestion reminded me here of an instance in the E major piano sonata, op.14 no.1, in which he somehow manages to suggest portamento, writing a passage that would never work as the real thing on the violin. What spiritual inwardness, though, was expressed here: a mystery awaiting revelation, for which the LSO’s lower strings unerringly prepared us, ‘Benedictus qui venit in nomine Domini’. Whilst the vocal contribution to the ‘Benedictus’ section was extraordinarily fine, Sarah Connolly’s richness of tone an especial marvel here, and Helena Juntunen, a late replacement for Carmen Giannattasio, also excellent, there was, alas, something of a disappointment to be endured from the all-too-secular sounding violin solo from Gordan Nikolitch. (It sounded and looked like a concerto: I cannot believe that it was a wise decision to have him stand.) That was a pity, but we were soon reconciled in true Handelian grandeur – or what used to be Handelian grandeur before the composer’s capture by ‘authenticity’ – of the ‘Hosanna’.
Johnathan Rice (Stubb's) The bio says it all: ""We're all stuck out in the desert and we're gonna die!" Coming through the speakers sounding like some strange love child of The Pixies and Country Joe And the Fish, it's the feel bad hit of the season. What I mean is, it's doomsday pop you can dance to."Muck and the Mires (BD Riley's) This band reminds me of Dash Rip Rock and shows at BD Riley's always seem better. It must be the nice Guiness pours.Nakia & His Southern Cousins (Lamberts) I think my quest this year will be soulful, southern rock. I'm still looking into it though. This guy is cropping up all over Austin, so he must be good.
To preface the video below, when I went to see The Hunger Games a week ago, there was one super-considerate patron sitting towards the front of the theater continually playing with his/her phone. My eyes kept being drawn to the phone screen as it flashed on and off throughout the movie. That's when I appreciate companies that fight back.
Ask yourself, “Would I feel comfortable with my appearance if I were in the Lord’s presence?”
Week 16:vs Atlanta- The Falcons travel to Ford Field for the second consecutive year. Atlanta beat Detroit last season, 23-16, giving them a better seed for the playoffs. Both teams were 10-6 in 2012, and clinched the two NFC Wild Card seeds. Had Detroit won last year, they would have faced the New York Giants, rather than the high-scoring New Orleans Saints. Head-to-head games are always important come playoff time. Therefore, Detroit needs this win.
It was a good effort, but not enough to capture my interest, other than in a fleeting sort of way and so I stuffed it into the storage drawer in my brain, the one reserved for curious things.
I will leave you with a couple of piccys, the car is just too jiggly to write much more, lol!
"Except for some burns on my arm from the airbag."
(1) Hunts tomato sauce = .33
I love that. And I love to think of Rain, forever fourteen in a little fictional town called Hannesburg, Kansas.
Desired destination.
Preheat the oven to 375F.
Tomorrow I'm going to the hotel to create a contract for a symposium next year. The Daniel family intends to come back again, from England, and Joyce and Carl Fetteroll intend to return as well. I hope when they get home and recover from their own exhaustion they still feel that way. :-)
Here are some photos from Saturday. I posted a couple of the proofs from her portrait session on my wrap-up post here. I will post more of the portraits when I get them back in a couple of weeks.
1 Part Kahlua Coffee Liqueur
When they returned, the eggs were named ..
Sam: We are raising money now and are going to be flushing out these details over the next 6 to 9 months and then we are planning right now to launch in Q3 of 2013. A lot of businesses have the opportunity to start small and iterate. Unfortunately that is not a luxury that we have. Either we have a cruise ship in the water or we don’t have a cruise ship in the water. We are making sure that we spend an extra amount of time in order to flush out all of these details so that we are ready to raise the money to buy and retrofit the cruise ship.
I had a hard time with this card, it just didn't seems to fit together. Oh well, she will love it just because it came from me :)
HISPANIC STUDIES SPECIAL SESSION 5: THEORIES AND CULTURAL POLITICS OF REPRESENTING SPANISH CITIES (New Student Center, 211)
Next up, Dad's card. We all know it is difficult to make those manly cards so if I can't find something to colour I turn to my stash of 'specialty papers'. These aren't your run of the mill scrapbook papers, many are either hand made, or have the look of hand made and of course my treasured Magenta Maruyama netting got on there. LOVE that stuff!
J&J, meanwhile, well... Tylenol made a hero of that company. Yup. Lucky lucky lucky. Google searches return pages and pages of this classic business case study in brilliant PR. "Consumer product company's worst nightmare..." blah blah blah. Marketers predict the company's demise, but a year later J&J makes a complete comeback. Reminds us of the nuclear industry overcoming Fukushima. Worst nightmare for whom? CEO widely praised for his handling, according to the narrative. Once known for baby shampoo, J&J is now a pharmaceutical powerhouse. HOO boy. The MBAs love that shit.
"This doesn't make any fucking sense," Samantha complains as she grabs stacks of papers and tosses them into boxes. The evacuation order for Boston had been sudden, having come down in the time it took her to use the bathroom. She'd gone in just to relieve herself of too much coffee. By the time she'd come out, the offices were in chaos.
There are new coupons available at the Target website. Some are Target coupons and others are manufacturer's coupons. All manufacturer's coupons can be stacked with Target coupons for additional savings!
I did a couple more rounds of revisions at Irene’s request, and by the end of March, she was sending the manuscript out to publishers, five of them to be exact. I was in Disneyland at the time, and remember constantly checking email on my phone to keep up with what was going on. April 9, 2010, we received an offer from Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. It was awesome that I was in Disneyland with my husband and daughters to celebrate.
The character must be conscious or, at the least, at 0 HP to take a dose.
Next up: another dish I haven't had before,which has a beautiful sounding Chinese name 艷影紗窗 that translates in essence to "Mysterious Beauty" ($128HK / ~$16US). Which doesn't really tell you much about what it is, but makes sense once you see it.
It may seem like such a simple thing to make me so overly jubilant. But through the adoption journey, the smallest blessing from God can be the largest source of joy. They remind us that He is writing our story. Suddenly our path doesn't seem so long... our destination not so far away.
My Addition: I am personally scared about them testing this system. Even though it was declared a “Complete Failure”, it makes me nervous that any can just take over our television, and block our news. We need to know what’s going on in the world, not what the president tells us.
The group, of about 15 males, are described as Asian and mixed race, aged between 15 and 20.
by Dr. Angela Kowitz Orobko
Beach Boys God only knows US
Offering kayak lessons, and the chance to paddle either up the Swift Current Creek (when the water levels allow), or through to the Duncairn Dam reservoir (also known as Reid Lake), John Smith (yes that’s his real name) at Carefree Adventures is a very personable and friendly guy, and he’ll gently ease you out of any fears you might have, and into one of the many different kayaks he offers.
In the usual way, Ka Apaz is lying down on her bed. The entry and exit of spirit are manifested by a whistling sound coming from the fontanel of the head and not from the mouth. The sound may be a signal. The cover acts as a transmitter so that people from other lands will also hear the messages of the Holy Spirit spoken in the Philippines – in their own languages. Their mediums are receivers, like radios. Can anyone do that?
YTEDR Blog (ytedrblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
January 3, 1806
But, really, when I look at this photo, here’s what I see:
I hope you all have a really great Monday, stay safe and enjoy your day.
Then, one day around the beginning of my sixth month, it occurred to me that I was not just pregnant. I was going to have a baby. Whom I would have to care for. All the studying about *being* pregnant was cool, and preparing for childbirth was cool, but what about *after* the baby was born? I began to realize that my body knew what to do, and the best I could do was get out of its way and allow it to do it. What I needed to start doing was prepare to be a mom.
Recon Scoring
Business groups led by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce pressed the Obama administration to block revised guidelines for discrimination against disabled workers until the public has a chance to review the proposals.
All you need is a bit of sunlight, some soil in a pot (or bigger), some seeds or plants, and you'll eat your own parsley, strawberries or garlic.
4 cups (960 ml) of water
I know people on both sides of the issue:
P.S. Kenya, don’t be mad at the Title! I just needed a title that would grab your attention and other peoples. Your not a loser. LOL! Text me Kenya!
In the meantime, I'm working on several new super-secret ebook projects, including a horror novel with three other bigshot authors, an eighth Jack Daniels book, and a spy novel, among other things.
intense, a voice to drown in; for others, it's gratingly
DR EVIL: Thanks Kim, and I can see the first car pulling up now. I say car, but as you can see it’s really an Environmental Health Van. Oh it’s Doctor McCrumble! And … yes, that’s Mrs Doctor McCrumble with him, in a very nice backless chiffon number.
Jolene grew up in Wasilla, Alaska. She graduated from Southern Utah University with a degree in political science and French, which she used to teach math to middle schoolers.
All in all, we are very lucky. She is a very happy baby, except for the last few weeks since she has been sick. Her being sick just worries me so much and the fact that we keep sharing whatever it is, makes it even worse. We've both been on 2 rounds of antibiotics, so I guess if she's still sick on Tuesday, we'll see what Dr. S suggests next. When he saw her last (on Thursday) he said she is like a super baby. You could never tell she's premature. She advanced physically and cognitively is doing very well. She still doesn't have any teeth, but she loves to gum finger food to death. He also said that the reason for her recurrent sinus infections is that she might finally be getting those teeth and this may just be the way this affects her. Regardless, her coughing/hacking is scaring her mommy. Ugh. But anyway, I am so, so happy to have her in my life. I don't really remember life before her (except maybe that there was more sleep involved), but I'd give up every lost hour of sleep to have her in my life. I am the luckiest momma alive. She is our miracle. Our joy, the light of our life. And the past 9 months have sped by..I can't believe in 90 days, she'll be one. That is crazy to me...Elaina Lynn, we love you much..Happy 9 months!!!
The Prize will be 4 digital images of the winner's choice.
a cloying head, my never-fully-closed
Tiana: The most notable character trait for Tiana is her determination. She’s a hard way and doesn’t let anything. Now sometimes this actually becomes her biggest flaw, but in the end she finds balance and with it a happily ever after.
Cat. Walks away, climbs a tree, laps its milk.
There is no better place to be a motorcyclist than the bay area. The weather is just about perfect most of the year, and the quality and variety of roads is unbeatable. I really can't see myself living anywhere else.
9781937945015
People say to me, "Oh, you're so lucky," and yes, there's a certain amount of luck involved. But the fact is, when you're really good at something, you're much more likely to have things go your way. Work is an exchange of energy--your talent for their money. Companies need your talent; they can't survive without it. And when you're a master at what you do, they'll do what they can to meet your needs.
Here’s the list you’ve been waiting for. Note the source of the salmon. (Remember the cleanest is Bering Sea, then northern BC and southern Alaska.) The recommended servings per week meet the minimum dosage of omega 3s recommended by several organizations and are based on info from the suppliers. Unless otherwise stated, all cans are the small sizes (generally 7.5 oz/213 grams, but sometimes smaller.)
Once upon a time in America, we can tell our grandchildren, there used to be this great thing called Free Speech.
- Smokey Robinson 10:00 p.m. Los Angeles CA R&B
If you’ve got that Entitlement attitude, don’t be hurt. Just be prepared to work hard. If you fail, just try again. If you have a passion for something, look for a mentor to help you cultivate that passion. Show gratitude. Thank people for their time. Thank people for helping you. Open your ears to criticism. You can’t improve if you don’t know where you need it. Look for communities in which a hardworking attitude is required and rewarded. This Week in Startups is one I highly recommend. @Jason is the complete opposite of a Generation Y-er. If you haven’t watched Randy Pausch’s Last Lecture, this is the time to do it.
Above the reference plane is the step plane, this is effectively the underside of the sidepods. This must sit 5cm above the reference plane. Again the surface must be flat and run from the complex regulated bodywork zone around the front of the sidepods to the rear axle line. A large clearance is mandated around the rear wheel to prevent teams sealing off the floor against the rear tyres.
Parents are already dragging out the euphemisms: ‘I don’t want my child rezoned into a “low-performing” school.’
There is a point to all this and hopefully those that perform and excel this week will get it ( x-fit apes will not)!
And then I saw ‘Warbreaker’. Sucked in by the front-cover tag-line, ‘Magic as you’ve never seen it before.’, I read the blurb. It describes a chromatic magic system, based on ‘breath’ that can only be collected one unit at a time, and magic wielders who draw their power by leeching the colour of objects around them. It sounded like absolute genius. Better still, the novel was a one off. A surreptitious read through of the exciting and intriguing prologue left me in no doubt, ‘Warbreaker’ was a book I had to read. A bit of digging around on the internet, shows this is one of Sanderson’s less popular novels. All I can say is that the others must be something special, as I found Warbreaker entrancing from start to finish.
Ding dong the witch is dead....Fifth Estate
The Cleaning Kit (her bestseller), lists a combination of all the tasks that should be done in homes in an attractive, easy to use format that will work beautifully for you and your busy family. The lists are designed to be used together - one for rotating tasks to do year round and one for weekly tasks.
Seeing my little baby Boy laying on the hospital bed, obviously in discomfort, not recognising him because of the rashes and swelling is tough to say the least. Add lack of sleep to the mix and emotional wreaks emerge.
So I took pause when Metphistopheles suggested Tommy Davis. I didn’t know a lot about him, so I decided to listen to someone who knew the era a bit better than I did chime in.
Thus, the normal reality checks of community, priest, and scripture
Just got to get all his painkillers down him now…..
But all of this has come after religious instruction has been banned in all but the church run schools.
I thought women were meant to be smarter than men!
Now, there is one more app, a real dark horse in my opinion, that has huge potential. The app is SmartTime. It has an impressive user interface: clean, simple, and usable. It also has a fascinating way of arranging your tasks. You tell it how long you want to spend doing something, and SmartTime will schedule it wherever in your schedule it can find the time. If you don’t get to something in time – i.e. you don’t mark it complete – it can just bump it forward in time to the next available slot. And it syncs both tasks and events into GCal alone.
Outlaw IPA coming in cans around the first of May. More posts on that as it gets closer.
& make it mouth the words
6. And finally, in a unusual move, Cher Lloyd has made a new video for her single Want U Back in a bid to break the US. I’m not sure why a new video was necessary- the old one was fine I thought. The song sounds slightly different at the start and the end. The noticeable difference is that the feature by Astro, a contestant on the US Factor, has been cut out which is odd as he is probably more known over there than she is. She looks different and maybe that’s tailored towards the US- she is revealing more flesh and wearing crazy clothes. Want U Back will be her lead debut single over there as she hopes to follow in the footsteps of One Direction and The Wanted. Check out the US version of the video:
limit gear, then allow the same character to be played, but limit the
I only met him a few times, the first in BsAs at the milonga 444 Maipú. My good friends Negracha and Diego were performing that night and he was one of the few attendees that weekday evening. He seemed very quiet and reserved and sat by himself, but N & D told me that he was a different character once you get to know him. We watched him on the floor and marvelled at his ability to play with the rhythms, all the tiny syncopations he could insert between the follower's even steps without disturbing her in the least. It was like skipping stones over water without making ripples. They introduced me to him but I couldn't say much because of my severely limited castellano. So I sat silently, trying to be present but unobtrusive as they bantered and gossiped back and forth. After the milonga we went to a café where they continued to joke and talk smack about other characters they knew at different milongas. At this point Omar was pretty animated, making rude comments and talking in duck voice as they munched on sweet medialunas and coffee. I was feeling kind of like a wet rag so I wished them a good night and headed home. I was glad to have met him but didn't think I'd made much of an impression.
Like Tressel, Scarlet was also born three months premature and needed special care. Emilie felt grateful to provide it, especially as the anniversary of Tressel’s death arrived. “When a year came up,” she says, her voice breaking, “we had a baby to hold again.” They had planned to visit Tressel’s grave in Findlay, but instead spent the anniversary with Scarlet in the hospital.
And lastly a little bird (as in twit twit…cough cough…. say no more, say no more!!) told me that some time in June you might want to break out your favorite sweater and eat some pudding pops.
Thus the cycle will continue: the burrowing, the corroding, the laying of eggs until finally the alarm is sounded and the host becomes aware that something is wrong inside. But by then, it is almost too late. There’s no ointment to kill the infestation. No magic powder. They are too small to be picked out and singed by cigarette end or candle, and anyway by the time you have noticed, there are far too many of them. No amount of scrubbing will cleanse the body of such sinister tenants. They have you and they will not give you up easily. Their toxicity will eat away at your soul, taint your judgement, harden your heart.
But they did ask me if I was ready to be a Mom. At that time the words stung and shocked me. I didn't want think about it; I didn’t even want to consider it.
In Russia, the Gulag and all that happened was aimed at destroying Christianity; and to some extent this succeeded, because it is with great difficulty that people find out about Christianity now. And in the West, all the indifference, tolerance, freedom, and prosperity also help to destroy any kind of strong Christianity. The end result is not much different. As Solzhenitsyn says, however, in the East they have become stronger; after Communism they have become stronger than we in the West who have all this freedom. But we should not be satisfied with being weaker. We should at least offer to God our struggle.
B. Does it make a difference if:
The last session I attended was run by two people I have known for many years. In a reprise from the conference in Los Angeles, they presented some thoughts and a lively discussion on how fiction about intercultural relationships can be used to launch reflection on cultural differences and provide a safe and effective way to raise intercutlural awareness. You can join the fun on the blog, ThinkingOutsideTheBook.org
last night...
Guarding my ears.
We’ll brew a lot more next year.
I have a horseshoe setup of "door" tables resting on filing cabinets FULL OF TOO MANY PAPERS! My computer is facing the window area.The door is to my right so I'm not sure how un-feng shui I am..Hmmm
Fourth (and somewhat related to the second), the world of any given film, like the dreams in Inception, is naturally incomplete. Even if there was a movie that followed its protagonist every single second of the day in real-time from birth until death, we still wouldn't know details like what smells surround this person, what happens to the people in his or her life after they leave the frame, or what thoughts are running through his or her head. Filmmakers do their best to represent those details that are pertinent to the story or the characters, but they are limited by the format, especially the commercially-imposed average runtime of two hours. So, as an engaged audience, we fill in the details from our own experience, our own subconscious. Office buildings smell like this, a person in this situation would be thinking that, etc. Sometimes filmmakers invite us to engage on a more conscious level, like when Quentin Tarantino never shows us what's in the briefcase in Pulp Fiction. Nolan makes his own invitation with the very last shot of Inception.
When you were 16 years old up do you remember the people who influenced your life? Just like you, there are many teenagers who need to know someone actually cares about them. As adults, the problem is that we often feel as if we don’t really have anything to give to them and if we do we do not believe they will accept what we have to give. Well, I want to tell you what I have learned in my experience when it comes to making an impact in a teenager’s life.
I still love the saltiness of the first kiss. The breathless anticipation, the staccato heartbeats, the way the tongues and desire interweave. I haven’t grown immune to its’ magic. For a brief moment I can taste happiness. I can feel the spark like a fireworks show that blazes across a pitch black sky. It burns bright but dies young. The memory however lingers on even if the intensity of the colours fades over time.
I don't do the fight or flight thing. I cling!
I like the idea of being able to get my groceries at Target. But instead of expanding the actual store, they are moving everything around and using 1/4 of the exisiting store for groceries. So now there will be less of everything - less of the kid's clothes, less of the shoes, less of the toys, less of everything that I normally go to Target for - and who know's where it will be in the store anyway. No more just running into Target, to the exact aisle where I know to get whatever it is I need - now I have to learn the new layout where everything is crammed together. Can you imagine the struggles I will now face in trying to find where the napkin rings are?
Here it is in its just masculine version:
AdriN2001: I can't explain it
Cinnamon - 1/2-inch piece stick (optional), powdered
Repelling several attacks, Caines held on to win in 46.90. ‘For me, it was the first race injury-free in a long time,’ said Caines. ‘I ran 45.8 in my opening race here four years ago, but it will come because it takes quite a time to get back into it.’ Nathan Morgan, another athlete whose career has been cursed by injury, again underlined that, if he manages to enjoy a period relatively free of problems, he is an untapped talent. The Leicester athlete won the long jump with an effort of 8.05 metres, the second best by a British athlete. This is the fittest Morgan has been since 2002, the year he won the Commonwealth gold medal in Manchester. He will not be defending his title in Melbourne, preferring to compete in Moscow, where there is prize money.
Rescuer: "He's that bad?"
Sir Hook the Mediterranean Pirate of Warrick
A few minutes and a fuji apple later, I was bored to tears. I was ready to give up. I saved the single paragraph that materialized before my brain conked out and resolved to entertain other story ideas. I’ve always wanted to do a sort of retrospective on how things were like for me this time last year. I went through my vintage buoys and to my surprise, this is what I found tucked in the bowels April 2011.
- Metal plate engraved with the handwritten Louis Vuitton signature
“”To get more money I suppose,” was his response when asked why he stole the identities of the children.” READ MORE>
I will of course be appealing the matter.
Oh and my other favourite gem, "I never eat carbs or sweets. I'd love to look more anorexic like you Kate."
How do these ladies not have 1,000 followers each?!
When, for instance, France's President Sarcozy demanded last year that the French people should intermarry with other races he became in effect Monsieur Eugenics.
this is not just a religious war, this is a fight for human rights!
I took a few iPhone shots to document the wretched occasion.
This government has yet to complete one year in office, so we can have only a preliminary assessment. However, even that might be helpful in dispelling some of the confusion which still afflicts sections of people who had voted the Trinamool Congress to power with much expectation.
NFL Comparison: Stevie Johnson
I thought about leaving the pink background blank, but I really like using these flourishes with the heart image and adding some small hearts to the mix.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
I am damn good at playing colorblind too. All these red flags waving before my eyes, right before my eyes, and I still dive in.
Oh, I had a lovely Christmas. My house was beautifully decorated. I entertained and was entertained. My family lit the Advent candle and sporadically (not good, I know) read from the Gospel of Luke. I acted the part... much like I feel I have been doing for the past few months. It's easy. But I'm just tired now.
Luckily I was home alone this weekend and nobody could be disgusted with my messy creative'ness.
well when exercising. That's the norm,
Are held in observant trance
Mysterious Rangers – Quintron
At Fashionable Stamping Challenges this fortnight it is all about Vintage...and how you interpret it.
I held it from myself in certainty of its futility.
Whereas generally conservatives support the rule of men, whereas liberals generally support the rule of emotion; in Radical Honoursty: Everyone is entitled to the principles of the RULE OF LAW, irrespective of the severity or temerity of their criminal act, or the alleged extremity or temerity of their ideological or religious beliefs.
Among them:
The timers and explosive materials were sold under the cover that they were for World War II mine removal so that Libya might go ahead and drill the ocean floor for oil. When pressed, Wilson admitted this was actually a lie, a cover story for something else. He lied again, that it was actually for the subsidised training of a local anti-terrorist force. The C4 explosive was shipped in, disguised as drilling mud, on a plane flown by the son-in-law of Nixon’s old confidante, Bebe Rebozo. Omran El-Mehdawi, former Libyan attache for economic affairs and intelligence officer, was shot dead in Bonn with one of Wilson’s guns. Faisal Zagallai, another former Qaddafi loyalist then living in Colorado, was shot twice in the head by former Green Beret Eugene Tafoya. Zagalli survived. Wilson continued to network at his Mount Airy estate, with frequent visits from Charlie Wilson (no relation) of Texas, John Dingell of Michigan, as well as many faceless brass who formed policy and gave out contracts. At the working end of his operations, he found plenty of military and CIA people who were in need of money and happy to take what was there. “Who are we working for?” asked one Green Beret. “Me”, said Wilson, and that answer satisfied his employees. One Green Beret to another: “I don’t know exactly what’s going on over there, but it pays heavy dust.”
Death Cab for Cutie: Codes and Keys
Ron Asheton finds a chord sequence he can almost master, repeats till he needs to use the bathroom halfway through, but returns in time to remember where he left off. A Rock masterpiece is born. I’m kidding.
Now all these actions would cause great pain and hardship, plus an enormous amount of chaos…and naturally, some unpredictable stuff. However, every one of those actions will be eschewed in favour of insanity….aka, political reality. If they were followed, Europe would emerge from the coming crisis in far better shape than it will having borrowed a bazooka it can’t afford – one loaded with sago pudding where the shells should be.
Landing a good executive job is not dependent on luck. For people who wish to learn some tips regarding executive job searches, here are some pointers on how to get that dream job:
It is easy to see that if someone thinks he has seen or heard the Lord he singles himself out as someone special.
they shift shape and scope against
After all the people had cleared the venue we had to check in again and get another food voucher (same value as the one before). I was assigned to “line duty.” This meant I was in charge of making sure people got into the venue quickly and safely. Basically the main task was for 10 volunteers to get 5,000 thirsty ticket holders a wrist band proving they were over 21 (the venue security provided the ID checking). This was an awesome job. It was fast paced, I got to greet the festival goers, crack some jokes and I didn’t have to mindlessly stare at brewers pouring beer. Wristbanding is a very simple process and all we really had to know was that the bracelet went on the left hand. Many festival goers had a lot of trouble with this concept and I sometimes had to repeat myself 3 or 4 times. There was one instance where I was just looking down focusing on getting wristbands on as quickly as possible when a gentleman held out his right wrist. “Left wrist please” I said fairly loudly. He left his arm there. “LEFT please,” I repeated. I wasn’t really in the mood to say it again so I looked up at the kid smiling at me as he looked me in the eyes and said “it’s the only wrist I got.” After some embarrassment and an apology, he smiled and headed into the building. After an hour the 10 of us had successfully moved 5,000 people into the venue. It was quite an accomplishment and I was proud of my work. Our captain praised us and told us to grab a beer before finding out our next task.
Are we happy plastic people
The Dragon fruit is the edible version of those disillusioned folk who buy a Saxo and invest in a noisy exhaust and go faster rims. They make a scene and everyone notices them. Unfortunately so much investment into exterior appearance can never make up a fundamental lack personality or sense. They are the Dragon fruits of society.
Then I cut a piece of Sweet Shop DSP 1-1/2" x 4" and stamped the greeting from Thank You Kindly on the right side in Basic Black ink. I adhered the DSP onto the bottom section of the stamped Whisper White panel. I wrapped a piece of 5/8" Basic Black Satin ribbon around the card front and tied it into a knot and trimmed the ribbon ends.
Just like a gentle lamb,
i began to record my days in a journal that i wisely threw out a couple of years later. i was never going to be a famous horror/mystery writer so i decided to try my hand at being a documentarian. i wrote a lot during those days . notebooks filled up right before my eyes – endless rants mixed with horrible prophecies and shitty death poetry and maybe a self-pity haiku. sometimes i drew pictures of dogs, cats, elephants, pigeon-toads and donkey cows. i cried often, and titled each of my outbursts appropriately. i wrote letters to imaginary friends, gave fake interviews to respected journalists, and even created a board game that centered around who could write the most explicit insult regarding the other players feet.
The real revelation at play here is that bottled Wherry, very much in it's own way, is quite inescapably delicious. It's every bit as drinkable, enjoyable and memorable as it's cask cousin.
To provide more meaningful information to women when they are choosing their mode of birth, there is a pressing need to document medium- to long-term outcomes in women and their babies after a planned CS or a planned vaginal birth. First, it should be possible to gather data using standardised questions (traditional paper-based questionnaires and face-to-face interviews) about maternal septic morbidities and emotional wellbeing up to 1 year after a planned CS in a population of women who have consented for follow-up. Internet-based questionnaires could also be devised, to achieve the high response rates required for a full interpretation of the data. Similarly, it would be important to collect high-quality data on infant morbidities after a planned CS compared with a planned vaginal birth. A long term morbidity evaluation (between 5 and 10 years after the CS) would use similar methodology but assess symptoms related to urinary and gastrointesinal function.
And for those of you who are wondering, they did find cavities. Don't drink 2 liter bottles of Mt. Dew in one day, kids.
Maude Nichols in Michelle Sutton's POSSIBLE FIRST RESPONSE is Trinity Nicholas' grandmother. She is 1/4 Hopi, 1/4 Apache, and the other half is Caucasian. When she's not happy she has a deadpan look resembling Geronimo's portrait. Maude goes by Gram and Gramma and she's in her mid-80s, but she refuses to tell her true age and simply says she's older than dirt. She's not sure how long she'll be around and wants to see her granddaughter married off to a good man before she dies. Gram has also been known to flirt with young guys just because she had nothing to lose by acting flirtatious. She has a great sense of humor and loves to tease people. At the opening of the story, Maude mortifies Trinity by pretending to faint a costume parade. Maude's objective is to get her granddaughter to meet the handsome contest judge. Then as if she hasn't embarrassed Trinity enough, Gram drills him on his faith, whether he's single, dating, etc. Grams would drive Trinity to distraction by saying that no man is going to marry a woman when he gets the goods for free. Maude
That's it. That's all.
Big news! Thoughts?
I want to thank my Designed 2 Delight teammate, Kathie Zaban, for giving me a break with an anything goes challenge. This way I don't feel quite so bad about using the card I planned to use last week but was too exhausted to create. My sketch for this one, is from MTME's sketch challenge - and it went together fast and easy.
Rating: 4/10
Not once but multiple of times.
It makes you wonder what the league did not investigate about Prokhorov.Rather than end with a reporter-as-columnist's lingering question, why can't the Times do some investigation of its own? It worked with Megan and Jeff.
Chappell
Daily I get so wrapped up in "the little things" that sometimes I forget to stop and listen to His voice, although with the help of HelloMornings I'm getting much better at it.
That word is imbeciles.
The whole time I was listening to Sam , I have to admit, I was having a fight with myself.
The word, mother, has a profound effect on all of us. It calms our nerves. It soothes us just by saying out loud.It makes us feel at ease just by thinking about mom. It makes our heart bubbles with happiness. Mom is better than anyone else in the world.
So this birthday has been awesome for many reasons, not least of which is the fact that my last birthday was just before lots of things went to shit. But the less said about all that the better now, as it’s hopefully been pretty clear from here and Twitter and whatnot that things — while not perfect just yet — are at least on the up and improving.
Yeshua (Jesus) entered Heaven as the cohen gadol with His own blood so we could enter into a personal relationship with God.
You can also watch an extended “flash infos” from Thursday, May 3, which at the ten-minute mark includes video (without audio) of a visit by U.S. Ambassador to Mali Mary Beth Leonard to Interim President Dioncouna Traoré at the Koulouba presidential palace on Monday, just hours before the “counter-coup” began. It’s worth noting that, unlike many of her counterparts in Bamako, Ambassador Leonard has made a point of not going to visit CNRDRE junta leader Captain Amadou Sanogo in Kati.
My first dream was my second dream about my stalker.
Now let them boil on medium heat till oil comes out, almost to a paste consistency.
“That will give you a vantage to see the area?”
I am so happy to have discovered this one.
--I thought to myself, "Sweeeet ride!"
More likely, he'd set up an online journal, the diary of a man wrecked on a desert island. Daily updates would describe how he hunts for food and builds himself a shelter. One afternoon, he's walking along the beach when he finds a footprint in the sand...
So one volcanic explosion indirectly caused the Welsh to flee into the path of another. The events are separated by many years, but it interests me how geology and the fate of this population of people are connected.
Hugging you
Countless times I’ve seen girls passed out from too much alcohol on vacant blocks near parties. Usually, their girlfriends abandon them to pursue their own (unsafe) sexploits in the bushes and the dark.
“Well, Lieutenant, we have time.” She picked up a wad of lint and roll of linen. “Let’s get to work, and I’ll tell you all about life in the big city.”
But just as contrarians risk becoming too contrary, moving from “actually, death has a few side benefits” to “DEATH IS GREAT!”, meta-contrarians are at risk of becoming too meta-contrary.
There's no escaping the fact. In my day job I come across people's dates of birth on a regularly, if not hourly, basis. There are adults who were born in 1994. I was born considerably before that. So, we've got the just under 20's who were born in the 1990's, the 20-30s who were born in the 1980's, and you've got the 30-40's who were born in the 1970's. Then you have the people like me, born in the 1960's. You get a fair few of most of the above. But, I'll tell you what, I don't come across many born in the 1950's. Which, frankly, concentrates one's mind. If I'm going to achieve anything I better get a move on.
It's all in the way you look at it (by the way, I've used the positive ways of saying these things when speaking to my grandmother as well, but she seems to only remember the "negative" ones. I think I need to remember to ONLY say "I'm for..." when talking to her, thus making it much harder for her to accuse me of being negative. ;-)).
President Obama said something awesome yesterday. No, I’m not talking about his slow jamming the news on Jimmy Fallon last night, although if you haven’t seen it, click that link and watch. Whether you like Obama or not- that is a funny video.
Otherwise, this weekend I am...
The evening before the date, my aunt called me and told me to steer clear of my prospective date. She said he was crazy and not something I would want to look at. I called my cousin to ask her why she would do this to me, but she convinced me that her mom was full of it and that everything would be fine. Needless to say, I was a bit wary.
I've read it several times now and would buy it if it were licensed and available. It's an investment in time and less pure enjoyment than thought-provoking. Which makes it a pretty remarkable manga whatever the genre.
Others longed to see thorns from the Savior’s crown and even the head of John the Baptist. Wherever the relics went, miracles followed, or so the church claimed. Christian historians refer to the belief that such objects — or body parts — held magical power as “fetishism.”
die cut from Authentique, it was a no-brainer.
He crowns my life with lovingkindness
One so white and peaceful,
I normally do this by cutting a piece of cardstock 4 1/2 inches x 3inches (11.5cms x 8cms). Glue across the sides and bottom only and stick to the inside back flap and decorate. You gift card then slides in this bit!
I was thankful I did not work there, thus not running the risk of being chosen as the retriever. With my luck, the second I picked it up, someone I knew would drive by, honk and wave, and I, in turn would wave back with the hand encasing the object.
“I couldn’t go back to work until HR had received the paperwork that this was a mistake from my attorney,” she said.
Still trying to play catch up from life getting in the way.
As Haven begins falling for Lucian, she discovers that these beautiful people are not quite what they seem. With the help of a mysterious book, she uncovers a network of secret passageways from the hotel’s jazz-age past that leads her to the heart of the evil agenda of Aurelia and company: they’re in the business of buying souls. Will they succeed in wooing Haven to join them in their recruitment efforts, or will she be able to thwart this devilish set’s plans to take the souls of her classmates on prom night at the hotel?
Anyway,...I will post some of my many white pieces of home decor soon.
he cried then stopped, looking for distraction. and i reminded him that he was sad and letting his feelings out which helped him keep at it, getting the rest of it out.
Hollies I can’t let you go UK
But with a nation given over to a second childhood, still "sodden and limp with the ceaseless drip of adolescent propaganda," such grown-up analysis is a complete waste of time and energy. How much easier it is to cheer "Our Boys" to the rafters, and celebrate yet another victory.
If there were an unexceptionless law that the unemployed must become terrorists, then the non-Muslim unemployed youths who live on the estates of Britain, or at least some of them, would now be terrorists of some kind.
My husband and I visited family in Canada and the US and our house has been FULL of people and fun stuff going on so I was way too busy to blog.
I had a very interesting conversation with a sports journalist yesterday about, amongst other things, the media reaction to the Luis Suarez/Patrice Evra affair. Our discussion focused on the headline used by the Daily Mirror the morning following the announcement of the 8 game ban and £40,000 fine dished out to Suarez.
The genesis of this blog, 7 years ago, was a coffee-shop pact with 5 friends.We'd gather, read, and share, and on a local, nationwide, and worldwide basis, we began to "meet" other bloggers..
M. Mother’s name: Carolyn
Later, I got my bath and my salad and a little bit of the opening ceremonies. And, for good measure, I lit some candles and did a meditation and sat in quiet possibility for a while.
To see its upward flow.
Second, I would recommend you prioritize your efforts. It’s kind of the same as choosing your battles, but really it’s more about figuring out how to do one thing well then moving onto the next. When you know how to do something well, it takes a lot less time and effort than those things you don’t know how to do. So prioritizing your efforts will help you tackle that list in no time, whereas fragmenting your efforts across too many things at the same time can just lead to frustration and failure for the whole list.
Love never gives up, never loses faith, is always hopeful, and endures through every circumstance. 1 Corinthians 13:7, NLT
Turns out, Mitzi had gone poop (#3!) all over our nicest rugs. Not just one.
Stack her things in a tidy pile
Im happy i seemed to have gotten some new followers even though ive been dead, your kind comments on my older posts are also appreciated thanks for joining and im glad you like my blog, anyone with any questions feel free to ask me anything or even just introduce yourself if your new here.
Kapparot
Using a cookie cutter or a glass, cut out into 5 in circles.
Scrap your favorite most precious sleepy time photos with this dreamy kit! Regular price $5, on sale for 25% the first week only!
During our vacation in this summer, a difference in traveling styles between my husband and myself seemed to have surfaced more this time. Growing up in Tokyo, I am used to traveling on public transportation. Traveling by train is quite normal and enjoyable to me. On the other hand, my husband, who grew up in Texas, is used to convenient traveling by car and thus finds traveling by public transportation like trains a bit of a hassle. It is understandable as it usually involves transferring trains, which can be a pain if you have some travel bags, and not only were we tired from jet-lag, but also we traveled with our 2-year-old on a stroller.
The town looks pink, lilac and lavender in the early morning lights.
Anyhoo, to answer some very common questions that we seem to get asked, here you go:
Very happy about the progress.
Thanks for stopping by! Have a great evening and see you soon!
Linda Prince Mulleneaux is Managing Editor at Walnut Springs Press.
Whatever groups you belong to on Flickr can be on your Roku box.
RN: (indignant) “I’ll chew him one back!”
What I just described is definitely in the BDSM vein of sexuality. However, those who practice BDSM get sexual gratification from control. When done safely, there is nothing wrong with that. Joker, on the other hand, uses sexual gratification as control. He doesn’t care about getting off. He cares about making sure that all are at his power. And he certainly doesn’t care about the safety of those involved.
~You don’t HAVE to use the “Sugar in the Raw” either…you can use just brown sugar and white sugar if you want. I just like the “Sugar in the Raw” to give it an extra little crispy crunch.
I have been honest. We have struggled with debt, hospital bills, funeral issues, and just plain poor decisions...we have been working our way out of that for a few years and have made TREMENDOUS progress...I am happy to say that we have paid down our debt and will be debt free before long and have paid off our cars. We have a plan in place and are working our way out of debt. We still live pretty paycheck to paycheck but we live completely within our means and ALL of our financials were checked in our homestudy and they have deemed us worthy. Our finances are stable and we know God will provide.
Week 17 Change: -0.4
Shortly after the accident (I fell down the stairs in late Jan. and broke my left fibula; also tore ligaments all across my foot and ankle), I also had the displeasure of developing a nasty case of shingles. It started in my right eye, then traveled down the side of my nose, around my mouth, back up the other side of the nose, and then around the left eye -- blah! After 2 full courses of Valtrex did nothing, I'm now about half-way through a course of Zovirax, and it seems to be doing the trick; the rash is finally drying up and clearing. Fortunately the pain hasn't been as bad as I had heard shingles pain can be, but I have yet to experience what they call post-herpetic neuralgia; this is apparently rather severe nerve pain throughout the body that comes around the end of the rash. Goody.
All in all it was a lot of fun shopping and cooking with Niecey. She can be a pain in the butt to get to eat but I have noticed that the more she helps make the meal the more she is willing to eat it. Too bad that small helpers can make the job take a lot longer than it normally would! When I am not in a hurry though it is definitely amusing to let the kiddo help out, she is soooo proud of herself when she does and it is nice to encourage her to develop new skills and it is generally good quality time spent together.
I had over the years heard what the Bible says about homosexuality and persons who identify themselves as such. Now I began to understand what the Bible does NOT say on this topic! Because when I started to remember the Christian rhetoric voiced from pulpits around the churches, I could suddenly see a clear pattern. I don’t understand why I kept on going to the church. As I sat there in a new place, relaxing more and more, I started my studies of all the scriptures that speak of “homosexuality” and other “truths” and what I finally concluded, was that I did not recognize myself in these stories! I could not find ONE single verse in the Christian or the Jewish Bible that condemned homosexuality as a cruel depravity, I didn’t even find a consensual homoerothic relationship between two adults of the same sex as we know it today! Not a word! Here I had for many years gone around blaming myself, hating myself and despising myself for being a “stubborn sinner”, forcing myself to a life of celibacy! For that, you know, the Bible preachers blame the individual, without respect for how the message is perceived. I didn’t recognize myself in the story of Sodom and Gomorrah, I didn’t recognize myself in the story of Onan, or in other stories that condemn homosexuality. What I am concerned, I don’t believe that the Scriptures speak about homosexuality at all! It was not a big deal!
39. “Be Your Bro” by Those Darlins
And with the very marrow of your bones.
Geoffrey Fletcher, Precious
Just a quick coda to last Friday's post. It amused me to see the Timbers come out in a formation completely designed to use the size of the field to their advantage - just like I described Stoke City doing - by staying compact and packing in the midfield. The provided central defensive cover with Palmer playing just in front of the two halfbacks and they stayed compact by keeping the wide midfielders in closer. It worked and it was a bit of brilliance by a coach who knew the team needed to win against a superior opponent. Go Potters! It was cynical, I suppose, but the team needed a win in the worst way.
Let us set the scene. I’d said a sad farewell to my travelling buddies of the last two months after a wonderfully relaxing few days in Goa, where we did nothing but eat, sleep and attempt to absorb more of those deliciously harmful sun rays. When I stepped off the plane in Delhi, I was alone for the first time in a long while, and I really noticed the absence of my friends. Suddenly I was unable to make all those wonderfully witty comments that made them love my company so much (no sarcasm whatsoever. You know the witticisms I’m talking about) – instead I was thrust cruelly into a hotel room and expected to sleep there by myself?! The mind boggles. But I managed to cope; mainly, thanks to the inclusion of a TV mounted on the wall opposite the bed, with which I found I could happily while away my time with Harry Potter and Bridget Jones. Although Bridget’s drunken ‘Allll by myselfffff’ was certainly preying on my mind somewhat. Where were all the people? I needed to have a conversation, dammit!!
MY SYNOPSIS
According to the Addameer Prisoner Support group, over 700,000 Palestinians were imprisoned since June 1967. Over 20% of the population was affected. For males, it’s 40%. For women, it’s about 10,000 and for children around 7,000 since 2000 alone.
He strides across the Middle East,
Love Honour and respect
Trying to sort out my house after years of neglect, pushing, shoving, piling stuff everywhere in every room makes me think of those little slider puzzles I used to start when I was little. Notice I said start, not do, not finish, as I rarely finished anything like this. I would get it close enough to see that I was a few steps from the end, and would be satisfied to complete it mentally. It was good enough for me to know I could do it, I didn’t have to prove it to myself.
This past week we took a trip with Paul through the pages of Acts and landed in Ephesus, home of those obsessed with the goddess Artemis (or Diana). Paul and his crew had told the Ephesians about the futility of idolatry and instructed them on the worship of the One True God (Jehovah), Creator of all things. The craftsmen of the city did not like Paul ruining business for them by telling the people that idols were worthless; they also did not appreciate some random, uninvited Jewish man entering their city and upstaging their goddess with talk of THE ONE TRUE GOD.
I’m not a politician,— I couldn’t run a campaign for the proverbial dogcatcher’s position and win.
Now we need to understand what goes on within the engine when a driver lifts off the throttle and the subsequent effect that has on other aspects of the car. Unlike in road cars the driver in an F1 car doesn’t leisurely lift off the throttle and delay the braking phase. Instead the driver may be at near maximum revs, when he will simultaneously lift off the throttle pedal completely and hit the brake pedal hard for the initial downforce aided braking event. During the braking event the gears will be sequentially selected, further peaking revs as the car slows. This sudden closing of the throttles blocks off the inlet to the combustion chamber, but the cylinder will continue to pump up and down at a great rate. This creates huge stresses inside the combustion chamber and the vacuum created will suck air past the piston rings. This will rapidly slow the engine, creating too much engine braking effect, which in turns creates downstream stresses in the drive train and over-brakes the engine. The excessive engine braking effect will make the car nervous on throttle lift off, regardless of any subsequent aerodynamic effect.
Revised: Carly put her hands on her hips and stumped out of the room after her mom said she couldn’t go to the movies with her friends. (I showed you she was mad)
Sometimes, it can be helpful to use your preexisting network at your current place of employment to assist you with future endeavors. This can be risky because most people prefer to keep their job aspirations discreet. However, the people you work with may actually know some people that can help you in your quest. Be careful, only utilize trustworthy individuals who want to see you succeed.
Have you ever wondered what it's like to be in the audience of a television show? I sure have. So, out of sheer curiosity I volunteered to participate in the audience of Le Grand Journal, one of my favorite French prime-time talk shows. I was given a random choice of dates and picked the time slot when I was available. As required, I called back to confirm the day before.
1 barely
"A man jumped out and yelled: 'Who the hell do you think you are to want to search this vehicle, we are not in the era of apartheid any more'," Odendaal said.
VICE-PRESIDENT,
What is this Google book search all about? Basically, the Google book search is a very functional tool that you can use to arrive at the public domain book that you’re searching for. When you use this tool, the public domain books will be listed in accordance with the keyword search. You see the database of Google is composed of a huge resource of public domain books. More often than not, the public domain Christian books are available in downloadable formats while only a preview can be accessed to those books covered by the copyright law.
Today, I wanted to share my card for the Design2Delight card. Since this was the 1st challenge for September you can pick this image up for free at the Design2Delight blog.
In common with their rivals the front wing is a derivative of the 2011 wing. Albeit restructured to meet the newly doubled deflection test. Red Bull were late to the endplate-less wing design. Although they created slot in the endplate over the past few years, it’s relatively recently they upper section of endplate has been added on to the tips of the wings, rather than use a conventional separate endplate.
Alternate: Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen
Local knowledge is richer than any well-researched guidebook. Don’t be afraid to ask for help, tips, or to just set a conversation with a local. Picking their brain will teach you a lot about their customs, culture, and more. Plus, it can be a genuine local experience.
As she confides in the other housewives about what’s been going on with the pre-trial and with the lawyer, they all realize she has a crush on him. They tell Bree she can’t act on it, but when Trip (the lawyer) wants to discuss her case over dinner, she doesn’t decline.
With beer guys seemingly sharing all of yhe same interests and hobies, I feel it necessary to share my airpad experience with you all!
Romney’s SuperPack fund currently stands at $42 million while Obama’s has only just surpassed $2 million, showing the divide that exists between the two candidates. Romney, who has baked record low corporate tax cuts and benefits for outsourcing jobs, has received millions from anonymous companies and funds all eager to jump back into the good old days of conservative control. On the other hand Obama has made many enemies in the corporate world over the course of his presidency from Heath Care institutions to big Oil, leaving few affluent backers that feel another four years of Obama would benefit their profits. Or at least as much as Romney’s economic agenda would.
What will all this amount to? About 30 words in a book for reluctant readers on animals that do amazing things. But - and here's the real point - it is AT LEAST as important to do the research properly for a children's book as for an adult book. And although the book won't mention collagen or fibrils or MCT or any of that, at least it will NOT now say that the sea cucumber sucks water into its cells to make itself more liquid.
This was one of those times when you go into a film perhaps expecting too much, and it kind of feels like a let down. Before Ghajini, I had watched several Aamir Khan films in rapid succession including Raja Hindustani, The Rising: Ballad of Mangal Pandey, and Taare Zameen Par (and heard about the apparently incredible Lagaan), all of which I really enjoyed Khan's performances in.
Preheat the oven to 200*C/400*F/ gas mark 6. Line a shallow 8 or 9 inch baking tin with baking parchment.
If you don’t like Zooey Deschanel, you’d see a slug on your doorstep, run in your house and immediately break out the salt. You are already in the house, the worst is over. You’re just mean for going back…
5. Sambucol/Sambucus/Sambu Guard: Though the brand name may be different, and the ingredients may not all be the same, one thing reigns true: elderberry is a wonderful, natural immune system booster that almost everyone can take to prevent and treat things like colds and flu. In my opinion, it can probably combat a lot more than those simple ailments, but things like that are not evaluated by the FDA.
This is what it looks like now. The little brass rabbit followed me home from an antique store in Creemore last year. He's part of my-ever growing menagerie of vintage brass brass animals. He makes me smile and encourages me to run faster.
It is curious that a height is maintained, a presence. As it withers it will become more like the shadow it once cast and the shadow will wane but its height will prevail, steadfast. Wiry frame, languishing, idle in the wind. Hair, flaccid and brittle, clinging to a sodden forehead. Every inch of the body feels every pulse of the heart now close enough to the surface of the skin to burst forth…
For example a young lady we know is beaten by her husband. The only person in the world she told is my mom. She is beautiful, brilliant and qualified. She resigned her job because of the control her husband wants over her. She imagines that by submitting to his randomness, he will be kind to her and her daughter.
and azure blue
Since it isn’t time for another “Conversations With My Mother” post I figured I would share some knowledge from Cosmetology school.
Though the reports appear to vary a touch, they all seem to agree that The Incredibles grossed more than $630 000 000 in just the first six months of its release in 2004. What a shame that the super-book as it stands typically struggles to produce more than two dozen or so monthly titles topping even 50 000 sales each, with few of them ever discussing anything more moving and substantial than which-bloke-punched-who and how-much-blood was spilt?
I'm working on scrubbing up all of my new treasures
The first dress is an unusual spin on the well-loved checked dress. The hairstyle on the model in the second picture reminds me of Hagu from Honey and Clover.
And it was going to be all my fault.
I attended the Women of Faith conference last weekend in Anaheim, CA. Many of the speakers really got to me. God spoke through them and I finally heard and made the connection. I need to completely trust in God and let go of my will. I keep thinking "...some day" "I'll start later", etc. But nothing is guaranteed. So I started! No more excuses. I even was able to make an appointment first thing Monday morning for lab work. I fasted Sunday night and went in to the docs first thing on Monday and I am so happy that my cholesterol and glucose are GREAT! That was a burden removed. Now I know that my weight loss efforts are going to make my numbers even better. I haven't done major damage yet.
I know that this is a bit of an old book, but it’s been sat on my mountain of books-to-read for a little while now and this morning its time came.
While I was considering my position, I received a call from the senior partner in the law firm representing Associated Newspapers. He ever so kindly pointed out that trials cost lots and lots of money, and it would be such a shame if they were forced to take my house off me were I to lose such a complicated case. I pointed out my house was rented and I had nothing to lose. He then very sympathetically informed me it would be just horrid if they had to take my business assets in order to recover their costs should the outcome of the trial not be favourable for me. I thanked him for his concern, and pointed out that as a freelance working from home, my only asset was my brain and I was more than happy to put it to good use fighting my claim to the end, whatever the outcome.
The Luxe is the story of rich, spoiled teenagers living in Manhattan. The twist? It’s 1899. The main characters are Elizabeth Holland- prim, proper, beautiful, and the eldest of the Holland clan (and hiding a secret romance with a boy below her class); Diana Holland- fun, silly, romantic, and everything her older sister is not; Penelope Hayes- rich, snotty, and full of new money…a mean girl for the ages; and Lina- the Holland girls’ maid servant with ambitions of her own. The chapters alternate from one girl to the next, with each chapter beginning with a primary document. For those familiar with the Gossip Girl series, instead of beginning chapters with emails and text messages, Godberson begins each chapter with a ball invitation, society gossip column, or correspondence. From blind items in the gossip pages to scandalous notes sent from one character to another, the primary documents are essential to the book’s plot.
Attendees can go to anywhere from 3 to 5 workshops (the pre- and post-conference workshops cost extra, 3 are included in the cost of attending) and they are categorized into family/caregiver, faith-based, and professional. A pre-conference and regular workshop are held on Friday afternoon/evening and two workshops plus the post-conference workshop are held on a Saturday.
Remember that you don't do self-pity and whilst these are tough, hungry days - you’re gonna be OK though, alright?
With the rise of corporate agriculture receiving the majority of government subsidies and the class divide growing between the poor and the under-taxed rich, a once great nation (and possibly a great one again should they wake up before its too late) is stumbling and sacrificing their own future by ignoring the most important resource their children and their citizens.
Firstly CAMRGB offers the cooking lager enthusiast possibly the best reason to put twitter on your Smartphone. Simply because you can tweet “DRINK FOSTER’S LAGER” with a #CAMRGB hash tag and it ends up on their website. Who doesn’t want to spend all day doing that? As for the aims and objectives, I’ll let you decide whether you agree with it or think it amusing but harmless rubbish. It’s free to join, by all accounts, making it better than CAMRA but you don’t get anything like Spoons tokens so maybe it’s not as good. Who knows? I guess it’s up to you.
Congratulations ladies, and thank you to everyone for participating in our challenges and following us for these months.
It’s so very hard
The first part of my report is based on an activity I did last week with my students to review for their exam for the Civil Rights Movement. I’m big on graphic organizers and chose to use one produced by the College Board for analyzing historical eras called GRAPES. Students must use the information from the era to categorize it correctly under the associated letter. After I went through the explanation of each letter I then had the students complete a blank GRAPES analysis of the Civil Rights Movement. For the first five to ten minutes I did not let the students use any resources except for their brains and the other members of their group. I then let them use notes and reading guides we had used while covering the unit. I also made sure each group had at least one student with a laptop or Ipad because I did allow them to look up information on the Internet. It was eye opening to me that at least two members out of each group clung to the technology to answer all the questions while the others in the group used their actual reading resources and notes to help themselves find information. While observing I noticed some of the tech students were using basic search engines to try and find the answers for them. They then had to figure out based on the search results which website contained the information they were looking for. For the most part I believe our students are growing in the area of finding creditable and reliable information verses selecting the first website that pops up. However, I did have a few students each hour that tried to focus on one creditable resource such as The History Channel or Factmonster to gather most of their information.
Yeah, I've pretty much been wearing this on my nails for the past two months straight. And I'm not bored of it! Result! I found out a little beauty supplies shop in my town was stocking The Edge, so I snapped up another bottle as I don't want to run out now I've found my perfect vampy polish..
Invite your neighbors to the park and bring cupcakes. Kids having fun + little work = happy birthday girl and happy mama.
1120 N. Ashland
And hooked a berry to a thread;
About Thumbuddy
Weight - 251
Chaos, all but vanished,
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to react to stimulus in a perfect programmed way exactly how I have accepted and allowed myself to program myself in the image and likeness of this world, a world of abuse, and thus exist as the perfect system robot through reacting to stimulus exactly how I am programmed to and making me so easily controllable to remain exactly in the image and likeness of the system of abuse and never go out of line and actually start to support life.
The controversial blogger claimed he received complaints of rampant corruption in Selangor, saying that nothing had changed since PR took over from BN there.
This is a big year to renew and redo the home because Mr. B and I would like to sell our home this year. (yes...for real. Afterall, pharmacy school is now OVER!!)
A lot of it is saying the same thing over and over and over again.
The most to make me ashamed I am an American.
*Being a good citizen
"AL Central Foes" Minnesota Twins & Detroit Tigers
You told me that you didn't want to hurt me but I don't understand how you can't see the hurt all over me. The sadness, the anger that you caused but I am always apologizing for.
Beneath the statute on the stair.
But I must be honest that in the midst of the excitement, I can feel sort of disappointed that I'm not one of those mothers clicking the keys on my computer and placing on my Facebook status that my baby has a chance at a normal life, too.
Many people today are intrigued or engaging in the whole issue of Sexual Identity. Adults and adolescents of today are wondering if they are heterosexual, homosexual or bisexual. I am here to tell you that the Bible does not condone fornication, or sex with the same gender. It is not a healthy lifestyle to engage in. Sexual feelings often float freely, especially when you are young, and going through puberty.
The other good luck promo has a lot of free books being offered for today only. These are in a variety of genres from mystery to romance to fantasy and many others. No matter what your reading tastes are, you can find a book or two or three to load into your e-book reading device. Not all of the books are limited to Kindle, so this is a great opportunity for Nook owners as well. Here is a link to the page where you can find all these books listed. There are over a hundred, so have fun.
Two epic sci-fi games dueled yet again but the force simply wasn’t strong with Star Wars Kinect as it traded places with BioWares monumental end of the Mass Effect trilogy.
amy seeley: thank you . initially i was taken with the stories of pioneers in the early days of montana (where i was born and raised) . the more i read about these early explorers, the more i felt my own story resonated with theirs : notably, the struggles and the discoveries . so really the album was born from this place of being drawn to history, both on a larger scale and a more intimate exploring/writing about my own personal past . the common threads between their internal landscapes and my own i would say for the most part were the wrestlings and losses, times of heartbreak .
Let me first say... For me, the SOUR beers tasted out of pace compared to the assigned Saison yeast profiles. Not totally a bad thing, but I really wanted to taste a spectrum of beers JUST brewed with this years themed yeast.
And there are others, that were part of our longlist or shortlist that I couldn't mention at the time, so I'm now going to rave about a few more! The Prize was given to Gregory Hughes' striking debut, Unhooking the Moon, but that were some other corkers on the shortlist.
The lawyer for the accused did comment during his cross-examination of the CID blokes that it was “difficult to work out who should be in the dock” and the judge said that this should be deleted from the record.
The "Writer Is Just Another Word For Loser" mouse pad. Come on, you know you think it. You may even say it out loud sometimes to your staff (if you have staff, that is; we know that plenty of you are just manipulating a web of aliases). A bargain at $10.99, our useful mouse pad lets you affirm this uplifting truth on a daily basis, while keeping it absolutely discreet.
Power of Human Magnetic Field
Burdens? This and that?
speaking out about what we love
- The Game Boy Printer compatibility is obviously removed, so you can no longer print the photographs you discover in the 3DS download.
Anyway, we had a great day hiking and exploring. The hubby now knows what geocaching is and might just join us the next time we go. While we were hiking, we got pictures from my friend of her cat’s new kittens! We called first dibs and will be getting one in the next few weeks. Look for a post about our new kitten soon.
-What do you mean by “made by hand”? This
One tinkled onto the desk. It was the size of a pigeon’s egg.
What thoughts do you have for writers interested in setting a story during middle school?
ONE DIP SET PER CUSTOMER ORDER!
Need To Watch Rating 8.5
Harry only worries about the essentials, food and water and getting lots and lots of rest. I'm going to try that this weekend while I'm home in Belleville. Tyler and I are going to do as the rabbits do!
living in constant fear
BLITZER: Based on my conversations with very high U.S. officials,
Thursday, June 7
- Both babies successfully maintained their own body temperatures in their shut-off isolettes and are now in open-air cribs.
I know it doesn’t bother them
I wandered outside to cool off just after this event and met Nacho and Keg boy on their way inside. They told me about the neighbor and how he yelled at them for keeping his kids awake. Now mind you this was a Friday night and this guys kids were a freshman in college and a high school junior. I doubted seriously either was in bed and as I explained this to my friends another car, or maybe two drove by and honked at the three of us. I was dressed as a magician.
This contemplation may begin at the level of the mind but in time it descends into the depths of our being and takes us over completely. It pervades our feelings and perceptions as well as our thoughts.
She hissed with the pain in her ankle as she twisted and stood, holding her ground against the thing. It laughed lowly; the sound seemingly coming from all around her. A trick for amateurs.
so in a nutshell, that’s how i ended up completely lost.
5228 South Harper Avenue
However, I am coming out of the writing coma now. My insomnia has been much better since I got bronchitis (go figure), and I feel like I'm waking up in more than one way. I'm taking some time off writing, and I can feel my thoughts re-shifting back to health and fitness. I am tired of losing 2-3 lbs a month. I'm tired of seeing no real progress in pictures. I am tired of injuries and distracted exercise sessions. I am tired of eating while my mind is on something else. I am tired of being in the 180s. I am tired of losing quarter inches in my measurements every month. I am tired of wearing the same clothes I've been wearing for four months, because I haven't gotten small enough to need to replace them. I am tired of my size 16s.
But, anyway, in the mental picture of her I carry around in my head, she is in high school. And then later in some other good films, a grown-up, but still youngish woman.
~*Blessings*~
The disruption, of course, is aimed at more than the general population. The strikes and other unannounced work stoppages cause electricity and water service outages frequently. Many of these are deliberately timed for late afternoon, to maximize discomfort for tourists checking into hotels, for restaurants preparing evening meals (it’s tough to cook and wash dishes without electricity or hot water), for merchants trying to make sales at the peak shopping time of day (electronic cash registers and inventory systems go “down” when the power fails), and so on.
I’m slowly working on finishing my collection. I have all of them from when I was little. When I was in college, it started getting hit or miss. Sometimes Grandma would forget who she had given them to and who she hadn’t (there are about 20 of us). I think there are about 6 or so houses I’m missing with a handful of the ‘special editions’ that I don’t have. The year I graduated from high school, the addition was a school. I went to college to be a teacher, so it’s funny to me that I managed to NOT get the school :)
A day or two before my first test, an official "beard waiver" finished being processed based on a request from someone in the Art Department on behalf of the painters. The terms of the request, though, were that the painters had two weeks to take pictures of me for painting reference, and then the beard had to go. I took my test.
AWP: How do you define style or fashion?
I will toddle off to the washroom and just tuck the hair back today. The office is a bit of sauna today, so the hair really won’t stand much of a chance. We have been having issues with the air conditioning. I find in the winter the air conditioner seem to work extremely well. Not so much when the weather gets warmer. But it is now pushing close to 80 degrees in here and it is not yet 8:30 AM. Hard to work when it is this hot. Yikes!
Ensure acting is what you love because it will be a lot of work and sacrifice for a little amount of success, at least in the beginning. You have to love acting because it will cost time and money, without immediate result. You are doing it because you love it and it will take a long to time to turn that love into success. In today’s world of instant gratification, this seems to be a difficult concept for people to realize. People attend college for four years to obtain an above average job, twice that to be a doctor or lawyer, but for some strange reason many people think to be a successful actor would take less. You will be up against veteran actors, naysayers and haters.
The truth has been so twisted and turned that our belief system in America has become our biggest enemy.
I do expect the writers to be able to identify and fix errors in punctuation or grammar. I expect them to develop an ear for awkward sentences. I think each writer has to be able to do this without help (for the most part.)
Then....there was a soft patter on the kitchen door...so softly it sounded like a little fly just knocked...but miss Moussie..who always notices everything... .noticed it....
I called Paul’s name, and spread my body out as much as possible, holding my cherished camera above my head.
His first performance with Ibex was on August 23rd, 1969. At Freddie’s instigation the band changed its name to Wreckage by October. The band broke up in 1969, but not before they had played a concert at The Sink (in Liverpool) where they played an encore with both Brian May and Roger Taylor.
Heat little oil in a pan and fry the mustard seeds...
Boil a lot of salted water, then add noodles. Cook 3-8 minutes, or until done (each type has a different cooking time, so follow the package directions if you're not used to the ones you have). Drain and rinse with cold water, then return to pot and toss with oil and vinegar. Set aside.
216) processing a box of corn from the farm .....made easier with my new knife
Meeting the wolves.
Death exists, but Christ is the resurrection and life. By his grace I shudder at the sound of these words. By his mercy my once-dead soul believes in what sounds foolish to the world. I pray that by his strength I might be like Jesus to whomever God sends me.
Yeah, I have no idea how it goes, but I'm sure it has something to do with failure.
- Scouting craigslist to see if we really do want to move
In the meantime, the roast is (hopefully) thawed, the stockings are ready to be stuffed, the presents are wrapped, the significant portions of the house are reasonably cleaned, and following my KISS program of holiday coping I have a box of crackers, a sliced brie log, and a jar of spicy tomato jam from my pantry for the potluck tonight, so I am relaxing with a cup of chai (maybe I'll have two!), and reading some mags the rest of the afternoon. Merry Christmas to all.
In case you are in the market of network marketing you need to make sure that you may have a plan that may be sensible so you stay with. You must think of this as the company and placed up to you can in it if you would like become successful.
Looks awesome right?
Hilton is a local farmer who has recently set up shop in our town, selling his organic vegetables to people like me who are dying to have a real farmers' market. For $20, you bring your own bag and he fills it to the brim with produce. This week, I came home with green beans, tomatoes (red and green), a variety of sweet and hot peppers, turnips with greens, cucumbers, broccoli, oranges, spinach, butternut squash, carrots and onions.
You are whole.
On April 8, 1991 Steven Staley was found guilty of capital murder. He was subsequently sentenced to death on April 25, 1991. Prior to his conviction, Staley had given a written statement implicating himself in the shooting. Tracey Duke was sentenced to three life sentences in Texas and an additional 30 year sentence in Colorado for murder and armed robbery. Brenda Rayburn, as part of a plea bargain, was sentenced to 30 years.
Obama blames others? What I see is a man who steps up to responsibility, on the economy, on the budget, on our wars, on social issues, though they are all situations he inherited. He engineered a new budget through Congress — a task George Bush couldn’t get done — in the midst of the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression. He went to the Capitol to offer to work with Republicans — an offer they promptly repudiated — and he has soldiered on trying to get America’s course straight without their help since.
She lives close to caverns and stalactite grottoes.
Picture twenty-four lesser thrones surrounding the great thrones on the right and the left and twenty-four elders clothed in white and wearing golden crowns sitting upon those thrones.
Stage 3 spanned roughly 3 hours, 22 minutes; I worked on and off throughout the day, taking breaks to rest my hand. It's filling out again, but my thumb got to the soreness point of staying indented when I pressed on it.
On Thursday 18th August 2011 - 5.30pm
The post about Instant Space project manager Max Humphrey's early influences is on the way. When I asked different designers and artists to share childhood memories of color, several of them, including Max, mentioned a sort of epiphany when they realized that colors can't clash.
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up.
With not less than a quart
The way in which Doughty retreats from funding the club is therefore vital to its ability to move forwards. If he reduces funds quickly there will need to drastic cost cutting around these big name, high cost players which leaves little manoeuvre for squad re-building and the likelihood that these players though well paid will become disenchanted and de-motivated as the club collapses around them.
They will call the curtain.
Eugene Robinson writes for the Washington Post Writers Group. eugenerobinson@washpost.com
One of my favorite things about these art surveys is getting responses that are outside the lines, such as when I ask for a favorite art book and get a list of more than 30 from a single participant! The artists included in this post did their own thing, as artists are known to do, and answered just outside the box.
You’re the most important in my life
yourselves living carefree in murder of children, worship of a “god” sized
2 bringing
Village dogs in Africa are intermediate between wild canines and domesticated ones. Studying their genes will not only tell us more about the history of dogs but could also lead to the discovery of genes that affect human and canine health. There's less than a month left to fund this project.
52. Egypt Game, The: Zilpha Snyder
But mostly I cried because for two weeks I had felt like ME again. The one who wears no bra and flip flops and likes to sing while skipping down a Brooklyn street to get a bagel while stopping to talk to everyone about everything. The one who has giant shiny steely balls of wonder and fearless glory power (well, most of the time).
So that's how this a baby adventure began for us, and here's how I felt two days after that fabulous comment.
Here’s the synopsis:
Hey Sweeties :)
Lastly, a fan got a picture of Miley Cyrus from the set of So Undercover!
until the next meal is served.
At a Media Institute luncheon in Washington, D.C., Lake said that while TV stations are doing better than they were in the depths of the downturn three years ago, not all are sharing in that “relative” recovery. Lake said that broadcasters in Las Vegas for the National Association of Broadcasters convention “hammered home” to FCC staffers in conversations that even among the major broadcast groups, economic conditions varied widely. He suggested that some of those groups include smaller, struggling stations, as well as strong ones. Then there were smaller independent stations that faced a “harsher reality” than others.
Drop Smiley off at a friends house
Result?
It’s not just the spectacularly bad sex that makes you cringe; it’s also the crazy sense of entitlement undercut with glimpses of self-doubt managed, one guesses, by anti-anxiety medications. How else to explain Hannah’s situation at the table with her parents as they announce they’re cutting her off financially? When she protests that she’s not done writing her memoir (!) she explains, “I think I may be the voice of my generation.” But then she backs up. “Or at least a voice. Of a generation.”
away the blossom
Talk to your location and see what their policy is in case of rain - whether a sun shower or thunderstorm. Do they have tents available or do you have to go through a tent rental company?
5) Both players should agree on whether the resulting compound statement works or not. If the statement works, you discard the three cards used in the turn, and go again. If the statement doesn’t work, you keep the cards in your hand, and lose your turn.
Trembling, I open the case because I don't believe it. A million thoughts are running thru my mind, not all so good - mom, friends, pregnant and not married - some scary: I'm going to get fat!!! I start reading...
People flew and drove many miles to be with Bluebird on her special day. My granny and my aunt flew down from Seattle the night before, their flight getting in at 10pm and settling into their hotel room at 11:30pm. I drove to their hotel to spend some time with them that late evening because they had to leave a few hours after Bluebird's baptism to catch their return flight home. It was so good to see them, and then my aunt said, "Turn around."
In a large stockpot, add 1 tbsp oil and saute the onion and garlic for 3-5 minutes over medium heat. Add the green curry paste and saute for 1 minutes to fragrance the onions and garlic.
weight
I would also like to enter this in the following challenges:
Click on the first icon which is a little clock. A graph will appear showing you what times you have the most visits to your shop. If you hover over a specific time it will also tell you how many visits! Viola, you now have good information as to when to list new items in your store!
Current Status: Not making good use of my influences, my Oyster is being abused, you don’t know my style, I cut my hair more often than I produce a masterpiece, I’ve got more skills than I know, I rate myself (LMAO), my work is becoming a slow process, “work can still stand the test of Time”(quote R. Amoako-Hene)
- Sewing needle
Eagle's Egg by Rosemary Sutcliff
MAY I share something funny?
Off to home depot to find a cover, walking around in the plumbing section for 20 minutes I realized I needed some assistance so I rang for help, low and behold this young man came to my rescue. With his pants hanging past his ass crack and no belt to get them in place he attempted to examine what I had to no avail. He needed some help too, so off through the store we go. There standing in the isle was this skinny long haired guy on the phone with customers all around him and with me the kid with his drawers hanging off his hips.
May Day, which is related to the Celtic festival of Beltane, traditionally celebrates the first day of summer in the wheel of the year. (The summer solstice, which we call the first day of summer, is what they called mid-summer.) Pagan festivals weren't too popular with the Puritans so it never caught on here in the U.S. and isn't celebrated much today.
Before the Senate Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy, and Consumer Rights, AT&T’s CEO, Randall Stephenson said the company’s broadband plans signify almost “55 million more Americans than our pre-merger plans and millions more than any other provider has committed to service.”
Games Workshop is big. There´s no doubt about it. They have created their own market, and keep on top of it with a talent for quality. GW´s figures are just splendid. The style may not suit everyone´s tastes, specially when you are getting old and want to see new, different stuff, but noone can say they are not quality product.
Pop back here on 20th May 2012 to see who came top 3 and winner
Day 7 – Favorite interaction or facial expression of a Sim
That gives a shit
Accent mats with the daffodils or make floral backgrounds. Use them with the stems and leaves from "Spring Basket". Or layer them over the bunches in "Spring Basket" for lush, mixed bouquets.
Let’s do it again in four years.
This recipe is one of my favorites, it never fails to please. It also keeps well, and the breaded cutlets make an excellent snack or sandwich later. I have made this for fancy dinner parties, intimate dinners for two, family gatherings, etc. and in all cases, it was a winner. I like to pair it with Colavita Fettucine Nests because the dried pasta ends up so tender, and the nests are perfectly divided into quanties for each person. So if I have 2 people, I use 2-3 nests, and so on...and the proportions work well.
The Chardham is one of the most religious excursions for Hinduism. It comprises of four pilgrimage places namely Yamunotri, Gangotri, Kedarnath and Badrinath. Among Hindus Chardham Yatra is considered to be a journey of moksha where one accepts his activities, search for blessings of almighty and finally returns with serenity of mind. All these four places are associated with various mythologies and have high religious ethics. One may however commence his journey from Haridwar or Delhi. It is advisable to proceed after having a holy dip in holy river Ganga. All the places are situated in the Garhwali Himalayas region of Uttarakhand.
“Think nothing of it,” Mr. Bowen assured her. “I’m more than glad to help out.”
Population Communities thought to have dropped throughout much of Northern America with the downing of old-growth jungles. Reproduction numbers outlined as vulnerable in The state of kentucky and as of special dilemma in some midwestern and southern declares.
I look where he lies white-faced and still in the coffin—I draw
4. Wild caught mahi mahi, $2.97/lb. at Sunflower (through 2/2/11)
3. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking soda and salt. Set aside. In another large bowl, whisk the egg and sour cream together. Add the wine-chocolate mixture to egg mixture and whisk just until combined. Add flour mixture and whisk just until incorporated. Using rubber spatula, fold the batter until completely combined.
We still need to give them a coat of gloss to get them nice and shiny, but we are already both loving them! I am so glad that J convinced me to be fearless with color and now I'm ready to wholeheartedly embrace it...I want to add color everywhere...pillows, artwork, tablescapes...all in the works!
N- writes then of the ‘scientific average man’, the ‘scholar’, the Kuhnian ‘normal scientist’. ‘he has industriousness, patient acceptance of his place in rank and file, evenness and moderation in his abilities and needs…’ These people are not to N-’s ideal it seems. For N- the genius is one who ‘gives birth’ to something novel, completely opposed to the ‘mediocrity’ he perceives in most scientists and scholars. ‘The worst and most dangerous thing of which scholars are capable comes from their sense of the mediocrity of their own type…’ There seem few sins greater for N- than being ‘mediocre’, normal, regular, standard, and comfortable with it.
I should have grabbed all of these that I found and declared that I was collecting the set. But instead I found 2 Dodgers that I needed (maybe a third -- I don't know WHAT to do with that Charlie Neal card). I also nabbed the Marv Throneberry, because I really should have one in the collection. Also, Joe Garagiola of NBC's Game of the Week was a big part of my childhood, so I took that card, too.
"You can't be nervous."
It’s one of the more noxious ironies of Pikesville that so many of the people who oppose social welfare and public housing for minorities have feelings bordering on affection for a welfare system every bit as blatant and of more dubious social value. We Jews are commanded to devote our lives to the Torah, and some Jews take that command extremely literally. Men are discouraged from having jobs and instead become acolytes to their Rabbis, the more intellectually capable men study the Torah every day, devoting all the hours of their adult lives to studying the books of the Bible and the 2000 years of commentary accumulated around them. The less intellectually capable spend their days raising money, trying to pester other Jews into coming back to orthodoxy, and patrolling the streets for ‘undesirables’ during the neighborhood watch. Their women exist merely as vessels to birth more Jews, and the average ultra orthodox family currently births roughly 7 children per household. If they need money, it is the woman, not the man, who is expected to earn a living in addition to raising her children.
Finally, here's something that might give a chuckle:
—April 13, 2006
I went for a long walk/run yesterday, more walk than run actually because Christmas has screwed up my running routine completely, which is O.K cos I’ll get back on it in the New Year
I woke up early this morning (surprise, surprise) and went for a refreshing run along the beach – from Bondi to Coogee. I was amazed at how far I had managed to run, expecting my fitness to be less than impressive. I think it is important for an actor to be fit physically and mentally so that they can best tackle some of the challenges that lie before them in their working lives.
Senior sources report there is still chaos in the Western corridors of power, especially Washington D.C. because of the impending bankruptcy of the Federal Reserve Board.
