A sixth time the train door opened. This time another young woman entered. Her dark hair was tousled and her mascara left dark streaks around her eyes. Her clothes were expensive looking, but grimy. She also had the look of someone who wasn’t sure where she was. The stench of stale alcohol was strong on her, and the first passenger rubbed her nose.
Candidates, please take your podiums while I tell you more about how this debate will work tonight.
Special Discount offer for our readers/fans:
allegedly towed her in a plastic
After the coloring was done, I did highlight using the marker BG000 and blended with a Colorless Blender. After coloring, I added a fun cotton ribbon, a button and some twine and... ta da!! A card ready to send that celebrates a time that is almost here... SPRING!!! Who's not cheering for spring?
Sometimes i forget that.
However remembering names is only part of the problem. The name usually needs to be associated with a face. Linking the mnemonic to an image of the individual will work, if you can do it. Another technique that was advocated by the famous mnemonist Harry Lorayne was to link the mnemonic to something conspicuous or salient in the person’s face.
Judith Florence Hofmiller, 53, Brookfield, Conn.
Anyway I digress.
I think Mantel found a bold but all new sight on British history. Wolf Hall is not a piece of historical fiction from the rack but a work of epic force, sharing new ideas, which very well deserved a prestigious award like the Booker prize.
At launch the PS Vita will set back UK gamers around £209.99 (RRP £229.99), while the 3G version will launch a little later for £259.99 (£279.99). At the time of writing, the cheapest deal for the PS Vita is £197 at ASDA, while Amazon have matched that price.
So what does all of this have to do with financial independence? Everything!
40. Piano Man -- Billy Joel
Long story short, both trains take you from Asakusa Station straight to Tobu Nikko station (there are a few trains that require you to change trains, as for the directions you can clarify with the person at the counter)
Yield: about 1 half-pint of sauce
Road Race Help
And here's what we get instead:
payments)
MORALS: Sometimes the geeks are the bad guys.
But Paul Dacre (while potty) is straight. He knew what some of his lot were up to at the Daily Mail four or five years ago, and ordered them to stop. Most of them migrated to other newspapers with lower standards, and continued to ply their foul trade. Dacre was glad to see the back of them. Other mad people who welcomed them with open arms must be wishing they hadn’t.
No one, NO ONE, is exempt from living life, making mistakes and learning lessons. No one, NO ONE, goes through life alone. Every experience we have, someone else has already had.
She gives me cream with all her might
Wed 9/24 Pittsburgh, PA Mr. Small's
Pop over to Just Add Ink and check out the design team inspiration this week. Hopefully you'll find some time to join our Challenge too.
1x Harvey's Elizabethan Ale, brewed in 1953,
So the Olympic torch is on its way to London. Watching the lighting of the flame at Olympia, you might be forgiven for thinking it is a revival of some ancient rite. We have slender, dark-haired women in fluted white dresses and sandals looking like classical statues amid the grey stone of fallen monuments. We have the heavy symbolism of fire: the life-giving heat of the sun-god being passed by priestesses of fertility to relays of waiting runners who will bear the sacred flame to London.
And people still get raped. And people still die. And people still die inside. We’ve just gotten used to it because we’re afraid that our voices aren’t loud enough.
so can you really make a profit ... in less than 7 days
Unfortunately, these are TOO FABULOUS to stay out of. Two nice and thick shortbread cookies with a (real) lemon cream filling. Yummmmmm.
TY: Have you attended any writers conferences? How was this experience for you?
Nor is this yet the end of the story, for some ten years later, when the great playwright was in his early forties, the poor sap fell in love again (oh, those poets!); this time with a boy, a youth very much like himself when he was teenager. Like himself, this boy was an Earl and a ward of the Crown, having, like himself again, lost his father as a child, and who therefore had come under the guardianship of his own former guardian and present father-in-law. Like himself at that age, the boy was intelligent, loved books, and yearned for a military career. And like himself he was good-looking, too good-looking perhaps for his own welfare, as the many highly-charged poems dedicated to him at the time suggest. Was it his wit, his intelligence, his beauty, the similarity of circumstance to his own early life, that made the poet love the youth?
When I'm looking out of the window I see a lot of things. Like skyscrapers. The gherkine. Other smaller "skyscrapers" (in fact are just too tall to call them normal houses but too small for skyscrapers). The national railway. People appearing like little ants walking their way down the high street. Yeah, indeed there are many things I can see! But there's one thing that just recently caught me (while I was having a little artistic pause between writing my essay (still no end in sight)). There were these white spots down there near the little plaza and as I'm gifted with far-sightedness....they looked like rabbits. Is it because Easter is coming closer!? No, they were actually there all season long and I was just not that attentive (shame on me). And of course I needed to use this super discovery for another post. My new friends were the perfect partner for some posing (in fact they are amazing - no talking, no questioning, no complaining ... just staying as they are all day long).
Meeting Place: Right off Santa Monica Blvd at Formosa where the offices are located. Say THE LOT in big letters. Allison Anders will be in attendance to lead all supporters.
but we were hungry yesterday.
“皆” (みな). For some reason I just could not get this word to stay in my head – it was just one of those flashcards that I always seemed to forget. One day, however, I was watching Nausicaa and one of the characters had said it. That very moment something happened in my brain, a gear clanked right into the right place or something, and ever since that day I never missed that word when it was said – even if I didn’t understand any other word in a sentence, I could still pick that one out.
Since World War II, the nation has surrendered, incrementally, to two
Happy Friday !!!
Could there be a more poetic refutation of those Marxists who operate with a purely mechanistic, and economic determinist method, and who see in the words of bourgeois politicians the mere reflection of the interests of the bourgeoisie, or of some Capital logic?
I was on the high way, and no one appeared to be chasing me. My hands shook as I checked my camera. It was unharmed. Then I reached inside my pocket for the tape recorder. I pulled it out. It and my hand were covered in blood. My blood. The sensation of numbness twisted into nerve altering pain. An unimaginable, searing pain, pounded in my lower abdomen and back. I searched for where the wound was and applied pressure.
I do think I have had this since I was young but it didn't affect my digestive tract until later in life.
How far is Disney going to go with this? How many more years can they increase the price of the DDP and still keep guests hooked? When will guests begin cutting out or cutting back on out of pocket sit down meals? Eventually Disney will hit a wall and they will have to remain at a point that guests are still willing to overpay for food.
Robert Allan Hepburn, 39, Union, N.J.
Time and time again, it has looked as if the end is nigh but now we really do seem to be getting there. Ambrose seems to have reached the same conclusion, noting that "the tone of recent comments from Germany, Holland and Finland suggest that the creditor powers have already decided to eject Greece, causing great bitterness in Athens".
It’s not a peace offering. I really don’t know why I bought these gifts for you. Granted, it’s not much, but I still spent for these with my own money and I even put effort into thinking about you at the time despite the fact that right now, we are… at odds…? Could you call it that? It’s not a peace offering because I don’t really know if we’re even at war. I have a feeling that I rank pretty high/hold the top spot on the list of people you dislike, but that does not make me certain that you have refused to be civil with me on any level and that you have chosen to forget everything about the past term in which we worked together.
Then they added that little blue strip. The one that tells you the toothbrush ain’t good no more. Because we’re too dumb to go “…wow, this thing looks sorta nasty… I should probably not stick it in my face anymore…”
Dan J. Marlowe had continued to write in the wake of The Name of the Game is Death – indeed, for many, the years 1962–1969 marked the high point of his crime fiction writing career, encompassing standalone classics like Strongarm (1963), Four for the Money (1966) and The Vengeance Man (also 1966); see "Playing with Fire" and "The Gold Medal Corner" by Josef Hoffman and Bill Crider on the Mystery*File site. But Marlowe had also become friends with a real-life convicted criminal: Al Nussbaum. Nussbaum had read The Name of the Game is Death whilst on the run from the FBI following a string of bank robberies with his partner Bobby Wilcoxson, and was duly impressed; he wrote a number of letters to Marlowe (using the alias "Carl Fisher"), and once imprisoned (sentenced to forty years, he was paroled in the early 1970s), Nussbaum kept up his correspondence with Marlowe.
As many of you know, I absolutely love and adore Sassy Studio images. I'm always happy with the cards I produce with them as they are so easy to colour and work with. They actually had a DT call a couple of months ago but unfortunately it was during my blogging break and I was unsure if I could commit the time. I didn't apply and am now totally kicking myself! Oh well, I'm sure there will be another one in the future ☺
So. As this past year came to a close, I actually spent a pretty good deal of time thinking about what I want to change and accomplish in the new year. I'm not usually a resolutions kind of person, but this year, I just feel drawn to the idea of having specific goals that I'd like to work on. I've gotten pretty lazy in my own way (no seriously, just because I sew a lot does not mean I'm productive. Promise.) and I'd like to move past that and really feel like I'm doing my best, instead of just coasting through the days. I feel like my children are growing up before my eyes, and I'm missing it. I'm not saying that I'm totally changing my ways, I still want to sew and have some time just for me that way, but I need to pay more attention to what is happening all around me, not just here on the computer or on my sewing machines. So, with all that in mind, here are a few of my goals for this year. I figure if I post them online for all of you all to see, I will hold myself more accountable to them. The fact that I'm actually outlining them in my head is probably enough, honestly, but since this is so heavy on my mind, I figured I'd share them here, too. This blog is titled "I'm Thinking," after all.
centers on the Warrior Rayner. On his planet, he is a Forest Dweller, one that lives off the land as the Native Americans used to. At home, he enjoyed the freedom of the forest, and loved the idea of exploring and trying everything new to him.
I was planning on making 5 trips with plastic tubs in my hatchback to the city dump, where there's free compost (this stuff has been magic in my garden). On the first trip I met a guy who flagged me down, offered to help me load my car, then offered to deliver all the compost I'd need for a modest fee. Local landscaping companies would've charged five times as much. I was a happy camper who doesn't like camping.
Like NASCAR.
I was extremely pleased and impressed by the outcome. Proper evangelical doctrine states that everybody is depraved because of our sin – precisely the opposite of secular humanism. If we truly believe this than we must take that thought to its natural conclusion. We have nothing within ourselves to garner good deeds that hasn’t been derived from God. This is true even after being saved. The good we do is not of ourselves, but the Holy Spirit has enabled us to do it.
I spent weeks making fun of these people, but I have to admit, today I feel kind of sad for them. This morning, I got to wake up to a big bush of fuschia azaleas in perfect bloom out the window at my mother's house, and marvel at the beauty of the world. I get to sneak a bit of the perfect French almond croissant Nate brought me from the city. I get sit in the audience with my family and hold back the tears as Thalia's flits on stage at her very first ballet recital. Surely there will be ice cream to follow.
Then July 6th, we transferred 2 gorgeous 5AA expanding blasts to my uterus, to me! Those embryos looked nothing like the ones we made with my eggs. These were robust and bursting out at the seams. Within two days I felt cramping and felt that it had worked.
I work with small children. It's to be expected.
Jews, Catholics and Black Americans must stop with the slave mentality and stop supporting Democrats!
Pardon me whilst I grab my smelling salts.
As soon as you realise that the customer service person is not in the UK (you can always ask if you are not sure about the accent), very politely please (very politely - this is not about trashing other cultures) say,
Barry O'Brien adds;
M.S: The fairy tales, because they came from the folk tradition. They helped inspire much of the plot and gave it a depth and haunting quality that would be lacking if I had left them out.
4. The Blood and Sand
I would like to wish everyone a very Merry Happy Holidays!!
I'm quite proud of these drawings, pathetic though they might seem to people who draw naturally. I take pride in not sketching or checking reference photos, which leads to some drawings that look very little like what they're supposed to, such as this white horse.
Happy Summer to everyone! Well, I guess it's the unofficial start of summer! My kids had their last day this past Thursday. I know some schools don't get out until this week. We've seemed to fall right into the summer routine with being outside (unless its storming) and some swimming! I can't believe it's almost June.
Mount St. Helen's is an active stratovolcano. It is located in the Pacific Northwest 96 miles south from Seattle, Washington and 50 miles northeast of Portland, Oregon.
She turned on that significant YG charm to those costumed folk. They were grabbing her hand, pulling her up on stage, and hugging her at every given opportunity.
I put a casserole in the oven (the taco thingy) at 4:30ish, and the big kids came home around 5pm. Jimmy woke up around then, and Captain America came home at 5:30pm. The kids ate, Captain America and I made our food, and we all went about our various activities. We had Family Home Evening at 6:30pm, and it was all about the importance of Education. How we only get to take from this life the knowledge that we gain here. It was pretty good. Then, we played 3 rounds of Kung Fu Panda Uno. I won. By a landslide. It was awesome! hehehe.
Surprisingly those 100 miles to the south make a large difference in our temperatures... which means a big difference in our growing seasons. In Seattle cherry trees were starting to bloom, some of the early bloomers were full on beautiful... daffodils and crocuses were abundant... forsythia too.
Anyway 2 Sunday's ago Ramesh left his sparrow body for a larger flight plan/circle or his wave simply sank back into the ocean.
When I saw her new racer tunic pattern already had the flounce/circle skirt bottom, I bought it immediately!
I have also just signed up with a new web host and my site should be moved there very soon. Meanwhile it can still be reached on the previous server.
But, I called his name. And he didn't come. He didn't answer. He ignored.
If it didn’t Bring you Joy,
(we have now reached the point of this post.)
I’m a big fan of Jonathan Kellerman’s novels, so when I saw his new one, Victims, on the shelves of a bookshop in Bangkok last week, I purchased it immediately. Back in the States, this novel is only available as a hardcover edition, but luckily here in Bangkok we often get cheaper jumbo-sized “International” paperback editions of recently published novels, and that was the case with the Kellerman book.
3. Save as you plan – One of the best features PowerWallet has to offer are the coupon incentives. Not only can you plan and budget but you can also earn great coupons and discounts based upon your spending history. The PowerWallet system is designed to learn as you spend so you will only receive offers and deals that you actually care about and will use, helping you get more bang for your buck in the long run!
“Let me think biblically first…dating’s not ever mentioned in the Bible. Guess arranged marriages too care of that. But the advice of Prov 4:23 still applies: above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life. I remember that hitting me squarely between the eyes with reference to a friend who was “just a friend” and I KNEW it could never be more…but I still had to make some hard choices to not let my heart get hurt (again!). And some of those choices meant choosing to call/spend time with women friends rather than guys, even though, like you, I was often more comfortable with guys and tended to have them as friends. So anyway, guard your heart.
Basically The True Book About Space Travel was published in 1954 in London and sometime later that year they decided to make an American edition called : The Prentice-Hall Book About Space Travel. It was published in 1955. What I find fascinating is not only how the text was changed to make it more "American" but many of the illustrations were redrawn by Henry Billings. I thought it would interesting (entertaining?) to compare the original art for The True Book about Space Travel Illustrated by Gerald Quinn with the redrawn art by Henry Billings. For similar subjects they took different approaches.
City:
The elderly has significantly lower metabolic rate and their bodies do not absorb nutrients as well as before. They should have lighter meals consisting of good proteins and complex carbohydrates.
Next weekend I am giving my sisters their babies birth samplers which I am very excited about. They've been framed and are all ready to be handed over. I can't wait to see their faces.
It puts his mark into perspective when you see the names of some of the runners now behind him on the All-time HS 2 Mile list (Lindgren, Nelson, Virgin, Prefontaine, etc). His same day double (4:00/8:34 1600/3200) will set the standard for distance doubles for years to come. I look forward to watching him compete for years to come.
Just a mess of a show tonight, ending in one of the worst segments in quite some time. There was no buildup to Sacrifice, despite knowing where things might work. I did enjoy the main event, and Kazarian and Daniels attacking Joe and Magnus was well done, we’ll see where this goes, but everything else was just there.
People with food get everything wrong
An hour or so later a facebook friend of mine posted “From now on when X says the “f-word” we both have to sit in time-out for 5 minutes.”
Eddie took some time to chat with me on the day before his big bout.
(9) Celestine Rene Lawrence Guynemer de la Hailandiere, Bishop of Vincennes
The film is not without its flaws, mainly the anonymity of the rest of the prisoners. I know there’s not enough time to sketch out the henchmen, but they largely fade into the background and it might’ve been better if a few had been given unique gimmicks or something.
Once the cheese and marmalade are ready, remove the sandwich from the pan and allow to cool for one minute. Slice the grilled sandwich in half and serve warm. Enjoy!
Baseball for Big O is winding down, only two more weeks left. Sneaky E's season is reached the half way mark, and ball takes off for Miss O on Monday.
To make the gravy, place the dutch oven and mushroom broth on a burner set to medium high. Gauge the amount of liquid; if you think you have more than 2 1/2 cups of broth, add another teaspoon of cornstarch to the recommended amount in the recipe. Mix together the cornstarch and water until the cornstarch is dissolved. Bring the broth to a simmer, whisk in the cornstarch mixture, and stir until thickened (about 3-4 minutes).
Drink better and certainly drink good saisons!!
So then I just decided that I am going to have to name my own disease....ergo, I got Khartoum. Or Khartoum got me. Either way.
been a conservative idea
"Oh." Davy's girlfriend. "How come?"
Put this guy in your story and he's.. meh.. slightly interesting, but not original by any means. He's crazy old man Jenkins from down the street who has inhabited hundreds of stories similar to yours.
– Alexis de Tocqueville
And there is now of course also a suitably glamorous hotel for the secret assignations of the homburg hat-wearers, or just an excellent cocktail for the weary Londoner. I took the Accidental Father here for supper one evening when he was in town, and lost him to his younger self. I finally found him, snapping away with his camera-phone, at a series of brass plaques on the roof supports. Forty or so years on he could tell me the date they bore without looking.
So think about it carefully – and bear in mind that even students of impractical subjects can be successful. George Soros, one of the world’s richest people, studied philosophy; Boris Johnson – the mayor of London (at the time of writing) – studied classics; a young media studies graduate I interviewed for the graduate study guide is now working for the BBC as multimedia producer. The critical thinking skills you get from these degrees can allow you to get far in many careers.
People who debate the role of ‘nature’ (the DNA you are born with) versus ‘nurture’ (how you are raised) will say that BOTH are important in child development, and you cannot clearly separate one from the other. I say those folks overlooked the Princess Gene. We tried to raise Little Miss Adorable in a very gender neutral, non-traditional environment. It didn’t work – the Princess Gene took over.
"Why did you come here?" Rissad tried to lever himself up on his uninjured arm, only to gasp in pain and slump back as his weight shifted onto the mangled shoulder.
We are pleased to introduce you to this week's Guest Designer:
2 cups plain flour
No matter what you thought of. you are wrong. If you think you are anything other than a libertarian, you missed the point. You are a libertarian, whether you know it or not. The sooner we get more people to realize that truth, the better off we will be. Check out this quick quiz. Its only 10 questions, just check it out.
Crack open your tin of croissants. Unroll and separate into triangles. Spread each triangle with 1/6 of the cinnamon butter. Roll up each, starting at the widest edge, as per normal. Seal edges or not, as you wish. (I don't mind if a bit oozes out as it makes them even scrummier!) Place each one onto the prepared baking sheet, leaving plenty of room between each for spreading.
In 1940, Blunt and Burgess were living in Rothschild's leased three-storey maisonette as was his assistant at MI5, Tess Mayor, whom he later married, and Patricia Parry...both left-wing Cambridge graduates. Blunt was important here. Apart from his direct espionage work for the Soviets, he became a key middle-man in passing on data from the Fifth Man and sub-agents, such as Leo Long, to their Soviet Controls.
grow till tall
so that's it for today dearies, I have to study my lessons on my strategies in health teaching subject for tomorrow,,oh my,,I'll be home so late at night again then=(..
Life is good. God is great. I couldn't ask for a better life with my beautiful little family.
Turn steak over and cook on the second side until the meat is done to your liking. (I cooked my steak just under 12 minutes total for medium rare, but cooking time will vary)
KNIT ON!!!
Husband is tired. Can't go into a lot about it right now though. Soon though, very soon.
And that raises an open question.
Results: I think this may be what heaven tastes like. Seriously. For realsies.
Among the sparse trees, I sought for signs of farmers. While there were plenty of signs of their presence, hay stacked high, bullock carts left out in the Sun, bullocks grazing in what little grass there was along the edges of fields, bullocks sitting and chewing cud, charpoys laid out in the shade of trees outside rustic tenements, of the farmers there was but little sign.
This may have been the longest blogging break I've taken to date... it's been really hard for me to get back into the routine of taking photos and sharing little tidbits of my life after the holidays. PLUS I was suffering from a really tough first trimester... uh-huh that's right! We're expecting our number two (woohoo!!). Another little lady to be exact, our little miss Emma is going to have a little sister. I'm about five months now, we're due early July and couldn't be more happier (minus the fact that this pregnancy has been kicking my ass big time).
who actually are afraid of clowns,
Reflect and Respond:
And thats it!!
My last confession is towards my family, my parents. I understand what I have lost with respect to them and I would try correcting my mistakes. I am sure they will forgive me.
He said it was a mystery why they were out to get him, but suggested the two men had political motives.
What’s gorgeous about Wasque, beyond the insane waves that only a goofball (like my brother Tom) would attempt to ride, are the trails that wind through the sand barrens, and the chance to see a boatload of birds, osprey, great blue herons, and swans that abound around Poucha and Swan Ponds. We like to ride our bikes there and then take some long walks on the beach, or go inland on the boardwalk — it’s not a beachy-beach, it’s just Wasque-wild and super cool.
Booking events
I haven't had much time since then to follow up, but I will. The best part of participating in the challenge is meeting new people and creating new interactions. I have decided that I will do my best to recommend other bloggers throughout the year and give them the encouragement that Arlee and Alex have given me.
As always, to visit and support our wonderful sponsors, just click on their names. And to visit any of the winners' blogs, just do the same.
Just a bit about the name “Catching Fire”. Katniss’ stylist, wanting to ensure she is never forgotten, designs outfits for her and Peeta that spurt out fire. He says he wants everyone to remember Katniss as “the girl who was on fire”. During the games, when Katniss has run far toward the edge of the arena, the game makers send fire balls to chase her back near the others. I can see “Catching Fire” as a book about rebellion she has incited, as well as her being pursued by the government.
The Dow doesn’t reflect the true picture in the U.S. — let alone in Europe.
Your Score: 2
a frame;
The Apartheid government built ten Universities for blacks including Medunsa, which is a unique medical university that turned out 200 highly qualified black doctors every year. All at state costs, paid for by the white taxpayers. It also trained paramedics and nurses.
Happy Mother's Day to You
Lastly, I have to quote one line, “Target is covered in Nazi swastikas…I call it hostile”.
And he vanished in such a manner that he seemed already to have begun dancing.
Also noteworthy in this photo:
“Right now, we are being exploited. Nobody cares, though, since the length, quality, or even facts of our lives have ceased to mean anything. There are some 26 billion human beings in existence at this exact moment; all of us–every single one–is replaceable.”
The scope and enormity of the stone structures, coupled with the similarities in design and construction methods, indicate that a huge organized workforce was utilized in a relatively short period of time, -- almost in haste. The possibility that this workforce was exploited on a mass scale (in other words, slavery) by a foreign race from the East cannot be ruled out. Michael Tellinger has perhaps hit it on the nail by implying that a slave species existed, and that they were exploited for purposes of mining gold. It is a real pity that he has merged his narrative with Zecharia Sitchin-type pseudoscience!
I’ll watch the movie, I may even love it, but “end the zombie genre” because of its awesomeness? Nah, probably not. Romero has been doing good zombies for many, many years. Others will surely follow.
As a lot of you fellow bloggers know, on this wonderful platform that is WordPress, there is a beautiful place where the barcodes of certain bloggers are read by the WordPress gods and they are elevated to a blog world that is up on high. Now, I know the powers that be are trying to teach me not to covet things, but in the interest of full disclosure there is a small part of me way back in the dark recess of my heart – near the area that would like to win the Publisher’s Clearing House Sweepstakes – yes, right there, lives a small cubic centimeter of me who would like to go to this blogger heaven.
Instantly the crystal globe flicked on, switching through the Eligible-Maidens Accruing Ill Luck – the type of human her training had specialized in. In a small bubble at the top of the sphere flashed faces of vampires, goblins, and witches. With a shiver Hilda remembered she’d had her ball to the I.M.D.B. channel, for those In Magical Distress or Bondage. If she couldn’t even order magical rope to work right in a witch’s place of power, she wasn’t about to risk going up against a dark magician again. “H.U.L.U. channel,” she ordered.
It is important to make a decision for the holiday destination. Prior to the fair, flip through the papers for travel advertisements and do a quick read up on the travel destination. This will gives a rough idea of the price and the itinerary. If you go to NATAS with a "any-place-will-do" thinking, you are likely to waste time "ding-donging" from one booth to another.
That could be anything from their clothing and laptop to iPods, iPads, iPhones, CD collections and even electric guitars in some cases.
I petition to close the account and hope that no one tries to steal it again in the 30-day window before it's deactivated and deleted.
Mojo’s editor Phil Alexander and I discuss the inside tale of their recent cover-mount CD compilation – he offers a fascinating insight (which I’m not about to detail here) and we arrange to meet again to talk through a few other things before, once more, closing time is called and we end up trolling along together – towed by the tireless, BlackBerry wielding, Cummings – across Oxford Street and toward Portland Place.
For couples spending their wedding night at home try and get a key to their house or apartment and set up a romantic setting in their bedroom with food, drinks and maybe flower petals scattered around the room. Stay away from candles since you don't want to light them in advance and unlit candles aren't as romantic.
Bob Hardaway - Sax
Max is 14 months old now and I still feel like I'm just trying to survive on a day to day basis. I haven't had the luxury of lurking on IF blogs but I'm dipping my toe back in the water again. Apparently I can't quite give this blog up. It's too sentimental to me. It's too much a guilty pleasure to read back through and remember all that I've already forgotten (mostly the pain and worry).
* 3 cups cooked and drained penne rigate pasta (from 7 ounces dry)
We married on September 29, 2007, just two weeks after he came home from Korea. He had received orders to Fort Gordon, GA so I followed him there. Early in our marriage, we suffered a miscarriage. This led to another year of trying to conceive unsuccessfully and then finding out that I have fertility issues connected with PCOS.
The Classics Challenge: Book #03 of 75.
Lief
I recently discovered http://www.drawastickman.com/ an interactive game created by hitcebnts.com. The user interacts with the story by firstly drawing a stickman, and then through the unfolding of the story is prompted to draw other objects to help your stickman get to the end of the story.
And these are my decades friends, we're just only few here, others are still out of the country. I have a lot of pictures but i only want to post the pictures of my bro&sis and thanks to erlyn & irene for this great reunion and we really owe you these. I am so happy to see that all of us are successful in life and on field that we choose.
The man makes his way down the list, one by one, carving, tunneling, blasting.
When we are at point zero, and in despair, we are at the point of experiment. We must pick ourselves up somehow and we must make ourselves feel better and more comfortable. How can we do that? What do we need? Do we need a phone call to a friend? Do we need to get out of town altogether and go for a good, long drive? Something will speak to us of the good mother giving us what we crave, and we must listen to that craving and try to act on it. We must gentle our restless heart by saying and meaning, “I am listening to you. I hear your discomfort. I will work with you to change it.”
But what I love almost as much as how much he sleeps is how happy he is when he wakes up. It definitely takes him a few minutes to actually wake up, but after stretching and looking and scratching and staring, he looks at you like "HI! Let's play!". I was taking pictures of him sleeping in our bed the other morning and he started to wake up so I just kept snapping. This is soooooo him.
I had a dream last night...a couple of related ones actually. I always dream alot and remember most of them and I have always appreciated, enjoyed, and learned form my time asleep almost as much as my time awake. Weird, huh?
I was looking at today's header of the extremely well coiffured Mallard duck and it struck me, where are his ears? I suspect everyone but me already knew the answer to this. However; it didn't take me long to fill in this embarrassing knowledge gap, a birds ears are right where ours are, on the sides of their head. If you were to study portraiture, one rule you would quickly glean is that the correct North/South positioning of the human ear is the corner of the eye to the tip of the nose. Look real hard at the mallard photo and you will detect a small darkened swatch of feathers about the size of his eye at that intersection. I'm thinking the ear canal rests behind those protective feathers. I am now looking for birds ears everywhere, going over old photos trying to detect some slight deviation in the head feathers that give away its location. I have become a bird ear zealot, managing to bend every conversation toward this end: Have you ever wondered where a birds ears are? I am spreading this important information one soul at a time and I expect nearly everyone in Michigan will know the correct answer before the Mayan calender brings our world to an abrupt conclusion later this year. Sadly, some folk seem disappointed with the truth, as if they hoped birds had ears by their knees like crickets do. Don't shoot the messenger I say, it wasn't my call!
The broken heart of Mexico.
West Yorkshire Police conceded that the Guidance was unlawful, that its actions had been illegal and that it was liable to pay damages. The Home Office withdrew the on-line version of the Guidance and wrote to all Chief Constables pointing out the legal errors in the Guidance. However, The Bank continued to pursue the claim, because a more public acknowledgment of the true effect of the Criminal Justice and
Fitton's flummoxed. He knows these guys were dead. He saw the bodies, smelled the stench watched the death throes of two of them. His drive to solve the mystery momentarily easing the guilt of leaving Schuman in the cafe. He likes her, wonders if she'll ever go out with him again after leaving money on the table and deserting her like a mark leaving a prostitute the morning after. He shrugs off the momentary feeling of guilt and assumes the professionalism of the investigator that he is. For now, he'll retain the facade and try to find the bodies.
The Boers had in the interim developed their own culture and language - in fact the language spoken by the Boers of the Transvaal and Orange Free State Republics is one of the newest languages on earth. It is a language unlike any European language, and many of its words have origins in Africa - and not in any European language. Linguistically then, the language of the Boers was created in Africa - yet another indication that the Boers and their culture are indigenous to Africa, and not a colonial import.
The masculine wants the feminine.
Now if you are an emotional eater such as myself, you need to clear out your kitchen that may trigger an emotional binge. Get rid of the chocolate. Get rid of the ice cream. I instead replaced these goodies with other alternatives. I do have some Skinny Cow Ice Cream bars in the freezer on those nights I really do need to satisfy my sweet tooth. I have Vegan Boca burgers that are quick to heat up when I become down and do not feel like cooking. This keeps me from ordering out. For those that refuse to eat a veggie burger, pre-made turkey patties are just as good.
And thus ends the shortest post of the month, because I am all alphabetized out. I can hardly believe it's the last post. It's been really fun to write 30 posts about The Making and Selling of Books.
Vueling provides a service that mirrors traditional carrier practices including seat selection, options to book through travel agencies, loyalty point’s schemes, an extensive network and premium services. It’s even possible to buy gift vouchers for Vueling flights as special gifts.
Bad things-
Welcome to the first day of previews for the Craft's Meow Stamp Release! I am thrilled to be guest designing for them this month, and have lots of goodies to show you this week! I can't
so... how do you want to start your week? In spite of the circumstances we all have a choice! What are you choosing today?
The coordinates provided by NWSPTWC were: 18.6 NORTH 72.9 WEST. And the Quake Location Details according to USGS were: 18.428°N, 72.875°W
On Wednesday night, on the Fox News Channel’s O’Reilly Factor, Bill O’Reilly took on the subject of media bias, focusing specifically on a recent report by Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC which showed that she was less than objective when it came to covering Republican presidential candidates Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich.
Currently Bradley Manning, accused by the US military of being a whistle blower who released US secrets to wikileaks, is on suicide watch in solidary confinement in the Marine jail of Quantico. The authorities are using solitary confinement to torture Manning into confessing and implicating Julian Assange of wikileaks as a war criminal. If Manning is driven to suicide in jail this would be a clear case of political assassination and again prove the point that suicide for political reasons is a revolutionary act.
Concerning Character: As I mentioned, this one is more plot driven, but all of the characters, including the parents, were fully rounded, and each of the four family members played a relatively even role in the story, though it's arguably teenage son Reese's adventure. The dialogue was well-written and entertaining, and distinct for each of the characters. Without giving away too much of the plot, the alien characters, too, were distinctive, fun, sympathetic when appropriate, and scary when they needed to be.
she never taught me but, anecdotally, isabel dakyns was regarded by everyone i can think of that she taught on my course as about the best teacher at bpp. and a damn nice person to boot – her work was very practical and i’m told she went the extra mile for her students. people taught by her appeared to do well. she came across as pretty left-field.”
The writer of this huge project, Bob Shannon, wrote that he had to put this entire program together in four months and had difficulty deciding who he would interview for the personal recolletions. In the end, he picked the prefect subjects -- just plain folks that he found in malls, schools, even nursing homes.
A moment of weightlessness before my left knee hits the concrete.
So last week, I just happened to be out thrifting, and while I was there, I spotted this little beauty and I just happened to remember that article I read.
Well its challenge day again with THE CUTIE PIE CHALLENGE BLOG, and today its all about FLOWER POWER, and we want to see your gorgeous cards/projects featuring lots of lovely flowers
By Jillian Grey
Your team is down one game to zero in the Western Conference semi-finals. It’s Saturday night, and you have a game on Sunday that could possibly make or break the series for your club. All-season long the night before a game your coach has given you a curfew to be in your room in time to get enough sleep and be rested for game day. You and one of your teammates decide to go out and have a good time and you miss the curfew. You are also your team’s leading scorer in the first round of the playoffs and labeled as one of the best players in the playoffs. The next day, your team loses again and both you and your teammate are criticized for your terrible play. You have just one shot in the series and are a minus 3 through two games. Even during the game the announcers go out of their way to scrutinize your “unbelievable lack of effort.” Jeremy Roenick says:
And, doubly dying, shall go down
SZUCS T. The socio-economic burden of influenza. J Antimicrob Chemother 1999; 44 (Topic B): 11–5.
Our primary concern, like theirs, is our own personal comfort, rather than what is best for the poor and the oppressed.
I found a cute little Stork Charm for the boy card
So what did they do next? They invited this now reviled woman to defend herself in a second article. And watched her get shot down again. You may have agreed with her original points, or may have been pretty apalled at her article, but did no-one feel slightly sorry for her trying to defend herself? She is only writing this stuff to earn a living. Writers write to be read, and to earn their keep, pay their bills. What she wrote was hardly offensive on the scale that Jan Moir or Richard Littlejohn can be. It was misguided.
its taking over.
We´ll first deal with infantry and cavalry, and then with some special troop types like chariots, artillery and elephants. Officers come at the end, for they are pretty much player´s decision.
It's time once again to let it all hang out with an all-new volume of animated outrageousness! From the disturbed comic minds of Mike Barker, Matt Weitzman, and Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane, comes the always insane adventures of CIA operative Stan Smith and his wonderfully twisted family. In the 100th episode, Hayley elopes with Jeff! Other episodes include Stan on jury duty, Steve walking in on his amorous parents, Roger dating Steve's best friend, and yet another AD Christmas classic. Plus, there are serial killers, Turkish amphetamines, and evil clones - so, you know, the usual!
Catherine Deneuve in Potiche and Glenn Close in Albert Nobbs.
In New York City, flowers can feel out of character in a world of steel and concrete that is fast-paced and where utility often rules. After all, the streets of New York do not evoke images of the Monet's Gardens at Giverny, Boboli Gardens of Florence, or the gardens of Versailles. However, not to be outdone, New York City does have its own spectacular displays and like many good things here, they just have to be sought out. The Brooklyn Botanic Garden (see here and here) and the Conservatory Garden are worthwhile visits for anyone who favors nature's floral extravagance. There are numerous other smaller and lesser known gardens, such as St. Lukes, which, for those in the know, provide respite from the city.
Those meals and moments also made me greedy for more. I want more one-thing-at-a-time moments. I want more chances to give focused attention to what's in front of me.
He gives a graph: “The vertical axis is sales; the horizontal is products. The red part of the curve is the hits, which have dominated our markets and culture for most of the last century. The orange part is the non-hits, or niches, which is where the new growth is coming from now and in the future.”
Cookie Face Race
If it’s the first draft, I write it long hand. Rather than writing in a “space,” I walk around the house while writing. This is probably because I’m one of those people who hate sitting down for far too long. Not to mention that walking around makes for great, simple exercise.
The keynote speaker is Prof. Paul Liptz, a lecturer and professor at Tel Aviv University and Hebrew Union College. He has visited, lectured and conducted workshops in over twenty countries He has worked with many American groups as a Scholar in Central and Eastern Russia. Liptz’s topic will be, “From Yom HaZikaron to Yom HaAtzmaut: Lost Lives for the Jewish State.”
Here is the great prize from Jacobi
I called my bank.
6. Use it to get rid of the greenish tint that blonde hair gets after swimming from the chlorine. Just pour it on your hair in the shower and let it soak in for a few minutes. You hair will be looking blonde again after a few minutes.
But that’s mostly for girls cause
Rating instument
Rehydrate the soy curls in a bowl of warm water for 10 minutes. While those are soaking, heat a tbsp of olive oil over medium heat. Throw in your chopped onion & peppers, season with salt & pepper, cook until translucent. Add the soy curls, Braggs, nutrional yeast and pineapple. Cover pan and cook in the flavour for about 10 minutes. I turned my heat up a bit so everything got nice and crispy on the edges. Serve over rice.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to judge myself for influencing other people and their worldview through “selling” them the false information without realizing that they have made the choice themselves as I wouldn’t be able to really influence them if they haven’t have had the inclination towards this type knowledge
to share a mother’s care.
Owner and head brewer Jon Meyers opened Power House in 2007. It is located inside of the historic Columbus Bar, which opened in 1939. His beers are only available in this downtown Columbus landmark.
I do not fucking see that. If, in the darkest of nights, you smashed all the eco friendly light bulbs in my house and used the shards to tattoo, in braille, the words 'Jesus but some lady must have really shat on a certain Limerick man from quite the fucking height' directly onto my corneas, I could not see it less. Lots of people work hard. Jeffrey Dahmer worked hard. Take it from me, dismembering is not an easy job. Do I, I mean does Jeffrey, deserve a clap? Do, oh let the nightmare not come true, culch.ie deserve a clap? The clap, to go for the cheapest available joke, sure. But a clap? No, I say, and again no.
***Also, if at least 20 people create 5 cards we'll pick a second winner!***
Now go, check out the rest of the DT's awesome projects!
I am getting ready to graduate next week with my two-year degree from my cozy little community college near my house. I never expected this day to actually come. I pretty much thought I was going to be a junior college dweller for the rest of time. Alas, it is time for me think about moving on to the next step…transferring to a four-year college. Whoop dee doo!
01. The Sun and The Melody - Part1
- 1 1/2 tablespoons of plain flour
YUM YUM YUM NOM NOM NOM !!!
My disdain for 90s music in general has spanned the 3 decades of my existence, and my opinion on the subject will never, ever be swayed.
The sun's light looks a little different on this wall
In a whodunit, a murder mystery, one does not necessarily expect all the loose ends to be tied up, all questions answered, and the detectives to have all the answers in the end. But when some of the mysteries in the case are never solved, one at least expects the author to say so at the end. If the author does not mention them at the end, then one suspects that the author himself is unaware of the inconsistencies in the story.
WWE has announced a Divas Title rematch between new Divas champion Nikki Bella and Beth Phoenix at the Extreme Rules pay per view. The rematch announcement should answer the question of whether Beth’s injury on Raw this past Monday was a work. There is no stipulation for this match, however.
So rather than an intimate brush with celebrity, I got this autographed photo of the cast that I can pose with for today’s Movember update.
Reasons undefined
And I'll be posting details as soon as I have them for all you readers looking for love. And YOU, my loves, will get to vote on where the money goes, so stay tuned for that as well!
I've loved many pets in my life, but I've never had a bond like I did with Weenie Man. Every room, every piece of furniture holds a memory of the two (or three) of us. Whether it was him sitting next to me on the arm of the sofa while we watched TV, sitting in the dining room chair with us while we ate dinner, patiently waiting for a table scrap, or hopping up on the ledge of the bathtub and drinking my bathwater, he made his mark on every inch of this house.
So guess what? I did glitter a diecut, but I didn't use any Papertrey Ink products, so I can't enter this in the challenge!
At this point I stopped myself and tried to make a U-turn. OK, but what about all the good things you did today? When you got home, you sat on the kitchen floor with Rowan on your lap while he ate his bowl full of figs. You read stories and crawled around like a panda. You hugged and kissed and tickled and laughed. Played the toasting game at dinner. Had a mini dance party in the living room. You gave him a bath and sang songs. Marveled at how much he understands (and how much you understand the way he communicates his understanding). You just spent the last hour settling him down for sleep. And right now he is so cozy asleep in your arms.
So… you’re a merman. What’s that like?
At last month's general meeting for the NW Bead Society, Kendra Bruno, Executive Director for the International Society of Glass Beadmakers gave a fun lecture combining a bit of the history of glass beadmaking, along with overviews of the past and present focuses of the ISGB itself, including a wonderful slide show of their two of their most recent traveling art exhibits.
Alright... due to my horrible blogging I have a lot to share about what has been going on in our little world...
The horizon of the Moon filled Kostya’s vision. His short breaths thundered through his helmet. Awe laced with fear filled his body and caused the tips of his fingers to tingle. Fifty-three years since the Americans last landed. And now it was Russia’s turn to see what Earth’s satellite had in store.
After a busy day finishing with a meeting at 8PM...
But there were so many people you just had to meet
Thanks for being my new follower. See you all in a few days.
I DO NOT understand. No entiendo. Debe ser ilegal en Espana para tener algo que hacer a las ocho y media. (It should be illegal in Spain to have anything to do at 8:30).
Now let’s look at the iPhone antenna. The iPhone 3G was a “Quad band GSM/GPRS/EDGE” phone so it had to receive and transmit at 850, 900, 1800, and 1900 MHz. The phone was also a “Tri band UMTS/HSDPA” phone which required it to operate at 2100MHz in addition to the other frequencies. That’s a total of 5 frequencies ranging from 850MHz to 2100MHz – quite the challenge for antenna designers. What did they come up with? The antenna pictured to the right which was located inside the phone at its base.
Clutter free and free!
The devastating effects of extreme events can be reduced through improved readiness. Hayes said a “weather-ready nation” is one made up of people empowered to make life-saving decisions that also prevent devastating economic losses.
It wasn’t enough
So that's the meal plan for this week. Sort of. I'll try to be better next week and return to my usual daily meal/grocery list format. I intended to post a more specific plan tonight, but The History Channel sucked me in. I couldn't take my eyes away from the horror and sadness on the screen long enough to commit to a recipe.
I just know this year is going to be better! Think happy thoughts!
I met Bruce and his wonderful wife Jan during my treatment -- they came to Arkansas during the middle of my treatment after reading this blog and other discussions with friends and medical professionals. We hit it off immediately.
It was also my first try at hand quilting a quilt. I love the look and how it turned out, so I'm sure that I'll give it another try on a future quilt. For me, that's what's great about these swap groups. It gives me a chance to try out a new technique or idea on a small project and I get to make someone else happy with something made especially for them.
Rnd 1) ch4 (counts as first dc and ch1)* skip next ch, dc in next ch, ch1, repeat from * around, sl st to 3rd ch of first ch4
The new City Hall is a creative gem, with four stories and a compact 115,300 square feet, and will no doubt attract the attention of the international architectural community. Austinites are notorious for having an askew, “outside-the-box” way of thinking, and the City Hall, appropriately enough, is a playful piece of origami made of limestone, concrete, steel, copper, and glass, with planes and lines and angles running this way and that.
So... okay, my colonoscopy was awful, and it was an anomaly*, I know, because I have a super liver (still) that filters medications out of my body at high speeds, so uh, I may have traumatized some people.
The article explains how poor restaurants featured on Gordon Ramsay's show Kitchen Nightmares are an example of misallocated capital due to cheap credit and with cheap credit people with little restaurant knowledge are more likely to open places wasting valuable resources. On the other hand, I wonder if cheap capital leads to what I would call Cowen dinning dreams, after Tyler Cowen the economist who touts the virtues of small ethnic restaurants. My guess is with out cheaper credit, I wouldn't have excellent Burmese, Vietnamese, and Thai places within a couple of blocks. There would likely be more chain restaurants, backed by companies who are wealthy enough to take on loans with higher interest rates and have the collateral to get lower interest rates.
There are a few kinks I am working out and a finishing touch still waiting to happen but she is functional!
My mother, who was staying overnight for our big date - cleaned my whole house! best birthday gift ever.
So I will not allow the worries of what he is not doing yet rob me of the joys of what he is doing now.
Kind of like another blow to the prosecution if there is credibility to my words just like the first psychiatric report, although its maybe too late for the whole conspiracy to be brought out into the open, especially knowing Breivik will be in court for the next 3 months so there will be no more interrogations.
As a daily follower of your blog, I like to apply your tips to my home, but also to my classroom. I am an elementary art teacher. I have a blog for art teachers called "The ART of Education." A large portion of my blogging involves classroom organization. I wanted to share with you a post I did about organizing my desk drawer. I think many people think about organizing their homes, but their work life is not that organized, or the other way around! I am especially liking your "Organize in 15 Minutes" posts, which I recently commented on. Thanks for everything!
For my pink and girlie baby card I used the House Mouse stamp titled "Baby Shoes". I colored with copic markers and used foam tape to raise the image. For more dimension and texture I used my Cuttlebug swiss dots embossing folder and some lovely pink flowers.
- Proof of specialist or highly technical qualifications or Documents from an authorized body in the employee’s home country certifying their minimum five years specialized experience if such foreigners have no proof of qualifications.
I will try to remember to title them when I post.
finance the so called remodeling which are being implemented without
I had to get into town yesterday, prepare my mind, stagger my lists of our most dire needs, the idea was a quick turn around, the vision: brief inconveniences, but a zoom-thru. I was wrong. Every day is Black Friday now, every retailer anticipating the every need of the breathless consumer, too consumed in consuming to gift wrap the items being purchased. Thus, gift wrapping service is back, restructured in prototypical style for today's overworked workers - such as men's plaid pajama pants prewrapped for your convenience in a matching plaid flannel, gold-corded drawstring bag. "Just throw it under the tree". Many people will. (Then why bother to wrap anything at all?) I looked at them briefly, in sideways glances appearing to look beyond them, wondering what their lives must be like. I wondered now that unemployment benefits are on hiatus again, WHAT were they thinking standing between the cashier and the card reader, ashen-faced, waiting for approval. Approval. And believe you me, this place was not Neiman's. No, this prefab aluminum freestanding HVAC'd energy whale was only one of millions dotting the face of our tortured planet providing an all under one roof multi-aisled mall. You may call them by their brand names, but they bear little separation from their engineering department's prototype illustrated in the engineering manual belonging to the mother ship. That is why they all look alike and feel alike. The little guys just can't get on board unless they are too absorbable to fail, meaning they statistically clocked-in with a profitable niche and bear AAA rated potential for mass consumption suitable for whichever targeted age and income demographic is most available for pocket picking. Enter the Marketeers. This too is all in the manual as a No Child Left Behind sort of thing.
The house still exists and can be visited. If you are not a MacDougall, you will be allowed into the museum built in the old servant quarters. It is interesting but not worth coming to Oban alone for. However, if you are an MacDougall then you are family and are allowed into the actual house for a personalised tour. We actually had the Laird in waiting, Robin, stay for our tour. Lovely man. Reminds me of Tim’s second cousin Kenny.
How many times have you written your business plan? It’s important to have a business plan that you are happy with but it’s also important to not be afraid to veer away from it. If an opportunity comes along to collaborate with others, partner with another business or change your model, then do it if it feels right. With the changing economy and people becoming more environmentally conscious, it is sometimes worth being ready to change your business if it will help you reach your end goal quicker.
To complete a project you have to either have enough fragments for that race, or a combination of fragments and keystones allowed. The completion will give you skillups depending on the rarity of it, with a minimum of 5 points earned.
A printable recipe card is at the end of this post. Thanks, Susan
There were many personal stories shared. With each story, I couldn’t help trying to imagine what it was like, how I would feel.
The snow-covered landscape seems surreal--
I've tried the new moon tilted in the air
In his honor, for centuries, in Tibet, Nepal, India and South Asia, it is a time for meditation, and chanting. A powerful time of prayer and devotion with a focus on healing and enlightenment for all beings. Generosity and kindness are practiced in service of all living things. As too are dancing, painting and dramatic reenactments.
Matelasse - estate sale
In case you missed last night's set, the band are back at Coachella again next weekend and play a week's worth of shows across the West Coast this week. Check out the band performing a blistering set finale of "Night Boat To Cairo" below:
LIFE SENTENCES by Laura Lippman
Disturbed a knowledge, parcelled up,
Here are some from my recent session, if you're interested....this is about the first 2/3rds of it and admittedly they're not very beautiful to look at, but like I said, they were for my own benefit and not really to show anyone (check out the scribbled out mistakes). A grey marker is always helpful too for throwing in a bit of tone, but not necessary (and I didn't have one handy).
It is therefore likely that the Serbs, with a number of players missing, will set up defensively against Northern Ireland. Nigel Worthington is also an innately cautious manager and it looks probable that McCourt and Kyle Lafferty, both of whom are reportedly suffering from calf-strains, will be missing, It's therefore shaping up to be a turgid encounter. Think about the Italy game, where both sides were happy to sit in front of each other’s defences.
So til next time, happy hiking!
Seriously. I’d watch the fuck out of that movie.
Read James Lovelock’s more recent and strident books, or any of the good-sized bookshelf of parallel literature, and you’ll find the claim that failing to support the climate change movement amounts to dooming the planet to a hothouse future in which, by 2100, the sole surviving human beings are a few “breeding pairs” – that’s Lovelock’s phrase – huddled around the tropical shores of the Arctic Ocean, with catastrophic methane releases from the Arctic regions among the driving forces behind that lurid scenario. It’s a compelling image, but once methane plumes actually start boiling up through the waters of the Arctic Ocean, you’ve just lost your rationale for further activism – or, really, for anything else short of jumping off the nearest bridge.
Congratulations, Ruthie! I'm anxious to see what your sign will look like!! Shoot me an email and I'll put you in touch with the lovely ladies at Lonestar Accessories!
He swept her up into his strong arms and placed her silk lingerie clad body into a soft plush chair—spreading her legs to feast upon her delectable fruit. She’d never experienced such an intense explosion as his skillful tongue yielded. He delighted in the pleasure he’d provided his international lover.
Utter nonsense or worthless frills.
Sallmén M, Lindbohm ML, Kyyrönen P, Nykyri E, Anttila A, Taskinen H, Hemminki K. Reduced fertility among women exposed to organic solvents. International Symposium on New Epidemics in Occupational Health; 1994 May 16-19; Helsinki.
The hare is done, time to finish the sauce
You have forgot the color film, my dear,
the palette contains nine shades all together ranging from shimmery to metallic finishes. no mattes here, unfortunately.
It's a great title. I'm also a tad confused about why the detectives are chasing him if the victim is alive and/or it's an accidental death.
It really just depends on the day now doesn't it. And speaking of days, tomorrow is MY special day. So I think I'll hit the sack so I can wake up and enjoy my facebook wishes properly rested. :D
I had my first opportunity to experience the healing abilities of chamomile when my younger sister came down with a mild cold and a miserably stiff neck. =( She was given doses of bryonia alba (homeopathic) and the sore spot was rubbed down with arnica gel (also homeopathic), but still she suffered. After day three, I decided to give my chamomile oil a try. Shortly after I gave Bonnie a nice gentle neck massage, she told me it didn't hurt as badly. We continued the regimen for a few more days until the pain was completely gone. My chamomile oil was the only treatment which gave her any considerable relief.
Today: the second of two guest posts on content mills.
But no matter how busy I am, if I will but stop and be still, I can hear the sweet whisper of the Spirit, calling me to come and sit with Him. Wooing my heart in ways that no human ever can.
“Whoa, okay kitchen Nazi,” she said, backing out slowly with her hands raised.
8. No Way Out - Dynamite Boy
1 bars
In terms of graphics, the game looks good, but won’t knock your socks off. The lighting is well done and the texture has an interesting look to it. The game has the setting nailed down, and seeing the rolling green hills and trees in the second demo was really cool. I just wish I could run around more instead of being tied down to a boss battle. The HUD is a bit clunky as there’s stuff everywhere on the screen and the text is a bit small for my liking. Thankfully, the game lets you customize the HUD in addition to the camera and those mini cutscenes so these issues won’t be a problem in the retail game.
"Christmasland ReCollections is a nostalgic portrait of forgotten treasures, from light-up angels and mischievous pixies to a pine cone band that comes to life on the page."
Aunt Maria Giroux used to use the promise of getting her estate to get Mother and I to do things for her but in the end she cut me out of her will. Gordon will get it back for me. The tax on cigarettes in Massachusetts has gone from 76 cents to $1.51 per pack causing people to buy out of state and online. The police say that the price of cocaine is down and heroin is up. Mayor M. J. Albano was in Boston for the steering committee meeting for U.S. Senator John F. Kerry's presidential candidacy. Job hunting?
A small fragile token of a love long forgotten, shared by lovers now long dead, but with the power to touch us now in another time and in another world.
Vandaag start er een nieuwe uitdaging bij The Sketchy Challenge en dit is mijn eerste uitdaging als Design Team member! Deze sketch is ook gelijk van mijn hand, dus ik ben best wel een beetje trots.
~~The illusionist (formerly mi vampiro. i don't know why i didn't think of that name sooner. he is always just disappearing on me and like a bad illusionist he sometimes doesn't reappear until the next week when you see him strolling down the street.) and i are havin a wee issue. a couple of weeks before i left belize, he stopped staying the night at my house. because he thought there was a malicious spirit there. I told him that was no spirit, that was me curled up next to him whilst he was dreaming, but he is convinced it was a spirit. ok, i don't believe that, but he does. Fine. The problem is, he stopped inviting me to his house. What? Too much for him to stay there, but it's ok for me? 'I love you, go play with the spirit. Don't get possessed. I am going to have to practice my Linda Blair impersonation.
1 mak'er
It was becoming increasingly apparent to me, though, that this was a boy who loved to be around other kids. And, where we lived there was only one other kid. And, that other kid was going to school. And, getting a little weird in the process. We were still full steam ahead with our plans to unschool, and I had gotten pretty well informed about what our state required of us and how we were going to do that. But, I was starting to get these niggling, nagging little thoughts and ideas about making plans and decisions for Liam without his being fully informed about his options.
Have fun with it!
Skipping.
He also loves to help me any way he can and one evening while I was getting dinner ready he came toddling in wanting to help so I handed him a plate at a time, then forks, then napkins and he set the table for me. Not too bad for 19 months old I'd say.
Considering how many people have or have not wasted their time watching crappy movies assigned to them for this blogathon, why did I want to commit myself to it this year? Probably because I got a doozy of an assignment two years ago when I contributed to this online event, a film directed by Death Wish auteur Michael Winner called Scream for Help (1984), and one so bad in so many genuinely fascinating ways that, yes, I would actually go so far as to place it in the "so bad it's good" pantheon reserved for other legendary pieces of celluloid waste like Ed Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space. (I'm serious when I say that it really is something to see; I refer you all to my review of it here.)
I was ready to give up and just accept my 166 pounds, but my hubby knows, that I will feel unhappy as soon as I make that decision. I need to fight until I have reached my original goal.
Belly fat defined "Belly fat or abdominal fat," according to Dr. Francisco Lopez of the Mayo Clinic, "is defined as having more than 40 inches of waist circumference for men and more than 35 inches for women." So if you have accumulated too much abdominal fat beware!
So if you see me in a store, hauling my giant kid around in a couple years, don’t think; ‘ugh, that kid is so spoiled’ think instead; ‘Dang. Look at her mom’s arms, she’s ripped!’ Because that’s how I’m justifying it.
Before we headed “across the pond,” Leah suggested we look into catching a glimpse of the Quiet Man Bridge. This small bridge served as a prop for John Wayne in one of the early scenes of the movie, The Quiet Man, in which Maureen O’Hara co-starred. I am not a person that generally holds movie stars in any special regard, but I have to admit that John Wayne has always been my favorite. And The Quiet Man is a fun show that our family has watched a number of times. So with seeing the bridge in mind, we scheduled a night at a Bed & Breakfast in Oughterard, only a short distance away from the bridge.
Indeed, it’s Coffey who most contributes to the unique sound of Hoods and Shades. But the rest of the musicians here aren’t exactly lightweights. Among them are Detroit producer and former Dirtbombs member Jim Diamond playing electric bass and Don Was on upright bass.
Resilience is the key as the opposition majority of one, shredded the ambitious programs tabled by Finance Minister Dr Ashni Singh. Prime Minister Sam Hinds since the passing of the adjusted budget on Thursday night, has reverted to cussing out the opposition team; Sam Hinds has referred to the APNU and AFC as “political bullyism.” The Guyanese people will not be surprised if more names and labels are attached to the opposition groups because for the first time in their existence, they will have to do more with less.
Next onto big one's pressie, this is so sweet and right up her street as she's just learning to write and loves making cards and letters. It's a beautiful tin fairy postbox complete with envelopes, rubber stamp and cards with fairy shopping orders and invoices.
It was Stephen's birthday a couple of weeks ago, and (in a bad, bad move!) we have created a tradition of having homemade birthday cakes for both the kids. Mostly, the kids pick from our favourite Women's Weekly Birthday Cake cookbook, which come with pics, instructions, and templates. This year however, Stephen was adamant that he wanted a Lightning McQueen cake, and, in his words, "a proper Lightning McQueen, NOT a picture of him on top of a cake." Wonderful!
She slept for about 3 hours after I put her to bed, and though it was restless, that’s not all that abnormal. Hence the sleep study this coming Tuesday evening. But she got up at about midnight, and we were almost consistently up until about 7am. We spent some time in the recliner in her room, and she would sleep for about 15 minutes at a time. It would have been better if I was able to sleep in it, too. She couldn’t breathe through her nose, and this kid just almost refuses to breathe through her mouth. She holds her breath a lot, like she’s trying to force her nose to clear and let the air through. But it doesn’t really work that way. For a couple hours I tried to cuddle her in my bed, since M wasn’t in there, we could try to find something that worked. But she would doze for maybe 3-5 minutes and then be thrashing around again.
so easy in fact, that i made a 2nd hat so i could continue practicing. this hat is done i blues, teals, and purples. i am not sure who i am going to give it to, but the 1st hat will go to my niece thea.
All I can say, is keep your fingers crossed and your Running Man ready. If this all goes through, Kevin Bacon and I will be throwing a blog dance party!
We had them last year and I have constantly thought about them since.
5.It stands out
I am back to blogging.
Go big or go home right?
Whew! I was seriously thinking that we'd be delayed. Teachers were supposed to go back on Monday, but over half of the schools in the county were still without power, thanks ti all the downed trees on power lines from Irene. There are still 12 school without power today, but the county allowed teachers back in today and announced that the start date would remain the same. Teachers missed two days of prep time.
So I mentioned in a previous post that I’m currently loving Yves Saint Laurant’s Perfect Touch foundation.
Last summer, 17 caravans rolled up Cambridge Street, Heath Town. It cost more than £2,500 to clear the site and hire bailiffs to move them on.
Dr. Oz show. Gotta love these kids. They say the darndest
This was because we were out in the morning and I never got round to it for the rest of the day.
While the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services said Thursday that groundwater at the Pohatcong Valley Groundwater Contamination Superfund Site is safe if you use public or treated water, untreated private water could increase the risk of cancer and birth defects.
So in conclusion I would believe that it’s possible to say that Muslims and Jews share some foundational similar expressions on God’s Unity, as well as reverence for those they consider the greatest prophet respectively, though there are some difference, the Jews not have a single expression, as is the case with the Muslims. On the other hand the Jews have a – I would dare to say – much longer and more detailed expression of faith than that of the Muslims.
“We have no doubt this is going to be the best-ever Confederations Cup.”
I have a ton of great ideas for redoing the room my two boys share, thanks to Pinterest.com. In fact, I have an entire board dedicated to ideas for their room's face lift. I'm on a tight budget, so nearly everything needs to be handmade by me, thrifted, or salvaged. I'm on the lookout on Craig's List for two matching white twin beds for the day my baby turns into a man...or is ready for a big boy bed, whichever comes first. They'll also need a tall white dresser to take place of their wide, low dresser...It'll save space.
Much as casual sex is becoming common now-a-days, sex education, be it at home or in school makes a growing child realize that it need not be a topic that is taboo. It can be discussed and then not thought much about. It is when sex is made the forbidden fruit that problems crop up. Time is a great healer, they say but in case of matters related to sex, time becomes a hard taskmaster if care is not taken to understand sex and its place in our children’s lives. A mistake could be really deadly. So, isn’t it better to be safe than sorry more so when the lives of our precious children are at stake?
Well… not exactly. It doesn’t look like anyone ever knowingly cheated to simulate Clever Hans’ talents. Even when someone other than his handler was asking the questions, his success rate was still impressive. But it turns out they didn’t need to be cheating. Hans was picking up cues, but not intentional ones, and giving his answers solely based on the expectaions of his audience.
Quote: “I’m sorry, Lisa, but giving everyone an equal part when they’re clearly not equal is called what again, class? ‘Communism’!”
We drove through Cusco admiring the architecture and stopped to eat at Incanto. I really tried to get myself to order the guinea pig or alpaca but just couldn’t. I opted for the Aji de Gallina which is shredded chicken in chili sauce with yellow potatoes and rice. So good! A must for anyone in Cusco.
That is the sort of judgementalism that shouldn’t exist in our church. Anyone who assumes that they have the right to decide if someone else is burning is certainly not on the right track. It goes against everything Jesus Christ taught us—he is judge, not us. And as our judge he sat at tables with sinners, hung out with prostitutes, ate with tax collectors, died between a couple of criminals (and even invited one into paradise with him) and came back to us—the very people who had cried out “Crucify Him!” to show us the power of his love and forgiveness. So, if God can see the worth in the so-called unclean, in the untouchables, in those of differing faiths (remember the Syrophoenician woman of Mark 7?), and in us… then who are we to proclaim anyone is burning?
There were four of us and we'd already covered a couple of alleys, but it had been a hot dry summer so even down in the water mains there wasn't much moisture. Toads and salamanders were scarce but we kept up our search.
The well-versed person or budhāḥ is one who has understood that Kṛṣṇa is the origin of all emanations. Whatever we happen to see is but an emanation of Kṛṣṇa. For millions and millions of years sunshine has been emanating from the sun, and yet the sun is as it is. Similarly, all material and spiritual energies are coming from Kṛṣṇa. As a result of knowing this, one becomes a devotee of Kṛṣṇa.
BF: Yeah. That’s in the public record. You can go to the finance ministry homepage and the numbers are there.
At New York Country Club
But I’m still crawling down the tunnel, and I’m learning something, even if I can’t quite tell you what that is.
1 ocean's
So I am going to do the only thing I know how to do when it gets like this. I am going to run away. Go away to run.
I know God is FAITHFUL. He keeps his promises. He is the giver of every good gift. Once again, we know that He has called us to this place. It's a place of complete dependency upon Him. It's a hard place to walk, but also, the very best place to walk. How can I ever doubt His love for me, when He continues to prove Himself faithful at every turn.
Atop Leckhampton Hill, Cheltenham, Gloucestershire
I need help completing the following:
Anyhow, I arrived back on a CSA pickup day (my brother picked up week 3 for me, but I forgot to ask him to take a photo), which helped ease the pain of not being on vacation anymore. You can see from my fancy collage that this week's share consisted of beets, radishes, fresh garlic, basil, lemon balm, peas, komatsuna, rainbow chard, mixed lettuces (not pictured), and the fruit share was sour cherries.
I once dismissed Cole's one-pagers as filler fluff, but a more systematic study of these has led to a sincere appreciation for this material. Jack Cole's one-pagers are usually very inventive graphically, extremely well-written, and downright funny.
Santorum’s shopping spree was GOUDA.
These are more photos from our day at the zoo. It was so cute seeing my hubby hold my son up so he could throw the fish food farther into the water. What a great daddy!
The news is highly likely to be denied vociferously by all concerned, so it is difficult to say much more until other off the record sources can substantiate the claim. But as and when the German public gets wind of it, all their worst fears will be realised…and the non-Schauble anti-Athens group in the CDU will be impossible for Angela Merkel to control.
Despite the strength of those feelings, the believer in Christ must never trust his own impressions more than he trusts the unwavering truth about God. When we despair, we think more of our perception of our circumstances than we do the God who has ordered and is over those circumstances. We value our evaluation more than we value God’s sovereignty and trustworthiness.
3. William loves animals. “I love all God’s creatures,” he once opined as a small child. I think he has become a bot more discriminating since–he hates hippos and pigs, he told me today. But by far, his favorite animal is the cat.
Bucky balls
Towards the end of its life the theatre incorporated the Pauline Johnson confectionery store, a popular stop before the main feature. In earlier years it was one of Con Jones ‘Don’t Argue’ tobacconists stores (“Don’t Argue – Con Jones sells fresh tobacco”). Today there’s a 1974 corner office tower of the McCarter Nairne and Partners Pacific Centre Mall – the colours ‘brightened’ from the more sombre earlier ‘black towers’ to the south.
There’s also the problem of the devices themselves. By having no buttons whatsover (on most devices), you’re restricting the types of games you can realisticly put out on these devices. Problems with using the screen as a controller (i.e. covering up what you’re trying to look at) are well known. The number of devices being released also makes it more of a nightmare to know who to aim for. When’s the best time to forget all about the iPad and just focus on the iPad2? Will it work on the iPhone? As for Android devices, forget it. There’s just SO MANY!
When I was in university, I came across an essay by a guy who as an experiment recorded each and every minute of every single television channel available to him, recording each channel for a full 24 hours. He spent the next semester (or three) watching the tapes and hoped to discover the fundamental message of television. In the end, he concluded television’s message is that you are the most important person in the universe.
Service was quite prompt, though the paltes of treasures may take some time to be served! Wait staff varied, but most were friendly and smiley. Oh do note this is the one at Orchard and NOT the one near Suntec/Marina Square! This is behind Isetan Scotts/Shaw Centre!
These comments came from -
Martin Truex Jr. was the class of the field. Smooth, clean pit stops and lead the most laps. He for sure was the car to beat. The weather was perfect for racing. Cool and cloudy equals fast. Then mother nature decided it was time to change it up. Cue The Beatles’, “Here Comes The Sun” to ruin the day for the #56 team. As soon as the sun came out, Truex’s car got tight which allowed eventual race winner, Denny Hamlin to score his second win of the season.
While I could have purchased hooks in the same color of wire and saved myself the time, I decided that I wanted a longer and more rustic finding, so I simply made them myself. Take a desired length of wire, create a small end loop, bend the wire softly over your pinkie finger to create a soft curve and use flat nose pliers to create a small bend at the end of the wire.
I'm going to cheat a bit on this one, since I didn't really write any real posts this month, and instead share two podcasts I did during that time, one an interview between me and my sister, the other an interview with Kelly Hogaboom. Neither of them are especially "professional," but I was really happy to try creating stuff in a new medium!
Gut Check time, a profile on Alex Silva, who competed in OVW.
It’s been four years but, Netflix is in talks with CBS to revive the series once more. Yes, the same company that almost saved “Terra Nova” and is in talks to save “The River” is going to try and bring back “Jericho” again. There was talks there might be a “Jericho” film much like what “Serenity” did for “Firefly” but those talks fell through.
Anyway, you heat a cast iron pan on the stove top over medium heat for several minutes. Make sure your dough is lovely and rested, soft and at room temperature. Pat out small rounds of dough (4 oz. if you have a scale - which if you bought a pound of dough at the store means you're dividing your dough into 4 pieces) - just big enough for an individual pizza size, maybe 8-10 inches when it's patted out (however big your cast iron pan is would be a good way to decide this). Press the dough out (Mario recommends using a mix of flour and semolina to dust your surface, because the semolina gives you a little extra crunch in the final pizza); as you press it out, leave a little rim around the edge, but with the main part as thin as you can possibly make it - in fact, when you think it's thin enough, tell yourself you can get it just a little thinner.
Filemon Kamugabe
Then we rounded the corner and I saw them standing behind a barricade holding "the sign" and shouting. My mom wanted to know if we were cold. I shook my head, pumped my fist in the air and yelled, "THIS IS AWESOME!"
I am hoping we'll go back on Monday because as much as my job drives me crazy from day to day, it is also nice to have a routine and a purpose. Being stuck inside for three days was enough to push me to the edge...luckily, I got out of the house for a while last night and I plan to venture out today. I think seeing people...real, live people will do me good.
They hadn’t remembered what he said:
"It looks more like a pie shell, than a platypus nest."
He was then arrested.
Between the two we have the serious water wear with the Rip Rap Shoe and Streamtread Sandal. Both feature the Simms/Vibram sticky rubber soles you will find on Simms wading boots. These two are made to fish. We particularly like the extra protection of the Rip Rap for wading the creeks. It might be just me but I hate gravel under my feet.
all the necessities of writing meetings.)
Use the following code: G2MSCG
‘And they’ll kiss one another,’ said his wife. ‘I wonder Osie, is that true?’ She laughed.
Gray's Anatomy
Now some short elbows from Bobby out of Griffin’s half guard. Brents came out and just started dominating this fight!
I think that these Lady of the Lake folk stories probably had their roots in Celtic folk lore, when lakes were seen as liminal areas between this life and the next. As for a link with Arthurian legend (and Merlin) - I'll let you decide.
I can't even explain the pain I get every night in the lady bits. I'm not sure why it's worst at night for me, but there have been times it's woken me up and kept me awake for hours. We fondly refer to it as "combat boot vagina syndrome", where it feels like someone kicked you with steel-toed combat boots.
To lead you to an overwhelming question. . .
And his writing is buoyant, his imagery vibrantly articulate. “Let the wild rumpus start!” unleashed an exuberant animated interaction with his words and pictures, where the reading literally came alive for IB, where he vividly remembers physically and imaginatively “tromping around.”
Doug TenNapel, who the increasingly aged among us may remember as the creator of the video game character Earthworm Jim, has written several graphic novels by now, which have gotten quite a bit of positive buzz; however, Bad Island is the first one of his that I've read so far. It was a finalist in this year's Cybils Awards for YA Graphic Novels, and this isn't the first time he's had that honor—last year his GN Ghostopolis was also a YA GN finalist.
I would prey on the goodness and decency of ordinary Americans.
We both still have not reached final goals. But if the scales are correct, I’ve got really only 5 pounds left to go, and he has 8 pounds left, not bad, not bad at all!
The other picture had mountains too. But these were rugged and bare. Above was an angry sky from which rain fell and in which lightening played. Down the side of the mountain tumbled a foaming waterfall. This did not look peaceful at all. But when the King looked, he saw behind the waterfall a tiny bush growing in a crack in the rock. In the bush a mother bird had built her nest. There, in the midst of the rush of angry water, sat the mother bird on her nest… perfect peace.
See who you recognize in this All-Star lineup of legendary players.
Please leave a message or stop back after Jan 20. I will return your visit as soon as possible.
The breezes brought dejected
This and many other structures around here trace to a specific immigrant lineage -- the Polish Jews of Bialystok, near the border of Belarus. It's remarkable to think of thousands of Bialystok immigrants -- nearly the entire Jewish population of the city -- crossing the ocean, entering Ellis Island, and settling here, and specifically here, in this area of the Lower East Side.
I want to create the setting for you
Subject: FW: Richard Barnbrook: Expulsion.
I didn’t get my Wisconsin driver’s license with my first road test. I failed. I didn’t look upon the incident as failure. I just thought I must try again – and hopefully find an examiner who wasn’t so anal. I did and I passed, but I still drive too fast and a little reckless. That pretty much defines my life, and my writing is the same. My Pazuzu Trilogy is an example – hell, it’s my road test. Failure is unimaginable* – and self-publishing facilitates my “re-testing.” That is why there have been so many revisions of the trilogy – although, I had to take the road test for my driver’s license only twice.
Για τη συνέχεια, άλλο ένα βραβειάκι από την αγαπημένη μας Κική, μουσικό βραβειάκι αυτή τη φορά....
* 2-3 tbsp curry powder
Pennsylvania for a totally different reason that I don't even want to think about.
Even so, my first protein on day four was like a FEAST to me!
Sometimes life gives you "Lemons" and your just so surprised, you don't know exactly what to do with them. This card is exactly that, for me. I'm going through a "lemon" situation, and I am just praying God will see us through, Lord willing :)
Yes, why waste time and energy on something which is so fundamental and a manifestation of Nature’s Design? God’ s creation! Let nature take its course. “Natural Selection”! Charles Darwin so assiduously tried to teach all of us that the world works on the principles of “Natural Selection” and “Struggle for Survival”. “Survival of the Fittest”! Therefore, let people who are “fittest survive”; others can perish in former’s hands. Why frown? If criminals and rapists and robbers and murderers and killers and cheaters and fraudsters and kidnappers and scamsters are “fitter” then let them “thrive”; the rest of us from the lesser fitter gene stock can be eternally thankful for being let to “simply survive”. Moreover, one should not try to alter the “Natural Biodiversity”. The earth remains worth living only because of this biodiversity in which all survive together – humans and these so-called humans. As per Mr. Darwin, if we do not “adapt” to the ever altering ecosystem and embrace “biodiversity” – humans & in-humans included – we will become “extinct”. In addition, this will disturb the delicately balanced global ecosystem – the food chain in which we – the lesser fitter kinds – often fall prey to the predatory instincts of the “fittest” kinds. Natural Selection and Natural Justice, I say!
Gary Alan Fine, the John Evans Professor of Sociology at Northwestern University, said: "Facts aren't dead. If anything, there are too many of them out there. There has been a population explosion."
Paul remembered how the Lord had provided for him in prison. But he also took time to remember the human instruments that God had used to bring that provision. (14) Still, you did well by sharing with me in my hardship.15) And you, Philippians, know that in the early days of the gospel, when I left Macedonia, no church shared with me in the matter of giving and receiving except you alone.16) For even in Thessalonica you sent gifts for my need several times. 17) Not that I seek the gift, but I seek the fruit that is increasing to your account. 18) But I have received everything in full, and I have an abundance. I am fully supplied, having received from Epaphroditus what you provided–a fragrant offering, a welcome sacrifice, pleasing to God.
Geneva in Switzerland is worth a visit as many international groups such the United Nations and International Red Cross are located in Geneva. Many tourists head to this skiing destination in winter, when the Swiss Alps are covered with mantles of white snow. You can enjoy living in the ski resorts and skiing on the famous Alps.
There was the woman on incapacity benefit living with ME, or "yuppie flu"as the prejudiced might say when asked what sort of people are getting benefits when there is nothing seriously wrong with them.
9. The Haunted Strangler (commercial) - Boris Karloff
Here are a few pics:
I feel the air filling my lungs easily. I take deep breaths, in and out, and am consciously thankful that they come so painlessly. I imagine being Terry, and pushing ahead even when it would be so much easier to call it a day and go home. I think about all the days she spends on the country roads by their house, running and running and running. I look down at the mile marker on my bike and set a goal. If it says I've ridden for 12.3 miles I decide to ride at least until I hit 13. It's the kind of thing Terry would do. Hit a wall and keep going.
Don Messick as Various VoicesJanet Waldo as Various Voices
He notes that many foreign language departments across the country are altering their names to “world languages” or “classical and modern languages.”
Middle East/Asia/Oceania Airline: El Al Matmid Club
It’s a long way back to find you
Anyway first things first:
“We also need to focus on building up people’s ability to cope better with future droughts and food crises. We must keep our attention firmly focused on Somalia and ensure that we do not fail the most vulnerable.”
Fax: +1.650.243.2750
(ever-enlarging stars,)
It isn't like you to be this rude. I'm worried about you. I'm going to call your office and have Randy meet you and give you the money in person. He's going to meet you at the Noodle Oodle outside the Tottenham Court tube station. I know that's one of your favorite places to meet Randy when you're in London. Be there in one hour and he'll have some money and my plane ticket for you.
the examiner’s review without having first reviewed the information themselves
The Rondeau Roundup Blog
Finally, the biggest thanks of all need to go to the two game stores for which I DM’ed, Game Café in Independence, and The Basement Games in Zona Rosa. Without the time energy, and well, table space, of these fine establishments and the people who work in them, this project would never have even started. Everyone who plays and loves D and D owes a debt of gratitude to the small business owners who struggle to keep a point of gaming light open in a struggling market. I hope my efforts helped bring revenue to the stores who participated. I know I tried to make purchases at the stores I played at, when possible. (That permanent 34% off at Amazon is a hard discount to pass up.)
Urban Decay 24/7 Stay All Day Waterproof Liquid Liner in Perversion
Tangled Tides by Karen Amanda Hooper
Level 15: MP Cost: 14, Attacks up to 5 enemies, Damage: 130%, Attacks the enemies 4 times.
She does a great chicken Kiev, Thai Green Curry, meatballs, stirfry
And anyone willing to embrace the RAND framework in principle still has to deal with the inertia of old habits and settled ways of doing things.
I already spend all my Christmas money and it's not even December!!!!!! seriously I'm going to start 2012 broke ;___; so sadddd.
The dialogue Mass and the new order of the Mass so emphasized the externals that Catholics forgot that there is a very important need to maintain an internal recollection. Prayer and mediation are crucial in order to unite oneself internally to the Sacrifice of the Mass being offered. As the Honorable Lady Lucy Herbert wrote: “We should join with Him by uniting our intentions with His, and by our application to what He therein does, the Sacrifice of Holy Mass being the mystery of our reconciliation and sanctification.” Without this internal application to Our Blessed Lord’s intentions, efficacious graces that may be gained by devoutly assisting at the Mass are all but lost to the individual soul.
May is an important month for the midwifery profession with the International Day of the Midwife being commemorated worldwide tomorrow – 5 May 2012.
Though the storm inflicted such heinous damage, it could not kill the spirit of the people in this part of our state. Thousands of people mobilized to provide all kinds of relief. Water, generators, food, man-power, money and more were given and given some more.
We were in Naples 2-8 April and on April 11 the America's Cup started, based out of the marina. On our last day in Naples we headed over to the marina area to see if it was any nicer than the rest of the city, if nothing else it should be all clean and sparkly because of the world's press. Unfortunately it rained all day and rain is really not conducive to meandering around city streets, however that was the plan so we stuck to it.
As I said above, these are only a few examples – but I’d love to hear your take on the principles of writing Good Smut.
China started a sweeping crackdown of its vibrant social networking media over the weekend, detaining six people, closing 16 Web sites and shutting off the comment function for two gigantic micro-blogs. The campaign, which was announced late Friday and put in place in stages through Saturday, was directly linked to the political instability that has gripped China since one of its most charismatic politicians, Bo Xilai, lost his post in mid-March. That spurred rumors of a coup, which the government-run Xinhua news agency cited as the reason for the measures. Xinhua quoted an official with the State Internet Information Office as saying that the sites had spread reports of “military vehicles entering Beijing and something wrong going on in Beijing.”…. In addition to the six detainees — whose names were not released — Xinhua said others were “admonished and educated” and had promised to “repent.”
When the last battle is fought, Jesus will not appear by Himself but He will triumph by Himself.
Our agents travel to many destinations on FAM trips (Familiarization trips) these trips are designed by tour operators and cruise lines to make certain that travel agents are up-to-date on popular destinations and cruise ships.
Sonaisali Island Resort is pleased to announce a new addition to the dynamic Management Team. Josevata (Koroi) Koroitamana, has been promoted to the position of Customer Care Manager, from his previously held position of Sales Manager at the resort.
Phew. I feel like I'm still recovering from all the Valentines Day festivities!
So I will put the recipe for the mix and the instructions for the pancakes at the end of the post.
In recent posts I have made mention of the lack of rain we were experiencing through the summer, at first revelling in the clear skies and heat, then bemoaning the dry lawns and wishing for some rain to save the dying grass and plants.
“”For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.”
Accessories: Keyhole, word stickers, ribbon. scallop die used as a mask, sponge, distress inks.
Recently, I saw two films that reminded me of my love of the long shot: Michelangelo Antonioni's fictional L'Avventura (1960) and Ilisa Barbash & Lucien Castaing-Taylor's documentary Sweetgrass (2009). (By the way, yes, I only recently finally got around to seeing L'Avventura for the first time ever...and, well, let's just say, I'm impressed but also eagerly awaiting a chance to see it on a big screen.)
The rest of the flower bed looks promising too, with tulips and daffodils about to bloom, irises, bachelor's buttons, lady slippers, peonies, and something unknown sprouting, and my favourite surprise of all, my lavender is growing! I am beyond thrilled about that. Lavender doesn't really overwinter here, but we had such a mild winter, that I had my fingers crossed.
3) Don't try to be "helpful" and take a drink off the tray the server is holding.
So....it's Friday the 13th. Don't know why people associate bad luck, etc. with it. I know there's a story somewhere and maybe the Hermit can find out and let us know. Don't know why the number itself is considered unlucky. Perhaps you can enlighten me.
Again, did I mention it was sheer?! the swatch is 3 coats and of course I still have visible nail line.
You can see some of the detail in the closer photos as well as how old this piece is. I have to go and look into the family tree records to see how Helen is related, but cousin or aunt comes to mind from the stories I have heard over the years about the two stitched pieces. This one is 160 years old this year. WOW! What at treasure to have in my possession. I will have to look into getting it appraised and find out the best method of preservation.
reciprocity. (We should soon be able to offer CLE in all the states, but
We got into the discussion that maybe the men we’re attracted to, being strong as we are, perhaps aren’t as hard-wired that way. That the women that hook up with the romantic men might be made of different “stuff.” However, she continued the thought that she wanted someone to be IN love with her. Deeply, madly, obviously.
We passed on dessert, opting for a walk to Bittersweet down the street. The new management at bc has set its own course, from the menu to the ambience to the waitstaff. We’ll miss the past but look forward to coming back.
in a great storm of loss
I particularly liked Halo by Zizou Corder, an unusual story about an orphaned girl brought up by Centaurs in ancient Greece. I thought it full of unexpected events and plot developments and interesting characters. Sarra Manning's Nobody's Girl was a perhaps more usual teenage girl fare but I so loved the way the heroine got her revenge on the mean girls and their Queen Bee that it stood out for me.
The candles too dear to waste in burning
And I sunned it with smiles,
*My parents completely surprised me with a Kindle Fire for Christmas. As anti-eReader as I was forever (hello, desire to work in the PRINT publishing industry)... I'm hooked. Like, it is my precious baby and don't come near it. We're one in the same. The bond? With my Kindle? It is powerful. Truly though, it is SO handy on the train/shuttle and weighs much less than the three books I routinely carry for my daily commute (a girl's gotta have her literary options). So... Kindle Fire. It's good, pretty stuff.
And now I continue, until the next great flash of brilliance causes me to wander away yet again. More than likely it is something shiny that has distracted me. I can see the obit now; Michael was distracted by something shiny and wandered into the path of an oncoming bus. Yes, I have come to terms with my fascination of shiny baubles and how easily distracted I am by said objects. In fact, I freely admit it and can use it as plausible deniability in many instances where I wander off topic or lose my already diminished attention span. I convince people it is a lovable trait in me.
Place the cabbage and pork in the bowl of a food processor. Process until everything is well minced and mixed together. Add the rest of the filling ingredients and stir to incorporate.
I was .9 down today. That makes my loss 34 lbs now! Whoa. I really think I am going to reach the mini goal I set for myself next month. I have just been really watching my calorie count, and trying not to snack.
That is Sam with the recorder thingie.
She said: "What?"
Ironically, were I to put that sentiment as it is written above to any journalist, they would decry it in the most powerful terms. ‘Under no circumstances,' they would say. And yet, there it is, lurking implicitly in their very reaction and the unthinking comment for which they require no explanation.
*I used plain white bazzil cardstock. The centerpiece I colored with Brilliance lavender and dried it
I pulled out a sweet little single stamp from Stampin Up called Triple Treat flower. This pretty little stamp had never been inked!! I stamped the flower three times, using each of the colors from the color challenge. I used my large fancy lower punch, my 5 petal flower punch, and my 1/2 inch circle punch to punch out the flower layers. I added a dimensional between each layer and a tiny silver brad to the center circle.
This year we missed a historic opportunity, with the recent passage of massive health care reform, to address the inequality of the tax treatment of domestic partner health benefits.
tall tales & short stories would like to welcome back Janice Hardy as this week's Guest Blogger.
I have baseball and IPL to watch. Right now, Mumbai Indians are chasing a paltry 112 posted by Chennai Super Kings that leaves one wondering why the Super Kings even bothered to make the trip. And tonight, we’ll get to see the new Marlins stadium (along with those sweet new orange Marlins caps if we’re lucky).
So glad you could be here today! I hope we can get the Mingle participant number to climb well over 30.
Two points are worth making at the outset. Firstly, I’ve no great expertise in economics and such expertise is not necessary to participation in the controversy. Secondly, I’m concerned that the Labour Party might tear itself apart, leaving no large coherent left voice.
13: "Every general norm demands a normal, everyday frame of life to which it can be factually applied and which is subjected to its regulations. The norm requires a homogeneous medium. This effective normal situation is not a mere 'superficial presupposition' that a jurist can ignore; that situation belongs precisely to its immanent validity. There exists no norm that is applicable to chaos. For a legal order to make sense, a normal situation must exist, and he is sovereign who definitely decides whether this normal situation actually exists."
That November however he was swept out of office by Jimmy Walker, who would guide New York as one of its most powerful and influential leaders, leaving Hylan's legacy virtually forgotten. Hylan died eleven years later of a heart attack. Four years after that, his dream was fully realized; the ISS merged with the other subway lines to create one complete city-run subway system.
That’s not to say that I didn’t enjoy it, I just wasn’t bowled over. I love the fact that Bourne dares explore character and narrative but here I wanted a bit of subtely too. Definitely worth a viewing although Cinderella remains my favourite.
That's all. When things like this strike so close to home, it's hard not to feel affected. I hope they catch the asshole soon.
2 T unsalted butter
Well helllooooo to all our lovely followers and sponsors, we hope you have had a fabby christmas and new year??? i sure did, but now the decs are down and normality kicks in you have to realise how many over indulgences you have had lol,
“In talking to them and trying to understand that, we’ve come to just realize that they expect to lose their children,” said Clermont.
So I did some reading on the etymology of certain words. According to The Online Etymology Dictionary, the term “meat” comes from the Old English word “mete” which meant food as opposed to drink. It wasn’t used to mean animal flesh until much later around the 14th century. Today we talk about the “meat” of a coconut and seitan being “wheat meat.”
Anything that happens can become fodder for mercenary hysteria. The crash of a small plane flying from Nouakchott to Bamako, piloted by a Frenchman, has been interpreted by some as evidence that foreign mercenaries are being brought into Mali.
December 13, 2005SYDNEY erupted in a second night of racial violence last night as Middle Eastern mobs fired shots into the air, attacked women and smashed shops around Cronulla, while up to 600 young men – armed with guns and crowbars – prepared for a battle.In a terrifying escalation of the conflict, up to 70 cars from Hurstville and possibly Lakemba invaded Cronulla and Brighton-le-Sands to launch revenge attacks, following the vicious attacks by Cronulla locals on people of Middle Eastern appearance on Sunday.Twenty carloads of men arrived at Cronulla by about 10.30pm, smashing shops, and cars in Elouera Road, and threatening people who got in their way. They reportedly stabbed a woman at Carringbah, but her condition was unknown.Gunshots were heard near Northies Hotel at Cronulla and there was an unconfirmed report of a man being shot.
Titles on Amazon.com – 7
Well this past week a couple things have happened.
Oh well. I'm clearly ambivalent about whether this is something to be proud of - and slightly terrified I'm coming across as incredibly smarmy. But I did enjoy working with my branch manager (until he was lopped off by some poorly planned restructuring.... later, they restructured the branch back to its original form). Now he was bloody brilliant. I think, if given the option, I might very well leap at the opportunity to work with him again. And having done the architecture degree, it really allowed me to work as an Asian gay man (gaysian) in the construction industry - I don't think it gets more tricky than that, and I'm kinda proud that I've survived so far.
- Commenting along the way highly increases your chance of winning the prize package.
What happens in VEGAS stays in VEGAS! I just think this mini is just "CHERRY". This mini purse is of course also fashioned after the "pita purse". It's exterior paper is that wonderful and expensive paper by Paper Studio. Thank goodness Hobby Lobby frequently puts it on sale! The zebra print is actually flocked, so feels like real fur. Look at that fabulous closure, it is a roulette wheel. Couldn't get more perfect than that! Charms are a set of cherries (that I enameled red, they were completely silver) and a lucky number 7!! I did not have a black purse handle, so I used Stayz On ink to change from reddish brown handle to black. It is not a solid black, but you kind of can still see wood grain through the black That was fine with me. I am very pleased with the result.
Michael Amold / from Cashlin (Shape) / 166
STORY: A young couple begin to experience inexplicable and frightening phenomena in their home and slowly come to realize that the presence may have been one conjured accidentally during a university parapsychology experiment.
Screaming to his mother, Renette, that he had been shot and urging her to be careful, Ernest ran to the family's gun safe. He died as he was trying to get out a revolver which he wanted to use to protect his mother and sister.
Reduce use of vehicles. Try using public transportation systems. If possible use electric vehicle. Use taxi sharing. We in India call it share auto.
You will also need a knitting ball of the color you want, otherwiseeven if you work for an hour, you will see no results.
The team's research involves tapping into an unused range in the electromagnetic spectrum.
We call on your government and the relevant authorities to comply with international law by respecting the rights of freedom of expression and freedom of assembly of the peaceful protesters. We call on you to:
2 squares off of Chocolate Almond Bark, coarsely chopped
If you’re doing version 1, preheat the oven to 180 degrees Celsius. In the casserole pot, heat the oil and one cup of stock.
Too bad, though it's understandable: the partners who bought the place (the former Buckingham Mountain brewpub of unlamented memory) were really looking for a restaurant. The brewpub set-up was on fire sale, so they took it all. There was a connection with River Horse, then Philadelphia Brewing, which led to my friend Dean Browne brewing there for a while (made a good porter, too). And, of course, I included it in the new Pennsylvania Breweries, so that's a word of warning: no brewery there any more! If you're one of the people who like to get signatures of brewers in your book, though, Dean's often available at Philadelphia Brewing, and he's real friendly; he's Canadian, you know.
Craft Obsessions Prize Goes To 60 - Jac
We were then picked up by a minibus at around 8.30 which drove for 4 hours through the green Vietnamese countryside over large rivers and tree lined dual carriageways to Ha Long city. The driver however was a bit mental and after fearing for my life a few times and driving in the gutter we arrived at the dock. On the dock we then signed a form and hopped onto our ‘Chinese Junk Boat’, living up to there name, there were a few that did look alot like floating piles of junk, ours however resembled a fat canal boat with a sail that was clearly never used. Inside there was a nice wooden lined cabin and straight away we were eating some tasty lunch while chugging slowly out into the murky green water of Ha Long Bay. After about an hours chugging around we pulled into a small bay where we off loaded from the boat and went on land up the hill into a vast cave. The cave was pretty spectacular, one single huge cavern with large limestone stalagmites and stalactites illuminated with various red, blue and green LEDs, but in true asian style, thinking this wasn’t quite impressive enough they decided to put 2 water features inside the cave which looked pretty stupid and out of place. Back on the boat we then drove through several of the Karsk Limestone valleys, the way they came vertically out of the water for 100m was amazing and the shear quantity of islands was awesome.
and the secret of the 3 dimensional density that we are trapped in,
They had long and amicable talks as they feasted together on the luscious mangoes and glossy crimson and yellow globes of the juicy fruits that contain the treasured little kernel of the pistachio nut; and the nubbly, crusty little oysters, 'very salt and well-tasted', wrote Ralegh, who described their being plucked off the low-dangling mangrove branches at low tide-just as they are today -- and so was accused later of telling Travellers' Tales-for whoever heard of oysters growing on trees? Berreo told his travellers' tales of the green hell of jungle, monsters, and savages along the Orinoco; and with warm, even passionate feeling, for 'he was stricken with great melancholy and sadness' as he begged his delightful host for his own sake not to risk his life in that horrible wilderness where he himself had so lamentably failed.
This whole next part, I was the only Wadley present.
But. I am forgetting the Chinese dinners. Charmaine Solomon, again. Elaborate, Western-style Chinese dinners, with tender sweet and sour carrots and crispy pork and fried rice. And blue bowls and chopsticks. And those multicoloured puffed up chips.
Join me in taking everything One Day at a Time.
Another thing that resonated with me about this work, was Ensler’s own personal struggles. In particular: “This became the trajectory of my life. Racing, not diving. Winning, not discovering. Proving, not learning. Conquering, not being.” (Ensler, 2006, p.172). This statement hit me; it reminded me that life isn’t a race, it’s a journey. I need to embrace each moment, each little piece of knowledge and keep building my tiny achievements, cherishing every experience, every joy…
We are one now. Me, and that tiny, little girl, and that tough as nails woman with a heart so big that she was willing to take on the pain of the world. That person is me, and I am beautiful, and happy, and passionate, and talented, more than smart enough, and certainly good enough. Forgiveness I give to you now, because you are me, and I love me, and I thank you. We made it through to the other side, and on this side is healing and happiness. It’s going to be okay. I am okay, just the way that I am.
too slow
I watched them scatter.
Beunka does not deny his guilt in participating in the robbery and he suffers huge remorse for what happened that night, but he is not a murderer and does not deserve to die for his crime!
The rise of this term to its present popularity in green circles has a history worth noting. A year or two ago, the word “sustainability” began to lose its privileged place in the jargon of the time, as it began to sink in that no matter how much manhandling was applied to that much-abused term, it couldn’t be combined with the phrase “modern middle-class lifestyle” without resulting in total absurdity. Enter “resilience,” as another way to talk about what too many people nowadays want to talk about, generally to the exclusion of more useful conversations: the pretense that a set of lifestyles, social habits, and technologies that were born in an age of unparalleled extravagance can be maintained as the material basis for that extravagance trickles away.
um... OKAY, God! i can do that! after all, there is nothing i have ever wanted more than a child. and if you knew how much i want a new camera and how much i want to go to school to learn photography and how much i want to be a photographer professionally in some way, then you would know just how much i want to have a child... because all other things i have ever wanted pale in comparison to my desire to be a mom.
We finished yesterday afternoon and I feel soooo chilled right now, it's awesome. After all the planning and prepping and lugging boxes of stuff up and down flights of stairs I'm so happy with how it turned out. I'm even happier about the fact we didn't have one argument throughout the process - winning all around, I feel. Tiger blood etc etc.
There was an explosion shortly after Nick got out of the car, on the left. What was it?
Fulford was replaced to spread disinformation, or to release truths couched in apparent insane ramblings…we can never be sure what is what…you may have noticed that after Dec 13, his inteviews and postings make less sense and sound like the pontifications of a madman or a guy on a cocaine binge, That is done intentionally.
Replicas watches are stylish, cheap, and can be ordered online, which suits young people’s preference very much. So they are quite popular among young people.
This should firmly put an end to the argument of whether one is supposed to make an effort or leave everything to fate.
SANTORUM: No, I take no position on that. That’s — I would — I’ve supported, you know, the opportunity for them to make that decision.
My friend Christine will be on the main stage on Sunday at 1:00 pm talking about “The Curated One of a Kind Home.” She will be sharing her top decor picks from the show and how to incorporate them in your home.
Which brings me to a question I've often pondered along with my fellow young adult unschoolers, when we're all alone and the pressure of society's judgement is off.
The Fireworks Announcer will call out the fireworks for you to use which you must match 10 times to complete the quest. If you fire thew wrong firework, you will fail the quest.
to frequent services and claim to follow the teachings of their
However, little does Fanny know that his heart still belongs to her. . .
Over a hundred people showed up to remember the exuberant 18-year-old. Friends of Mona Abinur describes her as a girl with many dreams for the future.
Three giraffes arrived from Fota in Southern Ireland in 2008 - these were Ciara, Quiver and Sive. A male calf, Timber, was born in December of that year and he has since left us to reside at Folly Farm in South Wales.
Tonight I finished the top for my Rainbow Road... In purple.
Sir, I love you more than word can yield the matter;
Imagine a live piano sitting there waiting for Freddie to sit and hit away at ballads like “Somebody to Love.” The holographic Freddie plays while the rigged-up piano recreates the performance for the live crowd.
retro lawn furniture
I read all the books and most of the movies have been a disappointment...
You are sacred.
I could go on and on about all the horrible things my older sister did to my parents but I don't have that kind of time and frankly there is just TOO much to say. I will say that when my mom was in the hospital, DYING of cancer, my older sister took their car to do something and sold their handicapped sticker. She stole jewelry, money, their checkbook, my money, she lied about being raped, just to name a few. I'm sure you get the picture. She is NOT a nice person. It may be the drugs that are helping her do this shit, but that's only an excuse. She's been a user (of people) since I can remember.
I am always here, waiting for you. I believe your heart waits. We’ll both together, soon.
timely arrival, mutual survival, a synchronistic revival
Please join in the challenge this week for a chance to win a MFP stamp Set. You have until 3PM on Friday May 18, 2012 to post your card. Remember, if you use MFP a Heinrich Company stamps your name will be entered into the drawing twice.
Blog about this giveaway and leave a comment for another chance to win.
In the New Images category there are 86 new images never released. And in the Chloe category there are 35 new Chloe's not released. Now to price them. LOL it is a lot of work. Thanks for your help though.
But several fans are unhappy due to his arrest on Grammy night three years ago for assaulting the Bajan beauty.
Okay, good.
What has brought me to this place of solitary clarity? Beautiful Rutland Water which has meant so much to me over the years and has always helped me to think. I love being outdoors; no-where else am I so peaceful and calm.
646.722.6565
TE: Aron White, Georgia
Melon (Cantaloupe, Honey Dew, Watermelon)
I know that if you are a true tea drinker the use of a tea bag is a non acceptable way to quench the thirst. My latest crush, from the Parisian house Betjeman & Barton, does however make not only the prettiest tea bags but some of the best infusions I have tasted...the menthe poivrée in particular, xv.
1) I do not despise anyone, with the possible exception of Charles Dickens, who was just a real jerk to his poor first wife. But you might call that more of a personal grudge.
I'm terribly sorry for the trouble - it totally wasn't my intention. If you have any trouble, let me know, and I'll walk you through it. Thanks for reading!
Whenever God has interacted with humans God has done so in understandable terms. God did not speak to Abraham in English or Italian, nor did Jesus use parables that had to do with industrialization or computers. God meets people in their culture in their time and space in history. People then retell the stories and record them in some fashion in an effort to transmit these encounters and their meaning to other people or future generations.
Finnish lady, I do not know if these improper practices are a part of French business culture, but I can assure you they are not tolerable on the global nor the European level. In the business world, trust and loyalty are seen as implicit contracts with reciprocal obligations. Business ethics is a foundation of trust providing decision rules and values to act in different situations. To be able to trust you, we would first have to agree with your real ethical values …
Rejoicing, the party alongside the remnants of Thane Fenris’ expedition joined together and gathered to set out back towards the camp–their work, for a time, concluded. Thane Fenris spoke that he would return King Kroma’s remains to his clan–but assured that the group could count upon the support of the dwarves in the trials yet to come before the temple-city of Tsar. With such a large assemblage of warriors, the trek back to the camp went unmolested by wandering threats–and by the following morning, the well-wearied party had arrived back at safer environs.
The Weekly then relates the story of a man named Jim Gessleman. "Part of his regular job," we read, in reference to Gessleman's time in the Navy between 1955 and 1959, "was to escort a barge carrying radioactive waste under the Golden Gate Bridge and out into the Gulf of the Farallones. There, the bottom of the barge would open to release containers of radioactive waste into the sea." Horrifically: "Another part of Gessleman's job was to shoot holes in the barrels that didn't immediately sink, so that they would. He says he did his job – shooting about 10 to 20 barrels once or twice each week – which means that many of the Navy's radioactive waste containers were breached before they ever reached the bottom of the sea, and became part of what is known as the Farallon Islands Nuclear Waste Site."
Okay...it's time to clear up a myth. I don't know how this rumor got started, or how it got passed on through so many people, but it's time to put a stop to it right here and now, before it goes any further:
6 teaspoons flour
Need we be reminded of two verses in Romans 8? In verse 26, “We know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us.” Then in verse 28: “And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.” It is much easier to quote that verse than to put it into practice. We will not experience the truth of that verse until there is adversity.
Bill Miller :-)
I used the beautiful set 'We've Got Your Border-Baby Boy' set
Heat the milk in a small saucepan until it reaches 100-110 degrees. Remove from the heat immediately and pour into a mixer bowl. Add the yeast, sugar and butter. Fit the mixer with a dough hook and mix on medium speed until the mixture is homogenous. Add the eggs, one by one, and mix until just incorporated. In a separate bowl, mix the flours, nutmeg, cinnamon and salt. Gradually add the flour mixture to the dough. Knead until the mixture starts to form a sticky dough (4-5 minutes).
Who are the beneficiaries of this happy state of affairs? We don’t know: All the Panamanian companies are fronted by Panamanian lawyers and trustees.
The Stillwater Plumbing Repair and services are certified in all parts of the job which is very important if you are building a new home, they are trained experts to get the initial installation done right.
There is no standard writing system in Ojibwe because only recently has the Ojibwe language begun to be written down. Some people use "Phonetics" while others use "Syllabics" and others use the "Double Vowel System." No one way is right or wrong.
And in 40 days, not only will I have contributed to something, but it'll be April 8 and maybe I won't be so cold. See? Happiness for two reasons!
Cozy. Homey. Childhood.
I will be strong, till you hold my hands tight
Font Editor App
More than two-thirds of the defendants charged with an immigration offense were identified as having been previously arrested. Thirty-six percent had been arrested on at least 5 prior occasions; 22%, 2 to 4 times; and 12%,1 time.
Mehandipur Balaji Temple
Book-Smurfs, Comics
It reads like a sentence out of Dickens, and in more than one way, the thirty-seven page account of John (Joseph) Merrick in The Elephant Man and Other Reminiscences by Dr. Frederick Treves reveals just as much about the dreadful poverty, social ignorance, cruelty, and compassion of Victorian times as the thick tomes written by one of the preeminent novelists of the day.
by Jean Felice Eilbert (his mother)
Briiliant! Frickin' awesome! If you don't get this site, you were never a fan of the cheap beer and what it's purpose is....to get fucked up...for half the price...with just as much flavor as Budmilloors.
Well, here is the explosion purse I made. I used K. Andrew Design Stamps for the sentiment. The stamp set is called "Winged Things" and it is perfect for all the butterflies I have flying around on this purse. I can't wait to decorate it with pictures/notes, etc....on the inside.
and as i am about to get exited about
Sam squirmed, wishing he would look somewhere else or, even better, that he'd go away completely.
went silent.
In light of Sarah's piece above, an interesting historical fact relative to Enoch Powell's famous "Rivers of Blood Speech": the night of the speech and in the days that followed, Powell's office was flooded with thousands of telegrams and hundreds of letters. Ninety-seven percent were in support of Powell and his message. And yet the elites in the British government not only silenced Powell by removing him from his MP post, they also did the exact opposite of Powell, the anti-elites and the vast majority of British society were calling for, namely steep reductions in Third World immigration.
My first impulse was to post a picture of Ziva and Mike, the hosts of this hellish little exercise. They really put us through our paces. But getting Ziva from Finland and Mike from Colorado together for a picture, let alone that those two could agree on anything from one day to the next, was easier said than done. So we're going with the next best thing. The devil I live with every freakin' day.
Step Three - Fix the reed plates back into the plastic chamber which is actually the top holder. Screw back the plastic top holder on the kettle cover. Fill the whistling kettle with water and test it out.
In Hawaii, there are many of the local people who can’t understand the words in the King James Version of the Bible. For these people, the Bible has been translated into Pidgin English. Pidgin English originated as a form of communication used between native and non-native English speakers in Hawaii. It supplanted the Pidgin Hawaiian language used on the plantations and elsewhere in Hawaii. It has been influenced by many languages, including Portuguese, Hawaiian, and Cantonese. It also has been influenced to a lesser degree by the Spanish spoken by Mexican and Puerto Rican settlers in Hawaii. Today, most people raised in Hawaii can speak and understand Pidgin to some extent.
The winning prize will be the whole March Digi Release!! (The winner will be announced here on Friday, March 23rd.)
Rina
“Had.” I said, “Psychics are completely over rated.”
*This guide is in Eastern Standard Time.
"Sure, I am fine. Great, really."
Pinch 1 - Apply Pressure
The figures tabled in the House of Commons show the Canada Border Services Agency spent $22-million on the arrival of the MV Sun Sea, while the cost to the RCMP was $2.1-million. An extra $900,000 was allotted to the Immigration and Refugee Board.
1788 The first daily evening newspaper, the Star and Evening Advertiser, was published in London.
Alec added to his earlier comment, “I don’t ever pay attention to that team drama shit, and I picked up on the fact that she liked you. It was so obvious it was irritating.”
Our eyes meet as he exits the car, and ever so briefly, he flashes a polite half-smile my way. And in that moment, he is instantly my favourite poet.
'Exactly as you predicted, Mr. Graham,' said Madeline: 'blindman's buff at a quarter past three, and snap-dragon at five.'
Hello all! Life is slowly starting to return to normal after a wonderful, albeit hectic, Christmas holiday. I had family staying with me for a week and a half (4 people, one dog! ;-) ) and it was so fun - lots of cousin play time, good food, late night movies (most of which I slept through), and JUST DANCE parties on the Wii. This is going to sound really strange, but I'm just entering the world of Wii. My MIL gave us one for Christmas, and although my children have used one before at friends' houses, I've never even touched one. Well, I've got a few months before I'll see my sister again, and then we're having a Just Dance rematch baby! ;-)
The characters were undeveloped. It seemed like they had no lives outside of the main plot. Need to jump in a car and drive across the state in a dilapidated truck? No problem! I don’t have a life that doesn’t include the main character!
But I sure could use some advice about kegging. I've never had much luck with it.
What I really do love about this photo is how muddy Aidan's backside is! And he refused to wear shoes.... I guess I'm just lucky he had pants on.
1. Peel and cut all the fruits into small pieces.
SSTV (Still Simmering TV): It has potential, but the jury is still out
The flagship legislation, which late yesterday afternoon received Royal Assent, puts a raft of new rights and powers at the disposal of local people to take charge of their future, delivering on more than 30 coalition agreement commitments.
The Church is God’s vision of united mankind – a union achieved through the gift of God and not by human effort. It is a union which maintains a diversity of sorts (the languages do not become one “super” language – so much for the “unity” of Latin) but a diversity whose unity is found in true union with the one, living and true God. The gospel proclaimed by the apostles on the day of Pentecost, though preached in many languages, was one and the same gospel.
The pink of Barielle Belly Dance made the perfect canvas for some nail art! Despite the rainy weather of recent, I know we're in spring and I wanted something to reflect that.
Every year I swear that I'm not going to get sucked in by the hype and hoopla.
Being offered as one block of four units with a gross rental income of $54,000pa or as individual units. Perfect for singles or couples of all ages, more information
“The truth that sets us free is often the one we don’t want to hear.” ~unknown
~Wear a bright pair of shoes (try a bold yellow or turquoise and keep other accessories neutral).
(If the granita has become too hard, scrape it with a large metal spoon to break up the ice crystals.) Serve at once.
Whitby – as mentioned, torrential rain and gale force winds – we managed one decent day,where we went for a walk on the beach – the rest of it was spent running to and from the pub/takeaway/shops.
Because that's where you'll find the new home of Facebook, located on the former Sun Microsystems campus, Facebook's new headquarters sits at the foot of the Menlo Park side of the Dumbarton bridge. We had to go. I'd seen on the news there is a giant "Like" sign so I wanted to take a picture with it.
As much as I have raved about some of the tracks featured so far, I don’t love any of them as much as I love the next five tracks I am going to feature here. The next five tracks I am going to discuss are my five favorites of the month. Just for an added element of fun, I decided to do them in ascending order, all leading up to my very favorite single of the month. So, let’s get on with those.
Moving along… who made the best three dishes?
Much, much more.
In the mail, a large white box. In the box, a bunch of white paper. Under the paper (no bubblewrap, sadly!) the most charming wreath. From dear Kim at http://witchcatsblog.blogspot.com/
Everyone loves a Twitter shit storm, right? Whilst we’ve had numerous targets of the over-the-top rage in previous months, the spotlight falls on curly-headed Gooner Alan Davies this time around. On Davies’ Arsenal podcast The Tuesday Club last Wednesday, he made the valid point that Liverpool should play their F.A. Cup Semi-Final against Everton a day later on the 15th of April (the anniversary of the Hillsborough tragedy) to help ease Chelsea’s ridiculous fixture congestion that sees them play Tottenham, Arsenal and the two Barcelona games within a ten day period. He also stated that Liverpool still play on the Heysel anniversary and other clubs play on the anniversaries of their tragedies as well.
Key Findings
7. Champions commit themselves to the ministry of a local church. They don’t float around! Only those who are planted in the courts of our God will flourish (Psalms 92:12-14). And don’t tell me you can’t seem to find a perfect church. Even if you find one, don’t join. Why? You’ll make it imperfect! Find a Bible-based church that teaches the Word of God and connect yourself with that family of faith. Find a place to serve there. Actively participate in the body-life and you’ll see the results.
We hope you will be able to play along with us with this sketch... it's clean and simple and fun to do!
let me be yours.
I protested, weakly, that we were going after the bankers big time - but he was in full flow now.
“Sis.” She said, “Why do you need to have all these labels? Do you really forget which drawer is for panties?” She gave me a look that was half way between pity and a satisfied smirk.
Who Are the Evangelicals?17 is an interesting account by Derek Tidball “tracing the roots of today’s movements” in which he also shows the varied spectrum of contemporary evangelical belief and practice. Regrettably, Tidball only devotes three brief sentences to the 1966 incident.18 He does remind us, however, that “Evangelicals in other mainline denominations have trodden a path similar to Anglican Evangelicals. Among the Baptists, Mainstream was formed; among Methodists, Headway and among the United Reformed Church, Gear. In each, Evangelicals have become more committed to their denominations”. 19
Although the following photos aim to show a French style of living, I believe the pictorial actually took place in Hainan, China.
This is great nostalgic american comedy about Christmas, this movie is cute and really fun.
—Henry David Thoreau
After about 30 minutes of crying and soaking, Marc told me to get out and he would give me a good massage to help me relax. I got out, put on some comfy clothes and laid down. Marc talked calmly to me while he gave me a good back rub and I was on the edge of sleep.
Continuing with the theme of family dinners, this healthy, comforting cabbage soup is full of nutrients and is a great way to incorporate winter vegetables into your meals. I think of winter as a time to cook rustic, peasant-style dishes that satisfy cold-weather cravings. It is a time when one pot meals shine and are best at creating a bowl of "comfort." There are days when nothing satisfies more than a bowl of steaming hot khichdi with yogurt or spicy chole and roti. Other days, especially relaxing Sundays, are perfect for simple hearty soups, and who doesn't love having leftovers for the upcoming weeknights.
Ingredients for chicken
-If any of you gringos (aka “gringos“) would like to host a Training Camp, let us know. We have a few more dates to be filled and would love to get the schedule completely booked. Email Laura@OutlawCrossFit.com to set something up (do not email me, I will not answer you, I can’t help it, it’s the ADDs).
Here are the ones I know about in my corner of the universe:
Not yours.
Being a huge King fan, I was fairly disappointed in this collection. It's not one I would add to my bookshelf. But the man sure can turn a phrase...so it certainly isn't all bad, just not one of his better offerings.
A note about Splendid. I’ve had experiences where the shirts have been appropriately long, and other times they’ve run a little long for my liking; however, the one nice thing is that they are not super tight when long, in other words, they won’t awkwardly bunch around your lower waist/hips over your jeans.
Had a good chat with the lovely man who runs the Dartford Working Mans club, and having established that the train goes there (!) will be attending their St George's day festival- come on down if you want to see my badge!
The judgement brought to an end a trial that began in 2006 when McBride crashed a state-owned car on the R511 highway after a Christmas party.
But I thought that was normal all over the US. It’s illegal here, yeah; but so was alcohol at a time and people still drank. I prefer stoners to violent drunks, personally, and I tend to think of marijuana as a silly, mostly harmless drug. I don’t see why it’s illegal other than some historic fear and propaganda, but I don’t care either way, really. I just think that the laws should serve the people, not the reverse, and I really hate hypocrisy.
Swim under a waterfall in The Amazon
I am currently researching smoking methods, so if you have any tips, let me know in the comments, please.
Mirror Jeannie Baker (Walker Books)
"Her breasts appeared and disappeared at the surface of the soapy water. I'd never had the chance to study them before. Her nipples looked like Tootsie Rolls." (p. 8).
The Great Bear Rain Forest is one of the parks that is highly prized by the people of this province and it will be in danger if this pipeline is built. Also, reported elsewhere in a report, close to 34 other parks will be put at risk as well as waterways.
More broadly, the move reflects Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s vision of proper federal and provincial roles, in which Ottawa is far less active in areas of provincial jurisdiction like natural resource management, environmental protection and health policy. Mr. Oliver’s announcement in Toronto puts some flesh on the promise contained in the March 30 budget that Ottawa would streamline the environmental assessment process to provide more timely reviews of major resource projects. Critics have already warned that the government is prepared to rubber-stamp resource developments regardless of their environmental impact even as it works to demonize opponents as “radical” and “foreign funded” groups that are working to undermine the national economic interest.
Everyone's seen those cute colourful monogrammed iPhone cases around the web, but who wants to pay fifty plus hard earned bucks for something that you'll probably either break or tire of after a few months? Not I! I knew there had to be a way to do this on a budget (and give myself some more options to boot!), so I decided to take a crack at it myself. This was a pretty easy project and only took me a few hours to come up with over 10 designs.
*Eric Carle
Not really. I think that the thing that the quilting industry has gotten better at is appreciating that we are all different, so different things appeal to different quilters. I was a bit over the modern/traditional argument that happened in 2011, there is space for all of us in the quilting industry regardless of how and what we identify with.
Bringing Aries energy to you:
9) ABA/Routing Number;
Many people remember our ANZACs on this special day by baking ANZAC biscuits. These biscuits were baked by the wives and mothers of the soldiers in World War I, and sent in food parcels to those fighting in the trenches. Made with oats, golden syrup and coconut, they are still an Aussie favourite today.
Usually, when I color an image and make the card,
Length: Full length (227 pages)
There was more of a focus this week on Pete who wants to be powerful, respected and have a nice family, yet when he gets it, doesn’t seem to want it, or realise he that in fact, he has it. He has a wife that even Don likes, and he likes next to nobody. It was amusing when she called him out on the excuses for not attending the party. Pete really wants to be Don, or what he perceives Don to be, a kind of intelligent, respected, playboy, but realising little of what problems that life and choices, has brought Don. At the dinner party Pete was desperate for Don’s respect, and then felt one upped when Don fixed the leaky tap. He also realised he didn’t have Don’s touch, when with the girl in the driver’s ed class. He later, after the upscale whorehouse, is annoyed at Don’s disapproving attitude, not realising that Don is trying without saying to point out one of his mistakes.
I have had the pleasure of running into two of those enthusiasts this Easter and last. The venue was, appropriately enough, the Kulminator in Antwerpen, which gets filled up with Danish beer pilgrimes every Easter. Eastcoast home brewers Michael and Tom kindly donated a bottle of their Brewer's Ale (on the picture) last Good Friday, and it is definitely not a beer for crucifixion. It has nice orangey amber colour with a thick off-white head, yielding a grassy and sweet aroma, and flavours that balance well, though a bit on the sweet side.
How the House of Representatives voted: 269-161 roll call Monday — the House passed Budget Control Act of 2011 –
Money was abolished, books were burned, teachers, merchants, and almost the entire intellectual elite of the country were murdered, to make the agricultural communism, as Pol Pot envisioned it, a reality.
He says that the old imperative for an "integration" of the book and music is really a red herring, and that "coherence" is a better suited term for the form.
be offering these in a bundle pack for only $40.00 ... how amazing it that ..
We're thinking of starting a new venture based on her found items and my need to fix things up, so of course I had to set up a vignette and take a few pictures.
What I mean is… yeah I DO have that pain …but I only give credence to it for so long.
Cars 2 takes place in a bigger, flashier and complex world than its predecessor but sadly, it is also louder, less emotional and more self-indulgent than the first film. When Cars came out in 2006, the novelty of an anthropomorphic world of automobiles somewhat evened out the chinks in the uneven script, now, this sequel seems so generic. Part of Cars 2 failure lies in the fact that it puts the sidekick (an annoying one at that) in the centre movie making its hero impotent. The first film was about the arrogant hotshot Lightning McQueen, the racing car, learning the error of his ways through his dimwitted but affable pal Mater, the tow truck. Unwisely, Ben Queen’s script puts Pancho before Quixote, alternately mocking him and wanting us to sympathize with him. And Mater, as it is clear from ‘Air Mater’, the bonus short that comes on the DVD, is endearing only in short doses and his bumbling shtick is often grating. But Cars 2 is by no means a bad film. It is just a sub-par effort which is hard to accept, especially as it is coming from Pixar, the animation giant that has trotted out 11 consecutive critical and commercial smashes. But some of the things work wonderfully. Like the Bond-inspired action set piece that begins the film, or the marvelous animation, be it the neon-lit streets of Tokyo or the idyllic scenery of Italy. The voice cast is equally good; Michael Caine is too good as the British spy car Finn McMissile and John Turturro as the racing car Francesco Bernoulli, McQueen’s pompous rival, is quite funny. And, the film moves at a breakneck speed that makes you ignore all its faults, at least when it is playing.
I’m not asking if you think He created the earth or if He cares for unborn babies.
Leaving for Colorado soon.
Our History is Our Strength Working Women, Poor Women, House Wives! HOUSE WIVES, MOTHERS, SISTERS…FIGHT FOR YOUR CIVIL RIGHTS! Women? Jon Stewart Remembers the President’s “Ultimate, Last Push” on Obamacare Women of America, It's the 21st Century. Unite and Protest! "Sisters are doing it for Themselves"! Obama On The Republican Corporate Power Grab Justice Grimaces As Obama Criticizes Court Stephen Colbert SuperPac Concept(?)
“Evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived.”
Goulash soup (sort of beef stew with tomato broth and potato and carrots and lots of paprika) + kind of potato casserole made with egg, sour cream and sausage + a Greek salad (for my California sanity) + elderflower juice.
As always, her gut told her the exact moment to let go, and she released her grip. Over her pounding heart, she heard the arrow's familiar whistling sound. A silver streak in the bright afternoon sun - then, as if drawn by a magnet, the arrow struck the bullseye with a satisfying thunk.
How can I go without saying to my wife that she is really beautiful and most caring wife in this world..??
“Out Of This World” – a lesser known Harold Arlen song.
Dear Pat,
Our guide, Poniso, immediately stopped the car and we quietly waited to see if this giraffe will reveal herself. Within a minute of motionless silence, this giraffe cow stepped out of the camouflage of the acacia tree into the open as if to admit defeat in a game of hide and seek. We were taken by her beauty and couldn’t believe our good fortune as we viewed her through our camera lenses. When our shutters stopped snapping, Poniso whispered to us that she was hiding a calf.
9:20: Bluebird starts working on her math worksheets, I start Penguin's Math lesson. Penguin complains because her "pencil is bad at writing today."
9. Slow One
First of all, Happiest Mothers Day to all you mommas out there! I have friends who are celebrating their first official mothers day this year (Sarah & Jenny Mae...... ) and of course, my mom who's celebrating her 27th mothers day today!..... no matter if its you 1st, or 101st, I hope your day is awesome :)
Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country
Listen to those around you.
Deep Relaxation
Lentils have become a staple around here. They are so versatile and tasty. They've gone and done it again here. I didn't miss the meat one bit! We should really have more vegetarian meals. We rarely eat red meat at home as it is but we do eat a fair amount of chicken.
The Gospel Trail is marked by stone cairns that are sometimes 500 meters apart. These cairn markers are harder and more expensive to maintain.
On March 16th, President Obama signed a new Executive Order which expands upon a prior order issued in 1950 for Disaster Preparedness, and gives the office of the President complete control over all the resources in the United States in times of war or emergency.
3. Short Cuts, Robert Altman, 1993.
You can stream our entire album. Let’s face it: NOBODY REALLY KNOWS WHO THE HELL D.B. COOPER DUO IS. In our opinion, 30-90 second previews are stupid because you don’t build an audience by selling music, but by building an audience to sell music. You can’t beat hearing our entire album for FREE on Bandcamp. You can stream our music any time you want (for as many times as you want). Bandcamp provides our music at an incredible speed and makes our lyrics available to you. That way, you can rock out and sing (or scream) along.
But after a while, people stop caring about the explanations. Your friends get hurt when you forget their birth. Your boss gets frustrated when you keep forgetting a task you’ve been told to do three times. You’re messing everything up, and the reason stops mattering because you’re creating too much chaos.
But somehow these days I'm always drafting stories in the first person. Perhaps the subconscious is wanting to leak out that first person voice and strengthen it.
Obviously, I’m not a farmer. Unlike the ancients, I can eat and drink through dry seasons without giving the rain or shine a second thought.
I used two different freezer jam pectins. The one on the left you add sugar too and the one on the right has the sugar included. I can't really tell the difference. I had the one on hand and the other was what the store had. There is a price difference, but if you figure that you don't have to add the sugar, then it probably evens out.
Fleming did “discover” penicillin after Duchesne passed away, and he did truly believe his discovery was a first because he never cared to research if anyone had worked with it before. He worked with it briefly, declared it useless, and discarded it like trash. Thankfully other scientists perked up at the announcement, went back to Duchesne’s research, continued where he left off and eventually learned it’s uses and how to mass produce it. So even though he was years behind the actual discovery and had no idea what it was, what it could do, and considered his time working with it to be a complete waste, he was more than happy to claim the credit for everyone else’s work.
“World, I am your slow guest,
One of our two vehicles is near death and it is only a matter of time before we are down to one car. Can't afford to fix it.
Cute Cartoon Portraits: Where do you get your inspiration from?
TOTAL 5,450
Langkawi has many beautiful beaches and a respite from a lifestyle of stress.
Only one recommendation when playing with pomegranates....Don't wear white, xv.
Still, I think Bethsoft can make that crowd happy by hiring a few as bug testers, setting them up in an office somewhere and having them go through the game world (which they won’t see again once the game goes live) looking for problems. It may not make them buy the final product, but then again, it just might help convince them the series might make a decent MMO after all. Me, I’m praying that it’s not the curse of Final Fantasy here, where the quality of all the new games went upwards visually, but sideways in terms of gameplay after it went online. Yes, FFXI did OK overall, but it still alienated a chunk of the base that the numbering system was used for a game they never got to play. That said, the second big online FF (XIV) was a step backward off the dance floor and into the abyss, with even the publisher acknowledging the game wasn’t as good as it should have been.
2) - Brooklyn Dukes, think the "Duke of Flatbush"...Duke Snider.
Hello old and new friends,
So I used to get my hair cut at John’s Barber Shop up on Route 6. It was a slightly cramped and slightly antique little place off the parking lot, tucked behind the stores that face the road. John was a small energetic barber with an Italian accent and a small staff of sub-barbers, most of them as far as I remember female, John and the staff and many of the customers at least as old as me, maybe even one generation back.
Vehicle mode: FE 8, RID 9
Opening now...I can smell the malt straight out the bottle. That baby looks so cute...pours good but I gotta get a little vigorous to get some head. Now it's pretty heady. I can smell the sweet malts and flowery hops on this baby. Straw colored with a poofy Mother of Pearl colored head. I'll let my two fingers of head settle and have more swine. It pops in big bubbles and is taking it's sweet time. And the head has a bit of lace on it as well. Some more rice and swine, and now for the booze itself...better be bomb...I've tasted much hoppier, but it's very good. Strong hops with strong malt for balance. Medium carbonation and my tongue is still feeling the bitterness a full 60 seconds afterward. The wife tells me it's 8.5% ABV, cool beans. My tongue is ubertingly. Another draught...goes down smooth and pretty durn drinkable, medium-to-full body. Yes. I may like Broken Halo IPA a little better...I need to review them officially some day. Those chumps at Central Market are doing well. This pork chop is so good, and slightly spicy. I'll try Wallop again with some very spicey food this weekend. Can't believe I got f8cking Jury Duty, I say lock 'em all up. The judge keeps nodding off during the trial. It feels good as it warms a bit more in my 2005 North Carolina championship mug. I remember I couldn't stop screaming when the Heels got one. I even called a friend I hadn't talked to in 2 years. Hops mfing Wallop. Sounds like something out of an Amos & Andy show. Brothas would be so fired up if this cat was black. About halfway down and it's tasting a little better. I let it warm up, so it's about 60 F now. I don't care what the wife says, I'm getting another helping of rice. He's hot, he's spicy, he taste great, he's Curry MAN!!! Damn this stream of consciousness crap. I'm getting more of the caramelly malt in there now, I guess at some point I should make an attempt to see what else they put in the Wallop. Another draught bartender...that girl was fine, but she knows my wife and I can't cheat on her, waaaaaaay too much paperwork, I'm talking about the girl at Two Rows that is. There's the ALCOHOL. You can't get a beer that's probably twice the alcohol of a Miller Lite, and be able to hide it through the whole 12 ounce experience, that's what I'll have to call my review style, the "12 ounce experience". Damn this devil's swine...Barack Obama better win. I get to caucus and vote in texas. I already voted for his black ass, and I dare someone to stand up to 6-2 230 lbs of black man in the Cy-Fair caucus. Maybe I'll get a few hard piping hitting n*ggas to roll with me like the brotha in Pulp Fiction. I'm so glad the baby likes me now. She's smilin. Yeay. I guess I should stop the stream writing before someone finds out I'm only voting for Obama b/c he's black, and that under normal circumstances (read everyone's a white man) I would be voting for John McCain...sh*t. last draught and I'm getting more of the common malt tastes most beer use. The hops aftertaste is not killer. Some cats would call this a Hop Bomb, but I'm not biting. I measure my hop bombs by the face I make. If I don't cringe, it ain't a bomb, bottom line. But I may call this one a Wow beer like those chumps from Craft Beer podcast. Probably more for the great balance. Maybe Victory raided the Dogfish Head recipe, or vice versa. I think 60 minute is a little better, but Go 'Head Victory. Done.
On our upcoming show we are going to dig into this subject. Are black quarterbacks judged by the same standard as their white counterparts, or are they judged by standards many find hard to overcome? It seems that the natural “athleticism” of the Micheal Vicks of world benefit them all throughout their amateur careers, yet it becomes an albatross around their necks on the pro level. What about the amateur coaches? Are our pop warner, high school and college coaches doing these players a disservice by not truly developing them as “prototypical” QB’s?
I think when we adopt dogs it's just human nature to imagine what their life was before they were with us. Especially if they were found as strays.
Early on Friday morning, September 14, 2001, before the national memorial service for the thousands of people who died at the World Trade Center in New York City, the U.S. Pentagon in Washington, D.C., and on the fields of Pennsylvania by those who heroically gave their lives, my heart cried out with the heavy weight of humanity’s anguish and fear.
*) Admonish doctors and nurses in Scotland to refrain from eating in front of their Muslim patients and colleagues during the month of Ramadan.
Scrooge’s Guide to Christmas in Paris: Part II is coming soon, with even more tips and tricks to enjoy your holiday!
The American strategic approach has been most clearly laid out by Secretary of State Clinton, who last year in Chennai, India told the audience of America’s desire to “work together to create a new Silk Road, . . . an international web and network of economic and transit connections.” While the United States is clearly eager for the entire region to be developed, later Clinton highlighted one of the U.S. key rationales for this approach: “An Afghanistan firmly embedded in the economic life of a thriving South and Central Asia would be better able to attract new sources of foreign investment, connect to markets abroad and provide people with credible alternatives to insurgency.” In other words, it is a strategy focused on tying Afghanistan economically into its neighborhood, which will help facilitate American withdrawal. An “action request” leaked soon after Clinton’s speech confirmed that this New Silk Road strategy was Clinton’s “number-one policy priority” for Central and South Asia.
from dawn to dusk of humanity thine's grace i shall seek
And His (Allah’s) Statement:
Olay Lotion $6.99
Fugazi; formed in 1987 in the wake of DC hardcore iconoclasts, Minor Threat; consciously rejected these acts and attitudes of their contemporaries and wrote their own set of rules. In sound, Fugazi were a punk band as aggressive as their contemporaries but did not condone the physical displays of immaturity that would occur at such performances (Khanna, 2007). The four individuals that formed the group chose art over commerce, debate over violence and sobriety over intoxication. They formed their own standards, ethics, and business practices with a DIY attitude. To me, these are the most punk and professional actions ever.
Synopsis (from bn.com).
2010.08.07 Afghanistan Helmand 5 13 A bomb hidden in a wheelbarrow leaves five innocents dead.
But the other wolf, ah! He is full of anger. The littlest thing will set him into a fit of temper. He fights everyone, all the time, for no reason. He cannot think because his anger and hate are so great. It is helpless anger,for his anger will change nothing.
This was a great visual, both for clubbers and for parents. At the end of the night, I noticed kids showing parents their progress…a little peer pressure can be a good thing, that’s exactly why we have incentive nights, to get kids (and parents) motivated to complete their handbooks (12 kids worked hard for 20 sections and the large candy choice).
For the first time in four months, it is safe to eat raw oysters raw again.
so although I am not a great photographer I will put some up
“Democracy always criticizes its institutions, it is normal,” he said. “Only wealthy societies have stable democracy.”
Looking to stimulate the senses? Pop over to the Elle Moss Photography blog this month for the 21 Day Photography Challenge. Get your daily dose of eye-candy and perhaps some inspiration.
The RM8,000 monthly rental is paid for by the rakyat and that excludes his electricity, water and Astro bills!
lacking. I still can’t hold a pencil correctly. I have trouble with sports. Dancing is near impossible for me. I’m drop things a lot and stumble and trip on a daily basis. I cannot cut straight with scissors.
Two more Kaiwei please. For me and my good friend over there.
Well, enough about me....what do you like to do to get moving? When it's not so cold I really like to shovel the driveway (crazy, huh?). I also like snowshoeing though I don't do it very often. I would love to find more winter time activities!
HARRISBURG – Today Governor Tom Corbett revealed his FY 2012-13 state budget proposal, which cuts funding for Pennsylvania’s 14 state-owned universities by 20 percent, or $82.5 million. The president of the association representing 6,000 faculty members and coaches at the State System of Higher Education (PASSHE) institutions expressed dismay that the governor has once again attempted to balance the budget on the backs of students and their working families.
There are two indices in Ireland, both quarterly, which track changes to prices of commercial property. The smaller 32 property sample index is that produced by property services giant Jones Lang Lasalle (JLL) and involves JLL’s people examining a portfolio of property and revaluing prices and rents. The larger 287 property sample index is produced by the Society of Chartered Surveyors in Ireland (SCSI – the merged body created earlier this year from the Society of Chartered Surveyors and the Irish Auctioneers and Valuers Institute) together with global property information company Investment Property Databank (IPD) The JLL index tends to be published each quarter before the SCSI/JLL index and because NAMA’s Long Term Economic Value Regulations makes reference to both as reputable sources of information, the JLL index is used to calculate the NWL index and also the performance of Irish commercial property shown at the top of this page. Both indices display a remarkable historical correlation – indeed at the end of Q1, 2011 the JLL index indicated Irish property was 60.9% off peak whilst the SCSI/IPD index was ~62% off peak.
Here we are, Margaret, still striving, still trying and enjoying the fruits of your labour.
The best thing about the show yesterday was coming home....I have been wanted to post a picture of the house redo, but that wonderful teal blue foundation color was still there. But yesterday (thanks to a bunch of post a note reminders) my wonderful hubby got to work on that. This is what the front of the house looked like last November
I’m not just talking about pet peeves or annoyances that gnaw at you throughout the day or give you that special headache. We all have these. But there’s another type of “mad” that does more than just make you search the cupboards for the nearest Advil. There are things, big things, (and they may be different for each one of us) that stir a holy frustration in our hearts and motivate us to take action.
Being a nervous traveller, I left everything to last minute. We were due to leave for the airport Monday and my suitcase was still empty on Sunday. I had not been through the holiday details and I had not dug out my passport- all I knew was that the flight was at seven in the evening.
I’m unloading records I want the streets to hear. Cleaning out my hard drives. Gonna do this, then start fresh. I’m dropping my solo LP before the summer of 2011. I love the energy the world has been giving me over the last two years. But now it’s time to focus on owning the streets again.
8.) The Silver Chair (UK, 1990)
Dhi is the thinking part of your mind.
Haven't written a word since I got back.
Between all the commotion of trying to set up a temporary base, and running around looking for quotations for equipment that we desperately needed, I also attended so many crime scenes that I didn’t even bother diarizing the details in my private journals. Despite the fact that most of the killings were taking place in typical warlike fashion, every single shooting incident in the province still had to be professionally managed as if it were a crime scene, and not a war zone. Many crimes scenes were attended while wearing bulletproof vests!
Last Sunday, my aunt and my mother completed a half-marathon. They walked the 13.1 miles. I ran it last year, but this year I did not train. The excuses were my schedule and being sick a few times, but again, the truth of the matter is, if I worked hard enough, if I tried hard enough, I could've done it. And as I watched the runners come through, and as I watched my mother and my aunt cross that finish line, I had a conflict of emotions--insane pride for my mother and aunt for accomplishing something so amazing, and intense disappointment in myself. I loathe the feeling of regret, and I am fortunate that I have relatively few regrets, but this one hurt. And although my aunt and my mom didn't come down on me for it, I was disappointed in myself. I felt I had let them down.
That’s a real quote from my housemate. She was merrily typing along when one character slammed his fish into another character’s jaw. The second character wondered aloud where the first character had gotten such a large salmon, especially since they were standing in the bowels of a castle in the middle of a land-locked nation. The first character replied that their story’s plot no longer held water. More aquatic puns ensued, and the writing project never really recovered.
Seven days a week.
Spring greetings everyone!
As soon as I saw the cover for this book I wanted to read it. I have a borderline-unhealthy love/hate relationship with lightning, for a start. I'm terrified of it but I just find it fascinating, particularly how every strike victim is affected differently (something Bosworth addresses very early on), and the beautiful Lichtenberg figures (or 'lightning trees') that bloom across the skin afterwards. It's also one of the most powerful covers I've seen yet in 2012 and definitely one of my favourite YA covers of recent years.
Day 8 (Tuesday)
What an amazing reminder of the grace of God! He gives them what they want, and so much more!
What they did was "resist", they resisted being locked up on reserves or settlements aka concentration camps, they resisted theft of not only their homeland, but their personal property and trade items that were stolen from them such as pemmican they had worked hard and long to prepare, and furs they had also worked long and hard to prepare as trade items. I am pretty sure a lot of the labour of the women went into preparation of those furs, hides, and pemmican too.
Artie Singer and local disc jockey Larry Brown got a meeting with Dick Clark, who had now become extremely influential in the music business, and played a demo of the song for him. Dick sat still while he listened and when it finished he said, "I like it, but it's the wrong title." Artie was willing to do anything to turn his song into a hit record, so he asked Dick Clark what he thought they should call it. After thinking it over for a few seconds, Dick came up with a new title, At The Hop. Tony Mammarella, who had been sitting in on the meeting, liked the idea. The Bop was a passing dance craze at the time, but kids across the country were dancing at record hops every night. Artie agreed to change the lyrics, and Tony suggested that they let Dick Clark's company publish the song. Artie agreed, not even knowing that Tony had a stake in the publishing company. Nat agreed to manage the group and asked Jerry Blavet to go on the road with them.
Ken Takakura (Mr. Baseball)
What do you do that you don’t necessarily enjoy just to spend time with someone you love?
and some Bows and Hair ties.
For some modern versions of the above, you may enjoy comparing the model villages with the ones we have here in Lanzarote at Christmas. Almost every village has a Belén, some of which are vast and reproduce most of the local details faithfully. They start building them in October and after Christmas they are all dismantled!
Fact; My computer’s name is Fred. xP
I went back to a conversation a family member had with someone else close to me. Let’s call the one who told me the story B and the second person G.
According to our text, and as one might well expect, Paul’s training was perfect. It was accurate, exact in all details. Gamaliel was a Pharisee and trained Paul to be of that zealous element as well. We see this in Acts 23:6.
At first I found the music to be somewhat annoying with its twangy vocals, but being musically curious as I have tended to be my entire life, I began to be drawn to the music. The clips ran in rotation and over time I became familiar with the songs and they began to catch on with me.
"David, why do you think garden slugs don't light up at night?"
I'm packed. I've got a skateboard and a back up deck in case the one I'm riding now breaks. I've got rain gear and cold weather gear. I've got my trusty Port-A-Brace full of tools and what what.
Part of our continuing series of beer travel guides, below is San Francisco as written by my e-pal Brian Yaeger. Brian should be everyone's hero as he actually makes a living writing about beer. You can pick up his book, "Red, White and Brew" or read his column on beer traveling in All About Beer magazine (the July 2011 edition of said magazine has a picture of Steven Pauwels in it and Brian's column focuses on KC's world class burgers). Brian has lived in San Francisco for many years, though he is now a Portland resident. He felt more comfortable writing about San Francisco for our purposes here. So, I give you Brian Yaeger's San Francisco.
Now the reason why I talk about that is because the same goes with HOW you shoot. A month or two ago I went out and photographed the trails by my house. When I came home and started editing them, I noticed that how I would edit one picture, would be completely different from how I would edit another.
Women, of course, hardly appear. This is probably for the best, since it spares us the claim that rape victims are merely aspiring rapists too ‘weak’ to rape anyone else. But while Nietzsche is hardly to be excused the failing of presenting oppressors as the model for all humanity, in doing so he is not novel; this is what culture has done for millennia.
- Isaiah
One of the main problems that young Scottish footballers face throughout their development is the brutality of rejection from a club that they have invested years of their lives in. Gary Mackay-Steven is one of those players, having been released by Liverpool last summer before taking the decision to go part-time playing for Airdrie United. It was during this period that he caught the eye of Peter Houston and the rest was history. Mackay-Steven has played 19 times for United this season already with two goals and copious amounts of assists. He seems to have the mental toughness that is needed to thrive in this game and is a player who should go onto bigger and better things.
2) Despite repeated complaints about one of the security services, specifically Axe Security (another business you should run away from very VERY fast if you find you're allotted to a compound that uses them), last night we had a brawl out the frot of the compound as the Axe guard has a little business on the side.. he charges people money for re-charging their mobile phones, using the compound power. Now I am all good for a bit of entrepreneurial nous, but when the owner of one mobile phone came to collect and didn't have the money, a brawl broke out.
God, You know I just can’t see beyond the door
Note: This post was written yesterday afternoon and I thought I had published it.
To save some money here and there on lunches I decided to make some soup. Jamie Oliver’s tomato soup recipe is simple, easy and delicious! I made a huge batch of it, enough to last the whole week with some left over for the boyfriend. After a couple of days of soup without the accompaniment of bread I started to get a little bored and craved it a bit. To continue my money-saving streak I had a quick sift through my cupboards and decided I had everything I needed to make some bread.
You belong here if … you’ve almost gotten hit by a car walking across the street on multiple occasions. You also know at least one person who has gotten hit going across Main Street.
Entering back into the workforce today I have only a few regrets about the holiday past, and the biggest one is that I didn’t score myself a leftovers plate! We went to an “orphans feast” of types for Thanksgiving and I have never, I mean NEVER seen that great a variety or mass of food outside of a chow hall. It was cruh-razy. (The photo above is table 1-of-4, by the way. And we didn’t even get to TWO whole turkeys.) Crazier, perhaps, were my favorite dishes of the day! So I’m going to share them with you along with similar-looking recipes. Because odds are good I’ll be making these myself very soon…
2. You have felt while reading the epic that it has more to offer than only the story.
I kind of thought it was a good idea, but it didn't feel right. I felt like I was cheating on TBNIL. The goal was to find motivation to post, but it went the other way. I felt less motivated to post there than I did here.
Sometimes my flamenco life just takes over. If you think blogging can become an obsession it is a pale shadow compared to flamenco and having this home away from home has opened up my world in ways I would never have imagined.
2 garlic cloves minced
According to a recent study by the Washington Post, respondents were asked the question “How happy is your life compared to that of people who are married or in long-term relationships,” 41.1% of people who took the survey said they don’t think there is much difference, 21.1% of respondents thought they were some what happier, and 11.4% of respondents thoughts that they were happier. Out of 100%, 73.6% of respondents thought that they were either happier, somewhat or equally as happy as those who were in a committed relationship/married. When asked “Are you actively looking for a serious relationship with a romantic partner,” 59.5% of respondents said they are not actively looking but would be open to a relationship if the right person came along.
That also doubled as icy Diamond-studded seats!
Unlike most girly weddings I’m staying away from the peaches, pinks and reds. My theme would have a blue or teal palette. Everything from the flowers, to the cake to the table cloth.
Freak Man proceeded, for the whole hour and a half flight, to mumble almost incomprehensible things to me, nonfucking stop. I did catch something about his wife having left him after almost a year of marriage, which my thought was not "oh poor you" but more like "Wow, how on earth did you get someone to marry you?" Something about him being scared of flying, and how he likes to have the window down (I of course, being slightly claustrophobic in small spaces, was like "NO! Window UP window UP!!!! Must have light and space!" Something about his job, he was indeed a trucker (which makes me fear for my life now every time I ever see an 18 wheeler because if THAT is the kind of guy driving those behemoths, I mean, holy shit?) In between his ramblings, which I desperately tried to fend off with intense interest in my book, he spit into his jar of evil, and let me tell you, that did NOT smell good. I finally had to turn the air on high and sort of point it at him to blow the smell of bad breath tobacco and decay away from me. He then said he was cold and turned it off. Grrr....
"with the stroke of a pen."...)
Years after leaving the White House, Jefferson writes to an inquisitive foreigner,
Every believer could benefit from this book.
I hope to be a voice that celebrates us, though, in the New Year and for however long the coverage of unmarried women continues to be skewed in the direction of women fixing themselves. Thanks to the readers I’ve heard from already — looking forward to more conversations in 2012. Happy New Year!
21-45 Book worm
All demos are made and recorded by myself. And I made the whole drum part on the computer. But it's just like drawing up basic guidelines, so I need to change a little more.
Tracking Progress – Success in music comes from knowing the good and bad results of your efforts. – LW Music Consulting YouTube Video –
Oh, and that condemnation that Satan will throw at us for past, forgiven sins? We need to throw it along with the work of the cross right back at Him because those sins have been nailed to the cross, cancelled out by the blood of the Lamb, and removed from us as far as the east is from the west (Ps. 103:12).
At this point I was wishing I knew how to use the video on my camera, the birds were singing away and were wonderful to listen to. Please use your imagination when looking at the photos below and listen to the bird song.
And they were lovely. I know you probably wouldn’t think to described 800s as lovely, and normally I wouldn’t either, but that is how much I have missed them!
The video above is a classic. There’s a brief Dutch subtitled interview with the band before it cuts to a live performance of “New Europeans”. This song seems to embody the apocalypse in all its compellingly schadenfreude glory. When the world financial system finally collapses under it’s own weight, I’ll be fanging around post-Apocalyptic Forster with this blaring out of the car speakers, raiding petrol with my cadre! Because when you think about it, aren’t we all New Europeans? Fine, that doesn’t really make any sense. Watch the video, let Midge Ure and the lads do the talking.
2 Krathong Competition
Andy C, IA:
Billy Bob: You mean that chick down by the lake last summer??
Granted, most of those irredeemable Fs rarely, if ever, show up, but there are more than a few who show up every day. They just don’t turn anything in.
Veterinarian offices are the places and locations where a veterinarian or vet works as a physician for animals. Veterinarian offices care for a group of domestic animals. It becomes complicated and difficult to inspect when a wild creature becomes ill and several other fellows also get the matching infection.
The drums begin to roll, my boys, the drums begin to roll,
So maybe the quality of my soil isn’t quite everything I thought it was, especially right now. All the more reason to take special care and to be on guard in these fragile times. Satan has no sympathy for anyone!
And the boss he's a eunuch with no balls at all,
Slowest movie ever. Really.
But taxes and our governments are a serious matter. Pay your taxes. Do your returns right. That means take the allowable deductions. Not more, not less. Don’t take more because they will ultimately catch it. And then you’re in worse trouble yet. But don’t take less.I talked to a couple guys recently who said, “I take less than I’m even allowed to take.” I said, “Why would you do that?” One said he liked having some “cushion.” Cushion? Cushions are for couches. And besides, what if they don’t audit you and you never “use” it. Then you’ve lost those deductions forever. And be aware that they may not give you your “cushion” back even if they did audit you.
I've come to believe that Mary is a protector of children, and a helper for families - among other things. I have received what felt like guidance after praying the rosary, and it's always, every single time, led to amazing things and a bigger life and more love.
Back to our bus & a short ride up the mountain to The Alhambra Palace. The first hour of our tour was the gardens outside the Palace walls. The 2nd photo above was some kind of lush vine that had created a beautiful ceiling. Every square inch of the gardens was sensory-overload -- colors, smells, beauty!
This is Kirsty and myself.
…and told him the entire number of the poor that were dead, and that
When I watch 'Gunsmoke' I wonder if Miss Kitty had to worry about filing her taxes on April 15th or if the blacksmith had to have an occupational license and liability insurance to run his shop.
Schrader SM, Chapin RE, Turner TW, Ratcliffe JM, Burg JR, Ross MD, Lamb JC IV. The effect of ethylene dibromide on sperm characteristics. J Andrology 1986; 7: 1-27.
Tuesday - Meatball Subs with Mozzeralla
Money Remaining: $269,349
in the tents of the just:
...... revealing the handbags to match the shoes. The card alternates vertical openings followed by horizontal openings and this time we open vertically to reveal the back of the card and a picture of we girls do best!
ready for spring! Everyone is blogging
5. I am basically stuck in high school with the music that I listen to. My iPod is mainly comprised of music from high school and early college. I love country, but mainly listen to old-school Kenny, Rascal Flatts, Brooks and Dunn, Toby Keith, Mont and so on. I can't get used to new country songs because I don't know all the lyrics (odd reason to not listen to something, but a reason nonetheless). I also love listening to oldies, haha.
Meaning cockroach. They’re not roaches though. I want to write more opinion style stuff and I need to get my arse into gear fiction wise, but I’ve got a lot of uni work to tackle first. Might post something old soon.
“I would love to think that they would actually write me a letter that says ‘I am sorry that this happened to you,’” Lenhart said.
still remembered the tones he played in the dream. He wanted to hear it one more time, so he tried
8) Darklight Corporation - S/T
- Station with speakers for atmosphere
Plug those three back into the lineup. That’s like adding three major free agents to Carolina’s defense. If they all can stay healthy, Davis’ goals might not be so far fetched.
Some houses
I love Lavender, and being able to add a drop or two to my cleaning products is really awesome! I left most of my Pure and Free products fragrance free, but I did try this with my Floor Cleaner by adding a few drops to my mop bucket and let me tell you, the scent is so relaxing! It gave my house a clean, heavenly smell! You can purchase other great Essential Oils on their site also, including Peppermint and Eucalyptus.
Before leaving the subject of water, mention should be made of three creeks west of Eckert. Their names are often a source of amusement to newcomers in the area. They are the Blue Nose, Dough spoon and the Dirty George.
Are you a “CONTROL FREAK“? Get over it-QUICKLY! WHY? Because life can be MANAGED but it changes constantly…so to be a “CONTROL FREAK” will only hurt YOU and what you are trying so hard to control! This applies not only to BUSINESS but also to your PERSONAL LIFE also! Remember each person as each situation is very different therefore we have to be flexible to go with it. Take a deep breath now and listen….we all want to succeed! We all want to be an effective and successful owner or manager BUT we have to have our own wits about us, we have to be able to problem solve and we have to be able to delegate! No one is perfect or as I said before if it was perfect we would happily be in the same job forever making a lot of money and smiling all the time! Now….back to REALITY! Yes somethings and some people are predictable…are you? I wish I was! LOL…when a situation arrises I take a deep breath and try to look at it from a few angles. To see it from all sides and in the want to be fair also. If a situation arrises that needs immediate attention then I react only to find an immediate solution and then go back later to analyze what happened and how did it snowball or just plain not work? Remember the phase try, try again…well it is alive and well still…so try it when you need it!
@nixgrim - Nicole started a support group called Babies Born Sleeping some years ago. She has 'survived' loss. What I mean by that is that it doesnt define her. She is not hard or bitter. She is empathetic. Sometimes sad. But she lives her life. I think where Nicole is now is where I am getting to. Hope so!
37I would make clear the number of my steps, I would put it before him like a prince! The words of Job are ended.
Pointing the finger of blame at her shady past, her abusive marriage and the current problems with her children, Trammel challenges Dominique to use her anger to inspire her growth instead of continuing to stunt it.
Hope the rest of you are doing great!
toy eggs
Lots and lots of great sales everywhere, and my Zibbet shop is no exception.
But with each goodbye there is a hello, I keep a little list of crafters that offer to join the DT
What about those of us who will never have bikini bodies? Where are the articles for us? Oh, yes. There's always something on the best bathing suit for your body. If you're pear shaped, wear this. If you're apple shaped, wear this. What if you're just plain fat? What should we wear? Big arms, no waist, ample chest, protruding belly, big butt. Is there a bathing suit for us? Will a well developed calf muscle take the viewer's eye away from the the purple veins that line an otherwise almost albino white leg?
Flags and Banners For Outdoor Use – Polyester Or Nylon?
Houblon Chouffe Tripel IPA
One show conspicuous here by its absence is The Borgias, the story of the notorious Spanish crime family who rose to the highest ranks of the Catholic church. Jeremy Irons headlines this show, which has just been greenlit for a third season, and by all accounts it’s very much like a European spin on The Tudors. We’re definitely looking forward to catching up with it in due course.
Like this...
“Do you have nothing to say Roger? Nothing to ask of your love as she tells you that she is leaving you and won’t be returning?”
Diana
Over the weekend I got a letter from my mom’s college friend, who’d heard about my EM. Her letter told the story of her mother, whose siblings were taken to a state sanitarium when they were diagnosed with tuberculosis. The state trapped them there for eight years—no contact with friends or family, no life outside the hospital. Her uncle spent 23 hours a day on bed rest, only seeing the outside when his nurse wheeled his bed out to the
read my feeds, but that isn't happening either. I'm feeling a bit
But I still sensed that I was not completely fulfilling my God-given destiny. I looked at people like Todd Kapper and wondered whether I would ever be like them.
I believe the first thing to do to move the curve is to look at BWT (birth weight) Estimated Breeding Values (EBVs) from NSIP metrics. When choosing which ewes to retain last fall, I did pay attention to that number, and gave it fairly high priority. I scaled back on using my ram that has the poorest values. I painfully let go of some otherwise very nice ewes because they had lower BWT metrics than average for me. They will do well in someone else’s barn lambing scenario.
The well-preserved ruins, overlooking the Vilcanata river valley, seem to almost cling to the steep hillside, and are surrounded by colossal green mountains. Even if you’ve ever seen photos of this wondrous structure, it doesn’t really prepare you for the breath-taking and awe-inspiring sight when you see it firsthand.
Several of our designers here at TCM got in on
We appreciate your assistance in helping Bush Radio to continue providing the quality service and media training that it has in the past.
There was a stark rate of infant and child mortality in the Habsburg families. Only about 60 percent of infants survived to age 1, and only half of the children born to the dynasty survived to age 10, compared with about 80 percent survival of infants in Spanish villages at the time.
Once Were Wild–
The PUMA “Bring Me Back” program, which is run in cooperation with global recycling company I:CO, aims at encouraging the recycling and re-usability of sportlifestyle products among consumers by providing a convenient and simple process: Consumers bring used shoes, clothing and accessories from any manufacturer to a PUMA Store and deposit them in the designated Bring Me Back bins.
Schardein J. Industrial solvents. In: Schardein J (ED.). Chemically induced birth defects. New York, NY: Marcel Dekker, 1985: 645-658.
Place an order for prints
Next time I'm going to start with Shirley Temples.
-another roll up by Bryan for a 2.
7-8 eggs
Today when you’re skimming through titles online, or even scrolling through sub-menus on your DVR, you might be presented with recommendations of other shows based on your search history. But at the end of the day, it’s ultimately your decision to decide to click on whatever item was recommended to you. While the same could be said about choosing to watch whatever comes next in a programming block, you have slightly less control in that the following program will play regardless of whether you like it or even if you even know of its existence. When watching Toonami last night, I was bombarded by its lineup, some I knew and some I didn’t. I was able to bask in the familiarity of the shows I grew up with, while also being put in a good enough mood by the block itself to be willing to take a chance on the shows I was previously too young to care about. Being dropped in an episode in what was clearly the middle of a story arc had me trying to figure out the basics of the world in order to better appreciate the action scenes that flashed before me on screen. It’s a feeling that most people are rarely able to experience nowadays since we’ve been given a more active option in picking and choosing exactly what we want to watch, whether it be through streaming or direct purchasing of series.
so tightly
A photo shoot in progress
In 2010 we made over £700 !! The whole premises was a sea of home-baked cakes at 9am and by late afternoon, most of it had gone.
There were other pieces we loved, as well. Check out the link:
Director : Nelson McCormick
How many of us wish that we had a dime for every time we heard "God doesn't give us more than we can handle" as we are going through tough situations. How many of us have said it ourselves to a loved one while searching for comforting words? It is comforting to believe that eventually the trial will end you'll be okay on the other side.
For my service learning project I chose to go to the SAGE garden. It is a community garden south of Corvallis. They grow a variety of vegetables and they are strictly organic and they use no chemical fertilizers. They donate these vegetables to the local food banks so low-income people can benefit from their fresh organic vegetables. They are very concerned about food security and the source of fruits and vegetables that we consume everyday. They offer gardening classes and internships. Also, they welcome volunteers.
Don't you just love it when progressives try to convince you that Obama has been a successful president? Much of the time, they back up their claims with some half-baked numbers pulled out of their backsides. The numbers below are all sourced and represent what Barack Obama has done to the economy since he took office.
Every yard, ever foot leading to the Express Tunnel from Union City to Jonesborough Terminal had to be fought tooth and nail.
I think of and look at motherhood from a distance, always feeling a bit like I had missed a momma gene. So far I have been the crazy aunt who smoked cigarettes and does what she wants. Now the smoking is gone but I still do what I want, and I am comfortable in that space. Then yesterday, someone asked me if I would become a mother and I had to look at it from close up, and it was no longer an issue of equal rights, politics, or rights of passage. It became about me, a choice and a responsibility, or rather a choice to take on this responsibility. And what I felt was a killer cocktail of emotions – love, fear, trepidation, doubt, desire, excitement, and a million other emotions in between. It was like stepping into the complete unknown, and this coming from a person who left everything she knew to go do her own thing.
Really, I’m very pissed. Not sure I’ve mentioned that.
Haven’t taken any work in progress photos for the last few paintings because, basically, I’ve been concentrating so hard on getting them finished that I keep forgetting to whip out the camera.
You can find the code at by clicking the banner below.
That's because looking at something beautiful releases all the same chemicals in our brains -- epinephrine, dopamine and endorphins -- as when we fall in love, achieve a runner's high or take drugs. These chemicals are largely responsible for our feelings of enjoyment, motivation and happiness.
While my inbox is flooded with images every day, it never bothers me as a picture takes so little time to look at. The only problem is that most of the images rarely stand out or move me. Yesterday, however, this Helen Levitt popped up advertising a new show at the Kahmann Gallery in Amsterdam and it just struck a chord with me.
Is there anything sadder than guacamole and no chips? And yet, it happens. Instead of stashing the guacamole in the refrigerator, this list of ideas should get the green out of the bowl and onto your plate! Just remember to season to taste before serving your new creation...
201. A cheery finish to a week that started out a bit rough.
I was driving to work the other day, and I started to think about the state of the world. It’s pretty depressing right now, isn’t it? We’re all dealing with a world-wide recession, wars and conflicts around the globe, the specter of global warming and climate change, and predictions of the end of the world at the end of this year. Do you really think that we are nearing man’s final demise, and the end of all we know? I even saw a guy the other day with long hair, and a scraggly beard, standing on a corner with a sign that said, “The end is near,” boldly written in big black letters against a white background.
In all we ended up with a large white, a large orange, three traditional jack-o-lantern style, one grey & I picked out 6 tiny pumpkins of different varieties to come home with us. I rationalized it because the thrifting had been such a bust & I hadn't even dented my $20 thrift allowance for the day.
I am now demanding not requesting that the utmost urgency be put on getting Sam the assistance he needs, and has been promised.
Roman Troyer, the Bee Man, travels through the Amish communities of Ohio and Pennsylvania with his hives full of bees, renting them out to farmers in need of pollinators. A mysterious man who relishes his nomadic life, Roman especially enjoys bringing his bees to Stoney Ridge each year. But with Julia seriously at odds with him, Windmill Farm is looking decidedly less appealing.
Stay tuned. Things are developing.
“Most mainline Protestant churches are, to one degree or another, post-Christian. If they no longer seem disposed to converting the unbelieving to Christ, they can at least convert them to the boggiest of soft left political cliches, on the grounds that if Jesus were alive today he’d most likely be a gay Anglican bishop in a committed relationship driving around in an environmentally friendly car with an “Arms Are for Hugging” sticker on the way to an interfaith dialogue with a Wiccan and a couple of Wahhabi immams.”
On the second question, let us note that despite the fact that the U.S has a strong historic legacy of progressive taxation (and that we do a pretty good job relative to European countries that rely more heavily on VAT taxes), our tax system remains broadly flat:
I would suggest the following:
How did you get involved in the project in the first place?
This is for my lovely readers who started reading back when this blog was called "Joyful Creates". I've just realised that if you are following me by RSS feed then it is probably no longer updating! Duh, Christie!
layed out before my night weary
#34 In Utero by Gillian G. Gaar
Mistletoe Over Manhattan ... Hallmark Channel ... 4 PM
Then it was lunch time, so all the staff and clients gathered around the big table to eat their packed lunches. Everybody was friendly and interested in Paul, being as he was new, and he basked in the attention. Then he tried some new games on the Wii, albeit not particularly successfully, but then neither I, one of the other clients or a lady on the staff could work out exactly what to do either, so we gave up on the difficult ones and played bowling on Wii Sports instead. We have that at home, so Paul knew what he was doing there. Next time he wants to take Mario Kart with him so that he can play that with somebody other than me (what's wrong with playing with me? Not good enough for you, mister?).
Ok, back to my rant, so maybe you're busy...maybe the street as a gallery gets in the way and the objects just don't speak to you. Fine. But, you know, every now and then RE-CONSIDER the idea that maybe you will come across SOMETHING that YOU WILL LIKE by way of street art. Every once in awhile, allow yourself to SEE and HEAR the INTERVENTION. It's meant, after all, for you.
"Surrounding my lungs? I thought the fluid was actually in my lungs?"
This course was followed by McCoy’s 10th Anniversary Ale, paired with roasted pork over white cheddar grits. The interesting thing about this beer is that McCoy’s 10th anniversary was over 3 years ago. They brewed a massive IPA that year, and sold it all...except for one keg. That keg hadn’t been moved (let alone tapped!) since then. It has matured to about 13% ABV, and the hop character has melted away. As the brewmaster put it, it’s pretty much barleywine at this point.
WRITING THE CHRISTIAN ROMANCE (Writer's Digest Books 2007)
Best Amateur Chocolate - Amy Blodgett
I wear this dress so much. Although it's from Primark it's really good quality and frames the figure beautifully. It's pretty thick and emphasises curves and your best assets. The top half of the dress is pretty body con and then the second half is flowing. I really love this and it's my fail safe dress. I usually team it with a black or a brown belt.
I started by getting angry, because my husband and children had been hurt: by being separated from me every time I was hospitalized and by my suicide attempts. In Anger Management we threw balls of clay at a sheetrock “board.” The first few times I just threw the clay as an exercise in connecting my body to my emotions. Sound strange? I was only able to acknowledge the possibility of anger toward my parents in my brain. I needed to reconnect with my body, and throwing the clay helped do that.
“The ‘morality of compromise’ sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don’t compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.”
Thomas M. Ray died June 14, 1876. His death was announced in The Valdosta Times:
Disciples: Lord, Teach us to Pray
Then there is the Epistle of James. Some Jameses are believed to be possible authors, others are not.
1. Fridge magnet
If it ever gets to that point I wouldn't want you to put on a Sigur Rós album. I will come over and sing live for you in the delivery room.
With the knock on the door he knew it had to be her, his muse, he opened gently, baited breath, it was her; she was a vision, stunning does not come close to what he saw, she was a vision I say. Shout it from the roof tops, he was in love with this woman, this girl who made his heart skip a beat….. sad pathetic that all he can do is write love stories every time he is confronted with a blinking cursor.
Mates - friends
For my card I have used the Honeybee Tilda and Meadow Daisy stamps and they are coloured with copics. This was my second attempt.....on my first one I coloured my image then decided to sponge in the sky background, well I made a total pigs ear of it and it ended up in the bin.....so for this one I did my cloud background first, it is a little pale and I definitely need more practice!!! My DP is from Echo Park and I kept my layout simple as the image is quite large. I finished off with a double layer of ribbon, some stitching and jewels.
Josh Peck ... EDDIE
Although still reeling with a vicious hangover from dinner last night with gal pal A. Stickpot, we still had the presence of mind this morning to give our our always well-informed acquaintance Shirley Icantellya a ringy-dingy to see if she had any dish on Mister Seacrest's real estate plans. She told us word on the celebrity real estate street is Mister Seacrest fancies a move to the hoity-toity streets of Bel Air where he's been peeping posh properties priced "up to $35,000,000."
Hope you all have an AMAZING 2012! xxxx
Be careful in your quest for wisdom.
Oh! I was not able to write a very good story; I just wrote whatsoever struck my mind. May be I will try to do better next time, in case there’s next time. This particular post was in actual a way to tell the bloggers about this very amusing exercise.
It is utterly clear to me that the MCA does not have the interest of Malaysians at heart.
Savage Cabbage
Face recognition performance of individuals with Asperger syndrome on the Cambridge face memory test.
This all seems silly now, but when you are in darkness you can’t see the truth.
The Jews answered him, “We are not stoning you for a good work but for blasphemy. You, a man, are making yourself God.”
What is the purpose of the tabernacle? (“Then have them make a sanctuary for me, and I will dwell among them.” (Exodus 25:8 NIV))
15. Iain H. Murray, Revival & Revivalism The Making and Marring of American Evangelicalism 1750-1858, (Carlisle: Banner of Truth Trust, 1994), 167
Here's a picture of the fabric from when we were choosing the paint color for the room.
So cheers for Bob’s Red Mill Natural Foods, I’d certainly pledge support for their products just on principle.
Demjanjuk (in the wheelchair) on trial in Germany – image from dailymail.co.uk
These new lighting efficiency standards were signed into law by President Bush as part of the Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA) of 2007. The law is using a new measurement for light bulbs: lumens per watt. Like miles per gallon ratings for cars, the lumens per watt measurements measures the efficiency of a bulb producing light per watt of electric power required to operate the bulb. The higher the lumens per watt, the less you pay day-t0-day to light your home.
Heart of a woman
One of the interesting things that Josh and I discussed on Saturday night whilst drinking this beer, was the concept of the bomber size bottles (16, 18, or 22oz) and 12oz bottles. Sure, we mused, one could drink three beers in a single setting, but sometimes one would suffice. Or maybe, three different beers. Anyway, the point was that the larger bottles are not like wine after opened and really need to be drank in one sitting. So, the moral of the story was if you buy big bottles of beer, be prepared to drink it all or plan on sharing with an appreciative friend. If you're the one buying, your friend will be even more appreciative.
Check out the R funded Mackinaw Center for PUBLIC Policy whose “plans” and ideas link to ALEC.
the first word you said
Anyways, my point is that I am enjoying my Sunday very much so. I hope you are too.
Tomorrow is our hook up day and I can't wait!!
Recycled Records has been in business for 33 years and has outlasted all of the major music stores such as Tower Records and Wherehouse. Owner Paul Doege believes that his strongest marketing success has been in matching service offerings to customer needs, whether that be creating personalized music CDs, selling concert tickets on-site, or designing CD cover art in addition to selling used records, tapes, videos, CDs and DVDs. He noted that their original tagline of “we don’t suck” has managed to stick with people over the years, and that customers often associate his business with that jingle which has served as an effective piece of advertising. While Paul is not too active in the social media sphere, he noted that because he’s a “bricks and mortar” business with an older demographic of customers, he hasn’t felt it to be entirely necessary.
"This 'present' on the occasion of Mr Mandela's birthday ... makes a mockery of our criminal justice system and is a slap in the face to the victims of crime," DP spokesperson on prisons, James Selfe, said.
6And Elihu, the son of Barachel the Buzite, made answer and said, I am young, and you are very old, so I was in fear, and kept myself from putting my knowledge before you.
Lemon balm (Melissa officinalis), not to be confused with bee balm, Monarda species, is a perennial herb in the mint family Lamiaceae, native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean region.
Husband: “Tacos do sound pretty good…”
In Divers City,
Nate: Yeah, and the ocean and waves and sand.
Of the ruling bourgeoisie
Yesterday (Monday, April 30th) started bright and early again because we had our consulate appointment at 8:30. Brielle was dressed in her red, white, and blue- It was just a chance that I packed that dress, but when I realized it, I decided to save it for the CA. :) At the US consulate, we took an oath stating all of our paperwork was true and accurate. We handed a bunch of papers over to a guy behind a glass window…and then I could tell there was a problem. From the notary in Nanchang, we received several documents, one of which is the abandonment certificate. Evidently, it has to plainly state that an investigation was done looking for her birth family for 60 days or more. Ours stated an investigation was done, but it didn’t specify the amount of time. Our guide said some of the consulate officers are just pickier about certain things and we happened to get a guy who was picky about this. Thankfully, we had a copy of her finding ad, showing it ran for 2 months, so the consulate was ok with that. Yeah! This means we can pick up her passport with the visa in it tomorrow. Typically, we would have been able to pick it up today—which means we could have left a day sooner—but today is a holiday in China so we have to wait until Wed.
So what you may ask is, for the 242nd summer, taking place at this prestigious British Institution? It is no less than The Royal Academy Summer Exhibition. A veritable feast of new art works by names established and unknown. The latter hoping the exposure might assist their career and no doubt their bank accounts.
6) Former Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser is quoted as saying “Genocide does not have to be violent”. Aboriginal leader Mick Dodson along w/ Sir Donald Wilson have said “assimilation is Genocide”.
My body aches for you.
There’s more to come in all this, too: NaturalNews is currently researching the military ties behind HHS and the medical industry, and we plan to publish a truly eye-opening article very soon that shows why the FDA (among other government agencies) is becoming militarized and conducting so many armed raids against innocents.
Best Picture: I said Hugo. The real winner: The Artist.
1. Romaine lettuce, 2 for $1 at Sun Harvest (through 11/10/10)
Gray, who works in this part of the Constitution Center, said The Boss is a big draw, “I’ve met people who flew in from Australia because there’s no Bruce dates there this year. One woman flew from Italy for her 265th show and dropped a thousand bucks in the gift shop in 4 minutes!”
-She has had stomach pains, increased poop frequency and amount despite being constipated, and decreased appetite for about five or six days (including on Thanksgiving Day. She ate only apple cobbler al a mode once all day). Let me just tell you that being constipated AND having painful, bulky movements is what leads to all of her recurring rectal prolapses. It's not pretty, and only large amounts of Miralax seems to be helping.
4-29-12 (It is possible that Cyrus and Darius listed in Daniel are the same person but we are seeing two different names. Darius of Daniel is certainly not the same Darius of Ezra. It is also possible that Darius is the name of one of the Generals of Cyrus’ army. Cyrus’ army went into Babylon about a month before he did. This is worth researching. I’m still working on it.)
You minimize and say: "What's the big deal? Just stay away from them."
With summer coming (especially here in Vegas!), hoop season is upon us. So when I heard about the Build a Greener Block event happening downtown, I jumped aboard and asked if I could set up shop. The organizer of the Health and Wellness team loved the idea, and made sure I had everything I needed.
“No, I wasn’t,” her mother answered abruptly. “You weren’t due for another three weeks and your Dad and I had planned to go out. Aunt Celia was coming to stay the night and watch Sue. It was the last time your father and I would have a chance to go have dinner in a restaurant and go dancing before you were born. “
“They’ll target runaways,” said FBI Special Agent Jennifer Amo, a civil rights and trafficking investigator. “They’ll target young girls. They’ll target girls that come from broken homes.
How do you like it? :)
I was re-watching Herzog's Nosferatu (yes, AGAIN) just the other night, and, once again, I was completely bowled over not just by the dismal/beautiful cinematography and natural wonder of the whole goddamn thing, but by the creepy, hypnotic score contributed by everyone's favorite Teutonic prog-jockeys Popol Vuh. As usual, brief ponderance morphed into lingering obsession, and today, I present you with two more droning Vuh/Herzog collabos, namely 1972's Aguirre, The Wrath of God and 1982's Fitzcarraldo. If you are looking to be utterly bummed/mind-blown by either a movie or a movie soundtrack, I can heartily suggest each of these entries--both films are super crushing in a depressive yet visually stunning way, and the swirling Vuh tapestries which accompany them are their perfect audio marriage.
This is easy. Promise. It’s just egg whites and sugar whipped and then baked. Meringue is a combination of egg whites and sugar whipped to form a thick, stiff foam. Different textures are achieved by varying the methods of mixing the sugar and egg whites, and varying the baking times and temperatures. Meringue can be made soft to top a pie, or dried in the oven to make a dacquoise or meringue cookie.
Of course it was all a lie. He had to go and join a jute mill. Was that not his fate?
You will also need two head shots and a jpeg of the cover of the book.
This has been a really stubborn myth. It has been put to rest by lots of solid studies. So, Mom, relax, it's ok to go outside with wet hair. Cold doesn't cause colds, viruses do. Colds are more common in the fall and winter because the cooler, wetter weather drives people inside, and viruses can more easily jump from one person to the next.
13. Been arrested? - No, but I was questioned by store security over my credit card use. This was before things were more electronic, and if my purchase went through at the counter, sometimes I was in fact over my limit. This was also during my stint at film school, when I was stretching every penny into a dime. I was absolutely, completely mortified.
As a rule of thumb, I don't dress up that much. I am short and stumpy, and somewhat lumpy. With no beautiful attributes to behold, I can say without malice that one part of my body just blends in with another. At work, I am only one step up from casual and on the weekend, I am your typical small town hoody and jeans type of girl. With a secret fantasy of my legs growing longer and my body becoming fabulous, I hoard away my share of accessories. Purses, jewelry, shoes, shawls, scarves, you name it. If it is feminine, its sitting in my closet pining for a day it will actually be used.
Sidebar: For Secret Sun purposes Exeter, NH is important in that one of the most puzzling UFO flaps in the 1960s occurred there, inspiring the bestselling book Incident at Exeter. Phillips Academy Exeter is also there, the sister school to the more well-known Phillips Academy Andover over the border, the school of choice for the plutocratic elite.
"Hello,
Sometimes we’re left wondering; wouldn’t it have been better if there had been no movie at all? As throngs of people are herded in to the cinema and then herded in to the bookstore to do some extra reading on the matter I often selfishly wish that the story could have remained solely in it’s written form, so that it could be a little more obscure, just a little bit more mine. I’m not a good sharer.
I have set up a pouring activity. There is nothing more English after all, than a cup of tea! So I have set up the tea set, complete with Tea bags and will offer warm water at the start of the activity. This activity will have to be quite closely supervised I feel.
I am ashamed.
I should also repeat my desire to have NO SPOILERS FOR THE MANGA OR ACHIGA MANGA in the comments of this post.
I quote from the blog:
What if you only had one car? It would be issued to you by the government when you turned eighteen. Any automobile of your choice. That auto would be your only auto and would have to last you for an entire lifetime. If it wore out, it could not be replaced. Once gone, you would be reduced to other methods of getting around, or borrowing rides from other people. One car and only one for your whole life.
She waved him away with a tired smile. She was in full-martyr mode now.
What I had actually come to was AN ending, but not THE ending…and there’s a difference. For me, it came as soon as I had a chance to settle down for the evening (just before bed, actually). My mind went back to the story and worried away at the end of it, like my dogs will sometimes do with the frayed end of a toy. The last thing I remember before I fell asleep was the realization that I wasn’t really finished with the story. There were loose ends and, honestly, more that needed to be said.
W9. 7. 5. 3. R22. 20. 00. E11. 00. 000.
What is Dos Equis?
Cookie connoisseurs might recognize these juggernauts as sneakily similar to City Bakery’s. They wouldn’t be wrong. Build a Green Bakery is a project of the Manhattan giant known for its chocolaty treats — a project that should fly with both sweet and organic purists.
After yesterday’s post about the one I decided to lighten things up a little bit and take some time to talk about farts. Okay, well I’m not exactly going to talk about farts; what I want to talk about is the fact that when we fall head over heels for a person we have the tendency to forget just how human they really are. It is the time when we put the other person on such a pedestal that we forget that they burp, fart, pick their nose or whatever else they do; their habits and their bodily functions.
In a large pot boil the water to cook your spaghetti. When the water is boiling, toss in the spaghetti and stir often enough so it doesn't clump. Cook for 8-10 minutes until al dente.
The landscape in the area was much different than Elwynn. It boggled Creme’s mind that just moments (hours?) ago they had been in a lush green forest full of pines and leafy trees with brilliant colored grasses and bushes. Now they were surrounded by reddish brown peaks in the distance, with few trees to be seen. The grass was much more sparse, a lighter hue, with the red-brown soil peaking through. The bugs seemed to be the same though.
The FAA issued a passenger a warning for filming a bird strike. I didn’t know it was illegal to film a bird strike. Maybe it interferes with their collective bargaining rights. These organized and angry birds, like their bovine cousins the mad cows, demand justice. And what do they want? For starters, protection from avian flu – they’ve picketed outside the Center for Disease Control demanding a vaccine program for all creatures with beaks and wings. Secondly, they want a full scale investigation into the death of hundreds of birds that literally fell out of the sky in Arkansas. Third, they want an immediate end to bird hunting and have petitioned the Game and Fisheries departments in all states to stop issuing waterfowl permits to hunters.
In honor of Mardi Gras today, I thought I'd share a recipe with you. I made this for the first time during the Superbowl and wouldn't ya know those Saints won?!?!?
Then I will be rigid and cold
She made this astonishing comment about the moving performance of this Filipino-Mexican breed of culture and geniality. Lopez commented,
Mastering the AcuGraph isn’t difficult as long as you take it step by step. So let’s take a minute and go over the 3 steps to learning how to maximize your investment.
Amy Friedman: Writer of internationally syndicated children’s column, Tell Me a Story, which is published in 150 newspapers; her audiobook, Tell Me a Story 3: Women of Wonder, won the 2010 Audie Award for Original Work; and a recently completed memoir Desperado’s Wife.
Santa was good to us too; we received a weather gadget that tells you what temperature it is outside, and inside, and how much rain has fallen. Nothing, yet. As part of our Christmas present to each other we have ordered ourselves a new TV, so we will really then be part of the 21st century. Other gifts were chocolates, some scrumptious fabrics, a calendar all the way from British Columbia.....I like to have a scenic calendar or two around the house.....a scrumptious hand-dyed scarf, and some gorgeous smelly things from Fenella Jane. That was for me. I was also sent a wombat calendar!
referring to the fact that most of you won’t
4. Scrape the paste into a jar. Pour a film of oil over it if you plan to keep it for a while. Store in the refrigerator.
16 - Neon Knights
What can politicians take away from this tweet? The response (1) demonstrated that he was actually listening and engaging rather than just broadcasting, (2) took the opportunity to share one of his positions that his constituents feel strongly about (Armenian Genocide), and (3) it felt personal and real, not stiff or like a form letter. These are the kind of interactions that politicians should be aiming for to maximize the impact of their online discussions.
He was safe!
1. I like the sockless look. It is one that I feel presents a touch of casualness to any outfit. I also feel like it looks better with shorts than any type of sock.
Yet as anyone who has ever lived here knows the difference between the political leadership announcing policy changes and those actually being implemented is often huge and in many cases such reforms end up being ignored. On the other hand the massive increases in indirect taxation on basic goods and services are having a real effect on lower income groups who are being pummelled financially to such a degree that many are no longer able to pay basic bills such as electricity and phone.
One of the few films to properly examine the obscure affliction known as "Waking Up Goth," or, as it's called in the stranger parts of Manitoba, "Irritable Bauhaus Syndrome," the erudite Once Bitten playfully probes the overnight pale phenomenon with the warmth of over-lubricated dildo. Gently poking infrequently traveled confines is one thing, creating an avant-garde tribute to luridness that both conservative families and W.U.G. suffers can enjoy is quite another. A herculean challenge to be sure, but I thought the lighthearted film by Howard Storm was able to balance this heady criteria rather deftly, as it entertains and illuminates in an equal and evenhanded manner. Whether it's being a no-holds barred vampire comedy, or an enlightening glob of synergistic trumpery, the film never once panders or talks down to its audience. Which is weird for something appears to be so stupid on the surface. However, the surface is just a thing's outer coating, to really understand the nitty-gritty of something, you have to look deep into its inner core to be able to extract its true essence. And that's exactly what I did with this film. Oh, you should have seem what I managed to extract; the mess was out of this world. I couldn't help but feel an odd kinship towards this film, as the situation of high school senior Mark Kendall (Jim Carrey) mirrored my own. Now, I wasn't bitten on the thigh by some Countess (Lauren Hutton) in search of the rejuvenating blood of an unsullied teen. I would have liked to have been, but I wasn't. No, what I connected with was Mark's sudden bout with W.U.G. You see, like Mark, I, too, came down with a severe case of Goth when I was a teenage person. Unlike Mark, however, it wasn't exactly an overnight thing; I gradually found myself wearing a lot of black clothing and shunning the light of day.
She is the one I know she too is real in hyphenations within time
of those whose lives will follow.
That was until today.
hall linen closet, which was relocated so we could expand the shower.
Slip - Calvin Klein
So I have created two more sets of tags. The Dress Form Tags have gone to Lori, Lillian and Jen. And the Umbrella Man tags will be heading off to Inge in Belguim, Jacquie in FL and Alison in the UK. So they are certainly getting around. And with all the tags I have made one for me too.
But the fact that I did all that by myself made me feel much more experienced – today I feel like I did something real, today is the day that I feel like a real journalist and not a student one.
The girls spent an hour on the floor drawing with Peter and a few other kids. What a wonderful experience to spend such quality time with a favorite artist. He showed them how artists can create art wherever they are (and on whatever they can find!). They drew on napkins, cardboard, the floor. He even had an orange that he'd created a character out of.
The naughty but very nice words were stamped in the victorian velvet on a piece of card that I had coloured when doing the tag and then grunged up a bit.
Green Peas : 1/2 cup boiled
Pumpkin Cake
These are my two girls. Sophia and Mya.
Cook pasta according to package ( (I added 2 TBS olive oil to the boiling water and allowed my pasta to cook a little longer so the noodles would be on the softer side), drain and set aside.
*All Tolkien aficionados know that the sun is feminine, and the moon masculine.
Gel nails can be used in full nail or tip overlays. They can also be shaped to form nail extensions. Likewise, gel nails can be used to protect the damaged edges of the nails as they grow out.
About this time, the APUSH teachers began searching for a monograph on Vietnam to add to the spring reading list. Our initial choice, George C. Herring’s diplomatic history, America’s Longest War: The United States and Vietnam, 1950-1975 (New York, 1979), was solid and objective but pretty dry for high school seniors. The next year, we selected Al Santoli’s Everything We Had: An Oral History of the Vietnam War (New York, 1981). This went over much better with our students because of its autobiographical emphasis, but Santoli gave little attention to the events, decisions, or blunders that had hurled his witnesses into the maelstrom of war.
So, either he was French or he thought I was lol.
Next day we will venture forth on the meander. Is this the day when we will learn the true nature of Anna? Will her true intent at last become known? Will she keep us in suspense? Tune in tomorrow for the answer.
Fatty McBigHead). We told the doctor that "big heads" run in the family on his fathers side. Kristian actually had to special order his football helmet in high school due to his big dome. The doctor wasn't worried but did say he would keep an eye on it's growth just in case.
When I opened the door for him to go out this morning, he stood up, promptly fell down, got back up, walked into the table, bumped into the wall, and then stumbled awkwardly out the back door. At one point he even flipped over onto his back and then flipped right back onto his feet again. In what appeared to be a drunken stupor, he trotted down the hill, looking exactly like the Scarecrow in The Wizard of Oz right after he fell off the pole.
Do you have any insights to share on this encounter that I did not? I would love to hear them!
Go see this guy.
Remember to post your projects using Inlinkz no later than 12:00 noon Central time on Friday, April 6, 2012. We will announce the winner of the stamp set and the new Top Mouse Award winners when the new sketch challenge is posted on Saturday, April 7th. Please use a direct link to your project and feel free to enter as many times as you like!
In the middle of the morning I started to get a headache that slowly became an all out migraine.
Ruiz has four proposals; he says they're Toltec, but in content and range I'd say they are also in effect a distillation of psychospiritual perennial wisdom teachings from all times and cultures. If we live according to these four, he says, we can transform our lives. Need a shot of transformation? See what you can do with these.
22 Brittany Swenson W Castaic, CA 14:29.8 45:02.18
The amount of time you spend working on client projects, what kind of equipment needs you personally have and so forth. Identify the areas where the ratio of cost and benefit are at their narrowest (ie, where costs most closely approach revenue), and you’ve found the areas that could benefit the most from cost-cutting. This kind of effort will free up a great deal of revenue you barely realized you had, and make your business more profitable without needing to add a single new client to the mix.
Take a Stitch Tuesday is a weekly embroidery challenge throughout the year by Sharon of Pin Tangle. You can read more about it here (or by clicking the TAST badge to the right).
Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper over chicken. Coat pan with cooking spray. Add chicken to pan; cook 5 minutes on each side or until done. Remove chicken from pan; keep warm. Add bell peppers and remaining 1/2 teaspoon curry powder to pan; sauté 1 minute. Add coconut milk, and bring to a boil; reduce heat, and simmer 4 minutes or until mixture is slightly thickened. Cut lime in half. Squeeze 1 tablespoon juice from 1 lime half; slice other half into 4 wedges. Stir juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt into bell pepper mixture. Cut chicken across grain into thin slices. Serve chicken with bell pepper mixture and lime wedges.
Washington Post
“’My house is just ahead.’ But when we got to my house, there were three zombies milling around on the porch. They appeared to be stuffing flyers into the handle of my front door. These were very strange zombies. I punched my fist into my palm. ‘I knew I should have put up a ‘No Soliciting’ sign.’ I looked at the other zombies. Now that I noticed it, most of them had bright green flyers in their hands. I picked one off the ground and read it out loud: ‘REVIVAL IS COMING….” Pg. 15-16
In between countless other jobs, tasks and naps, I've been putting together a quilt to welcome a new baby into the world - he actually arrived a couple of weeks ago so I'm a bit behind the 8 ball......
“But are our women such cheap commodities – this is the question Sarawakians and Malaysians must ask themselves and then vote with the justice in their hearts. We must no longer close an eye or lose our own humanity.”
In the silence I am here.
The snapping point came when a newcomer came in for his first practice, and as I quote it from a note I wrote to a senior back then, “I seriously felt so pressurized” learning the new song, and “this curious newbie kept looking at me for the entire two hours and made me felt even worse”. “I knew he was thinking what was I doing there when I could even play a single thing.”
beneath naked sky -
“Many people will presume that pressing the delete button on a computer file means that it is gone forever. However this information can easily be recovered.”
him.
In the world of software, like construction, the economic downturn has impacted many. Mergers, acquisitions and growth for some, while others remain in survival mode. The commitment to strategic planning and execution makes the difference. Press releases can give you valuable insight into where a construction accounting vendor is positioned. A headquarters visit is also telling. Talking with a handful of existing customers is no longer enough to make an informed decision. Know where the industry leaders are flocking as they’ve done their homework.
FG=1.015@70F
The Catherine Marriott story ………………….
Here's Marcus's answer to my usual
sabin's class has a class stuffed white tiger named Leo. they've had him since "nulte," which is what kindergarten is called in denmark. he goes home with one or another child every weekend and there is a whole book written of all that leo has done over the past three years. sabin got the privilege of taking him home for the summer and since we'll have to write in his book, we took him along to dublin last week (we should have taken Early too, but that's another story, i'm afraid we didn't. us bad.). but i thought we'd share some of the adventures leo got up to anyway.
I gave up (at least for now). This is what this side of the living room currently looks like. I moved the Papal Blessing from our bedroom to the living room. It covered up all the holes and balanced nicely with the painting on the left! I also cleared all the books from that table and replaced the basket. The basket could go, but it's there because it's functional. It can't all be about looks, right? Note the "invisible" white cord now that lines the trim. I still need to secure the black lamp cord behind the table legs.
These are the people who seem to create the English cliques that exist out here. Also word has filtered through that many do not bother learn the ‘polite’ basics of the language and are rude to shop assistants, never greeting with a “bonjour” or finishing with a “merci”, “bon journee”, “après midi” etc. always expecting at least one of the staff to speak English. Oh we remember some of the dreadful 'gaffes'that we made when we first arrived. At least it gave us all a laugh and we were given encouragement, help and a boost to our linguistic confidence.
High temperatures, sweating, aching bones and joints etc, but which do not respond to antibiotics.
This is the world’s most unphotogenic shirt. I think it makes me look a linebacker in pictures, but not in person. It’s those darn butterfly sleeves. I also swear that my necklace really made the color of the boots make sense.
Bake at 350F for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown around edges. Immediately remove from cookie sheet; cool completely. Sprinkle with powdered sugar. Makes about 4 dozen.
Ranking The carbon reduction commitment (CRC) league table that was published late lat year reveals how each participating company is performing. If you’ve been a good carbon performer, you will come out higher, boosting your organisation’s reputation.
Pedestrians do have other options, though - take it to the streets and walk curbside. This style, along with walking diagonally across streets and through intersections rather than perpendicular at crosswalks, is a good indicator that the individual is a New Yorker. Tourists will rarely walk in such a manner - only when absolutely necessary, but certainly not as the regular habit common with so many city residents.
Well Keely got to play with her Paps and Meemaw this past week. They came down for a few days from St. Louis, MO to visit us. We were so excited to see them, we haven't seen them in two years and they were shocked to see how big Tiny Kidd was (and how much hair she has..;). We had a blast enjoying their company and hated to see them leave, the trip definitely wasn't long enough. Can't wait to see them again!
Now I love walking. It’s non-streneous, but at the same time it’s a full body workout. At the gym, I get bored, but when I walk, I see trees, houses, people, stray dogs, etc. My friend Marian says that actual walking is better than walking on a treadmill because the treadmill somehow supports your weight. Thus, this gives you an easier time, which lessens your tendency to sweat your fat away.
Yield : 20-22 cookies
Once, desperate to finish off a black-tie outfit (Carolina Herrera-esque white cotton shirt and teal silk taffeta wide skirt), I fished out a silk net scarf, in bottle green, I’d bought decades earlier in the Paris flea market. Parfait!
Here is what I bought yesterday.
A day later she came in and told me that the doctor told her the same identical thing I told her, and had her get the cranberry pills as well, but also prescribed the kids to cipro. Now I told her about the cipro before hand, but since it’s an anti-biotic there is no way I couldve prescribed it for her. Either way it’s an interesting story, and not only she and the situation has inspired me to want to go to med school.
The bullet struck Ernest in the elbow, then tore through his chest and stomach, fatally wounding him.
