And Grandma’s on the front porch swing with a Bible in her hand
I cannot believe I am up! WTH. I have a sneaking suspicion I know the root of insomnia returning to torture me. I just came back from the potty (TMI huh... sorry..lol) and saw my Joie-de-Vivre deck. Its gentility and kind nature drew me to get clarity on the matter. (btw, the artist Paulina Cassidy is doing a fantastic deluxe version both the J-de-V and her Paulina Tarot) As I started to shuffle, I felt like I needed to ask it about reading reversals with it from now on. Let's see what she has to say:
So now that you know about the game itself, lets start off with the site. Hopefully I’ll be bringing in fresh content multiple times a week, but don’t hold me to any promises. I’m not going to try to start arguments, but will be simply stating my honest opinions on the players, teams, and the league itself.
If you don't want to be beaten down, refuse to join their race
Mix oil, chocolate and granulated sugar in a bowl. Add eggs, one at a time, until well incorporated. Add vanilla and peppermint extracts.
Somehow, people are generally quiet and suspicious of shop workers. At department stores, customers don’t make eye contact with salesmen for fear of needing to smile at them. At the grocery store, if a shelver says “Hi” or “Excuse me”, customers give them a funny look, and a wide berth. Eeeeeew. Humanity.
With a handclasp and a bear hug to Hermel, and a nod and wave to everyone else, Hormel turned and headed off northward along the road though the undulating sea of white drift snow. The other members of the party turned and went south. They walked for a few hours until they came to the area of hills where the Prancing Unicorn Inn was located. After a while they stopped. From the other side of a hill they saw a plume of smoke rising into the sky.
Lastly I am enjoying watching CSI....... it is on many times throughout the day so I can indulge frequently. My husband dislikes it, (or so he says... he seems to have been unable to leave the room while it has been on a few times now) so while he is busy studying I am taking full advantage of having the TV remote to myself!
It was at that moment that Derrek decided to be very careful about voicing what he did and did not know. His face felt hot, but his dismissed it as blushing out of embarrassment.
It’s called “kairos.” It’s God’s time, not mine.
“Second, Marco-evolution purports that chaos made order. The basic telling of the history of the universe according to atheistic naturalism is that the orderliness of our universe is the result of cataclysmic disorder, chaos, and change that together resulted in great orderliness.”
That’s what it’s like trying to play a role playing game with a bunch of casual gamer kidz. It is NOT fun.
JUSTIN: Well, I'll just be direct and tell you that I have an idea for the fourth Basket Case film. I envision Duane and Belial going west! Hear me out on this....The two brothers travel back in time to the old west. Can't you just see them with cowboy hats on, and riding on horseback up a trail and into the sunset. Or maybe Belial has a pistol duel in the streets with someone? Or what about a montage of someone trying to teach Belial to lasso a calf? I'm thinking we should call it... Basket Case 4: Giddy Up
Around me the cyclone screams it’s muted chaos but it is tranquil where I am. I am under a ray of sunlight. I can feel it on my skin. My limbs are torn from the Tornado’s debris, though I feel no sting. The pain is instead in my chest and throat and jaw. It’s sharp and it’s deep and it’s dense. My body is exhausted and drained, yet tensed; I’m screaming a long, unceasing, guttural scream, a scream so intense it is soundless. My face contorts, not in agony, but in grief.
motives will be imputed to divert
I patrolled around the still-unplanted section of the garden for clumps of the evil horsemint weed. He pulled leaves off the two parsnip plants we left in the ground to go to seed.
A good guide might be maybe sponsorship for each day I have/will Live/d Below the Line while riding, walking, swimming and advocating for 35 days… (35 x $1.50= $52.50 actually $51 if I take out the beef jerky day…)
Pastitsio, macaroni baked in a casserole with bechamel and seasoned meat in a tomato sauce. Sort of like the Greek equivalent to Baked Ziti. Moussaka, made with eggplant, potato, meat sauce and bechamel, is also served in the same fashion here.
One of the examples sent to me is that of the little Black Country town, Cradley. It recently had one side of its main High Street demolished for a by-pass. It has made the town look ridiculous and odd. This folly was proposed to the council by unelected planners and, in this case, authorised by just one councilor. I rang Sandwell council several times but none of the planners were ever available and the calls were not returned.
Come on out and get a breathe of fresh air,it will start your day off good! it’s free,it’s fun and plenty of parking.
this is coming up today because – you guessed it – it turned out to be a no-nap day.
Serene.. Simple.. Magical..
I can't remember a time when Uncle Bill wasn't planted firmly in our lives, the roots stretching across the miles and tethered to our heart strings. Toronto, Calgary and abroad, the strength of his love will be firmly entrenched and his smile engraved in our lives.
When I last posted, South America had 4 of the teams in the round of 8; 3 from Europe, and the black stars of Ghana. Now Ghana is gone and so are 3 of the 4 South American teams, and 1, Argentina, fell to Germany 0-4. Europe dominated in the quarters, winning all 3 matches. I expected the Germany Argentina match to be close, but never imagined it would be a blowout. Like Chile and Brasil in their elimination contests, Argentina unaccustomed to being behind, fell apart in the second half.
something not quite seen
“It is definitely a part time hobby that I enjoy sharing with my kids, especially my two youngest daughters, Abbigayle & Shye Anne. I know this has inspired them as Abbigayle is getting ready to start her own business on Etsy soon. She is working on the products she will carry as we speak.”
XL: “No doubt, no doubt. It’s such a powerful tool nowadays. It’s pretty much the reason why Xtatic Line blew up like it did in such a short period of time, I launched and presented the project online and it just spread like wildfire. It was truly unbelievable. It’s also the reason why I’m releasing “Re:Dawn”, because of that interaction with the fans. I do listen and look at what people are saying or requesting, I truly value my fans and what they have to say.”
Thank almighty God that the odious phrase "authentic" was jettisoned after Rosalyn Tureck and her friends proved in the mid 1990s that there was no such thing anywhere, in any field. Still, there's also something inherently patronising in the term "Historically Informed" since it implicitly pre-supposes that everybody else is not. This is not true. The many great pianists who play Bach on the modern Steinway, Bosendorfer or Fazioli are perfectly well informed, often more so than their counterparts - they just choose to play on an instrument that can actually be heard in Alice Tully Hall. I'd defy any early music specialist to be better informed about Bach than, for instance, Angela Hewitt.
"Darling", says the husband, "Do you love me?"
The parents lamented on the amount of trophies that were piling up at their house and nine year olds with black belts!! Sure, there are a lot of levels of black belts in tae kwon do, but seriously, hearing a nine year old boasting about being a black belt is rather obnoxious.All of this is okay, if that's what you're looking for, but know and understand the difference.
Have a great weekend.
The parade of life going by sounds so close it could be marching through my bedroom. --Pg. 3 of an ARC of "Breaking Beautiful" by Jennifer Shaw Wolf
“You just want to brag about your trip to Tahiti,” I’d think. Insert a silent “bitch” at the end of that sentence, if you’d like.
Hansina
I am sending out a wish...to you.
The point is that there is plenty of money to stop spending on and for our country to keep its obligations and not default; and if our Dear Leaders went through the whole US budget, I am sure that the debt ceiling would not be an issue right now.
St. Arnold Divine Reserve No. 11 - Double IPA - cask-conditioned firkin - 8.9% ABV
Now, acting on sources that are entirely a combination of hearsay and ad hominem arguments, I know some people here who know Vogt, who tell me that he is absolutely the kind of guy who would never, ever say something like this. So, if you're feeling even a little bit generous, it's not too much of a stretch to say that the press fumbled this one. This problem is rampant enough throughout astronomy that NASA actually offers seminars on how to speak to the press in a manner that, among other things, teaches you how to keep them from misquoting you.
It’s always nice to be able to experience a location first hand but sometimes budget; time and other restrictions make travel difficult. Here’s a tool that would allow you to travel the world virtually. If you do have the opportunity to travel this tool will allow you discover locations in real-time before you arrive. If you are an educator Google Earth will allow you to teach many subjects using geographical locations and expand the lesson with endless possibilities. Your own content can be uploaded as well.
For dumplings… mix all dry ingredients together in a bowl. Add milk and mix. Take some dough and roll in palm of hands (should be enough to fit in palm) then form a log like shape. Do this with the rest of dough and set them aside.
Like it’s brand implies, this type of water fountain gives usage of this kind of water supply by way of just about any direction, producing a lot of area quickly available for a lot of pets in unison. The exact water feature capabilities the branded 5 in, falling stream relating to water making pet mate fountains water qualities very well liked. Similarly, you will discover a lot of rings furnished with your fountain which helps you to customize the dimensions as well as force from the drinking water stream to fit your canines requirements. A couple of house animals just simply like a superior, speedier flow even though some opt for a several additional options.
Well there’s a shocker, none of my predictions have come to fruition, except for the Blues winning in five games. As much as I like to talk about sports and think I know everything, when it comes to the playoffs you can throw out all of the statistics and everything you thought you knew. The playoffs bring out the best and the worst in players and theres nothing like a goalie on a hot streak that can ruin your series in a hurry (thanks Pekka). You truly cannot measure the heart and desire of players once they get into the postseason. As of right now though, the bigger stories than the current upsets of NHL heavyweights (Pittsburgh, Detroit, San Jose, Vancouver), is the fact that Brendan Shanahan continues to make an absolute mockery of the discipline system.
Laughton itself was lovely too. It can't be much more than five miles from Market Harborough and its train service to London, but it feels as remote as a village can.
There's been a lot of hype about House of the Devil on the blogosphere, so I was really hoping to love this movie. Unfortunately, for the most part this film was like telling ghost stories around the camp fire: fun at first, lots of atmosphere but very few genuine chills, and quite a bit of smoke--being blown right up your ass.
Streamyx has been really down in my area for couple of weeks. It was really frustrating when I couldn't open sites and when I wanted to move to another site the round 'thing' went round and round!
This is where diaries get fun. Now that you’re used to writing down every piece of food that you eat, now is the time to add more details. I recommend breaking your day into Breakfast, Morning Snack, Lunch, Afternoon Snack, Dinner, and Anytime. Now when you eat at one of those predetermined times, write down the time and your hunger level on a scale of 1-5, 1 being I’m still stuffed from my last meal and 5 is “I’ve been in the desert for three days and I’m STARVING!!!” As a rule of thumb you should never be eating at any of those extremes. In theory you should be eating before you get to the starving place, but you shouldn’t be eating out of boredom. It’s particularly important to note that you should also be noting if you’re upset or bored, etc. Remember this is YOUR diary, no one is going to see it but you, so don’t be embarrassed if you at that pint of Ben & Jerry’s because your boyfriend just dumped you. Because no one will see it but you. But if you’re an emotional eater, you’ll begin to see patterns and learn how to cope with your feelings/issues without eating. But I’ve digressed, anyways, you also what to get more specific about how much. Buy a food scale if you have the extra cash, they’re well worth the investment. If you don’t want to, that’s fine (it does take extra work), but try to be as precise as you can. Also begin to write down the caloric content of eat of your pieces of food, as well as meal and daily totals. This will give you a good idea of where/when you’re calories are coming from. You’ll also get to see if you’re meeting or exceeding your recommended caloric intake. It’s important to not fall too below your recommended intake either, because that will slow down your metabolism.
Well, as I wrote in this comment I made last Saturday, the Tokyo Sky Tree was illuminated in both blue and purple from 6:30PM until 9:30PM tonight in a test run of the LED lights that will be used to light up the tower every evening once it’s done being built.
I was hooked by Dark and Disorderly right from the opening scene, when Lillie is ambushed by her dead husband in the bathroom. It was such a gripping start and made me so excited to read on. In fact, the whole book was amazing! Lillie’s a fantastic protagonist – spunky, stubborn, and realistic – and the author’s built a wonderful world. I love the fact that Lillie has a contract with the municipal government for ghostbusting and that she’s a cog in the administrative wheel, albeit an under-appreciated and somewhat reviled one. Plus, John Tresher has suitably mysterious motives and backstory, and I can’t wait to learn more about him.
I have no answers… Only questions. But what I am coming to believe in more than anything else is “good.”
The hallway smelt of Bovril and chicken curry pies. At one end of it a coloured poster, too large for indoor display, had been tacked to the wall. It depicted simply an enormous face: the face of a man of about forty-five with gray hair and a self-satisfied smirk. It was one of those pictures which are so contrived that the eyes follow you about when you move. SKY SPORTS - NOW SHOWING MORE NON-RIGGED, CHEATING-FREE SCOTTISH PREMIER LEAGUE FOOTBALL THAN EVER BEFORE, the caption beneath it ran.
I haven’t said much about the great “flood” in awhile and a few have inquired if we are done with the fix up yet….
Couples/Marriages: Rose/Mickey, Rose/Doctor (arguably), Martha/Mickey, Amy/Rory, River/Doctor.
After five years of being an herbivore it finally dawned on me that I *really* need to try and ditch stuff in packages.
I constantly remind myself that the very words that I speak LITERALLY co signs my present as well as my future…
* mindless tv ~ sometimes you just don't want to have to think
I have been pondering this for a while now and thought maybe writing it down will help my mind pass on over it as there is nothing to be done at this point about it.
More prizes given by
Upon which were crowned seven Anglo-Saxon kings
It's a fairly quick read, middle-elementary level but certainly enjoyable by most ages.
-body suction on empty tubs
Fill one of the empty bottles with Twizzlers (or any kind of stick candy small enough to fit), and fill the other with fresh flowers.
The scenes (almost all of them) are funny and rightly over-dramatic. I could absolutely relate to each and every situation since I share a similar background (professionally and personally).
slightly hunched busy
It took about 15 minutes until they opened the gates and the lady at the turnstile had already pre-scanned our tickets so at the appointed moment, we would all just walk through. The order: Noah, Camille, Heidi, and then me. After the heavier ladies of course, it's not like we're impolite.
In Romans 15, God’s word says ,”May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you the same attitude of mind toward each other that Christ Jesus had, so that with one mind and one voice you may glorify the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Accept one another, then, just as Christ accepted you, in order to bring praise to God.”
It is complicated.
I didnt like that Rob-bear got a new job and had to stop. Mummy says I shouldn’t say that as these things happen. Well, I was sad that he had to stop.
The soul, being a heavenly form, is responsive to love. During human life, it fashions our minds (heart and intellect) according to our likes and dislikes. This process is fully organic and results in the creation of our spirit, or more precisely, our spiritual bodies. In other words, the spiritual organs of this rarefied body form in a way that is perfectly analogous to the ideas, affections and constituents of our belief systems. It is formed according to who we really are. That is why we can seek and digest information that favors our opinions as a real “food” to maintain our inner lives.
TSKHINVALI (Tiraspol Times) - Despite not being at war with anyone, for the year 2007 the military budget of Georgia is showing the highest growth rate of any country in the world, with much of it being financed openly and directly by its key military partner, the United States.
The pal said Laura told her they kissed and cuddled on the bed after a flirty chat.
“Jerks,” Genna blurted in a loud exhalation of breath, “They’re superstitious jerks, both of them.”
Athena the Brain is such a short story - at 160 pages - so telling you much more would probably spoil the story. But it is a fun, light, quick read that I'm sure older children will enjoy reading. It's a great introduction to Greek myths, such as the Trojan war, without overloading the youngsters with too much info they would find hard to understand, and amusing, "fictional" anecdotes about things like why Medusa has snakes for hair and can turn people into stone. I say "fictional" within speechmarks because they're not correct to my admittedly wanting knowledge of Greek myths, yet it's a myth, so it's fiction anyway.
I couldn’t resist a brief stop off at Poechenellekelder, as is my wont at this stage (well, third time there at any rate), as it’s got a decent beer selection and some simple food to munch on. As with all such extensive beer menus, it’s a bit of a pin the tail on the donkey, so I picked one of the lower ABV beers (5.8%), Martin’s Pale Ale (Scottish and Newcastle? Hey, I didn't know when I ordered it!), to go with my Double Croque Monsieur (and yes, I did ask the waiter “How big is your Croque, Monsieur” before I ordered the double, but he didn’t quite get the it).
Observing the behavior of children supports the truth of this paradox. The joy of children comes from their captivation with the wonders in this world. They have not gazed on the universe as long as we have; therefore, its beauty is still fresh in their eyes. Children delight in playing the same games and hearing the same stories over and over again because they are still enthralled by the beauty of those things. Who would not sustain this sense of delight if he could? Alas, as we grow old we seem to lose something of this delight, despite life being no less beautiful. Our eyes grow dim with age and we no longer see as clearly the rich significance in every starry sky and every blade of grass.
You do NOT write the book first and then approach a publisher.
The vision is a great one. Now we have to prove we can deliver….
when i’m ready to be gone – no more fuck ups. no more accidental unconscious vomiting out the worst of it so that i could be carted into the emergency room on display. you know i won’t fail this time.
One day I’ll get there.
You can read the notice and response in full below. The fraudulent nature of extracting your money is exposed when Islington Parking Services were on the receiving end from a TPUC reader, and promptly withdrew the charge after 2 weeks by letter.
Why is it that I get all of the idiots with e-mail addresses?
In America now, the five-a-day message is “invisible; it has completely dropped off the radar”, says Nestle. As I said before, eating five-a-day isn’t bad advice, but neither is it a health panacea, and failing to meet that target isn’t necessarily going to have an adverse effect on your health.
It turns out that the folding of the ingredients is a very tricky and exacting step in the process. Just one fold too many, and you can ruin your entire batch of macarons. Too few folds, and your under-mixed concoction can yield disaster, as well. Also crucial, gross as it may seem, is to age your egg whites before using them. A good thing to do is to separate your eggs, yolks from whites, and leave your egg whites sitting out of the refrigerator for a minimum of 24 hours, or as long as 48 hours. Bizarre, but I figured if it was going to increase my chances of producing a good macaron, I was willing to try it!
Family Traditions: A Glimpse into Christmas Future
Yes. I was stupid enough to take my left hand and place it into harms way.
The Context
I’ve driven over the tops of snow covered mountains with coaches. I sometimes couldn’t even leave the flat yard where I worked in this country.
Here's a view of the inside giving a better sense of how the card is shaped. Even with the flower embellishments on it this shape folds down reasonably flat for posting ... a fact worth considering now that UK postage is going up yet again!
The only telly I get to watch these days is children's TV, and like most parents I appear to have absorbed every song and dance routine via some sort of mental osmosis, where information goes from a strong concentration (television) to a very weak one (my brain).
How is Randy’s father? Randy said he is the toughest man he knows, his dad will be fine, in time. But he can’t say the same about Kane. He shows that he isn’t a monster after beating his dad with a pipe backstage. But at Extreme Rules, that is legal in a Falls Count Anywhere match, and at Extreme Rules, Kane will find out how twisted and sick Randy can be.
Food is only one, incredibly small part of the puzzle that makes up my eating disorder.
In other words, when I was in sixth form (thats seventeen or so, for those of you either not from round these parts or too young to remember what proper school was like), I first got into medieval re enactment. Except really, it was barely re enactment at all in the proper sense of the words, it was all nylon tunics and aluminium swords – we hadn’t even learnt to spell authenticity cos no one had heard of it back then. Being the smart arsed little snot I was (and some would argue still am) I think I was the only one in my group who even treid to use wool (and by wool a mean woolly looking mixed fibres) and I did my best to use something vaguely medieval looking for my embroidery.
To finish the little guy off I added the Happy Birthday sentiment using my Studio G lime green ink and added some green bling! Viola!
I was born in Barbados and moved to London to study Social Anthropology at the London School of Economics and Political Science, I was the first black woman to study anthropology at the LSE. I developed an interest in shamanistic healing exploring the way in which people are able to heal themselves and others. After this I married and studied further in Applied Anthropology, became pregnant and had my first child. Life is often stressful for first time Mums with jobs and businesses and homes and I was looking for a way to look after myself. Yoga with a new baby seemed perfect and so the journey into yoga began. Yoga has further led me towards other healing arts, such as Acupuncture and Massage.
Rockets Through Space occupied Dad's loving attention. He worked late
Can you see the bunny?These guys are the source of joy by kids of all ages(Ahem mainly me) every time they hop on out to join us.
(Disclaimer: I do know there are other men of other nationalities that can do the same and very well, but we are talking about Asian men so don’t get bent out of shape if you a male reader that isn’t Asian)
In the feminism chapter from the shoe book, Barnard mentioned “Feminism points out that there are gender differences and argues that the gendered position of the understanding subject has a part to play in, and makes a difference to, the understanding of understanding.” To some extent, the user of Pinterest is also creating their understanding of certain words (usually the title of their collection board), e.g. on User A’s board “Spring”, she not only put what people would normally put: flowers, but also pictures of Easter and St. Patrick’s Day, which shows she might be a religious person. The Spring collection might have influence in the following way (1) to other viewers, who has never thought from a holiday or religious perspective about spring, they may have more insights about the season now (2) shape the author’s own understanding of spring by consistent interaction with the board. It’s like the part and whole relationship we covered in previous class: the author’s “horizon” affects what she puts on the board named Spring, and what she put on the board (sometimes may be a random or suddenly inspired choice) will also cast influence on her understandings.
In the 20+ years since I left those dark times, not a day has gone by where I have not been thankful for whatever kept me safe and alive. But I can say that in some small ways, I am grateful for having come so very close because it has provided me with a healthy appreciation for all that life has to offer. It has also provided me with some thoughts and feelings about why suicide is such a sad choice.
Poor Gibbsy. He can’t get no respect. And guess what? He doesn’t give a rat’s ass, either. Just like his mentor. The joke’s on Everybody–except Goldman Sachs, of course. For everybody else who actually thought Obama was interested in you, consider Bob Barack’s own personal Whoopie Cushion gift to you.
PETA is notorious for calling the utilitarian philosopher Peter Singer “the father of the animal rights movement” as well as calling Singer’s book, Animal Liberation, the “bible of animal rights”. Ironically, however, Singer is an act-utilitarian who explicitly rejects rights for anyone, human or nonhuman. In contradiction to PETA’s motto, Singer believes that animals are ours to eat, wear, and experiment on (1, 2, 3). According to Singer, as long as we raise and kill them “humanely”, or as painlessly as reasonably possible, there is nothing wrong with using animals for our purposes. In other words, for Singer, following the 18th century utilitarian philosopher Jeremy Bentham who founded the animal welfare movement 200 years ago, the issue is treatment, not use.
3. Salt or Sweet?
alongbine: I know that you are probably tucked up in bed right now, which you should be, but I had to tell you, I have NO work hours for the next two weeks.
Days per year of suitable weather: more than 300
12. One page’s background must be a photo
If you would like to purchase the alarm clock, just send me a note at theclassicbride@gmail.com with your zip code and I will get you a shipping quote. All final payments are accepted via PayPal.
My sister received a call from a friend last week. Her friend had attended a Weight Watcher meeting and someone in the meeting recommended that the group go on-line and check out this blog she found...
Four things publishers do know about the digital future (yes, people will read from screens. Yes, change will happen; the race is on, even if we can't know how it will turn out. Yes, other content industries have been "knocked sideways" by the Internet, so there's no reason to assume publishing will manage better. Yes, digital is the future of book marketing.)
April 17th:
Follow this process and you may just have a fulfilling platonic relationship. Or you may just decide you want the sex, in which case, I’m surprised you’ve read this far.
5. We cannot see, hear, nor taste time. Perhaps feel.
The past few weeks have been harrowing, and disheartening, and eye-opening, and more. The past few weeks saw my beloved–a green card holder and lawful US resident since the early 90s–detained by ICE upon returning from a conference in Europe, and held without a hearing (or alternatives or freedom or sunlight) since. One of the detainees in his block wove the Rosary above; I cannot believe in God, but I wear it.
Sometimes it can be refreshing to read a poetry collection without prejudice. By that, meaning that one knows nothing previously about the poet: there is just the poetry to go on. Perhaps that is the way one should read poetry, but sometimes it can be difficult to disengage expectations – Paul Muldoon’s work springs to mind, with his unusual, surprising word choices.
RECOMMENDATION: Like superhero stuff or cartoons? Watch this. Don’t? Then don’t.
It's been a quiet enough day - I had my hair cut this afternoon, picked up a few sewing bits from the fabric shop, and then went wedding dress shopping with a friend who recently got engaged. That was a lovely, if slightly surreal experience. It seems wedding dress fashions really haven't moved on much since the 80s. There were a lot of dresses that would have looked fabulous on Melanie Griffith in Working Girl. Which, while I love that film, is not really a compliment. My friend did find her perfect dress, though, and it was NOT one of the 80s monstrosities! So that was excellent. We followed up with a glass of wine and a debrief with the boys, and now it's film night in Clackett Towers. So, until later my dears. Goodnight!
And, then, dear readers, I fished my purse out. Yes, with my hands.
3) Idealistic one-shots, who rise to power during flashes of mass community unrest, then often disappear shortly afterwards
It is being alleged that Pablo Roopnarine, after years of bankruptcy suddenly returned to wealth mere months after Mrs. Mohammed’s death in 2004. This week calls are being made on the Attorney General to investigate Pablo Roopnarine in the search for the true Mastermind of the 2004 execution of Mala Mohammed.
By the end of the month, Spurlock’s body underwent severe changes including:
1/2 TEASPOON OF KOSHER SALT
If you have obeyed the clutter rules and you have trained your kids to help, you will only need to spend about 30 total minutes a day during the week and perhaps 2 hours on the weekend to have a house that looks good and is reasonably clean. If your house is small and you’re very ruthless about clutter, it could be less. If you’re determined to dust around a ton of stuff, it will be more.
Me and Mom!
I got the job after an interview with a woman with shaking hands, who already seemed tired and disillutioned with her new shop. That probably wasn't a good sign. I was offered a starting salary of £7,250 p/a, rising to £7,500 if I completed my three month probationary period.
And went from there.
But my latest venture with raw cookie dough - FROSTING! Yup, I used it as frosting on top of some chocolate cupcakes. HEAVENLY is all I can say. If you want to make an impressive dessert that hasn't been done before, then make these babies. Words are hard to come by right now, because all I can think about is the remaining cupcake sitting in my fridge right now. I WANT IT SO BAD!!!! Just do me a huge favor and try it. You will not be disappointed and you will become the rock star of the party that you bring them to - trust me!!!
The USP is no longer relevant.
I just wanted to share a terrible experience we had with a Filipino nanny who used us to get out of the Philippines, took our money, lied, and ran away a month and a half after she started her contract.
October was a bit less literary as our middle daughter got married (in Bampton) in a heat wave but November took me to Somerset for another writing retreat, this time with other members of the Scattered Author's Society (SAS). I was able to do almost all my City of Swords edits there. We drank hot chocolate in the woods but failed to see badgers.
The National Reconnaissance Office drill that was being conducted on September 11, 2001, is the strangest. In the exercise, a simulated small aircraft crashed into one of the towers at the NRO headquarters. No plane was involved in the drill, but to simulate damage from the crash, some stairwells and exits were closed off. A bioterrorism exercise was planned for September 12, 2001. It was named Operation Tripod and included a real life test of the US plan to distribute antibiotics to an entire city population during a bioterrorism attack.
The nostalgic note in his voice made her wonder where he’d grown up, what his life had been like before he’d become a star athlete. He’d denied it that night in the ER, but surely he had family somewhere.
In 1822 the foundation stone of the current building was laid by the Duke of Sussex, followed by a grand celebration and meal with 35 toasts and 53 speeches; it was finally opened in 1825.
After a year of anticipation, my trip to India is over. While I have been to India many times, this was a special journey for me because I had a chance to show India to my friends. I ended the trip in Chennai in the company of my family–my husband’s sisters and kids.
That is one big egg!
This package, however, was more a promise of future salvation than an immediate, practical solution. The whole deal is dependent on the approval of the 17 eurozone governments or parliaments, and this is not likely to happen until the end of September or the beginning of October. The 20% ‘haircut’ for Greek bonds will provide very minimal debt relief for the Greek government – Greek government bonds are already trading at less than 50% of their nominal value on the secondary bond markets. If the bond exchange goes through (it requires the agreement of 90% of the bondholders) it will be a good deal for the banks and a raw deal for the Greek people. In fact, it would require a ‘haircut’ of at least 50-60% to make any real difference to the debt mountain weighing down the Greek economy.
Sam: There are several avenues that we are exploring at the moment. There is the normal strategy…where you are giving away equity in Blueseed in return for funds. We are also considering the possibility of raising a venture fund. There will be many start-ups on board; we would be taking equity positions in each of these start-ups. So we are exploring the possibility of raising the money up front, then returning our investors the portion of equity that we would be taking from the start-ups onboard.
I used to be a waiter in a Mexican restaurant in Indiana.
Penelope Cruz closeup. I didn't need to see *THAT*
Before going vegan, I really enjoyed having a big pot of sukiyaki with friends and family – one of my favorite treats growing up. But, a big part of that is beef, so we’ve been modifying this time with veggie-yaki!
I'm wishing you a very happy month of May filled with sunshine, flowers and blessings~
A shiver tracks his spine. Bro reaches inside his overcoat pocket, pulls out a bottle, and downs the dregs. He wipes his lips with his sleeve and drops the empty into the gutter. The bottle does not break. It spins around on its side a couple of times and comes to a stop - bottleneck pointing in his direction. Mephisto Gin - Bottled in Chicago. Bro picks up his guitar and turns toward the club entrance.
And grant that we, for whom thou didst die,
Oh, and feel free to let me know what terms I missed... I'm always happy to hear new ones!
different to . . . is permissible (see, for evidence, The O.E.D.) . . . Different . . . than seems to occur more and more frequently in the New York daily and weekly press. Evidently the comparative sense of the word rather than the fact of its positive form may govern the syntax. Whether this is regrettable is a question of taste. (Usage and Abusage)
The most New Zealand or even Loire-like American Sauvignon I have ever tried – 90/100 points.
Now for Challenge #53 and this one is called Floral Frenzy so we're looking forward to seeing some lovely flowers this fortnight. You don't have to use lots and lots of flowers but we do want them to be a significant part of your project so just one small flower in a corner somewhere won't qualify.
you see, lately i have been feeling more and more that i have been called to be a voice. because i have a message that he has given me… a story to tell. a story about how he brought beauty out of the ashes in my life. and every day i feel this message growing stronger and stronger deep within my heart. it’s not something i can ignore. i can’t help but tell it.
My DT teamies have created some beautiful inspirational creations for your inspiration this month and I can not wait to share it!
See, bankers must discriminate or go out of business. Well, or be bailed out by taxpayers. What they discriminate against is people who can’t repay. That’s moral, they’re lending their customers’ money, arent they? Democrats said it was racial discrimination. Too many blacks couldn’t get loans or buy houses and it had to stop. Bankers said it was definitely discrimination but against poor credit, not race. Nobody listened. Full speed ahead towards 2007, Barney and Chris got lots of contributions and ACORN the unforgettable went out into the neighborhoods recruiting borrowers and ‘occupying’ banks, while bringing the regulators in. Yeah, not what you hear from the big news boys and girls, is it…
4 limbs
Because all I can come up with "spooky spirit fingers" and "miming."
And watch them burn religiously through nights unkind.
One of the things I will miss most about 24 is reading about the casting for the upcoming season and reading hints here and there about what the upcoming season may be about. That was almost as fun as watching the season itself because it helped get you excited for the premiere of the new season. I will miss all of that a great deal.
And I run the red, won’t stop at night
Munich was far more accurate in passing and a little patient compared to Madrid who grew impatient. With 5 minutes regulation time remaining, Gomez lost the best opportunity of the match after being set-up by Robben, who himself had wasted a glorious chance in the first half.
The hunt is on. Rambo becomes the crazed survivalist he is trained to be. Once, when he tries to surrender after killing a cop in self-defense and another when he nearly killsa young hunter before he realizes the kid is not his enemy. Otherwise, he is almost running on autopilot defending himself from the cops and National Guard. We are supposed to be rooting for him, but he is so screwed up, I was really hoping he would be locked up before he wipes out half the authorities in the Pacific Northwest.
These tests and their results talk for themselves and so, we have Windows 8 as the clear winner among the two.
...but it was awkward and 'spiky', and I gave up.
This post is a part of the following link parties:
Huge majorities of Americans are coming to the realization that the entire US economic system is anything but a "free-market" and more resembles feudalism where the already wealthy get to take advantage of tax breaks, subsidies, and loopholes to pay far less than their share of taxes while the middle class gets stuck with the bill. Not only that, but these same "job creators" take that meme to all levels of government are are able to score even more subsidies or government contracts, further enriching themselves. Now that large numbers of Americans are figuring this out, they want to end that system, and work towards a system that includes more tax justice.
02. The Ice Skaters Song - 1994
Next time you read a Zionist newspaper with its stories of immigrant crime, immigrants taking jobs etc, stop and ask why the immigrants are here in the first place. Given the choice, they would have remained at home. Certainly many would not bother coming to Europe if they had to adapt to our ways. The solution to immigration is to stop destroying their countries, and to defend our own. This means focusing on the real enemy; the Establishment. It also means stopping playing their scapegoating games.
The crux of the story definitely is way different from any that I’ve heard/read in a long while. And let me confess, the writing got me hooked from the very first page – the acknowledgement and the prologue had me giggling and laughing and smiling and loving it all the way till the end.
As kings took royal oaths and war raged, the Louvre never wavered under poor leadership or political stresses. She always remained a fortress. In fact, during World War I and II, the museum slowed acquisitions and removed most of the work, hiding them so they would not be taken by opposition forces. Such protective measures allowed the museum to remain the beacon of art history well into the 21st century.
- up the ante on storage ideas
Example if you want to start from letter C, then it can be something like,
What was beginning to be a month of dread and gray and gloom was transformed when I stopped focusing on my own self-pity party into a celebration of all that was, and is, good.
Beer is even an aha moment, about seeing the light.
Compare his soft, watery nymphs to the smouldering, tortured despot above and I think you will agree that in her own way Cleo is just as beautiful as any of them.
Matron: "You only get about 6 to maybe 10 hours at your job. Maybe you should get a job where you can earn enough to rent an apartment?"
This is a fancy way of saying pampered guinea pig. To find a cure to the zombie plague, drug companies need unlimited access to the DNA of survivors, and those who are willing and able to provide it can have their every desire fulfilled.
Please tell me I have chance. I love you, Hiram Monserrate
That his tears burned my cheeks and his heart moved in mine.
One in Saint-Ouen / Porte de Clignancourt - the most famous of the markets and the largest, fondly know as “Les Puces” (The fleas), has everything you can ever imagine. If you thought finding a fine vintage French chandelier or a Louis XII style bed was out of the question, you’ll find out quickly all shopping dreams come true at Les Puces. Many interior designers shop the flea markets for clients and interior design ideas such as New York interior designers and Los Angeles interior designers.
Last weekend's camping trip was an adventure, to be sure. We weren't even sure, when it started, that it was going to be a camping trip. Leaving in the middle of the afternoon, we threw some camping gear in the car, in case we decided that it was something we wanted to do but, in reality, I was hoping to be home before midnight.
To those who would say "The government can not force someone else's views on my behavior and what I do with my body."; it is hypocritical to then turn around and say "The government should impose my views on religious organizations."
in bed with a heating pad
GO CANADA GO!!!
Initially, I had wanted to post the older artwork along with my new sketches for these updates, but I want to keep my work here current.
Don’t get me wrong. I like charities! I like Misha! I want Misha’s charity to be one that I like. Unfortunately, it seems the people behind it have good intentions, but as we in the international development blogger community know, “Good intentions are not enough.”
Abraham didn’t waver in his belief that God had made the promise, but that God had the power to deliver his promise! I thought about my life today. Do I truly believe what God has promised? Or, if I believe in God’s promises, do I TRULY believe that God has the power to deliver His Promise? I know that sometimes we get SO worn down that we start to doubt. Yes, God made promises, and we believe He did. But we may get so discouraged that we start to doubt that He will deliver his promises. Yet Scripture reminds me of what God promises through His son. And he delivered it.
However, a deal was reached last night when drivers agreed to an interim wage rise of 5 per cent on the condition that the industrial action stopped immediately.
Here's a closer look:
I find no issue with that but the rest of the world seems to work in a different timezone.
As the ugliest girl might hate the prettiest, not for her sins but for her beauty and her grace, they hate us not for our flaws but for our achievements. We achieved what others could not, and in the eyes of the aging 60's revolutionaries that in itself means we are an evil they must destroy.
I collected all the small little plants from my backyard and planted them in this pot last month. The plants has flowered and small plants are sprouting. Took that photo this morning and look at the rest :
10:00 a.m. Bike Parade Launch
As I mentioned before, we have been taking Rosie to church since she was around 8 weeks old. This has definitely been a challenge at times, as going somewhere with a newborn/infant is NOT easy, but we wanted to get back into church as soon as possible after we felt it was "safe" for us to take her. As you can imagine, I was completely terrified of germs, the flu, RSV, and anything else that might make my precious angel sick! However, we have been SO fortunate and blessed that Rosie has been healthy, despite taking her to church and other outings. In this post, I'm going to include some of our favorite church memories (so far!) and of course show you some of her CUTE outfits... ha ha!!! Sundays are dress-up days for Rosie - pretty much the only day of the week she wears a dress AND a headband!!!!
6.Who is your biggest celebrity crush?
So I suppose the questions are: Is there any point to having this debate? Will this debate affect the outcome of the public consultation in any way?
What happens next is shocking, sad and believable. People are not consistent; Lady Duff Gordon shows herself to be modern in that she is liberated, fearless and charitable - but only to those who suit her self-image. As Madonna 'rescues' a child from an orphanage in Milawi with a great fanfare ... into the arms of a nanny, so Lady Duff Gordon treats the poor villagers around her, while in her quieter private life she is less valiant. And it becomes apparent that 'The Mistress of Nothing' is a Serpent's Tail book after all - just as edgy and thought-provoking - but a more subtle, nineteenth century version.
Soccer…ugh. Fuck you, soccer. My soccer career lasted 1 semester in college. The class was Fitness Programs, which apparently is just another name for Soccer. I bitched the entire time and the professor thought it was hilarious. Soccer not only involves foot-eye coordination, but it also involves running back and forth. And kicking.
And because it's a book launch party, I'll be telling you all about my new release, Women of Strength, and inviting you to purchase it by clicking here. It's not in stores yet - at least, that I know of, and I'm in a cast, so there could be a lot going on out there that I don't know about - and you'll be among the first to get a copy! What's awesome is that Amazon just lowered the price - it used to be $13.99, but right now it's only $11.89.
Which happens to do the same
"Never will you be able to change them through a parliamentary majority."Our PM, the right-wing head of the most right-wing cabinet in years, has agreed to (1) allow foreigners to set the budget target, a right that is supposed to be reserved for parliament. And (2) it enshrines this right in Dutch law FOR PERPETUITY. No future Dutch government, or future parliament will have the legal means to deviate from the 'budget brake', even if it thinks it warranted.
Each post consists of a single movie review that states salient facts, a plot synopsis, and our opinion of the film. Each post is categorized to allow searching by choreographer (when I could determine that), composer, decade of release, director, hero (main actors and actresses), language (main language, not subtitles), and type (comedic, dramatic, etc). Since the best Bollywood films are masala, most films have multiple “type” categories. While many Bollywood films are suitable for children under the age of 10, I have only marked as “family friendly” those movies that I think are particularly compelling for or interesting to children.
My school counseling internship has taken over my life. I guess that's to be expected since it's like a having a full-time job minus the pay. If I'm not at school, then I'm reading articles about school counseling, editing and re-formatting my resume, writing cover letters, putting together my portfolio, and getting super nervous about the whole searching for a job thing. Who knew I'd be so terrified at simply the idea of an interview?
This woman and I had two friend-dates this summer. I knew it wasn’t love—there wasn’t a super easy rapport; we didn’t laugh much; we weren’t “omigod…” finishing each other’s sentences. But she’s interesting. She’s smart and talented and has been in Paris for a few years. I figured we could see each other occasionally and get an American fix and that maybe I would learn a thing or two from her.
2 T butter (can use oil instead)
All in all it was a very nice Thursday off with the one I love the most.
The White Horse of the White Horse Vale
As long as number 2 stays a factor in season 3 then WD will be 1.
Not all chocolates need to be the same as Haigh's to be superb. Some times it takes a special hand crafting and a keen ingenuity to know which ingredient goes with another to make a chocolate something special.
amid whose swift half-intermitted burst,
Pour milk onto a plate with lips or very shallow bowl. place 3-4 drops, each a different color, of food coloring close together in the center of the plate. Then, put a q-tip into the center. What happens?
Dinner: Chicken fingers BAD and fries super bad!!!! (2 fats at least and 3 starch and 1 protein)
We stayed at Moody Gardens and played in the water more than anything else. It was a very laid back, relaxing trip. The kids loved that Mom got in the lazy river with them and let them shoot her with water.
“I had an email from Mr Methane today,” I said. “He said he’s recorded a…”
Your vote will really count this time – Make sure the Tories don’t get away with unfair cuts; vote for councillors who will be able to voice your concerns and not merely follow the line from central government and County Hall. Vote for Lynda & Richard – Labour voices for Cranleigh in tough times.
As in any application, performance is a given expectation in any industry, and at Dow Corning providing quality solutions is one of our core values. Like I said earlier, we have established a laboratory facility to test substrates. Accordingly, we recommend the right product based on the substrate. At Dow Corning, we believe in offering the best-suited solution for the market.
The clutter has spilt over into my life, I have not been eating properly, not planning meals so therefore when it comes time to cooking dinner, I don't have the ingredients and just end up whipping up something easy and not very exciting. I love to cook, but with my disorganised life I don't have time for cooking at the moment. A year ago, I had plenty of time to cook, I would bake often. My son would come home from school and I would whip up a cake or cupcakes or brownies for he and his friends, but I don't do any of that at the moment due to my disorganisation and my kitchen clutter! My laundry seems to pile up and up and up and needs to be organised and put away! I'm drowning in clutter and disorganisation and I can't stand it!
(When you get tested, you must ask to be tested for herpes. Get the blood test done.)
THE RETURN OF ULTRAMAN debuts on Japan’s TBS network. After a brief hiatus, this series begins an uninterrupted decade long series of new Ultraman TV shows including Ultraman Ace, Ultraman Taro and Ultraman 80.
The child just needs to learn to deal.
The kitchen is the most likely place to find baking soda. Don’t stop with using it for baking, though!
on the utmost heights of Mount Zaphon.
In sort of stuporous swoon from the hours spent imbibing that ambrosial elixir, we’d climb the fence and swagger home for supper.
The feeling you get when witnessing the process is that you are not observing a remnant of a by-gone age, but rather a fully-functioning lavoir that no-one just happens to be using anymore. You can hear the sound of the water flowing and all that is missing is the company and the latest local gossip! I’ve promised myself that next time I’m in the area I’ll have some dirty laundry with me…
The background is organized chaos. That is more or less what my mind and life is like: organized chaos, with little dangler bits to grab a hold of, now and again.
1/3 cup granulated sugar (reduced from 1/3 cup + 2 t)
Just backwards country swang
Funny guy. It was nice to break out the psych skills again, and thank goodness she didn't really get riled up and try to get out of bed or something. So it worked out all right.
This week we have a simple challenge for you:-
This is the poisonous patriarchal soil of fascist reaction against the militant labour movement and the threat of socialist revolution. Stevan Eldred-Grigg shows how NZ experienced a wave of pro-imperialist militarism before the First Imperialist World War when middle class and gentry dressed their children in military-type uniforms and gangs of middle class youth physically attacked socialist and anti-war meetings (The Great Wrong War, 19-25). This was in the context of a virtual class war that reached its climax in the use of farmers enrolled as special constables 'Massey's Cossacks' to attack striking workers.
Meetings can of course serve different purposes:
6. Eastern spell
(Above) Sometimes we sit on the steps to watch squirrels or airplanes or blow bubbles together. Sometimes he stops to rest here after his treasure hunts, to inspect and inevitably taste his precious finds.
Yes! to life, to love, to what comes next.
While technological innovation has been part of the industry since its inception, when it comes to reporting, what we're caught in now is the race to define the Next Big Thing, and how it will change the ad industry. Cable, once upon a time, was the next big thing (lowercase purely intended), as was television itself, but their integration into the mainstream was so slow that, relatively speaking, they could be easily digested not only by the industry, but by those covering it. They were also far less technologically complex. Thus, industry news gave way to an endless focus on account reviews and new TV campaigns, as if those types of events really mattered.
"It was the same dog that he had seen sniffing around earlier."
So it sounds like it would be a great place to move to, right? Like if you needed a job and didn't mind the heat and the ultra-conservative climate, this would be the place to come, right? Before you pack up the kids and the dog, though, there're just a few things to consider. First is the total lack of housing. When you've got this kind of economic boom and this many people have flooded in, construction can't keep pace. There are hardly any houses to rent--if any at all--and not very many to buy. Apartments are full, most (or all--I don't know for sure) with waiting lists. And what's really telling: so are the motels and hotels. Oil companies rent rooms for weeks and months at a time for the executives who come in to check up on business, and workers are living in the rooms--as many men packed into a room as can fit. You hear of five and six men living in one motel room. The parking lots are full of work trucks in the evenings, late. RV parks are full, and although I haven't seen them, I've been told there are tent cities outside of town. There were in the 80s, in the last huge boom--there were tents in vacant lots then. The parking lot of The Dreaded Wal-Mart is full most nights, and while most of those RVs are probably people passing through, I suspect some of them are people living there, setting up their BBQ grill next to the shopping cart corral.
Name. Address. Phone number.
They collapse all five skaters around Smith, crushing anyone who tries to carry the puck in the “House” (the high-percentage scoring zone directly in front of the goaltender, extending out to the Faceoff dots and up to the hash marks) and allowing Smith to make all the low-percentage saves. If the Penguins ran the Coyotes ugly-but-effective defense-first system, I guarantee Flower would better Smith’s .930 Save Percentage and 8 Shutouts. Phoenix has to play this way because they have overall inferior talent to teams like the Blackhawks, and that was the case when the Pens played Philadelphia. The picture below shows four Coyotes swarming Jonathan Toews:
be a small baby.
The personal diary continues to another page with The Rain. Glen Hansard again, this time apologising to a lover for not living up to his words. But also bitterly questioning the very foundations of the relationship – “Okay, we’re not what I promised you we would become. But maybe it’s a question of how much it really was.” The Rain starts off as a slow ballad but picks up after the first verse and travels into a multiple instrument arrangement that does great justice to the lyrics.
And The Manipulation Of The Information
“All Of Me”
I need a rest. Pictures will come after I've had some time off my feet!
A four-year study was launched by the federal Natural Resources Department on April 1. With the aid of industry regulators and universities, it will seek to unearth whether fracking has inducing quakes in British Columbia, New Brunswick and Quebec, Cassidy said.
Finally, and most importantly, since the "price" paid by consumers of illegal behavior is mostly loss of liberty - not money - a price theory of criminal justice presents the unique situation where the supplier of justice (the government) pays, not the consumer (the defendant, for whom the "price" of punishment is set), turning economic theory on its head.
9:00: I grow tired of working on my lesson plan. Michael did lights out for the kids at 8:30. I spend some time checking over my blog posting schedule and schedule for writing posts for Latter-day Homeschooling and The Homeschool Classroom.
We can ask ourselves right now, Who am I?
The nearness in space,
But then, nobody had ever told me that you didn't have to take the test. We all HAD to take the test right? OR so they would have us believe.
For ages 3 and up
Did you notice something different about these pictures?...
LP released by Northern Heritage on 06.10.2009, limited to 500 copies.
It continues, perhaps a bit more grim, and a little off, at least as far as the next few decades go, but it definitely brings attention to the issue:
Here are two true stories…
As I've mentioned, I recently returned from 2 1/2 weeks in South America. Peru and Bolivia to be exact. The main reason for going was a humanitarian expedition to Bolivia for a week. A few of those going decided to go to Peru the week before the expedition since we were going to be so close. Five of us met in Lima to begin our week of adventure...
April:
No Shelf For You
Lines. I’ve never people more willing to wait in lines. Weird. In fact, when I arrived I saw a huge line downstairs, no idea what they were waiting for, so I went upstairs and sat in a chair in an isolated part and tweeted about lines and as soon as I did that, a line started forming in front of me.
This is my response to Edward.
5/17- PCW Politics is War on P-SPAN
Love tastes like it's soaked in life
To be honest I don’t know that I’ll continue with this series. I was a bit let down by the final plot choices. Can I have a vote? Anyone got a good reason why I should sally forth?
He could not tell how long he had hear it, but his cloudy mind snapped into focus when he caught the sound of rushing water. William stumbled over his own feet as he rushed forward.
When I received an email from PhoneFetcher about me doing a review, I instantly knew that this was a product that I had to review!
Harris (Jacksonville, Fla.) became BC’s all-time rushing leader (3,735) last season in the Wake Forest game but has been sidelined recently with a knee injury.
Date published - October 29th 2011
Riki’s stroll down memory lane goes back three years to Midas where he has his initial encounter with Iason Mink who caught and stopped Riki from doing a bad, bad, thing… Oh Riki, you naughty little street boy!
The recent initiative of the Punjab government of distributing laptops amongst thousands of brilliant students of public colleges and universities across the province has met with great success. This initiative helps bridge the digital divide between the haves and haves not, in terms of providing access to tools of modern education.
Who decides to paint their coat closet at 6pm on a Wednesday with a sick kid and no dinner prepared?! And paint it pink no less?! When Mr. Sugarplum came home, he found the two pink walls....oh, and all the contents of the closet.
We are going to a wedding in a few weeks. It's been ages since we had reason to dress up. I like dresses- when they are comfortable and flattering. So I wanted something new, something fun, and something a little stylish.
I guess that incident is one of the main reasons why I don’t like meeting people. You think you know a person, but you can never really know them until you see how they are in real life.
"If the board decides that for violent crimes it will enforce the will of the sentencing courts to keep offenders away from society this court should be loath to interfere," he added. - Sapa
anyways, in this movie, n’Fern’s character likes p’Mario’s character since she first started high school. but the thing is that he has never really noticed her, or so she thought. so to get his attention, she started to change herself so that she would be someone that he would notice. and she has her friends to help her out and all that. also, there was this thing that if she gets to the top of being no.1 in her school or class, she would have the chance to go study abroad, a chance to see her father or a treat from her father or something like that. don’t really remember.
Do the best you can.
David was born David von Ogilheimermann in a town in Sweden that has one of those little circles over the A. He came to America during the great lutefisk famine of 1951. Thinking his name sounded foreign, he changed it to Larry von Ogilheimermann. Then he met a drapery salesman named Ogilvy. He liked the name so much that he changed his name to Ogilvy von Ogilheimermann. Finally, in 1954 he hit on David Ogilvy.
Her mother gasped as she looked out of the other room’s window. “Oh my God! That poor thing, what sort of parents would do that?.. that’s beyond irresponsible! It’s criminal! Oh that’s it, I’m calling the police.” Phone quickly in hand she did what any decent and concerned person would.
You know that lemonade version of MGD 64 Light Beer that MillerCoors introduced a few months ago?
The Rookie (Wikipedia) is the true story of a Texas man named Jim Morris, who, after going against a disapproving father, gets a chance to pitch for a Major League baseball team. Unfortunately he tears his shoulder up, and resigns himself to accepting that his lifelong dream is over. Years later, at the ripe old age of 35, he’s working as a high school science teacher / head baseball coach, and pitching to his kids to help them get better. Then, in an effort to motivate his team, he accepts their challenge for him to try out for the Majors again if they can win their district and make the state playoffs:
of brilliant nicknames: ‘The Forger’, ‘The Cooler King’,
Micro Chip What's left in the bag after you have eaten the chips
But the trip from the apartment to their JFK offices was heinous. Milo was squawking the whole way, despite the half the pill to sedate him I had given him a few hours prior. And when he freaks out in his carrier, he either pees, poops or vomits. This time, he pooped. So the whole ride there, I had him in his carrier on my lap, so I was basically sitting with the lovely smell and thoughts of cat crap in my lap. Amplified by his meows.
Work Song by The Animals
- I love that working through these issues can and should bring unity in the church. I do believe wrestling through these topics are important especially for pastors, worship leaders, etc., and can bring a strong sense of their direct vision to the team.
My parents came for a quick visit to say good-bye before my dad leaves. He's decided to do a civilian intelligence contract in Afghanistan to help locate Al-Queda leaders. He'll be gone a year; we'll all miss him very much. Lucy helped make a giant banner that said "Good Luck Grandpa" (I would show you a picture but...) and had a blast doing it. We also dyed Easter eggs while they were here.
“The neighbours won’t object
In my next article on this subject (Praying as Jesus Prayed Part 2) I will comment on the remaining two themes on Prayer at the beginning of Luke Chapter 11 (cf., Luke 11:5-8; and Luke 11:9-13).
But for all the great times, now reality is hitting. I will have loans to pay back in six months. Ahhh…the legacy of five years of wonderful stupidity and intellect. How’s that for an oxymoron?
My goal this summer is to work my way through my wardrobe. Every single item of clothing gets tried on and worn and I'm "feeling" through the process. (Guffaw). No, but seriously, why hang on to stuff if I can't wear it, or it doesn't fit, or I feel like rubbish every time I wear it? And I found a couple of groups on flickr where people do this and post pictures of what they wear every day. I love seeing what other people are wearing and how they have combined things. They describe where they got them from too, and sometimes the items are 100% secondhand. I think I love used clothing from the "stick it to the man" perspective (also a reason to love gardening), but on the other hand, I also love fashion and beautiful things, being an artist.
So, I thought a Fleur de Lis ornament would be just perfect.
Levine uses inflection and rhythm masterfully. He repeats certain words and phrases for emphasis, like Cleveland and Rolls Royce for examples, bringing attention to their importance. He states facts about places and things and by repeating them or by illuminating their rhythms through alliteration or consonance (“perfect grill for a Rolls Royce” or “the coldest I’ve ever been is in Cleveland” or “the citizens of Cleveland passed me sullenly”) they start to feel connected like memories along a journey. The Rolls Royce might signify the car industry which could connect all the other places he mentions back to Detroit, his home town and first spot on his journey. He also mentions several types of transportation (Rolls, Dinky, bus, train, walking) and that along with the cities is making me think all of it is symbolic of this journey being a major theme.
There was a fullness of life I felt happening here one cold, wet, December trip several years ago. I was visiting Lauren, my muse and oldest best friend who moved to the city directly after finishing her undergrad at UVA. I was a wide-eyed girl from North Carolina on my first trip to California. A venture which marked my second time being west of the Mississippi River.
When we pray for other people, I think we usually pray for those people we think really need prayer. It’s usually those people that we know are going through some hard times, people we know are making poor life choices and getting caught up in sin, or people we know who don’t believe in Jesus. That leaves out a significant group of people in the population of those you know: the mature Christians who have a healthy spiritual life and are not going through any major trials. We don’t get mass emails asking prayer for the guy who is reading his Bible every day and serving his family faithfully in the midst of normal life. We must think that people like this have achieved some kind of higher spiritual plane where they only need prayer if they’re going on some insanely intense mission trip to a headhunting tribe in the Amazon. Regardless of whether we think about it in that much detail, we do tend to think that those kind of Christians don’t really need much prayer because they’re doing so well.
It was very touching to see the joy and excitement in the faces of people, after the gift items were given to them. We also had games and dancing competitions to make the event more exciting. The turn-out was amazing and I had the fun of my life!
Since it appears Google isn't going to come to their senses and keep Picnik around, it's time to face the inevitable. I've been playing around with the different photo-editing sites available, and PicMonkey is by far my favorite. It was created by former Picnik people, so it's veeeeeery similar. I edited this post and this post completely with PicMonkey. It's free for now, but I'm sure once they add more features (and Picnik closes for good), they'll start charging.
While if it doesn’t I can focus on leveling until 90 and then go hunting as a post level cap activity.
(6) Is the stage of the technological process at which temporary acts of reproduction take place relevant to whether they constitute “an integral and essential part of a technological process” (see Article 5(1) of Directive 2001/29)?
Not only do they have fresh fiddleheads, but they're selling little baby purple and white cauliflower (whole perfect little bitty heads), baby romanesco, and baby orange cauliflower, among other produce. (Click on the photo to see these little sweeties.)
Sprinkle with chopped parley and serve.
The zyOzy Foundation today announced the release of the Brighter Way Haiti Choir Project video across all social media outlets.
Here's my "treatment plan," gleaned from browsing the worldwide web:
She also was one of the sexy dancers at the infamous Harlem nightclub The Cotton Club, where the entertainment was exclusively African-American, the clientele was exclusively white and the management were gangsters.
For the Tiger Rising, I made bookmarks using our discussion questions, so that everyone could keep in mind some of what we’d be discussing. (I’ve included them here bookmarkTTR).
The path of escape is clear. Blow the trumpet. Its sound will not disturb the pure. Those who wait for you will not be able to withstand it.
Something it won’t
The giveaway ends August 28th, sometime in the evening.
Until the other kids knock him down.
PRESSING INFO: 9000 pressed. Gate fold style CD case.
And a chef
2. In The Flesh (5:00)
Sent c/o Texas Rangers ST
Please take a little time out to rifle through your drawers and pop down to your local Oxfam with the bras that no longer fit, the ones that never did and the ones you just don’t like anymore.
As mentioned in class, I’ll be away for an important K-12 summit and workshop from February 19-23. I expect that you guys will be more than capable of working independently while I’m away.
Yemen: Al-Qaeda gunmen fatally shot an American teacher. The terror network’s affiliate in Yemen issued a message saying, “This operation comes as a response to the campaign of Christian proselytizing that the West has launched against Muslims,” calling the teacher “one of the biggest American proselytizers.” He was shot eight times on a Sunday.
I'm using this as a side to chicken tacos tonight. I think this would be good tossed with chicken breast and served as an entree. What do you think?
Our trip to Mallorca (a.k.a. Majorca) in February was unforgettable and thoroughly unexpected. Well, the trip itself was expected. After all, we did book plane tickets and lodging, but aside from where we stayed and when, the rest of the trip was anything but on plan. For starters, it snowed in Mallorca, including the beaches of Palma, a week before our arrival.
As she helped the Afghans to create an independent media after five years of utter oppression under the Taliban, she came to deeply admire the character of the people. The Afghans had a great sense of humor, were practical, engaging, and keen to learn. The women and girls, having been denied an education under the Taliban for five years, were passionate about their schooling. And then there was the stunning landscape that informed the Afghan culture in every way.Because Lisa is a photojournalist, she took photos everywhere she went. In 2003, when a girls’ school in a village where she was teaching was burnt down by opponents of educating girls, she documented the wreckage–then became totally caught up in the determination of the 200 girls and the school principal to rebuild their classrooms and continue their education.
Most of the time when I happen upon a high ledge I peer over the edge, feel my tummy drop, and take a solid step back. But sometimes I fold out my wings, vigorously shake up their magic sparkles, and then I JUMP.
SS: And finally, do you have any future romantic comedies planned about a female screenwriter who meets and falls for a really awesome screenwriting blogger?
2. Graphics – They’re adequate. I do not have much of an issue with the graphical presentation here, but many players are unhappy with the style. That’s fine. This certainly isn’t Skyrim — nor could it be, really, while still maintaining the MMO aspect. There are, however, more polygons present in the landscape and characters/gear than what you’ll find in, say, World of Warcraft.
The only issue I had with The Boo Hag was the ending. While most of the story is resolved, we are still left with some unanswered questions. I wasn't aware that this was the beginning of a series, so when the book stopped, I thought something happened with my download. Alas, it was just the mighty cliffhanger! Once I knew this, the ending made complete sense.
Give us dirty laundry!
While I love the odd glass of wine, sweet treat or decadent meal, in general I try to eat really healthy and “clean” the majority of the time. I think people often talk themselves into overeating because they take up running, but unless you are pounding out some serious miles (I’m talking 15+ mile runs regularly), only some small changes are necessary, assuming you eat a relatively healthy, balanced diet in the first place. Sure you might have to up the caloric intake a bit, but probably not at much you think. We tend to overestimate how many calories we burn, and underestimate how many we take in.
Speaking of my big, poofy hair... I have been using Dream Curls since High School to keep the frizz down and the curls bouncy and I love it! I have strayed and tried other products, but have never found anything I like quite as much. It gives me beachy curls without any crunchiness.
Such a re-definition of the word “atheist” trivializes the claim of the presumption of atheism, for on this definition, atheism ceases to be a view. It is merely a psychological state which is shared by people who hold various views or no view at all. On this re-definition, even babies, who hold no opinion at all on the matter, count as atheists! In fact, our cat Muff counts as an atheist on this definition, since she has (to my knowledge) no belief in God.
- COFFEE PARADISE – barrels and barrels of deliciously aromatic coffee beans from all over the world armed with eager employees ready to help you choose, grind, and bag, as well as well-written signs to describe each beans’ characteristics.
And the third. Well, the third was the point when I realised what the first two were really about.
But I didn’t want goody-goody angels. I even wrote, in huge letters across the top of my first page: “No Touched by An Angel allowed.” I wanted a down-to-earth type of angels who did the mundane, day-to-day guardianship stuff the other angels were too busy to take care of, with a strong emphasis on the delightful friction that occurs when the everyday rubs up against the supernatural.
RSVP: India.
FOR ADULTS
And really, would you want it to be?
The steam hissed. Someone cleared his throat.
Democrat in America on Meet The Press
For those unfamiliar with Ms. Des Barres’ tome – it is the story of her life as a rock’n’roll kitten, and her rollicking adventures cavorting with the likes of Jim Morrison, Jimmy Page, and Keith Moon. And it wasn’t that she was just hanging out with these people – she made an entire career out of being a bona fide groupie. To me, her life seemed to be filled with sunshine and flowers, sweet hazy smoke and musky patchouli, feather boas and velvet capes (and the occasional whip and chain thanks to the aforementioned Mr. Page). It all seemed so glamorous, and being a groupie sounded way more fun than working in a bookstore. I envied her position and guileless hipness, and her uncanny ability to be in the Right Place at the Right Time. And, of course, her liaises with famous rockstars.
echoes
My pathetic reviews can’t top Jason’s insightful notes, so I am not going to try, except to let you all know that this is hands down, absolutely, my favorite stout right this second. Go find some!
Learning to swim is about overcoming that fear and once she does she feels 'like the last kid who refuses to let go of the tooth fairy' angry at herself herself as 'years of her life had been sacrificed' due to the 'force of her flawed convictions.' MacLeod structures the story brilliantly, deftly switching from one narrative thread to another whilst maintaining a pulse-quickening tension that comes from Stacy leaping at the beginning and us following her descent and fate as the story develops. What it shares with Chlorine is that spirit of pushing oneself to do something one usually can't. In fact the best moments of this collection share that same impulse and MacLeod writes brilliantly about the human body in extremis. There is something hugely optimistic about trying to achieve the impossible and something shockingly grounding about those moments when we realise we are just human.
19. Beware, beware the Ides of March! Psst…what’s an ‘Ides’?
Hotel Features.
So here they are again with a link as well.
to play
BEFORE SAYING ANYTHING ABOUT THE BIKINI PICS READ THIS PLZ!
3) You hear about women's hair changing after pregnancy from straight to curly or curly to straight. Mine stayed straight, but where my hair parts...it flipped sides. It used to go from the right over to the left. Now it lays from the left to the right.
Rel planted his feet as firmly as he could and heaved. Rissad gasped in pain, but slid a good foot or so away from the door. Hunger had clearly taken a toll on the Gatemaker's already-slender build. Another heave, this time with Rissad's gasp turning into a scream before Rel stopped, saw the other man well out of the way. Assuming the door was going to stop at a right-angle to the opening. With a wall of concrete swinging slowly towards them and only bare rock behind, that was a more disturbing thought than Rel wanted to entertain.
08. No rest 3:08
Me: "The hell you say."
So, after I finished my Master’s Degree in Education, my wife and I began building communities and schools; and we have cultivated inter-denominational houses of prayer both separately, and as a function of some of the communities. The results we’ve seen in California, Canada and South Korea have been phenomenal – both in individual lives and in the lives of the groups we’ve served. What’s more, we have often begun to see positive change throughout a neighborhood and into the rest of the city, as a result of our efforts.
One more add: I think Morris NEEDS to make a move because the ballot is about to get overstuffed -- and, worse for Morris, it is about to get overstuffed with pitchers. Next year, Roger Clemens will go on the ballot. He will obviously have his own issues, but he is unquestionably one of the best pitchers ever. And Curt Schilling will also go on the ballot, which I think is a bigger problem because Schilling's case is a lot like Morris', only it seems to me a significantly better Hall of Fame case.
“Babylon 5″
You can see the book blurb here. Once you've read it, hopefully you'll agree that An Accident Of Birth is appropriate, and maybe even why I used Bolter Baron as a working title.
And shinning stars
"My dog Sparky is thirsty for a Heineken"
We were sitting next to the cake display cabinet and drooled over the offerings through lunch, so dessert was definitely on the menu. Hard to decide though, I was drawn to the spiced pear tart and the chocolate savaron just because I never tried either. We decided on the pistachio savaron and a chocolate mint macron! A note here is that a macron and macaroon are not the same thing! The savaron was beautifu,l filled with pistachio cream and a very soft chocolate coating somewhat like a mousse. The macron was good as was the coffee nice and nutty using Giancarlo beans.
(photos and link to come)
Then, cut off the legs at the desired length - figuring on about a 1/4' seam allowance.
Our second academic visit of the day was to Szent Laszlo Hospital, a public hospital that handles mostly infectious disease. It was a little boring and dull until the end when he should us some videos and presentation of their medical record(?). The speaker had an accent and showed us around the pediatric unit, which was a little sad to see young children in isolation. This visit reassured me that med school is definitely not for me because I don’t want to treat patients, I want to prevent diseases.
Lets start with 1. Lack of clarity. People spend a lot of time spinning their wheels at work, looking busy, but never accomplishing much. This can happen when you aren’t clear about whats expected of you, what a successful outcome looks like, or how things will be measured along the way (if at all). I once had a job where the owner was very specific in what he wanted – unfortunately the clarity was only in his head. The rest of the staff was confused, saw him constantly changing his mind, contradicting things he previously said, and tremendous mood swings. The staff goal at this organization was to stay of his radar, look busy, and do not make any waves. Not a great way to grow.
Last month, gay porn star Marland Anderson, who is known as Sledge Hammer, died five days after a violent altercation with police which resulted in him being shot with a Taser.
Big cheers to those who know that's what it means and takes. And to the messy spread of it to other places, to other "issues" (read: capital, state, and - for old time's sake - church; jail, immigration, unpaid labor, policing, foreclosure, access to medicine) that have nothing to do with "Wall Street greed," as none of this has much to do with that in the first place.
Tricia sent this incredibly beautiful quilt for Eliza. I really love the fabric and colors and it will be so sweet to see little Eliza wrapped up in this darling quilt.
I made some tags that I then used to make cards with. Here are first the tags and then I show you what the finished card looks like. Everything on the tags and cards is from Danish Tilda.
“An absolute majority of African youth are living in absolute poverty, starvation and hopelessness,” Malema wrote in a June 14 youth league newsletter. “All of us agree that the status quo is not an option. The ANC youth league has a political and economic program to address these challenges. What are the analysts, big business, communists, and neo-liberal sycophants saying should be the alternative?”
For our inaugural BBQ we grilled burgers. Not to be forgotten, sweet red onions drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with kosher salt.
One of the most helpful things for me was looking at tons of comic books and graphic novels and studying the ways that comic book artists draw their characters. It took pages and pages of sketches for me to learn how to be consistent with my characters’ proportions and likenesses.
10/23/2008 - Minneapolis, MN - First Avenue
Charles was always soft in his tone, respecting the fact that YALE is a typical liberal institution of higher learning.
Fooled? I bet you thought it was La Paz.
I awoke the other night from a horrific homecoming nightmare that just didn't even make sense- Maybe I'll talk about it tomorrow!
I started to crop this photo trying to find the best composition,
I would propose instead that all students be allowed only TWO levels of achievement: P (pass) or F (fail) and that in order to pass, they must score at least 90% on all tests in a certain subject. That’s right; the grade you end up with will be the LOWEST score you make on a test in a six week period. So if you score an 89 on one test, you still fail for that whole period. At the end of a school year, if you fail in a single six week period, you fail the entire course.
Pearl and bling from my stash.
THEY NOW HAVE DETAILED MAPS AND FILMS OF ALL THE BASES
What is that which the
This particular sister was throwin’ the pussy at me, and I either didn’t take notice to her, or completely, purposely, refused to entertain her advances, because one, I’m a Muslim, who’s actually tryin’ to do shit right, for a change. Then, two, she’s probably less than a 7, on a scale of 0-10, which means that she’s no way in my type-range, of women I’m sexually-attracted to, anyway. Now, with that being said, it’s obvious that the Devil convinced her, via his seductive whispering, to cause chaos & corruption, by slandering the known good-name of a fellow Muslim. And, to add insult-to-injury, it wasn’t just me, who’s character that she had attacked. This broad has also tarnished the good-name of a Muslims sister, as well.
Then my water broke. I felt it happen and kind of just stood there for a minute. Furrowed brow. Staring into space. 'Space' being the water running down my legs. Hm. I called K. He told me to call the doctor. I called my mom, instead. Then my sister. Then my doctor. The doctor told me to come in, of course. And when I did, they told me they were admitting me to the hospital. My water was definitely broken and they needed to monitor me and baby. For a couple of weeks.
I love the fact that every time you are reading a submission you could be about to find the ONE –– it’s a bit like speed dating and very exciting.
Following that instant, I’ve been completely at ease. The glass shards are still scattered everywhere, I’m just not worried about it at all.
Thank you for your kind comments and well wishes for Spotty on my last post.
She and the escorts had now escaped the protester, as they were now on the clinic’s private property. “You don’t have to pay attention to anything she says, she’s just trying to mess with your mind,” said the younger escort. Tori put the pamphlet in her coat pocket to open the heavy glass door to the health centre.
The songwriting is solid, channeling the best of mid-20th-century blues rock, with a touch of Motown at times, such as the classic rising tension of the progression employed in the chorus of “I Found You.” In a way, Alabama Shakes are a sort of tesseract between Detroit and Atlanta, north meets south, Smokey Robinson meets CCR. Few bands can achieve equivalent success off this kind of genre-hopping innovation, but it works for these guys. It’s a shame that the album wasn’t better-produced.
My adorable old grandpa is the person who gets the mail DAILY, and he said the mail usually comes about 11. So naturally, 11:01 I'm texting my mother: ANYTHING?!?!?
Mardi Gras is a French term, translated Fat Tuesday and was called this because it was the last day to "pig out" before Lent.
“The Star is not in a position to take the moral ground on the language they use.
(I’ll bleep them out but from this point on we have a PG-13 rating…)
With a sense of loss
Add buttermilk/egg and melted butter to the flour mixture, and stir in gently. When almost combined, add blueberries and continue to stir until everything is just combined.
that reflect my battle scars
My kids and I share stories about hope, grief and equity. Because we share, we know each other. For as long as I live, I will never stop fighting for my students. I will never stop while they don’t have voice, while they are in pain. I’ve taught at six different schools and today many of the kids I have taught remain part of my life.
“Cut” measures craftsmanship, taking into account symmetry, cut and polish. The better the cut, the better the refraction of light and the more brilliant the end result. There is no grading system for this very important C so most shoppers pay little heed to it. Instead, they obsess about clarity and color where without a grading system; they would not be able to tell the difference.
blasting through clouds
and living in your last straw: one man
So, I’m going to try to limit territories to galaxy rights in future. I think physics will back me up on that.
The Newmarket Farmers' Market is offering fresh and local foods for your holiday meals from 9 to 1 on Saturday December 18th inside The Stone Church. Warmth and music will surround market goers while choosing garlic, potatoes, winter squash, Swiss chard, Gilfeather turnips, daikon, dried beans or perhaps a holiday ham.
Two: That SIOE and its supporters, by their mere presence in Brussels, will contravene Belgian and European Union law regarding incitement to racial hatred, as laid down by the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia.
But I never made a single bead after that class largely because of one conversation that I overheard:
Savidge Reads is already a huge fan of your work but for those readers out there who may not have read one of your books how would your describe them and where would you say they should start?
--When I go to meet up with friends, I tell them exactly what time I expect to show based off of bus schedules and walking distance. If I show up even just five minutes later than that time, I get upset with myself, and I get more upset when none of my friends are worried that I showed late.
The other day i found a shitload of old blues records at a random ass junk shop. The guy told me they were rescued from an abandoned building on the south side of Chicago. They looked like they survived a flood- caked in dirt, and who knows what else, so they are all kinda noisy. (I washed the ones i bought in the kitchen sink.) Lots of amazing things that you don't see often- All original label stuff. Jimmy Reed, Howlin Wolf, Muddy Waters, etc... The good shit. Pretty beat up records though- thrown carelessly into milk crates without any sleeves, but considering that they cost me three for a buck, i couldn't complain. I bought all the ones that weren't cracked and/or really badly damaged (and my standards are pretty low.) I spent about nine dollars and walked away with some serious scratchy old gems.
“The Macedonian government is taking all the necessary steps to make sure that the incidents that have occurred in our country do not have a knock on effect for our societies in general,” Musa Xhaferri said.
But will anyone actually use it?
So I called Apple and was on the phone with them for--no lie--nearly TWO HOURS. They had no idea what to do with me. So they "force" restored my computer taking it down to its factory settings and wiping it of all of my contacts, apps, photos, etc. But I wasn't too worried about it b/c my stuff was in a magical cloud somewhere, and I would be able to just pluck it out of the ether and restore it to my phone and go on living. Except that didn't happen. At all. And despite that my iTunes was TELLING me that my phone had backed up to iCloud, we couldn't get that backup to reappear. Fuckfuckfuckity fuck.
There is a lot more to this story but I am exhausted from the extreme lows and highs today. I won't be able to share specific details about what we find out but I will update what I can in general terms. Wish us all luck and pray if that's your thing.
SS: Was that first job how you got your agent?
i'm pretty sure it is still there.
“So Chin’s warning is uncalled for and one that is creating further tension among the party members.”
The idea of community, or the lack of it, has become a modern-day obsession. Something that was taken for granted for so long, and frequently resisted, many people now seem desperate to get back.
Youth, south, southern, cleanse and clean.
Management Commentary
Rehab - Taupe shimmer
I have been physically active as long as I can remember. My parents enrolled my brother and me in every team sport our community had. While my lack of hand-eye coordination made basketball and baseball challenging, I loved to swim and play soccer. When I discovered running in high school, I found my true love.
The set up of the buffet can make or break an experience. Always try to have it set double-sided if the room size will permit this. No one likes to wait in line for 20 minutes to fill their plate when it is single sided. Also try to have the utensils rolled up in the napkins so that there is less clutter on the table. This works especially well when the attendees will come on a flow basis as opposed to all at one time. Again, if the location size will allow for the meal to be spread out set up the plates and utensils at one table, the salads at another, the entrees and side dishes on the main line and then have a separate station for coffee and desserts. This makes the experience feel more interactive for the guests. It will also alleviate long lines at any one station.
Sunday mornings are such a busy time in our household! My husband tries to get up before anyone else and go over his sermon in solitude. Just as I have a strict routine during the week with my daughter...Ken is in his own zone for most of the morning. Being a pastor, he has to be in tune with God at all times, but Sunday mornings he prays even more and listens even closer. So, it is left up to me to try (and sometimes I fail, but that's okay!) to keep things running smoothly and allow him to do "his thing."
Curatorial Records: Numbered Correspondence 06762
I'm sure I'm forgetting a few things, but my brain just can't recall them.
The agent was at a loss for words.
Ok, so becoming a vegan wasn’t the only good thing that happened in 2009. I also reached my goal of losing 100 lbs. That was really slow-going since my herniated disk limited my ability to exercise. But I did it and I am very proud of myself. Season after season, I watched The Biggest Loser and watched people start out at my original weight or more and then quickly leave me in the dust as their weight dropped off and mine barely dribbled. I know I wasn’t in the gym being pushed by Jillian and Bob 6 hours each day on some beautiful ranch but still…
How to train a cat.
Seth stared, open-mouthed and teary-eyed as the only two people he’d seen in days turned their backs and walked away. He stayed there for a long time, trying to work through the man’s words. Finally, when thirst and the need to piss overcame his frustration and fear, he stepped down out of the truck. But before he did anything else, he stowed the shotgun behind the seat along with the cigarettes and liquor. He retrieved his bow case and removed the weapon from the foam interior. Eight aluminum arrows, with their red and white rubber fletching and wide, tri-blade broad heads were snapped into the bow’s quiver. Casting nervous glances around the desolate highway, he knocked a shaft to the string and slid the bow release over his wrist. He set the bow in the passenger’s seat and went about his business, the fear in that man’s eyes still burned into his mind
Where are you with peppers in your kitchen? As always, I suggest creativity. Make a nice pepper and chicken sauté. Fry up some peppers and onions and enjoy them as a side to your steak. Dice them and mix them into your chicken salad. Have fun, and let me know what you come up with. I’m looking to expand my pepper horizons.
We actually celebrated Sinterklaas on the 6th this year- and broke the rule. On the morning of 6th Dec Sinterklaas retreats back to Spain and all signs are erased only to be replaced by everything Christmas related including de kerstman (Santa Claus).
I just feel sad.
contact me with their mailing information. As always
Event Date Location
- Rocky Dijon: congas sur "Sympathy for the Devil", "Stray Cat Blues" et "Factory Girl"
Wonderful Betty MacDonald News!
I feel like I’m continuously getting ahead of myself while always seeming to trail behind when I write about this campaign. There was so much going on, so many plots and fun little moments, that it all feels like it should come tumbling out at once. Obviously, this isn’t possible. However, there are a few things I can do that will help you make sense of the larger picture of the campaign, and perhaps better understand what particular branch of the story I’m plucking at in the future. One such aid is to inform you of the many characters involved in this campaign and the basic idea that most players had of them at their initial introduction. I will do my best to keep the suspense of finding out who our other player characters may be intact, so that you may come to know them through the stories that I will eventually get to telling about them.
The Life Path 6 suggests that you entered this plane with tools to become the ultimate nurturer, and a beacon for truth, justice, righteousness, and domesticity. Your paternal, or maternal, as the case may be, instincts with a 6 Life Path exceed all others by a considerable margin. Whether in the home or in the work place, you’re the predominant caretaker and family head. While the 6 may assume significant responsibilities in the community, their life revolves around the immediate home and family, for this is the most domestic of numbers. Conservative principles and convictions are deeply ingrained and define your character.
During the ceremony, the outgoing wife receives a bouquet of red roses and is thanked for all she has done to support her husband and the troop. The incoming wife receives yellow roses, and is welcomed. And because Jennifer was there, she received a single yellow rose as well.
The Priest, facing the altar, says quietly:
Like the professors, he spoke of the threatened loss of a wetland area, home to many species of birds, and of the possible closure of a chance for archaeologists to explore some parts of it.
2008 Black Apalachi (Fell 2nd); 2009 Black Apalachi (UR 22 nd); 2010 Black Apalachi (2nd)
Weekly program
Glandular Fever.
The results of such a test can be mapped out like eye-tracking. However, it differs from eye-tracking in that, instead of simply measuring where the eyeball is pointing, it measures the path of the mind through an ad. By asking respondents to report what they think they saw after these very short exposures to an ad, researchers can measure communication and memory formation very close to the moment of perception.
Admission/Timer Runner
Dr Ailsa Cox, Reader in Creative Writing and English at Edge Hill University and co-ordinator of the Prize, said: "It's quite unusual to have women only on the shortlist but it reflects that the prize is open to anyone, regardless of gender, whether new to the business or well-established in the literary world.
Disinfection is the removal or inactivation of pathogenic organisms in water. In simpler terms it is the stopping of disease causing organisms in water through removal/killing/blocking the bacteria’s ability to reproduce.
But silence is like a cork in a dam... the pressure builds to bursting. In desperate times I have burst all over, an endless stream, a river of words washing around an idea, tumbling it about, trying desperately to make it understood.
Whut? I didn't know he was starting to learn his colors. I guess we need to become better friends with this book.
But this weekend, even alcohol didn't seem to have its usual assuasive effect on me.
Did he receive special treatment when he opened his bagel shop? I believe he did from at least one company who has an exclusive franchise with the city.
I take more pleasure from watch a raging storm than any public gathering or event. And thoughts of my wonderful friends satisfy me more than any material possession could.
Not surprisingly, Baring's greatest literary champions in England were Belloc and Chesterton. Belloc considered Cat's Cradle, published in 1925, "a great masterpiece… the best story of a woman's life that I know." He also greatly admired Robert Peckham. "The style," Belloc wrote, "which is characteristically yours, is even better in Robert Peckham than in any of the other books… Where you triumph unusually is in the exact valuation of characters which do not differ in black and white, but in every shade. You do it better in this book, I think, than in any other, even than in Cat's Cradle… It seems to me to have a more permanent quality than any other… All those who count will unite in its praise, except those who do not feel a subtle thing at the first shock."
Every Monday to Fridays, Millesime will host a Gourmet Hour, their version of happy hour from 5.30pm to 7.30pm. No peanuts and crackers in sight, instead complimentary gourmet sandwiches and fine finger food are served with every order of drinks. The selection of gourmet bites will differ depending on availability of ingredients.
This evening, adult travelers dine at the hotel’s Fig Tree Restaurant located in the Golf and Country Club, while the Adventure Guides treat the kids to a night of food and fun and a classic Disney movie.
This radio is very cool for the price. Similar ones by name brands were $500 and up (and they're all made in China). Having a 7" touchscreen for GPS is nice and integrated phone is much better than the plug in hands free I had. Two less wires hanging from the windshield to deal with. It has a ton of functions and interfaces and runs Windows CE 6. Now I need to add XM and a back-up cam so I can see my trailer hitch when hooking up. I'm also going to fabricate a new power point terminal with room for a USB port.
Awards ceremonies
Friend 2 and I: You won’t like it the first time.
I've used a Car and Clock from my Tim Holtz stamp set and masked the car over the clock.
Examples behind my reasoning:
Also our icing on the cupcake sponsor this month is Polka Doodles and they have given us the fab prize of a CD collection. To be in with a chance of winning, all you need to do is join in with one of our challenges.
Next, I got the city/county tax appraisal thing for my house, which went up the annual maximum despite the fact that the actual amount I'd be able to sell my house for is in the toilet thanks to the economy. Oh yeah, and I also need to immediately pay a $600 from my escrow account because they misunderestimated my taxes last year. Yes I know that's grammatically incorrect. Shut up. CRANKY!!
RR = Register Rewards (Walgreens Rewards program, Manufacturer coupon good on your next order)
In it, contributors find extremely complicated and rare anomalies in airline reservation systems, such as quirky fares that do include the fuel surcharge. You can realize huge savings since the current fuel surcharge on flights between US and Europe is over $450.
The scallop border is from the Holiday Cakes cartridge. I printed off the striped pink paper, then added a ribbon, some 3D paint dots for details and it's all done!
JC was probably a bit surprised that I was able to guess his password again and he was glad that his laptop was fixed, but I think that JC did not talk much and he probably looked a bit depressed or something was not right about how he was acting; but I woke up.
than it is to try and eat the whole block at once.
Last week was a productive week for me in the Ebay world. My goal for the last month or two was to get my store up to 100 listings. I hovered around 70 for the longest time. With sales and listings falling off, I just couldn't get to that magical number. So, one day I decided to start doing 10 a day until I reached 100. Now that I'm there, my goal is just 5 a day Monday through Friday.
Normal service at Writing from the Tub will resume next Monday (the 16th). I took the last two weeks off as me and my boyfriend have been redecorating and it's been ridiculously time consuming! I've thought of nothing but paint swatches and floorplans for what feels like forever but now we are DONE!
The strength of this installment of the game and pretty much the previous games of Mass Effect has always been the story and the universe’s characters. The gravity of the war and its inevitable losses are felt as you play the game. Characters die and their deaths are a sacrifice that need to be made in the hopes all living beings will have a chance at survival. At times you witness your Shepard make a stunning victory against the Reapers and in others you witness your hero/heroine watch as a race’s home world get utterly destroyed right before your Shepard’s eyes and he/she is powerless to stop it. It’s moments like these where playing for the story is truly worth it.
4 government
Disclaimer: I was given Maestro Classics, The Story of Swan Lake CD to review for free, in exchange for my honest opinion.
Just a quick catch-up on what's going on at the ol' Nanobrewery.
Thanks for joining us this week
As is now widely known, it takes a cranked-up Boss HM2 distortion pedal to have the classic Swedish chainsaw guitar sound. That's it! It is not "our sound" after all, and it was perfectly achieved more than 20 years ago. I agree with you on the fact that probably the most fascinating features of that old demos and LPs are the low-fi recording, together with the naturalness of the overall playing.
Shock.
I spent last weekend with my good friends Amy and Lindsay. Amy lives in a part of Georgia that is chock full of antique stores. Yes, I said chock full of. I mean, seriously, they were everywhere. We only had one day with Amy, and had a lot on our agenda for that day, so we only went into one antique store...her favorite. It was pretty great. We tried on silly hats, laughed at creepy dolls, and scored some really great items. By far, my best find of the day was this...
If you'd like, you can lighten it up by reducing the sugar to two cups and swapping 1/2 cup applesauce for the oil. You won't miss it!
One intriguing mini-drama during the Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC) board meeting on September 17 concerned the agency's response to a New York City Independent Budget Office (IBO) report concluding that the Atlantic Yards arena would be a loss for the city.
In other words, she doesn't say "I'm not going to lose my heart as easily as I did last time!" and ten minutes later, professes her love to some random stranger on the street. She shows admirable restraint and self-control, two traits I admire greatly.
Even after seeing the clip for These Are The Days of Our Lives.
DA Revivals attempts to help mainstream authors to re-publish works which have gone out of print.
Sure, I’ll eat cake, but if there was a plate of cheese or a plate of cake, cheese wins. Every time. No question.
You still have to use your imagination here. Think of a one-story dollhouse with an open, white interior and a cathedral ceiling and lots of light pouring through the windows, and then click on the keyhole to peek inside to see some of the details...
I don’t know about you, but I’ve met a few people who are not with me, but they’re still shining for me. They’re there, even though I cannot see them.
Simple Asian Eggplant – serves 4-6 (depending on other side dish sizes)
For those people who don’t want to hassle with choices and watching their funds, this may be a good choice. For those who are more financially savvy, the target-dated funds may not appeal to them; they may prefer to have control over their investments.
After class, I headed out for my run — Week 3, Day 3.
It's been awhile since I've done a reading. In fact, it's been nearly five years since I read my essay from Single State of the Union. So, in the spirit of practicing and loosening my jangling nerves, here's an excerpt from the book:
While your noodles are boiling get a wok/larger sauté pan and heat the olive oil – add the garlic. Once it is fragrant add your smorgasbord of vegetables and the red pepper flakes. Cook for 2-3 minutes until your veggies are crisp-tender. Nobody likes overcooked veggies (:
Or perhaps this is the calm before the holiday season hustle and bustle.
I need 50 registered voters to sign a petition by May 15, 2012. I’m aiming for 100, just to be on the safe side. There’s not a lot but enough reading material to go through and comprehend. I received from the County Clerk‘s office the petitions, an upcoming primary and general election specific reference, and a small read titled, “Preparing, Circulating And Filing Petitions for Public Office“, printed for $.11 each by the Michigan Department of State, Bureau of Elections. It says January 2004 so I’m assuming nothing has changed. It has jam-packed excitement jumping off of each of the 12 pages.
Blessings in the meantime!
For that matter, Shinzon himself is dumb. He was cloned from Picard. Okay, I can accept that, although it is getting incredibly implausible how special Picard supposedly is. The Romulans are disappointed with him, so they dump into slave labor as a five year old child. He winds up among a race of beings called Remans, which we have never heard of. They are also slave laborers. In spite of all this, they manage to build state of the art ship right under the Romulans’ noses and muster enough power to take over the empire. I cannot buy it. They do not have the resources or secrecy to do such a thing. I sense the Sparta us homage, but it does not work when you are talking about an interstellar empire.
yes (+6)
I forgive myself for not accepting and allowing myself to realize that the experience I have within and as me in relation to sex and relationship is related to the value scale that has been determined for me by society and the system, the same value scale that allow war and starvation and economic slavery and animal abuse in the name of profit, and thus I forgive myself that I haven’t ever accepted and allowed myself to question this value system and realize for myself that it is in fact Not Valid as it does not support life at all, and thus realize that then the experience I am having as myself to and towards sex and relationship is also not valid as it is an experience generated in conjunction with and dependant on the functionality of the greater system of abuse.
Take out and add your toppings accordingly!
I have been trying to alter my schedule a little bit to help allow me to be in bed with CC for longer after he gets home. Since it's summertime and I'm not working (and I am a night owl anyway) I'm staying up until 2 or 3 each night so that I sleep longer and stay quiet while he's sleeping! I'm sure many of you have dealt with this, but our "together" time has been somewhat odd. Granted, this isn't such a good thing since we are going through the beginning stages of fertility treatments and trying to start a family, but I guess we find time???????!!!! It's just making me think things will definitely have to be a little more unconventional! (Sorry, I know it's a little too much for you to know, but hey, it's the life of a LEO wife, right?)
Not rated; I'd approximate it as PG-13 (it's got rare instances of language and some mildly bloody ER scenes). An excellent film; I'd highly recommend it to anyone. The storyline as well as the acting is superb, and the musical score is wonderful. An inspiring and uplifting story. Starring Alan Rickman and Mos Def.
SECOND POST BY PILGRIM:
The political opposition is increasingly divided between those who are willing to engage with the majority party in government and a coalition of parties referred to as “COD”, which refuse to deal. COD has become increasingly active in recent months, beginning with a boycott of further dialogue, which is routinely resurrected by the ruling regime as a panacea for all political ills. In March 2012, after a tour of the country’s major towns, COD called for a march in Nouakchott, billing it as a “defining” moment. They were not disappointed. Tens of thousands took to the streets to join the march, surpassing all expectations and marking a milestone for the opposition, which is now demanding the departure of Aziz. The regime experienced a further blow when a pro-government rally the following week in the second largest city, Nouadhibou, failed to generate the same level of attendance despite supporters being ferried in from outside the area. At the start of April nine member parties of COD each called for simultaneous marches in nine separate districts, and again tens of thousands turned out. The opposition is now on a path of confrontation with the ruling party and Aziz in particular, determined to see his ouster. This in turn is boosting and revitalising civil groups. We could say that protests in Mauritania have gone viral!
Notes: I didn’t try these myself while I was at D-Land although I was aware of their existence. If you’re looking to keep horrendous Disneyland expenses down, this is the place you wanna eat.
You are certainly not alone if you are one of the billions of women who want healthier,shiner hair! After all, glossy or shiny hair can make you look and feel a lot more confident about yourself! While everyone wants healthy and shiny hair, there are many things which can make your hair look dull. Lack of vitamins, chemical color damage and damage from your blow drier or straightened are a few of the most common dull-hair culprits. If shiner hair is what you crave, there are a few easy beauty tips to help you learn how to turn lifeless hair into glossy, long locks!
S4-324 Ribbon Banners
I have always been a fan of Beth Kerry, AJ Llewellyn and Tymber Dalton. Although I’m finding more and more talented authors in the growing family of Siren Publishing.
What if we used it in case of emergency?
Can you have too much of a good thing? I loved the explosion of colors and patterns in these pictures, but have to admit that there may be a little bit too many things going on in the pictures! But they still make for some fun pictures!
I've been here in this house 11 years next month (12 1/2 on Skye) & I've never seen a rainbow falling down the front of the mountain. If you took a photo you wouldn't believe it yourself. If I hadn't gone out I wouldn't have seen it.
Regent glanced at Grue, then looked to Shadow Stalker, “Depends on her. Could be fifteen minutes, could be three hours.”
As this site is pretty new I have been messing around and creating different styles of logos etc let me know what you guys think!
Life wouldn’t be over, by any means, if I were in a wheelchair. But the fact is that I don’t need one. Not yet, anyway. And there can be no doubt that I strive to find as many ways as possible to celebrate this life, my life, right where I am, the way I am–however able or disabled or differently-abled I may be on any given day. That’s what I choose: what I think, what I believe. That’s what I can control.
Healing has been rampant on base. Two nights ago, one of the new DTS students named Beth was suffering from an aching kidney. Me and two other DTS girls were with her and i told her to command her kidney to feel better. "Kidney, i command you to get better in Jesus name. You can't bring me pain anymore!"
Completely gripping, brilliantly woven, and full of shocking twists, Insurgent is a whirlwind continuation of an already stunning series. With an intelligent and insightful central character who’s development continues to pull readers in, and a soft but tested romance still building, this one has an internal driving force that rivals the external one. Picking up immediately after the close of Divergent, and never relenting in the pacing, this book is impossible to put down and will leave readers craving more from the world and characters.
Stir the whole thing through till you have a thick gloop.
Some clothe themselves with the dress of Christianity.
Let's hope this Monday goes by quickly!
More singles live in New York, and more life with fellow adults, thus leading to the now-typical post-college mutliple-roommate situation, where clusters of unrelated people, each with their own income, compete with nuclear families for larger apartments.
3-Let eggplant cool off slightly and peel off the skin and mash it well.
This president is borrowing over $250 million we don't have to give it to terrorists so that they can devote more of their own money to fighting the War Against the Jews.
We not only visit schools in person and through Skype presentations, but we provide technology to school libraries and classrooms, and we publish the creative writing of middle school students. More info (and a chance to donate to this registered non-profit foundation) can be found at: www.BigBrainClub.com.
Surrounded the tube is several wooden pieces served as wedges where the strings are
“What?” he replied.
Drop by Tablespoonfuls into hot (350) oil to deep
As the Huckleberry Finn reference above suggests, it’s also a novel chock-a-block with literary allusions that run the gamut from ALICE IN WONDERLAND to HEART OF DARKNESS. But Kestin isn’t a cultural snob; in Russell’s world, Dodgers’ pitcher Sandy Koufax is as relevant, and important, as Joseph Conrad or Mark Twain.
At the end of the 70′s and in the early 80′s industry grew in Brazil. No longer could you get someone to work for so little, as factories began to employ many of the Northern “brown” migrants. This drove up the rate for maids and other household servants.
Hi, all!
Now, lest you think Buddy's babies are being mistreated, I have to add that they seem as delighted by all this fun as he is. And he knows the routine. He either barks or grrrs softly at the door when he feels it's time to come in and warm up, or take a snooze, tired out from all that strenuous activity. Sometimes, he just stands by the door, expecting me to read his mind, and I've gotten pretty good at that. We've had a lot of practice.
Chop the carrots, onions and celery – they can be quite chunky and fry in a little oil if you wish (or soften in water for fat free). Add in the bag of frozen vegetables, tomatoes and mix until they soften slightly. Add in the stock cubes, herbs and throw in the kettle of boiling water. Bring to boil and simmer for 20 mins. Liquidise with a stick blender Eat and enjoy!
I have found the scent my heart loveth. The company is based in Brooklyn, NY and smells like the beach in a bottle. Brilliant.
If any other support or query is there, then one can contact by email.So, one can try this program since it costs less and the results are being shown after many people have tired the program. You can purchase it by visiting the site online and process the payment. The delivery of the product takes few days time. Make sure to read all the instructions mentioned in the program carefully. Do not try anything with following the tips or instructions given in the program.
28. Elbow - Teardrop (4:05)
The music industry no longer focuses upon talent, but upon debauchery. The likes of Beyonce and Avril Lavigne who began their careers singing about virtue and even opposing the sexualisation of music, have now joined the flesh-fest which encourages girls to be unpaid whores. To succeed as a 'celebrity' one must be willing to sleep one's way to the top. This instruction is repeated in every aspect of the celebrity-worshipping culture, and so honour and faithfulness have suffered.
Long Wait
Belt: came off another dress
But he was the first to speak,his face in throes of something which no words could explain ” Bhartii,i have to tell you something and do know that there’s no good way to say this.The lock i put up on the chain there was not for you.And this is the last time we will ever see each other.I can not explain and i know you won’t care.I’m sorry.”
No, there isn’t anything I’d change, I don’t think I would have as much understanding of how life is without the mistakes and challenges I’ve faced. Even if I might have missed an opportunity because of not doing anything seemingly productive, there is and will always be millions more to come.
Digging into the reader
It's Good Friday today, the start of our Easter Weekend. Wishing everyone a very happy and blessed Easter.
Restaurant- Mojitos
you could almost hear the thunder clouds rumble in the distance.
Hope your day is good. Thanks for being here with me.
Flights: Smooth, turbulence-free flights, going and coming. Sure hope I get this one right!!
No one else can paint it.
I suggest this morning that the Holy Spirit is like a mentor. He is more than a mentor. He is God, part of the Godhead. But His role is to come along side us and to teach us all things and help us to remember what Jesus said. Much like mentors do for us today.
No job is too big or too small if you have been called by God to accomplish it. I am not above sweeping & mopping up a dirty floor, unclogging a toilet, cooking food for a crowd and then doing all the dishes, etc. Romans 12:3 says “…do not think of yourself more highly than you ought”. Any job is worth doing when you are serving the Lord. Autograph your work with excellence.
“Every doctor that prescribes a narcotic had a DEA number that’s unique to them and if that is cross referenced and the correct doctor is contacted then I don’t imagine that this type of thing would happen,” Benton said. “We suspect the wrong doctor was contacted because they didn’t cross reference the DEA number.”
So on November 16, I went to Pisay and looked for that person who called. All I knew is that it was a woman. I worked my way up to the faculty and I ran into Sir Vlad. He said that we should try the HR office and so he helped me there. On the way he said, “hinahanap ka nung mga bata, ah. Tinatanong kami kung nasaan ka.” (“The kids are looking for you. The’re asking where you are!”)
Wow! See what happens when I take a day off? Ready for Monday’s First Loves Blogfest? Have you seen The Avengers – again? Seeing Dark Shadows? Prepared now for the “just a stupid kid” reviews? Reading M. Pax’s book? Is there anything I missed????
Only $4,800. (Ugh)
For Lyla's "big gift" we bought the conversion piece to turn her crib into a toddler bed & we gave her a tot clock. I think she as more excited about the clock than bed. This is, by far, the best gift that we got for Lyla. I'm mentioning it because I know several of you have children around Lyla's age. It's an alarm clock that turns green when it's ok to get up. You can also set a duration of time for a nap. We've only used it a couple days, but she already "gets it." She woke up about 10 minutes early from her nap on the first day. Eric went in and told her her clock wasn't green yet. We didn't hear a peep from her until exactly 10 minutes later when it turned green. We LOVE it!
Jeff Goodby, co-chairman at the agency, unveiled the scholarship during a One Show panel focused on the lack of diversity in the advertising industry, subtly titled “Where are all the black people?”
Rubin calls this “being Gretchen” so simple but such good advice …be yourself, do what you enjoy and don’t feel bad about it , it is your life not a dress rehearsal.
-Believing that I am capable of doing great things.
The past. I prefer the known over the unknown.
Would Forest City Ratner further shrink the project in response to market forces? How many tenants/owners do they need to earn their desired profit? We don't know.
The fact is there are flavours that go together and there a flavours that don't.If a flavour combination works then the likelihood is that at some point, some Chef somewhere has happened to notice this before. Any Chef genuinely discovering a brand new flavour combination truly has hit Chef Recipe Jackpot.
If you can think – of what we could achieve;
Russell quickly steps backwards to get away from the rowdy vibrations radiating from the shouting and shrieking of an animated group of men and women watching the visual re-enactment of a vigorous brawl occurring in the center of a long narrow saloon in New York City around the year 1964. He ducks as an amber colored bottle flies toward his head; he thinks the story teller is getting way too involved with the fabrication of this particular memory. He decides he has seen enough and walks out of the interaction range of the crowd; his friend, Sanderson, follows him and says, “Hell of a fight.”
A meeting this afternoon, for the volunteer Handi Van drivers.
Tears for Fears Everybody wants to rule the world UK
What was it that Zenster termed this characterological aspect of Islam, this tendency to murderous tantrums? The wording may not be exact here, but he diagnosed their reactivity as the result of inhabiting the thinnest of emotional skins whilst being forced to live in a sandpaper world. An apt summation of the insoluble problem; at least insoluble for the West. For jihadists, this thin-skinned, always-about-to-go-off trait probably serves well. It keeps them ready to lash out instantly in what Michael Coren has called a kind of lust for death. The deaths of infidels is the intention, but far more Muslims die for the faith of their fellow Muslims — collateral damage and a callous disregard for human life. They merely follow in the footsteps of their Prophet.
The bento box on the left contains stir-fried string beans, mini paprika filled with goat cheese, radish kimchi, cherry tomatoes, ham flower and two pieces of Babybel cheese.
This book is my favorite among the series. This book is full of love. And as far as I can remember I read this in the middle of the night and I can’t stop smiling hahaha. AND! I got super hyped when I woke up the day after.
of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself or
* Do you issue an agent-author agreement? May I review the language of the agency clause that appears in contracts you negotiate for your clients?
I hope people find this useful…
Geej--Yay! I'm gonna have a TV fuhganza!
Her face, once lovely, is now thin and gaunt from sickness. The strain of speaking leaves her words with a faulting, whisper-like quality. When I take her pulse in the morning, her wrists feel as if they were frozen from cold. I must always keep her smothered in blankets, or else she will shiver until her teeth chatter.
The degree, type, and consequences of international condemnation experienced by a Netherlands announcing the deportation of its Muslim population would depend very heavily on the extent to which other European countries were involved in similar activities at the same time. For this reason, it is difficult to even begin to make any predictions as to what the details of the broader international response might be. However, we can reasonably predict that in the absence of a Europe-wide breakdown in relations between Muslims and their host societies, the Netherlands would very quickly become an international pariah state. International organizations such as the UN and EU could well expel it; at least some other European/Western countries would condemn it; the OIC and member states would call for military intervention (presumably by the US!). Many third-party countries without any obvious stake in the struggle would also join in the chorus of disapproval. None of these developments would necessarily prove fatal to Dutch de-Islamization efforts; perhaps not even all of them together could do so. However, the external attacks would be a thorn in the side of those defending the Netherlands from Islam.
in the studio, onto tape, as opposed to taking a song in with me."
Voriconazole works, but it also makes me feel like total, utter, poopy-shit. When I used to get it intravenously, I was walking roadkill. Taking it orally was a little better, but not by much.
All my love is with you
This is the first transformation which Amu experiences. Ran brings out Amu's sporty side. It provides her with great atheletic skills to outsmart enemies. In partial changes Ran gives Amu wings on her shoes to help her fly in the air - with an acommpanied 'Hop, Step, Jump'. It's in Amulet Heart mode that Amu can neutralise X-eggs, turning them back into chara eggs so their owner can pursue their dreams. The video sequence for that is very wow! Only recently in the episodes I've been watching has Amu received a staff to help with her attacks. Just as when she first transformed, initally she doesn't have a clue what to do. I suspect she'll learn more tricks with it soon.
Govender said the city recovered income lost as a result of power theft by increasing the electricity tariff for paying customers throughout the Durban area.
The man accused of running the Claxton bay Paedo Ring didn’t make it to court yesterday…..neither did the magistrate. We keeping an eye on this case folks….
I really don't like Citadel Finecast and while its true I have not had a lot of experience of them and have not had some of the terrible miscasts that so many others have had I still don't like them. I find they are far too brittle and where if you dropped either a metal or plastic mini you would likely get away with no damage a Finecast is liable to snap. Even holding one too tightly will likely result in a spear, sword or arm etc in snapping off. There is little chance that I will buy any more and the prices they charge for such an inferior product is shocking.
If you actually believe all of this, you might wish to re-read the accusations above and ask yourself if there is any realistic shred or historical precedent that would suggest that this has any inkling of occurring. The answer is emphatically no. So if that’s not going to happen one has to ask what’s really going on here?
So what now? I took a few weeks off from the madness to get my bearings. Last week I did a couple of the weight workouts to ease me back into things, though the heat has made it difficult to find the energy to do anything at full intensity.
Roll on Thursday when I will finally get my butt into gear and get my exhibiton stock list together, ready for delivery to Rufford Gallery at the beginning of November and I might even get some new work made, keep your fingers crossed I have no more car nightmares!!!
“No. No I couldn’t possibly … I mean it’s very kind … but you shouldn’t feel you have to…”
Net result: in order to legally broadcast music, radio stations ought to obtain two sets of licenses: one from the owners of sound recordings (or PPL, which often collects on their behalf) and the other from the owners of underlying works (or IPRS, which is meant to collect on their behalf).
See u you here soon on my new pace,
February 1, 2005
Back at this thought after several days of other stuff getting in the way and a little more time to think about how I feel about the subject.
I wont deny that at the moment I am my own biggest adversary. 'Darn you Sandra Murphy', I say with shaking fist! I have to be a bit more patient, but hey, that word has a double meaning. Writing can be a sickness sometimes that makes us grumpy as hell and prone to indulge on available and sometimes wonderful, modes of escapism. I guess the real part has to be a bit of dedication and acceptance that time management is essential for progress. A book, in concept alone, can be anything, but it amounts to nothing until you get yourself in gear.
It is a shame that blogging, texts and Facebook updates were not around in 1912; it would have been fascinating to read what the Titanic passengers had to say about their journey. Perhaps I will send a series of letters - or blog-posts - from on board Azura. It will give me something to do as I lie back and slowly steam towards the sun. And, just in case, if the worst comes to the worst, the BBC will be able to make a series of podcasts based on them in 100 years time.
Hence, my boredom. Everything you are turning out could have been invented by me, and vice versa. I'm stunned by your use of good ingredients, for the most part. I try my best as well. But, see, there's nothing new here.
Reading this novel is exhilarating for many reasons. As Beard himself says, 'A point of stagnation has been reached in scholarly and theological studies. A new approach is needed' and this book with its melding of fiction and non-fiction, critical analysis and detective work, consolidation and controversy, is a potent combination that breathes life not only into the 'imaginative representations' of historical events but also into the possibilities of what we think a novel might be able to achieve. And at the just the time when some people out there would love to be able to announce the death of the book. Oh, the irony.
Luckily, I presently realized my fault erstwhile I investigated keyword research. Corking call ideas for status blogs can be the deciding figure between success and loser of your situation. Object blog domains that are solace lendable in the condition you wishing to oppose is something that can be extremely time-consuming on your own. I ended up attractive up an pay for a disentangled trial of one of the different keyword market explore tools useable, Mart Samurai, and plant that this prefabricated a humanity of difference. This is when I initiate out that the domains that I had purchased weren’t as auspicious as I had originally hoped. Withal, I spent the improved
36-45 Obsidian blade (arrow point, knife, or axe head)
Now we have to wait 12 months to drink green beer again... sads.
Courses include information on available federal, state and local assistance programs.
Design by Conor & David
In all my dreams, before my helpless sight,
Marmot too is an advocate. But, like Atkinson's, his passionate call didn't echo with me - not because I'm cynical, but because (looking at the two speakers' biographies) they themselves, at the beginning of their careers (where I am now, more or less - not that I'm going to be an Atkinson or a Marmot) did not work as advocates. Marmot did research. Atkinson trained in global health and health juournalism, founding and editing what eventually became Journal Watch.
Director: Naoyuki Tomomatsu
I am not sure how many calories I got in I just kept eating and the day is not over yet.
For those of you not in the know, this is a rare restaurant designed by superstarchitect Rem Koolhaas (and his collaborator, Clement Blanchet) and will be a much more flexible , tapas style eatery serving lunch and dinner and drinks ,right next to Inaki's other no choice, market menu restaurant, Le Chateaubriand.
SOME say modern day Israel is not really Israel. That it is false that it need not exist because the church is the Israel of God. Israel is cursed and will be destroyed they say. Israel will be destroyed some believe. That it is a terrorist state. And yada yada yada…on and on it goes the hatred for and accusations against Israel.
Level 24: MP Cost: 46, Duration: 204 seconds, Damage: +48%, Critical Rate: +18%, Minimum Critical Damage: +12%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
6/10- Good, would probably recommend
The end of Reconstruction (1865-1877) was the beginning of nearly one hundred years of government-sanctioned racism under the misleading label of “separate but equal.” “Uppity negroes” were kept in place by economic intimidation and violence —beatings, lynchings, cross burnings, and race riots.
1 & 1/3 cups sugar (approximate; see below*)
1/2 tsp nutmeg
And as i looked on this sight of peace, i held my breath in awe. I did not want to blink for once, in fear i might awake. Then slowly ever so sadly, they all began to fade… and in their fading did i hear the call of a tree. A tree whose roots are in the heart, a tree of Palestine.
At this point, the bold sets off as you’d apprehend if you’ve played the original, with Yoshi angled around, jumping into paintings, and accession adeptness stars. Yoshi controls about analogously to Mario, admitting instead of Mario’s three-hit admixture attack, Yoshi can stick out his argot and absorb enemies whole, axis them into eggs that you can bung at added enemies. Eventually, you’ll acquisition Mario, Luigi, and Wario, and you’ll be able to about-face amid them whenever you like. Abreast from Yoshi’s argot attack, the characters ascendancy about identically. Luigi and Yoshi can jump a bit higher; Wario’s bite is able abundant to breach artery that the others can’t dent; and Mario is the abandoned appearance that can triangle-jump off of walls. Also, the game’s annual power-up has a altered aftereffect on anniversary of the four characters, and this arrangement of replaces the about-face blocks from the aboriginal game, which gave Mario admission to altered hats with altered effects. If you aggregate a annual with Mario, he inflates like a airship and you can float about for a abrupt aeon of time; Yoshi assets the adeptness to breathe fire; Wario turns into metal if he grabs the flower, authoritative him invincible, but aswell giving him the occasionally adapted adeptness to airing underwater on the floors of lakes and added bodies of water; and Luigi turns airy for a abrupt period, which aswell gives him the adeptness to airing through some obstacles. Aback some stars crave specific power-ups, you’ll occasionally accept to bandy in accession appearance to get the job done.
One last thing: If you’ve been reading this carefully, you might be able to hazard a guess as to which GW-author I would or would not prefer to write the new book. And while I really don’t want to participate in the relentless bashing of certain authors, some things are indeed just silly.
Of course Z is gonna be for Zombies!!!! I'm obsessed with zombies. But hey I'm not the only one. Even the CDC has a plan in case of zombie infestation!
“Huh?” Taylor grunted, gripping the wheel.
September 29 @ Turf Club (St. Paul, Minnesota)
Expect some posts on editing, rewriting, and the like in the coming months, probably, since that’s what I’m currently doing with my writing, myself. I’d prefer to focus on things that I’m currently working on to keep myself in that mindset when it comes to writing these posts. Hopefully, there’ll be some more posts about my project in particular, inspiration, and eventually some to finish up my posts on character creation. We’ll see, though. As I said – I’m still adjusting.
Rating: 3.5 out of 5 boxes
THE PROFESSION
These would be unique Mother's Day gifts, wedding favors, a thoughtful anniversary gift, a wonderful way to offer your heart to your loved one when you pop the
The main exhibition Hall is extremely well laid out and even though it’s not a massive area, they have managed to put an enormously varying range of vehicles, including bikes, cars and vans from every era.
I was born in 1973. Back then, they were just beginning to have the technology to be able to save the lives of babies with Spina Bifida/hydrocephalus and give them half a chance of a "normal" life. My father had been in Vietnam when I was conceived and a correlation between Agent Orange (which my father had been exposed to during his time in the Navy, as well as asbestos) and Spina Bifida was later discovered. I was well into my twenties by that point and had had a fairly difficult life. The doctors told my mom not to expect anything from me--that my life wouldn't amount to anything productive or useful. My mom, being a stubborn, feisty, independent woman, raised me to be a fighter, but all who know me said that I came out of the womb swinging! There's even a joke in my family that says when my doctor spanked me, I turned around and smacked him back! Haha!
Then as we were winding down, Ed from Toy Vault came by and saw the last few rounds. It dawned on Rob and I that we should play more prototypes in very visible areas more often! As we were wrapping up, Ed asked if we were free to try Hog the Remote with some people. Uh – yeah, sure!! I went into the main convention area and found some people to play with us. I had played a game of Alba Longa with Peter Hawes – a fellow game designer, who previously asked if I could help him playtest one of his games the next morning with a publisher. I agreed – and later, when I was looking for people to play Hog the Remote, I saw that he wasn’t busy, so recruited him to play. I found Chris Handy was free as well and he agreed to help out. Rob found Jenna and we now had 6 people!
It is common practise nowadays for people to speed-read through lengthy articles. The mind usually absorbs words in the first sentence of a paragraph and that’s it! This annoying modern-day trend has created the erroneous worldwide perception that the Afrikaans language (and by implication the Afrikaner-Boer) are to blame for the Soweto uprisings. It’s just another one of the many psyop-tricks that have been utilized over the years to destroy another perfectly healthy and productive Christian minority group, who were a thorn in the flesh for satan and his cronies. But let’s leave spirituality, religion, and dark politics out of this for now, and stick to the facts!
I have rejected nothing you offer’d me—whom you adopted I have
Turkey under the Young Turks (1923-1945) created hard-labor battalions for non-Muslim conscripts in May 1941.
If I do what I know I can do well and bemoan lack of opportunity for really having a chance to show my talents I can convince myself that it is the world missing out on me rather than me not being good enough.
White businesses progressively moved their establishments to the outskirts of the city, but over time these areas were also invaded inch by inch by people the Afrikaner/Boers have correctly identified as “Volksvreemdes” (strangers to the area). The posh shopping centres in upmarket places like Menlyn, for example, which was, not too long ago, still recognized as an exclusive upper-class white area, are today frequented by multitudes of black shoppers, the majority of whom have imitated the same stylish manner of dress as the ‘upmarket’ whites who live permanently in the area. Black taxies have conquered the streets and have occupied every available open spot where they can park. Drug addicts and beggars of all sorts can be found on almost every street corner.
#4, #5, #6: "Create a calming space" leads to "less stress" leads to "more time to relax."
Doc: "Whatever you have to tell me, it'll have to wait. Now go put the moves on your mother."
5 - Kitty Wells - It Wasn't God Who Mad Honky Tonk Angels - 2:34
After giving this thought vibration stuff some serious consideration, it dawned on me that those who believe a Boer Genocide is in fact taking place at this very moment, are in the minority - by far, and that it’s the majority liberal mob who are propagating the ‘optimistic’ viewpoint that the cause of the horrific killings are related to normal crime. It is thus through the liberal mob’s actions that the truth is being suppressed. It is through their current actions that we’ll one day, in the future sometime, see publications in America and Europe’s leading bookstores speaking of "The Hidden South African Genocide” – (that is, if the compassionate and caring people of America and Europe have not completely vanished by then!)
Below is a copy of my poster at the YMCA...
15. Cover with a cloth and let rise for about an hour.
There are times when life gets so dark
Between now and the week of the conference we are hoping to have hundreds of your suggestions pouring in by the sack-load! We’ll then look over the suggestions and choose 10 for each category. These tips will then be presented to you at the online conference.
You’ll find that life is still worthwhile
I am 4 days from surgery and I couldn’t be more positive about the necessity. My outlook is so positive and this is hard for some people to deal with. I am so focused on the outcome that I am definitely not afraid. I spoke of this to my friend Carol today as we were having lunch and she just shook her head and said: “It is only normal to be worried and stressed out when you are contemplating any procedure.” I told her the only “stress” I was feeling was the stress of jumping through all the hoops that go along with surgery.” She only shook her head and laughed. “That sounds like you!” When I have something I want/need to do, I can’t focus on anything else until I have all my ducks in a row. I have always been this way and I don’t suppose I will ever change.
Recover: Performance Protein
After getting all of their wizard training, each guest was officially ready to be a wizard. They left armed with books and wands in tow and belly's full of magical treats, flying home on their very own Firebolt broom.
The one thing he hadn't figured into their 2012 plan was baby.
Half an onion, sliced
He ministered,
Here are a few photos of the display garden that several members of the club worked on.
I have never forgotten how much snow I lived in and through back then. How cold it was. How the world didn't bloom for so many months of the year.
After almost an entire day of airplanes and airports, I arrived in Vietnam, sans visa. Within five minutes I was shipped back to Singapore on the exact same plane. Fortunately, Singapore does not require a visa for Americans, and I planned on flying back there anyways. Still, it took me eight years before I was able to visit Vietnam again…
Preheat your oven to 350 and take out one of the portions of dough.
Milk - 3 cups
My baby, passed out at Mood Fabrics ::
6) Jake Porway of Data Without Borders is in San Francisco tonight for a talk at CodeForAmerica Big Data for Public Good. These are the front end events that we'll look back on and say "that was the moment" when community organizations really started using data as the new platform for change. I can't make it to tonight's CfA event, unfortunately; but you should get there if you can. Yesterday, my family and I had a great chance to hike and talk data, video tagging, the future of news collection, R & D on community data, etc. etc. with Jake.
totally disorganized and I don't even know which drawer is whose...
Cycle is, cycle live
Depressing? Yeah. I actually cried when I played the demo. You walk into a house with a coloring book, kid’s handprints on the wall, and a note for the babysitter on the fridge. Then you get the three answering machine messages. Seriously, just remembering it enough to type it is making me want to cry again. I decided to delete my version to save the impact for you. Maybe it’s just because I have a little girl of my own, but Bravo, Telltale. Bravo.
to my fingertips
First, the good: Love, Loss and What I Wore opened on Friday to a full house and was a benefit for our local chapter of the YWCA. We were sold out again on Saturday and while we had a smaller house yesterday, the audiences have just eaten up the show.
When Insp. Coreris got back to his office the evening after rescuing Anthony Harris, there was a message waiting for him from a black police officer. The officer came to visit Coreris, and asked him for the new address where Anthony Harris was being secreted. The officer admitted to Coreris that members of the NOI had asked him to get the information. Coreris told the officer that the information was none of his business, and that Coreris would report him to his superiors.
Michael became increasingly concerned with what he was seeing in the Luoyang orphanage, and contacted several adoptive families to inform them of the situation. He also decided to contact WACAP directly, and outlined many of his findings and concerns. Within two days, Michael was contacted by the orphanage and informed that he would not be permitted to return to the orphanage, with officials citing concerns that he was a carrier of swine flu.
Jae Shin represents Jae Ha who is attending WOC to attend the Cheju Korean Peninsula Peace Forum. Jae Shin who sits on the wheelchair is panic because of Bong Goo’s plan, while Si Kyung is monitoring a suspicious person who is watching Jae Shin.
Michaelann Velicky: 610-506-6729
Yum, it tasted fine now and had just the right tang to it! I put it in a rectangle baking dish and then sprinkled the chocolate chips on top (the yummy factor to entice the toddler) and baked it at 177F for 25 degrees.
... was way too gorgeous to hide at the back of my neck. And I couldn't figure out a way to feature it that didn't take attention away from the focal.
"Oh, and Sarabeth?" He poked his head back around the corner.
Well the weather forecast was right and the sun shone lots this weekend. It was such a nice change to see blue skies as I was beginning to forget what they looked like. Let's hope the nice weather sticks around for a while. Dare I check the weather forecast for the coming week?
SETH: Nice…
and because is the NSD and to fit in the celebrating mood i'll send a prize filled with scrappy goodies to one lucky follower of my blog!
Today this country does not stand on the threshold of a new dawn, at least not politically; today whites can only look forward to further disenfranchisement due to the decline in their majority status and the continuing bastardisation of primary culture. Many I now feel will simply not care and if the disastrous results of the recent elections are anything to go by the Nu-right has little chance at all, certainly as their much-maligned leader has said certain areas are now forever lost due to demographic change. Yet what can the Nu-right do, having dropped all defence of a race realist position they have embraced the very system that does us down, adopting the very multi-racial orthodoxy now common place, oh they will tell you they had no choice, that contestation was not an option yet, I believe they embraced the change believing really quite erroneously that such a move would garner greater chance at the ballot.
“A BMW!!!! A BMW!!! Geez Doc…how the hell do ya expect me to loot and pillage villages with a hot chick on the back of my bike driving a BMW?
One Moment in Time
You couldn’t hear him
The stock market has been tanking the last week. One more reason why I have to order the #7 at El Chico’s…
So, for the first time in my life, I spoiled the ballot paper. I'd rather not have, but I didn't feel I had any choice. Again, what the respective parties offer on a local level does not do enough to deviate from my thoughts about them in principle and I couldn't vote for a local candidate if I have such strong feelings about their party on a national level.
and everywhere life is full of heroism.
And, for the sake of clarity, I’m okay with digital distribution as a medium. What I’m not okay with is digital distribution as THE ONLY medium. When the consumer is presented with fewer choices, the consumer inevitably loses.
Schedule: July 5, 2011 to December 2012
If I am sober from something, I am still focusing on the something. I’m looking at how many days it’s been, then I am turning to that something and saying, “Na-na-na-boo-boo, it’s been 42 days since I listened to you!” Tell me, at what point do we stop counting? At one point do we put the shot gun down and move on with our lives?
500g pork tenderloin, cut into strips
Whether you believe the CDC’s recent numbers regarding autism or not, whether you support Autism Speaks or The Autism Society of American, or perhaps a local organization closer to home, does it really matter when it comes to our kids?
I'm talking about an invisible hand pinching your butt or boob so hard that you get tears in your eyes, about someone telling aloud what they would do to you in bed if they could, about the angry reaction of construction workers when you walk past NOT reacting to their comments. You see, you don't have the right to be silent and scared. You should have smiled!
something for church. It was a 10 hour project for Personal Progress but like I said, it's turned into something bigger. Much bigger. I had a hard time choosing the name. I wanted something that would describe me. Simple almost. So, in the end my aunt, mom, and I Googled, and everything else to try and find something that would describe me and
Shoes: Sneaker Boots – Blue – Energie (Free!)
I love how it turned out. The Teapot Box is very versatile. You can use it as a Mother's Day Gift Box, a scrapbook layout and much more. For me, I opted into using the Teapot Exploding Box as an Invitation. It is modern and extra-ordinary.
On the eye - Richly golden and inviting.
So what did I want? What ideas did I spy? Why, I would love to share!
Butter (optional)
The new album When It Rains from Coventry band Silent Screams marks not only an impressive debut for the UK metalcore band but the initial release from Ghost Music, the new label founded by Ghostfest creator Toyan St Hilaire, who made the band his first signing. Immediately impressed by the band’s album St Hilaire threw himself into unleashing it on the world; commenting about the release he said “As soon as I heard the new SILENT SCREAMS record, I just knew it was gold – I just knew I had to do something with it… ‘When It Rains’ made such an impact on me that I’ve decided to finally put my money where my mouth is; hence GHOST MUSIC was born! I’m super excited to be working with this band and their record!” Upon hearing When It Rains it is easy to understand his enthusiasm as the album is a power house of intent and creation. For a debut it is immense and though it may not be flawless it carries an edge and purpose as well as thoroughly stunning sounds that many if not most releases lack.
Two weeks from today I'm going to be on a beach in Mexico at a lovely resort, with the Saint, on a trip that someone else is paying for.
Yes, I brought that one home. And it was with this book that I experienced the moment that would solidify my lifelong endeavour to read anything and everything the man wrote.
Hello, poetry-bussing people, congratulations on keeping going with the weekly writing, I confess to having fallen by the wayside a while back, poetry-wise,but am doing some picking-myself-up and some dusting-myself-down, but gently does it.... ; ) So enough banter and on with the poetry prompts.... I'm a bit early with the prompts but thought it best to give as much time as possible in case we get caught up in Halloween itself and run out of poetry writing time.... ; )
So, looking over the varied landscape of books that have really shaped me, I’m surprised to find that the one that has changed my worldview the most is this little book:
Please click to enlarge
Apart from one foray to Bali when we were engaged, Christian and I have always enjoyed relatively inexpensive holidays. Pre-children, we would pack our mountain bikes and a tent, and ride along a rail trail for a few days, camping as we went. Or we'd camp somewhere central and do day trips on our bikes around the local area. We tended to favour tents over caravans after two rather dodgy experiences....one involved my first experience of morning sickness, and the other had peanut brittle stuck to the mattress....instead of a mint on the pillow, perhaps?
But how do you use these colors in your wedding details? They can be used in a myriad of ways: In your stationery design, calligraphy ink, flowers, linens, bridesmaids' dresses, groomsmen's ties, cake decor and favors.
Use the peek-a-boo sentiment with these animals as well as your other stamps and have just the top of the image showing, then do a reveal inside the card like they are popping out.
I saw myself in a pinball machine.
We strongly approve, given the indelible images created from that game, and we’ll approve even more strongly if the Bulldogs bring back the white helmets with the interlocking M-S-U logo to go with the white unis. (UPDATE: Uniform blog UniWatch spoke to a State official who said the uniforms will be white, but won’t be 2000 throwbacks–and even if they were, they wouldn’t feature that particular logo because the rights to it still belong to former outfitter Nike.)
the canine translation of walk please
I love coming to Wanaka because it is so laidback. I can simply chill out and not do anything. There is less commercialism here and I hope it remains so. Feel so lucky to see this place in various seasons and in all kinds of weather, good or bad.
As I mentioned yesterday, I succumbed to Peter's "encouragement" and got a pair of Vibrams. I thought I might trail run in them but mainly got them to wear around the house since I like being barefoot (save the 'in the kitchen' jokes since that's actually true in our house!). I have sworn up and down (and sideways and... you get the picture) that I wouldnt run in them outside of the ocassional trail. I've even been known to make fun of runners in them... I know, I'm pretty awful.
My kids aren’t too awful picky about what they watch on television. Connor loves to watch anything with singing or dancing in it and Nicholas will watch nature documentaries until his eyes bleed. Those are their favorites, but they’ll put up with just about anything playing on the screen…with a few very specific exceptions.
So yeah... key issues.
And what about the record? It was issued on Parlophone in 1968 and features some excellent covers of contemporary folk/pop selections (the Flower Lady, NY Mining Disaster 1941, Colours, etc.) and older, popular folk numbers (House of the Rising Sun, Geordie) accompanied by the guitar playing or by string orchestra (under the direction of Arthur Greenslade). Deena is a British folk singer in the popular style of the day (think early Marianne Faithful or Bridget St. John). Perhaps not an original approach but all well performed. Deena has a great voice and is perhaps a little unemotional at times, but that's nit-picking really. Overall an excellent and unjustly forgotten record.
Now, I've recently gotten into a few discussions about terminology, and about whether or not it was good or bad to have a "unifying" label for the self-directed learning style that's commonly known as unschooling. And I do think that unschooling is a great unifying word for this philosophy of learning, and since it's becoming better known, being the term most commonly used in articles and on TV shows, I think it's become VERY useful, especially in recent times. I also think it's great to pick whatever term *you* feel is best for you. I just think it's nice to have a back-up word that's increasingly well known!
While I have three Chanel greens in my stash (yep), my favorite is the golden Khaki. Sometimes I apply that lightly and I'm finished. Other favorites are the enduring neutral shades like Chanel Ivory or Edward Bess Mystery and Escape. All are multi-dimensional colors, so they are easy to use alone or with each other. Sometimes I add eyeliner (if I remember).
And again add some sweet chairs from Miss Cassie, plus a few super-fabulous accents. Love. It.
If you have questions, ask. If you write in response to any of these, the people whose blogs you visit would love to read your responses. So, post!
The magical story of how we came to find this beautiful land along with our stories of restoration work and new life here can be found on our “We LoveMoses” blogsite.
Connection. I love connection. I can't wait to ask God or the angels about instant connection with certain people. Were we buddies in the life before earth? Or what?
The ossuary-like antler chandeliers, antler and brass tables, twig tables and chairs, rush-seated ladder-back chairs, scenic-painted sideboard, duck decoys, rhinoceros and bear figurines, salt-glazed pottery, birch-bark baskets; half-barrel cachepots, a vessel in the shape of a tree trunk, rustic pitcher and brass candlestick lamps with twig or raw silk shades, wool plaid, leopard-print carpet and needlepoint rugs - and the laciest curtains ever to grace a log cabin: sill-length, swagged, jaboted and chouxed, atop floral shades matching the print of the coverlet on the maple log bedstead - all suggest an homage to spirit of place, albeit seen through the rose-tinted lens of a rifle-sight, and to Smith's client's fashionable taste in Americana.
Do we seriously believe for one second that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert did not fart, burp or pick their nose in front of each other in the entire twenty one years of their marriage? Considering how long they were under the same roof together, it would be unrealistic to believe that no matter how long you’re with a person you just do not show your “human” side.
Amazon’s reputation to date has been built on range, service and honest recommendations to customers. Their current actions represent reduced range and service together with distorted recommendations – effectively creating a breach of trust between Amazon and its customers, particularly its “Prime” customers who have paid to have free delivery on a comprehensive range of books."
“Jesus left the temple and was going away, when his disciples came to point out to him the buildings of the temple. But he answered them, “You see all these, do you not? Truly, I say to you, there will not be left here one stone upon another that will not be thrown down.” (Matthew 24:1-2).
Almost two years ago, a year before the outing of Mark Kennedy put the issue into the spotlight, an undercover Metropolitan police officer gave an interview to the Observer. Deployed by his boss Bob Lambert, Black infiltrated far left and anti-racist groups for four years in the mid-1990s; exactly the time when the Lawrence campaign was actively working for justice from a heads-in-the-sand police force. He said
Return the chicken to the pan. Add 2 tablespoons of chopped herbs such as parsley, oregano, and rosemary. Add 2 cups chunky tomato sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Cover and reduce the heat to simmer.
At a mere €74.90 it has your name all over it!
Now I need enough to pay my bills, then I will be happy.
“What? That makes no sense” the pale accountant added.
I've been hearing a lot lately about Gwyneth Paltrow's website goop.com so I decided to check it out. It's supposedly really successful & popular and I'm pretty sure she gets more hits than I do. But you know what, it's bor-ingggg. The only interesting bit was where mate Stella McCartney and Gwyneth herself wrote about their day and the way they balance work/family. It made me laugh because it was such a load of crap. They have car services, chefs, nannies, assistants and, errrr, money that makes their day a hell of a lot easier. Gwynnie should bloody well come round here and try to get my kids to eat brown rice/sweet potato stirfry.
As I have been a manager for over a year now, I get to fly out to home office for orientation (yayz!). I leave tonight at around 5 pm, bring my nicest work outfits, wear my fancy shoes. I’m psyched! My co-worker–who we’ll call Amber–is bunking with me. She’s awesome. I’ve always envied how assertive she is. It’s something I’ve been working SO hard on, and she seems to do it without a sweat. I’ve learned a lot from her though since I’ve started working for the company and I know that her and I balance each other out really well.
Oh and Happy Valentine's Day! If you're coupled, I hope you and your love had a wonderful day and continue to share your love together. If you're single, go and mingle! XOXO
Spelling: Spelling Workout
There are also 3 new lipglosses ($32USD) in the collection - Sunny Coral, Sensual Brown, and Indigo Blue. The Khol Kajal Eyeliner is a deep blue indigo that is pigmented and glides on the skin easily. It retails for $36USD.
In a large mixing bowl, beat the whipping cream and sugar to soft peaks. Pour in the avocado mixture and mix till combined. Transfer into a airtight container and freeze for at least 4 hours.
No.... it's not one of my boys...
I mark’d at the foot of a tree the grave of a soldier;
#67 - Arielle Martin Verhaaren
“I know enough about you from your records. I know how you've tested, where you stand, basically everything.” Whisper spun the glass between his damp fingers. “But you've stumbled into something and now I have to know...” he looked up at her.
If you've had experiences with diabetes feel free to share your story in the comments. It's nice to know I'm not alone!
1 tutor
I'm not sure these days why I read anything but Chekhov. Possibly it's that I feel guilty ignoring all those other writers who've worked so hard and might have interesting things to say to me. Chekhov wrote no novels, and I'm a fan of novels, so I must read someone if I want to indulge in long-form fiction. And while there are uncountable good and even great novels out there, I find lately that whenever I return to Chekhov, I don't know why I ever left him. I don't know what any of this means. Nothing, probably.
Then the teachers replied,
What approval from the football authorities has been asked for? Do the SFA and SPL consider they have duties to consult their members, or id the Chief Executive of each company happy to use executive powers to reassure the bidders?
Alas it was almost time to leave for our trip. Our plan was to depart from Charlotte International early one morning. At the time, I was dating a girl who lived about 20 minuetes from the Airport. A day or so before the trip I traveled three hours down to her house to spend some time with her before I left. The next night she had to go into work and I had to meet my group at a church about a few miles from the Airport. That night was restless for us all. We slept on floors, couches, and our sleeping bags until about 4 a.m. when we had to leave. I remember being woke up in the middle of the night as the first group came back to wish us the best. I barely could see the group members because it was dark and I was still half asleep. I do however remember smelling them…
THE PRESIDENT: We are going to get this done by August 2nd.
morning tea where elodie stuffed no less than 3 pieces of banana bread in and got it all over my black dress and cardigan. Then it was maths (not one of keira's best subjects) and a spot of bingo then lunch.
So. Here I am, borrowing my wench's 'puter, 'cause my modem is mangled, inoperandi, kaput, gone baby gone. In other words, it just don't work no more.
Among Caravaggio's models, none are more special to him than the rough-and-tumble boxer and hoodlum Ranuccio (Sean Bean), who Caravaggio makes a frequent subject in his work. Soon enough, painter and model are involved in a complicated love triangle along with Ranuccio's lover Lena (Tilda Swinton), whom both men love and desire as much as they do each other. In some of the film's most extraordinary and erotically charged scenes, Lena first watches as Caravaggio, painting Ranuccio, seduces the model with his unyielding gaze. The scene is soon enough reversed when Lena tenderly kisses the painter while Ranuccio watches from the background, his expression controlled only with apparent effort; it's hard to tell who he's more jealous of. This was Swinton's first film, and her first of many for Jarman, and she delivers a typically nuanced and effective performance, with her dirty ruffian's face and bold manner. Lena is a ragged, filthy but sensual street woman, with a tremendous shock of golden hair hidden beneath her rags as though waiting for someone to acknowledge her hidden nobility and beauty.
'The Strictly Dancing Troupe'.
One package of large construction paper (approximately 10x15), available at any major craft store.
Was he trying to win our sympathy? At the time I thought so and – along with my classmates, with the callous cruelty of ten-year-olds in a mob – I despised him for it. With the infinite wisdom accrued through a whole decade of life, I judged that he had realised that he lacked that control which was the basic prerequisite for his job and was trying to substitute it by appealing to our better natures. If such was the case, he had miscalculated very badly.
Clear off book shelves and sort out books to donate to the library
I do list that there are a few species that are so dangerous that you have to shoot them on sight. The English foaming zombie, i.e. the 28 Days Later zombie, and the Talking Zombie, which is very intelligent, and an intelligent zombie, if you think about it, is very scary: nearly unkillable, addicted to human flesh, with no morals.
St. Louis is by far the best mid-western city for celebrating St. Patrick’s Day. To start, Michelob sponsors a 5 mile run on the 14th. There is then a huge St. Patrick’s Day parade in downtown St. Louis, featuring character balloons, Irish dancers, equestrians and large floats.
There are other moments of humour, particularly in the first half of the film. Hutter simply does not know how to react to Orlock (Max Schreck); as a businessman, he must stay dignified and accommodating to his client, but here is a client too strange to imagine—one who functions in the night and measures time by a mechanical skeleton that chimes every hour. It is a classic gag scenario. And Orlock’s one-liners are as good (and as bad) as Bela Lugosi’s would be nine years later. Seeing a cameo bearing Ellen’s face, Orlock compliments the woman’s ‘lovely neck.’ When Hutter decides to go to bed, Orlock begs him to stay up a while longer: “I sleep by day, dear fellow... completely dead to the world.” Hutter’s in way over his head.
So I will anxiously sit back and wait to see if this song this terrible, God forsaken song will actually spread virally and become a YouTube sensation. Only time will tell. Which in this day and age, only means about a week or so.
Take the tart out of the oven. Prepare the topping by melting the sugar in a saucepan until it caramelizes and becomes golden-brown. Add butter, stir. Add milk, stir and fold in the almonds. Spread the caramel and almond mixture on top of the tart and return it to the oven for another 20 minutes.
The bell outside her tent jingled.
- When she pees in her diaper, she takes it off and puts it in the laundry room. (This makes more sense if you know that we cloth diaper.)
If only a text would praise my day
All those pretty and cute store girls at 109 - especially at d.i.a., lol - talked to her a lot and told her how cute her piercings are and which they also had - so much for "iieks, gals don't have piercings". Hah.
But the hospital was kind of like a "honeymoon." Some other-worldly place. Coming home is when it started to feel weird. When I got in my bed and realized for the first time that I was able to lie down on my back or tummy again, I started tearing up. DH came in the room to say he wanted to go to the store and buy a tray so he can serve me dinner in bed. (Um, taking his take-care-of-the-momma role a little too seriously, no?) I told him no, that's a waste of money, as I tried to hold back my tears. Then he said, "Are you crying? You really don't want me to buy a tray, huh?" This led to a bout of hysterical laughing and crying at the same time. I told him I was just hormonal.
Get your self satisfied marvel of the world
A. That's Dillon.
* The Liminal elements and facets of Spirituality
Another thing Nancy excels at is when she, in my estimation, fakes getting emotional and her voice gets wobbly and she relates to either her twins or her deceased fiancé. When she brings either the twins or her fiancé up, she is softening someone so she can “relate” to them on a tragedy level and then she goes for the jugular by asking very pointed questions after she has caught them off guard. Nancy is so predictable because I believe she is a phony and so highly choreographed in her style of questioning and her mannerisms in how she approaches individuals she is seeking to pull information from.
Found this on you tube, could have used it for my “is there a dr. in the house” post. It shows the power of the egg!
GEORGE: Leon Durant murdered in his home.
1 rivalries
So what is the story here?
Wenzel, a local artist and critic who's a U. of Chicago alum, conjures a show from a deliberately sparse "collection of things": a new video and some objects. - TimeOut Chicago
A Taste Of Honey (Bobby Scott, Ric Marlow)
Floral – HyVee Waterfront, Iowa City
your own Blog that your Tip is for Top Tip Tuesday too!
11. Send your photo strip to yourself or someone else, your total cost is $0.00 (no coupon code required, for new Wink users only, shipping is free)
Colbey over at Cardboard Collections runs some really nice breaks as you probably already know. I missed out on the Rangers for Colbey's latest Affordable Break, but I did get them back in March. I know what you're thinking...March? It's May 10th. Well, Colbey wasn't slow to ship, I'm just slow to post.
Almost everyday my husband bugs me about something. He wants to know if I have gone to the bank yet and if I have paid some bills yet. Everyday I say "not yet". The banking and bills belong to Poppop. I haven't done anything with his things since he passed. The checks are sitting here, the pictures we got together for his service, his flag, his bills, his clothes, EVERYTHING is still sitting exactly where they were 6 weeks ago.
Parallel to the rise in sudden, symptom-free, death, other things were happening in the 1990’s.
Delorey says the party will defend the results of the elections and that he’s confident the court will dismiss the application.
Blizzard just revealed the Demon Hunter as the first of five character classes available in the much anticipated game Diablo III. As I have mentioned before in a previous post, I was fortunate enough to play the beta earlier this year, and let me tell you, that was such a tease! Granted the beta gave you just enough time to learn the basics, a few of the spells/abilities of your character, a taste of the different gear available to equip, and lest we forget the loot! It was addictive! “A chest!? What’s in the chest!? Is it something better than what I have equipped already? Why yes it is!” The beta did not disappoint that is for certain. It’s just that with a game like this, it is difficult to be cut off so soon!
I’ve been away from the net yesterday and today while working on some stuff, hence the delayed update. But really, my mood on Monday afternoon was such that I had no inclination to blog about my failure. I’m sure you understand. I’ve applied for at least 7 grants/jobs this year, with varying degrees of success. This latest failure, courtesy of the ever-incompetent ARC had me rather despondent. I’ll gather my thoughts and write about them shortly, but for now, perhaps this is a more appropriate song:
Now, though, I am seeing things I haven't seen in years, re-discovering items I had forgotten I had. In many cases it's like seeing a friend you haven't come across in years.
Sat 10:30-13:00 and 14:00-17:00
Loops and lines and chaotic colour that graduates to grey angularity and structure- there's something about the geometrically-inspired (by William Thurston's geometrization conjecture, no less) collection and its play on volume, texture, colour and shapes that I think is going to make it my favourite of Paris Fashion Week so far- and maybe that something is the fact that the inspiration isn't literal, or even overtly used.
4) I took the pizza out of the oven when I smelled the crust burning. I know, you think this is very obvious. But I am the type of cook who used to think, “It says 20 minutes, it’s only been 10, it can’t be burning.” I would ignore the smell, even to some extent the smoke, until it was unsalvageable. This time I checked it, saw the one on the bottom was cooking too fast, took it out & finished cooking the pizzas on the top rack, one at a time. When I said at the outset this cooking thing did not come naturally to me, I was really, really not kidding.
I always give my students a bottle of wedding bubbles to inspire them during writing after reading this story. I also send the Bubbles with the note below as a Story Souvenir.
Planning the launch:
love is wonderful
The door swung in, revealing Crusader Powel. “‘ope I’m nae interruptin’ anythin’,” he said with a cheerful voice, as it always seemed to be.
Clint
Our days started with a beautiful display of fruits and foods we had never seen or tried before. The colors, the looks, the tastes, the smells… all different. They also had some potatoes and waffles we didn’t try or photographed. Here’s some of what we liked.
We asked the question at the outset, “Where are you in God’s eternal purpose?” How can we tell? The Corinthians had been saved for several years but they were still babes in Christ. Let’s look at 1 Corinthians 3:1-2: “And I brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ. I have fed you with milk, and not with meat; for hitherto ye were not able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able.”
Here's a page that I demonstrated at a Stampin' Up! party this past weekend.
Deft pop culture parodies, and clever side characters, mean nothing if the core of your show doesn’t resonate. Just as with the early seasons of The Simpsons, and just as with Spaced, Community knows how to balance all that wackiness with characters that have an emotional core. The characters on Community are able to be broad parody one minute, but can make us care about them the next. Sometimes the crossover between the two is rocky, and sometimes it doesn’t work, but not enough shows understand the importance of the humanity inside of those big laughs. 30 Rock is a perfect example of a show that makes us laugh but can’t figure out how to make us care about its character’s lives. Think back to all those ‘Jack Donaghy dates Famous Actress In Extended Cameo’ scenes that you’ve tuned out during.
Then I move to consider the extensive interview Nunez-Tesheira gave on 4 February 2009 to the Trinidad Express on the broken deposits, the headline being truly priceless ‘Everybody knew CIB was in trouble’. That interview formed part of my submission at the Colman Commission, with neither its inclusion, nor my inferences from it, being challenged by Nunez-Tesheira’s attorney during his cross-examination on 10 November.
“I humbly bow to your superior knowledge,” I replied. “Your scholarship in this field is clearly second to none.”
Since it was so slow moving I will have to knock my grade down to a B. This is a book I look forward to giving to my little sister.
Here's a hint...
March Prediction: 7-9
For the sake of His sorrowful Passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
An article carrying an excellent analysis on post Mumbai situation has recently come up from Gen. (Retd). Jahangir Karamat, formerly Pakistan’s Ambassador to the US, Chief of Pakistan’s armed Staff and one of the few generals who literally followed the constitution of Pakistan
As ARISE Certified Master Life Skills Trainers, participants of this five-day training workshop will be able to take what they have learned and train others at their organization on how to conduct innovative, guided group discussions and activities with troubled youth in their charge. For over two decades, ARISE Evidenced Based life skills lessons have been used across the country with great results. ARISE Life Skills lessons were specifically created for learners with substantial reading and learning deficiencies in addition to serious behavioral issues. The Master Life Skills training will train others to steer youth in the right direction by providing new trainers with ARISE breakthrough curricula that help disadvantaged youth grasp life’s unwritten rules. Among the 260 life lessons ARISE has created are: anger and conflict management, gang prevention, drop out prevention, self esteem, parenting and job search skills.
This was the first meal of summer, even though summer hasn't started, if one is following the official solstice dates. Doesn't matter, though, it suited me just fine. I was hungry, really hungry, and all that goodness fit the bill.
My husband and I spent our honeymoon in Mexico and enjoyed so many things about it, but especially the food. We both love Mexican food and to me there is nothing better than real, authentic mexican food. One of my favorite parts of mexican food is all the beans. I love beans of all kinds, but have a have a true love for refried beans. On our honeymoon I ate beans at literally every meal. I especially loved refried beans poured over my morning omelette. That is where the idea for this recipe came from. I am always trying to mix beans into my children’s’ meals because they are so yummy, good for you and very inexpensive. Right now my 3.5 year old is on a kick of wanting to eat refried bean and cheese quesadillas at every meal. This recipe came out of the idea of trying to combine some of our favorite dinner ingredients. Sometimes the best dinners don’t come from a recipe at all. They come from a little experimenting. So without further adieu,
At every turn, there's the pang. That little flutter of memory somewhere between your ribs that reminds you of what you lost while he went off and found, and how bloody scared you are of bumping into it. Or worse, them.
I've taken a whole new approach to scrapbooking. I have so many unscrapped photos and unprinted digital photos that I've come to the realization that I'll never get caught up. So I've abandoned my practice of trying to finish a year at a time or an album at a time, and am just going to scrap what I feel like, in no particular order or theme, no rhyme or reason, just whatever I'm in the mood to scrap at that moment. So that being said, my blog will be full of randomness....no more days upon days of vacation layouts (which I still haven't finished LOL), no layouts covering an entire baseball season or a school year, you'll just be surprized because you'll never know what I'm going to post next.
Both Islamist Abdel Moneim Abul Fotouh and former foreign minister and Arab League chief Amr Mussa agree that Israel is Egypt's 'number one enemy' and that the treaty between Israel and Egypt, which has already seen several key planks broken should essentially be abrogated, which Egyptian troops moving in to re-militarize the Sinai.
State rules have long protected endangered animals from being killed or harassed due to new development. A proposal released Thursday by the Department of Environmental Conservation would formally extend that protection to lands that such animals rely upon to live, feed and reproduce.
Incidentally when I followed up with Julie about why she was so happy that day and why her smile was so big, she replied
Last year, I was on the trip to enchantingMauritiuswith my family which we had been planning for so many months. Before leavingIndiawe carefully packed everything including medicines. An overnight flight, a two hours meandering drive from airport to the hotel and a further wait of 1 hour at the lobby for the rooms, made us all tired and worn out. By the time we were allotted the room and freshened up, it was way past lunch time. We decided to eat hand tossed pizza with a cup of coffee, the only vegetarian dish available and waited eagerly for the dinner which was the only hope to satiate our hunger. After sumptuous dinner we came to room but I felt uneasy. My stomach was bloated and tight. I informed my husband who immediately gave me some ayurvedic medicine. I felt a bit better and went off to sleep early to make the best of the next day.
Part VI continues the construction of the historical perspective.
And did I mention, it is crazy easy? I usually do this right after I've finished chopping a whole bunch of apples for a recipe (like this one), but you can also stick apple peels and bits in the freezer, if you're doing one apple at a time. Then when you've accumulated enough apple peels to your liking, you can use them!
There was a pause when it came to names
I don't think everything can be purely observationist.
Recommendation $8,000
An invisible man married an invisible woman. The kids were nothing to look at either.
Sinn Fein to back pardons for ‘deserters’ who fought for Britain in World War II Fresh prosecution hope over McConville killing Dirty protest by republican prisoners puts top jail on brink of deadly disease Moloney angry over Troubles tapes The state and Northern Ireland’s past Catholic majority in Northern Ireland to present dilemma for Britain and Republic Priory Hall residents angry at Taoiseach
Are there any limits on the roles expat lawyers can play? Are we advocates, counselors, mentors, technicians, or all of the above, and what are the implications of each role?
3 etsy/ebay - i grouped these two together because i hardly buy any clothes from them but you can get some great stuff.
She believed in the same causes as Lee did – independence from colonial rule in the early years, and later, a multiracial, meritocratic Singa­pore.
8. Sol Crepuscular (3:50)
Take a look at the next three:
But as if the brand itself isn't magnet enough, the marketeers have posted models in the doorways and models on the roof, hollering all day long for passers by to come in and shop. And this is just the followup to the biggest publicity stunt of all: 101 shirtless men out for a stroll on the Champs Élysées. The Huffington Post has the video, if you must.
Under the pseudonym, Joe Kimball, J.A. Konrath is trying his hand at Sci-Fi. Given the humor Konrath brings to his Jack Daniels novels this could be a fun trip. The main character is also supposed to be Jack Daniels' grandson, but having read those books doesn't seem necessary at all. Merely an extra get for fans of Konrath's to try this series out. Sounds a bit like a rip-off of Minority Report, but the humor could make the difference. Plus I love time related novels. The second novel in the series is to be titled Timecaster Supersymmetry and will probably be out near the end of 2011 as well.
It's been a bad night for the LibDems but it's also been a bad night for Labour who, despite having probably the most favourable climate possible to gain seats against their opponents given the difficult decisions the government has had to make, failed to make the kinds of gains expected. They should have gained well over 1000 seats and that would just have put them back to where they were before their disastrous 2007 local election performance. Starting from a low base, as they were, gave them a chance to make substantial gains. And the Tories, starting from such a high watermark, were widely predicted to lose hundreds, if not over a thousand seats. In the end they actual GAINED seats! On top of all this Labour lost in Scotland and it looks like Ed Miliband has led the Yes To AV campaign to a humiliating defeat as well. The broadcast media have been quick to airbrush his elbowing of Nick Clegg out from the campaign leadership and are focusing on blaming Clegg, which is quite unfair.
I have the privilege of working in two schools and they both put on stunning Christmas performances. I helped with the dress rehearsal on Thursday in one and was a guest at the second on Friday. The schools, and therefore the performances, are both very different, but the creative talents of the staff, and the hard work of the pupils in both produced amazing results.
I opened my mouth to say "NO FREAKIN' WAY am I hacking off all those beautiful curls!!" When my wonderful husband blurted out "OK!"
Women, one of the highest disrespects you can do is be high maintenance. This means, making him buy expensive things, expecting to be constantly pampered, and him never saying no to anything. These kinds of women annoy me the most, and I find it very immature. Everyone should appreciate everything they have, both men and women. Some women love men for their money, and we call those women ‘gold diggers’ and all they want is money or to have money spent on them any given second, regardless of the amount. To me, it’s all a big game that women play with men. If the man wants to keep the woman in his life, she plays him by doing all that; come on ladies, is that really fair or necessary? I mean, if a man is kind, nice, and treats you like a queen; I think he deserves the same respect. The sad thing is, those women don’t see it or care enough to see it. They just want what they can get and move on to the next rich guy. There is a huge problem with this chain reaction; they may say it makes them happy, but they’re not truly happy.
Enders G, Miller E, Cradock-Watson J, Bolley I, Ridehalgh M. Consequences of varicella and herpes zoster in pregnancy: prospective study of 1739 cases. Lancet 1994; 343: 1548-1551.
So there you have it. Stereo sound in every room, gotta love it! We can switch each room on/off through the switchbox in the closet, and listen to music from virtually any source (radio, itunes, TV music channels, pandora internet radio). These speakers will get some good use.
Too bad I don't have scans of the Heritage cards he sent. I'm on the road and apparently forgot to save my scans from this deal.
So this is the bare-minimum-cleaning routine I have found myself slipping into, I am ashamed to say:
4) I have quite a major tattoo fetish and the only reason I am not covered in ink head to toe is that I lack the funds and also have an annoyingly strong sensible streak that prevents me from doing things that could cause problems in my job.
For centuries it was understood that the world was a living being with a soul, and that we are a part of this being. Once we remember this in our minds and in our hearts, once we hear the cry of our suffering, dying world, our prayers will flow more easily and naturally. We will be drawn to pray in our own way. There is the simple prayer of placing the world as a living being within our hearts when we inwardly offer our self to the divine. We remember the sorrow and suffering of the world in our hearts and ask that the world be remembered, that divine love and mercy flow where it is needed. That even though we continue to treat the world so badly, divine grace will help us and help the world — help to bring the earth back into balance. We need to remember that the power of the divine is more than that of all the global corporations that continue to make the world a wasteland, even more than the global forces of consumerism that demand the life-blood of the planet. We pray that the divine of which we are all a part can redeem and heal this beautiful and suffering world.
Do you even have a coaching program in place??
I will be holding a mini-session day on Saturday, May 26, 2012! This would be the perfect time to get a few updated family photos, focus on one child that may have a special event around this time (first holy communion, dance recital, birthday, etc), capture a head shot for your business/ facebook page, etc. These sessions will take place at Springton Manor Farm again since it is such a beautiful place to use as a background. If you would like to reserve a spot, please contact me at ablphotography@hotmail.com . These time slots fill up quickly!
Having lost his candidacy, but not by enough, Rishi is considering running an even less effective campaign next time. One problem, he said, was that neighbors started threatening to vote for him if he didn’t give them whiskey. “I couldn’t afford all those bottles,” he said.
Today, I went to pay a few bills and while out I stopped at WalMart and I bought some nice fabric that was on clearance. I want to try sewing some pillowcases to give as gifts. When I got back home this afternoon as I was walking around the yard looking at my Iris that are blooming, I spotted a robins eggshell. I haven't spotted a nest yet, but I am sure it is nearby.
5.Sand (again to knock down any "bumps" or imperfections that may have arisen from the quick-drying primer)
Well our fabulous spring weather is on it’s way out……..the low clouds, humidity and wind are back. Sigh, oh well it was nice whle it lasted. Time for summer to begin. The picture above was the sunrise yesterday morning, a fairly pretty one. I enjoy watching the sun come up on my drive.
-Swamp Thug in Katon; only obtainable when you or a partymember that is leading is in the middle of a quest he is involved for (Mainly a tank, attacks decently)
I have loved Jamie Oliver for years. I have his cookbooks and one of my favorite recipes that would make a delicous Easter meal is his Roasted Chicken Stuffed with Fragrant Couscous and cooked on Sweet Potato Stovie. Delicious! http://www.penguin.co.uk/static/cs/uk/0/minisites/jamieoliver/jamieskitchen_recipes_chicken.html
While Rhode Island is celebrating another year of success through agricultural education, take a look at these fact about agriculture in their state:
23rd May 2012
I want to thank all of you who contributed your thoughts to my last post "God may have spoken, but our problems are not over."
My script is about a magic bond and trust. My favorite thing that I love to write about right now is the HighLands, which is where the elves are. HighLands is the most magical place there is in my story. I love to write about the Elves.
Odd feeling..
Oh, things would only get worse for the New York area railroads in the 1970s! So I hope Pete's taking copious notes in his driver's education classes and that those gruesome Signal 30 films are hitting home.
Whenever I am able, or whenever think I can make some inroads into "brightening the corner wherever I am" - I try. This is in no way a condemnation of you or your beliefs. Just something for you to consider.
In these every day blogs the personality and circumstances of the blogger leak out like smoothie from a dodgy carton in my fridge, ( messy but tasty) I take particular delight in the ones by famous writers who don't talk at all about their intriguing work, but how many times they've made it to the gym, what they are having for supper and whether the bin men came on time. Oh, and word counts I love those word count thingies -especially when they don't move for weeks.
March would make one last Broadway play after Journey, Paddy Chayefsky's Gideon in 1961, about the Biblical judge, starring Douglas Campbell in the title role and March as an angel. March's film career continued, including roles in Seven Days in May and The Iceman Cometh, before dying in 1975. A complete list of his Broadway roles can be found here.
So, let's see how these fabrics can be turned into something I can wear for this challenge!
"Some see private enterprise as a predatory animal to be shot, others look on it as a cow to be milked but a few see it as a sturdy horse pulling a wagon."
This kind of reach for the WASP gold hoop has also infected her art – namely her music. While still in possession of a fantastic voice, little changed with age, she luxuriates in oppressively lush orchestras of strings and synths as she sleep walks from one pop ballad to another. She’s admitted in press interviews that she doesn’t really like to sing all that much: it shows. Her performances smack of competence. But with a talent like Streisand’s, you expect more than just mere competence.
The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture except during the life of the person attainted.
Anyway, that's my news. Feel free to recommend good books for 7 and 8 year olds.
Get your minds out of the gutter, that’s not what I’m talking about!
me: brb
After all of the fancy food we have been having, I decided to go to a 30 year old cook book, which is a favorite of mine and find some simple, but tasty ideas for a change. This is different than any I have made.
To my faithful readers, I think Obama is setting us up for what might be an invitation for someone else to replace him. He has liberals pissed off at him, so he'd be ripe for a primary challenge. He has independents pissed at him because he lied to them about being different than the others. So he's greatly ripe for defeat in the general election.
The answer was Neil Hannon from the Divine Comedy in an recent interview he talked about the single Indie Disco, ‘It was a bit of a tribute to my teenage years, when I was a massive indie kid. Pixies were my major idols, and My Bloody Valentine, Ride, Slowdive . . . all those shoegaze-y bands. I think what I liked about them was the sort of doomed, melancholic romance.'
Now you know why the Keys are looking really good to me these days...
1. I have met and embraced death and look forward to going home.
But in some ways, these types of "how" issues speak to things like poor leadership, bad management, inconsistent policy and implementation, and other causes - but not necessarily to bad or malicious intent on behalf of policy makers and administrators to make schools worse. I could rally behind improvements to the "how" much more easily, though, if school districts were also willing to examine "what" they were teaching our children - and "why."
Busy weekend - driving into NY tomorrow morning (remind me I have to pick up lunch before I go) and lecturing at the large and fabulous Empire Quilters Guild in Manhattan. Will try to find something to blog about tomorrow night.
A relevant excerpt on Republican candidates:
The book is divided into three main parts: The first part is a sort of introduction to soccer and how the author came to love the game in his native Ireland; the second and main chunk of the book deals with his travels to distant parts of the world to take in the World Cup of 2002/2006 and the Euro Cup 2004/2008 as a reporter for the Globe and Mail. The final part of the book includes short, incisive accounts of several of the keynote qualifying games for this world cup – including a wonderful roaming through Bari when Ireland went to play Italy.
Maybe it’s because of our extreme exposure, but The Curly-Haired One and I are into theatre, her even more than me. She does classes at the local theatre, and I do the Fall Play and Winter Musical in the Upper School every year (she’s still too young to do them). This year’s musical was Hairspray and that is another post in its own right. The final performance got me thinking a lot about applause. When I went to Dublin on exchange (again, another story for another time), I thought about it even more.
About 60% to 100% of the inhabitants of the Karoo are white and brown, and Afrikaans speaking.
4.Jenna M
First, a word about Zamas. In a region full of big luxury hotels, and even bigger less luxurious all-inclusive beach resorts, Zamas is truly one-of-a-kind. Just down the road from the most photographed ruins in Mexico, the seaside Mayan temple at Tulum, and the charming town of Tulum itself, Zamas is a boutique resort built around laid back minimalism – with the exception of its gourmet cuisine, which is totally maxed out. Coming up on its 20th birthday, the resort has managed to walk the fine line between upscale hip and authentic, more of an escape than an indulgence, building a very loyal following along the way. It is also extremely family friendly, yet caters equally to couples on romantic getaways. An insidery boutique resort, Zamas is the kind of place you are more likely to hear about from an in-the-know friend than the travel media – despite rave reviews in the NY Times, Washington Post, Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, Vanity Fair, Conde Nast Traveler and many more.
But then, you know, every book changes you. Everything you hear or read or see or think changes you. In ways you can't predict or control.
I'll be attending my fifteenth SXSW festival and I thought I'd share my experiences to help you enjoy SXSW as I do...like I'm still a 21 year old College kid and it's Spring Break. I believe there is no such thing as too much beer, too much free stuff, or too much fun! Repeat after me, "I'll sleep when I'm in the grave".
Since I have the day off of school, Boo and I are going to meet his Daddy for lunch today! Hopefully it won't be too hot to sit outside and enjoy the pretty, spring weather!
After talking it over with the big boss man, I call her back this morning and leave her a message letting her know that because it’s only been three months, the owners aren’t going to be altering the lease. Either they both move or her name stays on and she’s responsible for any further issues the other one causes. I call the other one and speak to her and tell her the same (because at this point I’m assuming she’s moving because of a disagreement, so I can’t even be sure that they’re talking). She says okay, so we’re good to go.
I dip my finger into your pussy, getting it nice and wet, then I move it down, to the entrance of your tight little back door. I tease you, circling your asshole with my wet finger. I feel your body tense slightly, and your moan changes pitch.
As mentioned previously I'm not much of a hardcore listener, yet 13Steps' second full length album impressed me a lot. Those lyrics are quite catchy too - No Hope makes me wish I could just start screaming "Policies! Policies! Policies!" in a happy manner before helping out next time somebody asks me about policies at work. Though I'm afraid nobody would get the reference...
and tear and glue and stick and paint. This cover-image of 'Chunga's
This idea was inspired in equal parts by Red Bull’s Flugtag events and by Burt Reynold’s The Cannonball Run.
About the Wounded Warrior Project™
i realize that nothing i am sharing tonight is that profound...but it is real. right now our focus is on learning to pee in a potty. not that exciting. but it is real and it is where we at. fell in love with her a little deeper tonight too. not sure what happened...but there was this moment...she was laying on me (rarely happens) we were talking about how proud i was of her and then is said, "you know what?" and without missing a beat she said..."that i your favorite girl." done and done. we get each other. i am thankful for today because of where i have come from this weekend (a little lost in where i am and what i am about. that post is for another day. maybe wednesday).
The Doctor: And Utopia is?
B&N, in other words, has been out-engineering Amazon, and Ms. Bosman’s story is the best account we’ve had of B&N’s efforts. In the process, B&N has seen its e-book market share climb from zero, two Christmases ago, to roughly 27% today.
The good news is it will not be over until midnight tomorrow, Monday (US time).
22 foreign tourists run for their lives after their bus catches fire
CNS has submitted an FOI request to the CIAA for the MOU.
Three women were whipped as a result of fatwas in the district during the last six months.
"PEOPLE! QUITE DOWN AND LINE UP! You, there next to the fat kid, tie those shoes before you trip and break something. OK. Ready, JUMPING JACKS - 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, come on fat kid, keep up! 8, 9, 10."
We managed to eek out the payment of our 2010 property taxes, so that is a many splendored thing. whew! This living by the threads on the seat of one's pants is exhausting. The excitement is just too much for an old woman like me.... but here we are.
Holding on to the love
So what did I decide on? That Silken Pearl in Dried Thyme. I just like the lacy look of it. I also like that color, and it will look wonderful on either the sage green or the lavender. It will recede on the green, of course, and really pop on the lavender.
We will all have noticed that, in the run up to the European elections in June, the BNP has been mentioned in the press more often than usual. Very little of it is flattering, although they do say that no publicity is bad publicity, especially as I think the public are at last beginning to realise that the party has been the victim of a relentless campaign of vilification and lies.
Of course, this is just a tiny portion of the facts for each day both in the book and on the website, so if you want more, buy the book or check the website, or even better – do both!
Oh the things we remember, years and years after they happen. One little nudge to the mind and they all come back in leaps and bounds. I like remembering things that have mostly been forgotten. I like trips down memory lane, especially when my mind chooses to remember the good parts and lets the bad bits lie where they sleep.
They'll chase you. They'll rip you open. They'll feed on you...When the sickness came, every parent, policeman, politician - every adult - fell ill. The lucky ones died. The others are crazed, confused and hungry. Only children under fourteen remain, and they're fighting to survive. Now there are rumours of a safe place to hide. And so a gang of children begin their quest across London, where all through the city - down alleyways, in deserted houses, underground - the grown-ups lie in wait. But can they make it there - alive? - Goodreads
Those will be the ideas the majority of the other entrants will have chosen. So, once you’ve finished your list, throw it away. Then start a new list and pick one from that. It’ll be more original and that means that it should be more interesting.
“Is it really going to happen?”
"You need to go over to The Homeschool Village and join in on their Garden Challenge! It's this whole thing where you share your gardening process and what you learn with the kids and etc....( I'm paraphrasing of course cause I was trying to find the site, kiss Sunshine's noggin that had just had a camera dropped on it by her older siblings who were acting like twits because their twit mother was trying to find some garden love.)
Like I said, I feel like my “chi” isn’t centered and I’m coming to some crossroads but I’m not sure what’s next. I’ve been off the bicycle for a while now and I can’t pinpoint why… maybe it was just all the stress over fixing the car I can’t say. Maybe V-ball will bring me back. Then again maybe in some ways that drop of weight is slowly changing me into a different person in other ways than on a scale and I have to take some time to adjust to that too.
I can not help but wonder how any of my grandfathers would view these Marines .
Fortunately it's not always like that, or why would I do it? A book usually takes off for me when I'm about a third of the way in. And I love revising. When I was revising THE DAMAGE DONE for its Kindle edition, I found myself working at all hours, reluctant to stop. Revising is so much easier than first-stage writing.
“Several times I had the impulse to turn the plane over and see if I could shake him out but he was wedged in like a champagne cork,” Foster wrote.
small stone, day five
...and to be fed.
She knew her first name, but couldn’t account for where she was, or much else. Until the day before, she’d been doing the cryptic crossword in the paper in under 20 minutes most mornings.
Heidi will demonstrate:
The examiner rejected the application in respect of all the goods applied for on the grounds that the mark applied for was devoid of any distinctive character and was descriptive under Articles 7(1)(b) and (c) of the CTM Regulation.
You use electricity? The power stations are polluters, so you're aiding and abetting them.
ODIs- 175, Wickets- 182, Avg- 26.61, 4W- 4, Best- 6/14
In particular, the court noted that the order to install the contested filtering system would limit the freedom of ISPs to conduct their business, which is protected at EU level by Article 16 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights. As a matter of fact, such injunction would require ISPs to install a complicated, costly, and permanent computer system, which would have a negative impact on ISPs' overall economic activity. This would also be contrary to Article 3(1) of the Enforcement Directive, according to which the required measures should not be unnecessarily complicated or costly.
May you reflect in your eyes
Just thought I'd show you a few pics of our little visit of winter today. It started with a long loud peal of thunder which ended in a boom, and the snow came shortly after. Been snowing all afternoon, and it's forecast to continue until around midnight. If I didn't know it would be gone by Tuesday, I'd probably be feeling really bummed right now. The first photo is out the back door to our deck.
LÄPPLE: He ascertained that in Bonaventure’s medieval perception of “Revelation” it was above all an act, it always indicated the action whereby God shows himself in a definite historic moment. Revelation was reflected in Holy Writ, but it was always greater than it, it preceded it and was not identified with it, just as a happening precedes and is
All of us have noticed the big push from health care as of late and have read pages upon pages of tactics that they list and publish, to try and push vaccines on the total population. So is it any surprise that they are trying to change laws in order to make it more difficult to say no? Of course it isn’t and neither is it a surprise that they will make more $money$ because of this new bill.
Welcome to the Sentimental Sundays “Anything Goes” New Year's blog hop which means that this week our challenge is "anything goes" plus a sentiment! You know you love those ones!
It is really important to me, for this project, to find out what others think of craft. I want to know what you think and to open up a discussion on the subject. Do you think craft is becoming lost among all the technology today? Is it a lost art? Do you think of yourself as a designer, craftsperson, both, none and why? (do you disagree with what I have written above?) Is it important to preserve craft and for what reasons?
When I was growing up I never missed a television episode of:
(Before my watering ritual is over, I have two other garden areas that also need to be watered. The whole process takes about 40 minutes or so, while I get breakfast and plan what work or other kind of fun I am going to do for the rest of the day.)
If not, let me introduce you. Cuisinart's Rice Plus™ Multi-Cooker with Fuzzy Logic Technology is a fancy schmancy rice cooker, and I mean that in the best possible way. Basically, it's a rice cooker that is also a slow cooker and steamer. And it has a built in brain. It's fantastic. Seriously. I can steam rice, I can steam vegetables. I can slow cook meat. I can cook just about anything I want in it, even going as far as being able to saute the food first.
*are pulling up on furniture and toys now
Ralph K. Campbell, M.D. (USA)
I'm claiming that it's insensitive and short-sighted. I do wonder if it wasn't, on some level, intentional. I mean now a lot more people are clicking over to see what the commotion is all about. They're also linking back to the article. That's good in this brave new Internet world.
And they that shall be of thee shall build the old waste places: thou shalt raise the foundations of many generations and thou shalt be called The repairer of the breach, The restorer of the path to dwell in.
Sponge rollers are the softest, but can be tight and pull. But the sponge can compress the shape of the roller and hence the result.
5. I saw a program on the telly about autism and they said….
Enjoy The Sand, & Surf!!!
I was so excited I did my chores in my pj's and rubber boots. I'm one to bundle up like an Eskimo the second cold weather sets in regardless of whether it's 4* or 40*, so the warm air felt great on my skin! We had a storm last night - supposedly because I didn't hear it even when I was up feeding the baby - but there wasn't any major damage around here. Some small towns further south weren't so lucky - a tornado ripped through downtown Newburgh. That's IN weather for ya.
There is also talk of putting Mexican citizens in Mexico on United States'
This year Widmer Brothers will release 23 different bottled beers. Or, put another way, 22 beers not named Hefeweizen. Twenty three beers! (Draft-only, festival beers, and Collaborators are not included in this tally.) If you think about those old companies that raced to early success with their flagships, none of them is close to a single-beer brewery. Sam Adams, Sierra Nevada, and New Belgium all dominate certain segments of the craft market, but they also have vast lines of 48, 17, and 25 beers, respectively.
My favourite parts: the broccoli on his nose, his fascination with the upside down bowl, and Nina the cleanup crew in the background. Feel free to pretend you don't see the dog hair in that pile of macaroni.
ATTENTION ON DECK: All Ninja minions required to report to the Ninja Captain's blog immediately . .
*sparkling frost
Peter Lyons has to support John, because it was through his work on John's campaign that Peter became friends with Chris Asselin. Yes, John and Chris are good friends, and Peter currently works with Chris thanks to John's connection. In fact, my kids tell me how much they enjoy swimming in Chris's pool with the water slide. The very same pool that was partially funded by stolen monies from city residents. The whole thing is disgusting.
12. I love your sincerity and compassion.
...But if in your fear you would seek only love's peace and love's pleasure
Smells like brown sugar, some cherry, a little banana, cinnamon, and some esteryness. Taste is surprisingly sour. Pretty dry, with a somewhat thin mouthfeel. Color is a deep brown with a quickly depleting tan head. The more I drink it, the more I get a little more sweetness, but it is completely overpowered by the sourness. The wife with her sweet tooth doesn't get much of a sourness at all. A quick check on beeradvocate broke it down well, some on my side, some on her side. I don't see where these chumps are getting all this molasses and raisins and whatnot. Some call it tart, while others call it sour. But whatever it is, I like a sweeter dubbel. Low 3 Stars/High 2 Star for me.
There is another thing that I have noticed about good investors: Most of them do not invest in stocks or financial instruments about which they do not possess a good understanding.
I enjoy watching Iron Chef on Food Network where a newbie chef cooks against a celebrity chef using the same ingredients to decide "whose cuisine reigns supreme!". That got me thinking of a similar idea for papercrafting.
Congressman Morgan Griffith released the following statement after questioning Secretary of Energy Steven Chu at today’s Energy and Power hearing on the President’s Fiscal Year 2013 budget request for the Department of Energy (DOE):
This second picture is of us again, taken much more recently, in January 2012, and this was the day after Chris proposed! We were staying in his uncle’s boat just off the island of Culebra, Puerto Rico. This picture was taken on “Flamenco Beach”, which was ranked number 2 in a list of the most exotic beaches in the world!
“Chuck was making too much noise in his cage and so I thought I would bring him down here so I could sleep.” He was scared. Adam, I mean, not Chuck. I looked around and noticed that the alarm had been set to “instant.” There was no intruder. Adam walked through one of the lazers and set off the alarm. My poor little guy.
Has anyone outside of Oz (or the UK in general) changed to the new blogger? Is anyone else having problems with accessing comments or accessing links to specific blog posts? I think I'll get my Son to back up my blog, and then try the New Look and see if my problems resolve themselves. Or get worse, as some of my Aussie friends have reported. Changing my g-mail didn't create any new issues, but didn't resolve any for me either.
Silence is a virtue, use it for your own protection
It seemed like he knew me
Service:
I love matching for Easter! It's one of my favorite things to do! And my hubby is such a good sport to wear whatever color I make, whether it is a tie or a bow tie. The hardest part is a skirt for me. There are so many great tutorials out there but my biggest hurdle was always "how do I get that thing over my not-so-small hips?" Well, I found an awesome tutorial from Sewing a Straight Line. The instructions were very easy to follow and even came with VIDEO. I added some lace at the bottom to give it a little extra kick. And guess what??? I used a BED SHEET! HA! I saved a ton on fabric costs. The bed sheet was enough for my skirt, both of the rompers for the boys, and hubby's tie, and then some!
D: Detroit~it is a city that is hurting now, but during my pre-marriage career I worked there for a few years. It was a great place to live.
Mi Roo turns her attention back to Jin Oh. Say hypothetically, she is Sofia. What business is it of Jin Oh’s? Since she’s an ex and they’re friends, he’s passing along some friendly advice. Mi Roo doesn’t need him to butt into her business. They became strangers the moment they broke up. Hurt, Jin Oh says that he’ll erase Mi Roo from his memory but she throws it back into his face. So he can’t forget her because he loved her THAT much? Ouch.
We finished with a little copy cat jambette, me doing it first and him copying me. I didn't know if he would do it as we've never done it this way before, but he made a good attempt. I was very careful to only reward the ones I'd asked for and not the voluntary ones!
Murphy: the liberal versions of Rush Limbaugh
One day I dream of doing something similar for others. Here's my pie in the sky dream...
Well, I'm pretty sure at this point that I am myself. Myself, with an award to pass on. And so, without further ado or delay, here are the second five recipients of the Versatile Blogger
All three stories are rich with detail and languages, and “Hatchling” takes its inspiration from Zoroastrian texts and legends. Taylor’s husband, Jim Di Bartolo illustrates all three stories with beautiful drawings, but I found these somewhat distracting, as they are clumped before each story and show the progression of the narrative before you’ve even read it. I think it would have been more effective to intersperse them throughout.
He refused to comment on whether the Chinese government still considered Australia a safe place for Chinese students to study. The outrage among the students community is still brewing and Fairfax Media understands that more than 3000 students have signed a petition and are considering the option of staging a rally. A Chinese mother from Nanjiang expressed her concern over the safety of her child studying in Australia and she said she was “extremely concerned about the safety issue over there. It breaks my heart to hear about my child’s fear of going home after dark.”
Well, I am here to admit that Ms. Arend shut me up on that, brilliantly! Matt and Hope are so perfect together! She gives as good as she gets, she's no floormat with either Matt or her sister. She's independent, a fighter, and she's not throwing herself at Matt at every chance she can get! He did the chasing!! And boy was it entertaining!!!! Watching him trying to out-do the other guy.
So instead of making teapots, which I'd have loved to be doing today, I was getting very wet, pumping out industrial buildings after a humongous downpour.
So, a question to you guys and girls reading this: should I read them? Or may I indulge my secret desire to re-read one of Tamora Pierce’s Tortall books without feeling guilty?
Or, like I do *above* use a nice good baking tray on a long burner (or two burners) of your stove. Basically, you want as large a surface as possible to prevent clogage, difficult stirring and, oh, burning the whole darn thing. Cook until fruit is soft, about 10 minutes. Maybe 20. Depends on the size of your strawberries and how berry-y you want the jam. I chose really super soft, 20 minutes.
(I am sure this is how I sound to the class)
I realized something on Friday. Just before my epiphany, I had lifted the arm weights, done my sit ups, set the bike up to all my adjustments, and crawled on. I set my music and began to pedal. Just as I was getting into the rhythm of the music and the ride, a guy got on the bike next to me.
Nothing quite screams out "Summer is on its way!" more than the appearance of the Poinciana flowers. I've been very pleased to see these gorgeous red flowers this year. Last summer none of my Poincianas bloomed much at all, but that was probably as a direct result of the rather out-of-the-ordinary rain we received during our supposedly 'dry' season. Poincianas like the dry and they seem to bloom so much better when the dry season is very, very dry.
Below, a sample of what you’ll find in local public school textbooks.
I have lamented often on this blog about the evils of Facebook. It has gotten me in trouble more than once and I am certain that multiple people on their have me blocked.
When Angels Come to Town ... Hallmark Channel ... 12 AM
The Viking: There's something wrong with the baby. We don't know what yet, but we're having tests done. It might be something so severe that we'll have to terminate the pregnancy.
By this point, the story had exploded. The suspiciously timed release of the McFadyen e-mail led Brodhead to demand Coach Mike Pressler’s resignation. The latter act, of course, could not be seen as consistent with an administration devoted to upholding the presumption of innocence for its students.
I am a firm believer in proper preparation, in setting out a mis en place. Cooking is dead easy, even if one lacks the skill and imagination to devise your own recipe. Here are two easy steps to follow for a reasonable stab at success:
Wyllys-St. John's Lodge No. 4
Leave the cucumber to drain for about 30 minutes then rinse it with cold water and dry it well with paper towels or with a tea towel.
I am currently still skill building for starting a business, and starting in April I plan to start shooting for my portfolio. I haven't done any sessions since about 2 months before Lance was born and have some practice sessions lined up to bring myself back up to speed, so watch out for that! I am so excited to jump back in and have some fun! More to come!
I gave up on getting to Maryland in time for the events that had set our timeline. My cousin's band was playing at a favorite little cafe, and a dear friend was having her last big birthday party in Maryland before moving to Chicago. Yes, these are the kinds of things that fill our sails and set our "un-schedule". Why not?
Though you would have to work with Fergie and the god awful Black eyed peas.
Please do what is right.
Reginald winced a tired smile. The wounds will heal. The pain will be forgotten. He followed after Bertie, purring loudly to himself, “Reginald and Bertie – Conquerors of the Mount Doom, that’s what they’ll be saying, Bertie,” Reginald murmured, “even after we are long gone, our story will live on.”
The evening comes to a halt, everyone starts making a move home or a make their final move on the evening’s flirts. Tall Irishman steps in again wanting to take his chances with me, I vehemently state that he really was after my friend and I am the scraps, he vehemently denies this. I think ‘ why not, he’s kind of handsome in a charming smiley way, go for it’. So we take company to the train station, through the alleyway, which in my (distant past) experience is a great place for a tease and a kiss and I’m not wrong. He stops, grabs my hand, leans against the wall and brings me close to him. He tries to kiss me but I like that electric moment before a kiss, I savour that moment by keeping my distance. He calls me a tease with a charming smile, I giggle seductively and I come closer again. He pulls me in even closer and I continue to keep the distance after our lips have gently caressed. We breathe the electricity. He takes my face in his warm large smooth carpenter’s hands and now teases me with his lips then finally we kiss – mmm, lovely lovely! Then he takes my hand, he has strong wonderful warm hands, as I’ve already mentioned, and we walk off into the sunset…… never to see each other again, we never exchanged numbers, it was not to be. Never mind, tonight is another night and I have a date with someone else!
Like the "problem novels" of the same time period, where divorce or diversity or eating disorders were the hot-button issues identified via "worst-case scenario" set ups, novels depicting religion in the past put it on a pedestal to be analyzed, and then proceeded to pass judgement. Young adult fiction overall has moved away from that interaction with subject matter. Today's successful, mainstream novels lack a preachy, judgmental tone, and avoid coming up with conclusions FOR the readers. But, that doesn't mean there are no novels discussing faith seriously - what Rilke described in Letter to a Young Poet as "Living the questions…along some distant day into the answers…." There are all manner of novels living the questions to varying degrees - and they cover Christianity of all stripes, Judaism, the Muslim faith, and the agnostic stance. What they do NOT provide is an answer - it's the question that's important, please take note.
Ogilvy North American Chairman-CEO John Seifert represents the crème de la culturally clueless on Madison Avenue. He is among the leaders who publicly declare a commitment to diversity, yet personally and professionally don’t do a damn thing to address the situation. Rather, guys like Seifert wring their hands and furrow their brows, feigning deep concern when asked to comment on the subject.
What they don’t largely take responsibility for is the path they are sending their families on. Remember they want to provide shelter, guidance, food, spiritual growth and unconditional love to them, just like the rest of us. The unfortunate reality is the streets create killers, their sensitivity and sense of responsibility is greatly diminished. They will kill without remorse and than go home to momma, and drop her a stack of cash or they will lay up with the “baby momma” that gets their attention for the night. They create babies that will be searching for them night after night because, again they are not there. They are largely incarcerated, laying up with the other “baby momma”, dead or simply not taking responsibility to be there.
We acknowledge this will happen. But the constraints listed above will not simply go away because we don’t like them. We will address them as quickly and efficiently as possible, and we hope that in doing so, the number of people who die needlessly will be minimalized. We hope that in doing so, we will not make unecessary mistakes that cost the lives of innocents.
where it starts getting interesting - "Congress also resolved that the SACP in the Province should be in contact with the Party at a national level to monitor the growing threats that there could be attacks on senior party leaders and their families especially in this province in
As much as possible the patrons are included as part of the show - as yet another traveler who's come to enjoy the pleasures of the fair. What we offer is something lacking in modern life; the opportunity to do more than passively receive entertainment through an electric box; at the fair the audience is able interact with its entertainment - to engage in make-believe in a lively, dynamic and safe environment wherein they have an effect on the outcome of any encounter. They laugh and play and lose themselves in the illusion without realizing they're actually being taught some history in the process.
Whatever you may think of the current Royal family (and I personally an cautiously optimistic about the two princes) one could not help but marvel at the massive crowds of English men and women crowding the streets of our capital, as they have done for 1,000 years, their hearts swelling with an innate sense of their heritage and cheering for even the least impressive of our nation's monarchs.
One other thing that happened was a girl who had come back from Australia was in the taxi and when she got into town she handed me €24 for a €12 fare and told me to keep the change!
I didn't add any top coat for the pictures because I wasn't sure I actually liked the colour combination and I had to remove it straight after the pics anyway. I think you still get a good idea of how awesome Bling It! is though!!!
Mentally the Life Circle has given me a way to focus on goals and work out what I really want from them and how I'm going to achieve them. Its also allowed me to realise which ones are actually achievable before I start on them and waste time and energy that I could use for those goals I can achieve. I suppose its given me more clarity of thought.
The price is freakin’ AWESOME! They cost a little more than the Liquid LipShines, which I also love. And I find that this product, minus the “up to 8 hours” wear claim, compares to other mid-high end brands.
Angela’s stress relief was Elvis, with twice annual trips to Memphis for Elvis birthday and anniversary of death. Angela joined fan clubs and became a friend to some of the people in the fan club. She had Elvis wine, coffee cups, wine glasses, collector plates, CD’s, collector pictures, books and subscribed to Elvis radio.
it will be a nice week with isaac though. hopefully a fairly slow one, just me & him & daniel. & some doctors.
You won't see her sitting in the front rows at fashion week, nor will you see her splashed across the tabloids Starbucks in hand. More likely than not, you won't see very much of her unless you're into hot rod shows and mens mags. Nevertheless, there is something about her I find captivating and worthy of a good dose of Jean Paul Gaultier. Perhaps the designers showing at this years fashion week should have given Max a call and avoided the runway carnage aka the Stitt Storm. Either way, I predict you'll be seeing a lot more of Miss Max's style in the shops this season.
I am linking up this post with Midlife Single Mum's very imaginative Art I Heart meme. The idea is that you choose one piece of art you feel drawn to and write a short story about it. Although in this case it was three pictures and long rambling prose.
Leah Findley is the sheriff’s widow, trying to make ends meet for herself and her son. Having the new minister as a boarder will help, but she isn’t expecting him to be wounded when he arrives. And she definitely isn’t expecting the feelings that the new preacher stirs deep inside her.
A rose is what Moses supposes his toes is
Acts 17:26
We have a full range of self adhesive pearls and flourishes that co-ordinate with this range too. There are lots of beautiful colours available at a great value price too.
So next time your plane is delayed, or your luggage lost -- you'll know what to say! Still, I hope you won't need to use these :)
I am an author, business and life coach and Certified Hypnotherapist. I work with groups and individuals to assist them to achieve greater joy and success in their life and work. I have written a book about joy and now have a Joy and Success Product Line.
When she finished, she picked his head up and smiled at him again. “Now, I don’t know if you have children of your own young man, but if you do, anytime they need you, just remember that song.”
So there you go. You should buy our beer, because doing so marks you out as a discerning individual who won't buy into all their BS. I'm telling you.
“… clearly the UN should intervene in Darfur. It’s a pretty bad situation out there.”
and GET THAT SEXY BACK!
As teens Lori and I wrote endless poetry together, but she has continued to work on her craft and grow as a poet, while I have veered in other directions (she has also forked and veered, but has taken her poetry with her).
Knowing how to yield is strength.
My parents and I drove over on Saturday morning via I-90. It was a surprisingly easy drive, especially after we got out of the east King County cluster and up and over the pass.
“Workers ' management sounds attractive, but that management would face the same problems as the Beaverbrook management.” Is that true? It would not face baying shareholders demanding shareholder value. Its workers might well decide to forego their share of dividends, in order to hold on to their jobs, for instance. Workers might also decide not to plough back all of their profits into an expansion of Capital, aware that Capitalism is a system prone to cycles. They might decide to act like Pharaoh in the Bible, and lay aside funds for the lean years. A private Capitalist has no such incentive, because they are unconcerned about laying off workers in the lean years, other than to the extent that re-employing and retraining them would increase the costs.
Whenever I wanted ribbon, I had to move things around to get to the big glass jar.
I thanked Fergie for her kind words and watched her trot away with her chauffeur. I didn’t expect to hear from her again, so it came as a great a surprise when a letter arrived a week later with royal insignia on the envelope. It was from Fergie, who had been given the job of sounding me out on the award of a knighthood before departing for the Congo. Although I greatly appreciated this gracious gesture, I knew at once that I would have to decline. The problem was the likely reaction in the community I would shortly be joining.
Typing, Holding things, Many household chores, Bathing, Dressing, Cooking, these are all things that are slightly more challenging to do without Lefty.
Perhaps sensing a potential drift toward the middle of the road, Mugison spends the rest of Mugiboogie alternating between sharp rights and lefts, even going so far as to adopt a Cookie Monster growl on twin tribal-metal freak-outs "I'm Alright" and "Two Thumb Sucking Son of a Boyo" - both of which can be read as either the external manifestation of his preacher persona's inner demons, or just an easy way to endear himself to Ipecac boss Mike Patton. But he also reveals himself to be a Harry Nilsson-like pop maverick that, for all of Mugison's eager-to-please affectations, is ultimately his most naturally pleasing mode, as evinced by the falsettoed broom-swept barfly blues of "The Animal" or the glockenspieled lullaby "George Harrison", a heartfelt appeal to live by the late Beatle's example, complete with gently weeping guitar slides. However, it's the centerpiece orchestro-folk ballad "Deep Breathing" that truly rewards your humoring Mugison's various whims: it's a plea for patience that feels like an interior address to the singer's own scatterbrained psyche, his pulse calmed by a wondrous string arrangement that sends the song heavenward without overwhelming it - proof that Mugison need not act like a preacher to make you a believer.
Since the Danish elections of 2001, when the current ruling party gained power, Denmark’s welfare policies for immigrants have remained strict and uninviting by European standards. Denmark has an immigrant population, but it is not growing, and Muslim immigrants from other parts of Europe do not find it an attractive destination.
Shaving is another casualty of the ‘lifestyle’. Whether and when it happens is now dictated by a convergence of all of the following: time, energy, availability of water and razors. It is a rare occurrence.
The excuse often is time, know-how, or they just feel it is not necessary. No doubt about it, planning is hard work. It involves thinking and thinking is hard work. In essence, planning is solving future problems before they occur, making decisions, speculating on the future (both far and near), setting objectives (long and short range), considering alternatives, and making choices. Planning for the future requires flexibility to cope with the unexpected. You must set timetables and establish priorities; decide on the methods to be used and the people who will be involved. You must analyze the existing situation, formulate and apply targets, logic, and creativity to all details in between.
Bright and colorful this whole meal pleased the eyes as well as the palate.
Striking, cutting-edge and always with a total uniqueness every piece brings with it, Mawi stands for futuristic trending and shapes as well as high qualitatively, traditional details of the past. Its richness in facets can be clearly seen and as I got the chance to visit London Fashion Week, I had a closer look at the various pieces of Mawi's collection at their exhibition stand. My personal affinity to purism pulling a statement in their play between past, present and future, has been meeting all of my expactations Mawi has given when you're spotting a single piece the first time. It is hard to put Mawi's motivation on the right words, but as I can see, the playground of the London based label is definitely a balanced mixture of various contradictions. That is most probably the point that keeps the world's finest department stores attracted to the label that involves the different zones of Mawi's clientel. That glamour every piece reflects with an edgy and dark tone catches everybody, if only for the pure look given by others clearly saying "where the hell did she get that amazing ring/necklace/earring/whatever from?!!". I had to keep countenance (for my owns sake obviously), that's why I didn't start freaking out completely when I spotted all the pieces (I just got to see on Polyvore and thick vitrines of Harrods and Harvey Nichols before) when I visited Fashion Week's exhibition rooms for all the buyers and press.
Folding: Criss cross card
At great risk to himself, his family and a wide network of brave supporters, Chen has been delivered safely into our Embassy. Meanwhile, members of his family and key supporters have been beaten or detained.
and the successes and downfalls you experience
So here we tackle visa issues, what dream guest we’d have on (with no option of refusal), whether we need digital advertising, the drivers license test in Sweden, bullies, Cheez-Its versus Cheese Nips, whether the nature of the machine corrupts potentially good Presidents, if product placement has become the creeping Kudzu of all potentially cool things ... and why we don’t have a Facebook fan page. (Yet? Dunno.)
That feeling I got after the curtain fell on the same blue projection that opened Robert Lepage's new production of Richard Wagner's Ring cycle was akin to the feeling of seeing the end of a beloved television serial: sadness that there would be no more adventures in this mythical world of gods and humans. It has been a fun ride, spending four nights at the Metropolitan Opera House, immersing myself in this universe, basking in the glory of Wagner's beautiful music. As for the much-disputed Lepage production: Though I might have had reservations about it in Das Rheingold, by Siegfried I had become used to "The Machine," creaky noises and all; you could say I developed a certain affection toward the contraption. So I don't feel like complaining too loudly about Lepage botching the supposed moment of wonder Siegfried encounters at the top of the mountain before reawakening Brünnhilde in the third act of Siegfried, or his underwhelming visualization of the climactic immolation and destruction of Valhalla at the end of Götterdämerung. For me, the successes—especially with most of the scene-setting video projections and the way Lepage had his singers interact with them—far outweighed the duds. As I suggested in my comments on Das Rheingold in this previous artistic consumption log, I don't begrudge the cranky classical-music critics that have leveled withering criticisms at this production; they have far more context than I do when it comes to assessing Ring productions, I'm sure. But, for the most part, I was fine with the Lepage Ring. Maybe this is yet another case of critics assessing a work of art based more on its cost ($16 million, which apparently is prohibitive in staged opera production?) than on what is actually onstage; maybe this Lepage Ring will one day be considered the opera equivalent of Heaven's Gate (1980) and Ishtar (1987)—films that were greeted with scathing press upon its disastrous theatrical releases as much for their costly productions as for the films themselves. Or maybe I'm just trying to justify the whopping $700 I paid for this experience. Whatever; to me, these were good times.
City did well to frustrate Rooney but in truth United didn’t help themselves in this regard. Kompany marked him tightly and followed him into false 9 territory. Rooney forced to drop deeper and deeper to escape him and the central pairing of Gareth Barry and Toure and City effectively shepherded him away from dangerous positions.
Like I’m running away.
After the base was finished, the fun began by decking out my creation! First, here's a peek at the finished/closed card! You can see, I cut out my image with an oval die, sponged on ink, did some paper piercing and then matted on a heart and scalloped heart die cut shape. I did cut the heart in half and matted half on one side of my fold and half on the other. The oval was attached to ONLY the left side flap.
So today, I had another mock and got feedback from two from last week. I was one mark off an A in my psychology, so very happy indeed but I can most definitely improve on it. My other paper, I got an A in one essay and a B in the other so I got a B over all, which considering I only revised half of it I was pretty happy with. The thing is I am actually doing revision not just thinking about it. For example today I turned up to psychology revision, I also over the past three days studied the whole course for my mock today. When I think of it in small chunks it makes it feel much more approachable and achievable. So in between the gym, the work is being done and the results are showing. So hopefully this can continue until the real exam!
MARBLE HALL: Farmer shoots at armed trespassers – both drown trying to get away.
Being a spiritual seeker, my obligation is to see the glass more than half-full when I examine the nature of such a complex and powerful
Wonder how many of you out there have had self inflicted injury from extreme writing? I am available to make comforting remarks in sympathy.
1. When Payday Rolls Around
The next day we also went to Harajuku & Shibuya - so much to explore still!
Florida was nice for a change from New England, my latest blogs covered the wildlife there, no, not the latest Girls Gone Wild, but the non cute, fuzzy animals roaming the state.
And yet I’m not sold on it. My pores look the same as they always have and always will do. My skin looks no more even than it did before. I can’t pass judgement on wrinkles obviously... And then they go and whack in a fairly strong fragrance too. It’s a little bit reminiscent of cucumber but really quite noticeable. If you have dry skin, £57 for 30ml is in your budget and you don’t mind strong fragrances you might like this. If you’re expecting a miracle cure for enlarged pores I wouldn’t hold my breath.
And marketing a book is really hard and time-consuming work. I've heard so many non-writers advising authors having difficulty getting published to do it themselves with ebooks. Of course, they're thinking of Amanda Hocking, who has become a millionaire through her self-published young adult vampire ebooks, but it's interesting to learn in a recent Guardian article that she 'became so burned out by the stress of solo publishing' that she has now turned to a traditional publisher, and to hear what she herself has to say on the matter. I read elsewhere that she wants to be a writer again, the implication being that being a sole publisher left her no time to write, and The Guardian reports:
It is but a convenient fiction that there was a specific "Labour policy" on immigration. Increasingly, there is only an EU policy, with ministers falling over themselves to pretend they are in control ... even to the extent, as here, of denying that there is a problem at all. The truth, though - it would seem - is that the UK Border Agency is short of staff.
with scents that bring back memories of grandmas and mothers who often picked a big bouquet and set them in the dinning area or beside their beds so they could enjoy the beauty of such fragrant and beautiful flowers.
MySpace is dead and sold – for just $20Million, a fifth of the asking price. Rupert Murdoch lost Newscorp shareholders $580 million investing in and then completely mismanaging it. It was his first and only foray into social media, and the thing with these products is, putting up firewalls isn’t a good idea. The Digger isn’t good with anything that’s free or open.
We all know the basic story. Alice’s adventures have become a part of pop culture. The rock group Jefferson Airplane released a hit single “White Rabbit” on their 1967 record Surrealistic Pillow, and the Quantum Physics / New Age movie What the Bleep Do We Know?! (2004) was enhanced and expanded in a 2006 version called What the Bleep!?: Down the Rabbit Hole.
...So Romney has won 56% of all of the delegates that have been chosen so far. Normally that would be considered a strong performance, but Mitt struggles to get respect from the commentariat.... But by historic standards, there is no reason to scoff at Romney’s performance so far. After Super Tuesday in 2008, John McCain had won 740 of the 1,235 delegates that had been selected, or 60%. On the Democratic side, Barack Obama had a hair over 50% of the delegates, leading Hillary Clinton 965-951. Were reporters then talking about the Democratic contest “plodding on” as Obama “failed to land a knockout blow?” Of course not: they thought the contest was a thrilling one, because they liked both candidates.
I decided I needed a pregnant, unregistered (i.e. cheap) Nigerian dwarf doe between the ages of 2 of 5 who had already given birth at least once. Chickens may lay eggs without a rooster, but does won’t make milk without hungry kids to feed. I’m certainly not ready to own a buck and finding one to borrow would be a hassle. First births are the most difficult, and I’d rather not have to assist the doe. I’d prefer a doe who wasn’t milking at the moment (I’d rather to get to know a girl before getting that “intimate”) but had been milked before. The more she knows about this whole process the better. One rookie’s better than two.
