How could you have stopped this?
Sift the flour, baking powder, salt and ginger into a large bowl and set aside.
A crafter from the time I was a small child. My love of crafting has developed into a passion for making Artist Original Bears, Scrapbooking, making fascinators and hair accessories, as well as dabbling in other bits and pieces such as making the occasional small bag. I craft on a budget. Try and reuse and recycle where I can (I wish I lived closer to a big reverse cycle garbage type place). In truth I play when I craft. It is such an adventure. Often do not spend time looking for tutorials and tips online preffering to meander though in my own way. After all if you do not know the rules then you have no problems breaking all of them. Have to be honest and say I truly love being pushed out of my creative comfort zone, as it is in those moments that you have to stretch yourself and your imagination that often you create the most amazing works of art.
and make the stones weep,
By the time they realise that Paul McCartney doesn’t now look the same as he did when he was 21 and is as old as their granddad it won’t matter because their understanding of the world will by default have ungraded their own mythologies as their reality changes as they grow.
Regarding US Military “security” in Afghanistan. The ONLY security they will ever have is when they LEAVE the country. Afghans will not accept a foreign occupation, no matter how it’s packaged. Period. End of story. An Occupation army does NOT deserve security.
The historical record of conquest and violence by believers in their ONE true god (monotheism) is well-known (and well documented) and need not be repeated here. What is of interest to the non-believer, especially those accustomed to the democratic nature of Polytheism, is why this belief arose. Speaking about the Islamic faith, some historians opine that it was in reality a pan-Arabism which was seeking legitimacy through a religious belief.
*Shoe size is a 5. You have such little feet
By the time I got to Dibida around 2 p.m., many of the businesses in Dibida were also closed or about to close up early. My friend there told me that the shooting I’d heard in Quartier du Fleuve before noon was related to a foreign mercenary who had been killed.
A compromise model that emerged from an all-party taskforce of a CA sub-committee to resolve disputes was a so-called mixed “French system.” The President would be elected by the people and would take charge of foreign and defence policy; the Prime Minister would be elected by the legislature and be responsible for day-to-day administration. It satisfies the Maoist demand for a directly elected executive, while imposing reasonable checks. But this has drawn criticism on the ground that having dual centres of power will lead to conflict and policy paralysis. Another possible compromise is that of a directly elected Prime Minister, as suggested by the UML and some NC leaders, checked by the presidency and Parliament.
“Well, the stuff that has become more commercial doesn’t have any edge.” – Iggy Pop
This one is simple. I started with my vision because I am an unabashed bibliophile. I love books. I love magazines. I love newspapers. I love journals. I love libraries. I love bookstores. I love garage sales where they sell books.
This Friday we have The 44's at 10:30 p.m. with the Bobby Bluehouse Band at 8:00 p.m.
Jeanne would never allow me to say no to any of her dreams or designs that she had with the Quacker Factory trips. If there was something she wanted to add to a cruise program and I thought there was no way it could be done, Jeanne would say to me, “David, I don’t want to hear it can’t be done.”
We’ll have a cash bar with fine craft beers from Live Oak, Real Ale, Dogfish Head, Avery, Lagunitas, and others! Also, free Maine Root root beer available!
Heaven is the sound of her breathing deep
No thanks.
McDonald JC, Lavoie J, Coté R, McDonald AD. Chemical exposures at work in early pregnancy and congenital defect: a case-referent study. Br J Ind Med 1987; 44: 527-533.
as for her “fragile” psyche – and her anxiety attacks – I told her once before, her f’ing “anxiety” attacks are probably caused by her fear that because of all the shit she’s done to people, she’s probably scared that someone will come and punch her lights out. And she deserves a good ass kicking! But she ain’t worth me going to jail over. So rest assured, Joni bitch – you don’t have to fear for your life from ME or GERT. As to the other people you fucked over – I can’t answer for them. And yes, she has fucked over other people. by the way Joan, when I showed John the letter where you said he got the next door neighbor pregnant, he was ready to go over to your house and kick your ass.
Scott got the .22 and took care of Dinner. Seemed like the thing to do at the time, but in hindsight, this too may have been a bad idea.
1 Dec 2008: Publication of report on crucial Australian research on plain packaging. Wakefield M, Germain D, Durkin S. How does increasingly plainer cigarette packaging influence adult smokers’ perceptions about brand image? An experimental study. Tobacco Control 2008;17(6):41621.
~Dead and Gone
So Twitter is responding to George Zimmerman’s father’s interview on Fox with perhaps the most equitable inappropriate and funny hashtag I’ve seen in quite some time. I don’t find it myself laughing as much as I am appreciating the complete dearth of credibility in George Zimmerman’s story. I’m hopeful for an arrest soon provided that is not the end of the story.
The spotty sleep can be a terrible problem on the road. I've spent many a night wandering the grounds of a European squat house looking for a sliver of light to read. Or sat in a room, zombie-like, staring to the middle distance surrounded by slumbering bodies. Or pretending to be dead in a moving bus bunk. Less options for distraction on tour, in the middle of the night anyway.
I am officially now "The Vintage B." I was inspired to transition to "Vintage B" since it has been a nickname I've used for years and I feel like it just fits...in short, it's me. :0)
So now I'm left thinking what those 5 words would be for my entire home. Do you know what your 5 words would be?
by yours truly...
Memo to all my real-life friends: Get cooler. And fast.
* Now, moving slowly and gently place a dish in the water and rub the cloth across the surface of it, over and over again.
With no other front-runners in the title race, for a neutral, this derby is shaping up to be something quite spectacular. United have characteristically made things difficult for themselves by giving up a tremendous comeback lead.
Based on a Benedictine model, the Community of St. Mary adheres to a simple monastic life centered around prayer, reflection, and service. From tumultuous beginnings, including an uphill battle against the established positions of the Church on monastic orders in general, the CSM eventually flourished after being widely recognized for the selfless acts of its Sisters in service to the community. It is the oldest indigenous Anglican order in the New World, and the first monastic body constituted by the Episcopal Church since the dissolution of monasteries in the 16th century.
But that's not why I called this meeting.
I was working picking strawberries and came up with enough money for a bus ticket to my sister's in Kelowna. I left him without notice, without confrontation with 2 boxes of belongings packed, starting life all over again.
Knead the dough again for 2 mins and divide into 8 small lemon size balls. Roll each ball in to 1" inch round and put the stuffing and close the edges.Do this with rest of the balls.Take each ball and slowly flatten them in to medium thick flat bread.Use flour for rolling.Heat a tava in medium flame and cook the paratha till brown spots appear on both sides.Brush with ghee and enjoy!!
I will keep my eye on the prize.
Eight years ago, I gave birth to my first daughter. She was greatly anticipated well before her arrival. You see, when I met my husband Michael, he was already the father to a little boy. Then, we got married and had another boy two months later (you do the math--I was a pregnant bride). And another. And another. And another.
I still owe my friend for her sponsorship, but at least I no longer have to waste the better part of my Saturday at some ridiculous all-day traning seminar, which she on Wednesday told me was canceled.
It's been a while since I took any photos outside, so I thought I'd get a little practice in.
The scandal mirrors what happened at Mid Staffordshire foundation trust - a much bigger trust than Basildon - where 400 people died over three years.
It's bad enough when a customer stiffs you on a tip for a round or two, but what if a customer repeatedly stiffs you on every single round that they order? How I handle the situation all depends on the bar I am working at. Sometimes bars and restaurants have a strict policy about customer service. They fumble over themselves doing whatever it takes to make the customer happy. That means that when a customer doesn't tip, there isn't much you can do or say. You just have to accept it and hope that the next customer does tip.
For this layout I used MS punches for the borders of the green and the pink paper. Lots of Prima flowers... my favorites! If you are in the area, you can stop by ESS and check them out in person.
Stick around my friends, stick around.
“I’m not sure. It’s unclear… I see a girl, a daughter…”
I have yet in 80 posts on my "still adolescent blog" compared to some I follow,
For The Pizza
NOT IT!
Then stir in the tofu, salt and turmeric, keep stiring so that the spices are distributed throughout.Cover and cook for 4-5 min. until the tofu is heated through.
where I've always wanted some ~
But when, defeated and tired,
3/6 - pepperoni (Draw pepperonis on any 3 of the 6 yellow slices)
- 6x6 cm ‘Buroni’ format (Bronica - 120 in Japan) for a 56 x 56 mm exposure.
However, the story held my attention throughout and while I had to suspend my disbelief on occasion, I did find the book extremely readable. The writing flowed well and drew me in completely. My favourite parts, and the sections that were most believeable, were the scenes with Steven and his family. These parts were upseting because they portrayed such a realistic view of a family heading towards meltdown. Lettie has been let down by men all of her life – her childrens’ father is out of the picture, and her children are used to seeing a succession of ‘uncles’ – and she seems to love her younger son more than she loves Steven. His nan spends all of her days looking out of the window waiting for the return of a son who is never coming back. Steven himself is either picked on or completely ignored at school, and his one friend Lewis, takes advantage of him constantly. It was no surprise to me to read the author’s note where she said that the book was originally going to be about a boy and his family, and the impact which a 20 year old murder had had on them, rather than a psychological thriller involving a serial killer.
I would like to offer this to my wordpress followers. If you or someone you know needs help with a bad habit or an addiction, I will provide my services at a 20% discount and it will be completely confidential. My e-mail is Freefullife@gmail.com and I always respond in less than 24 hours.
Of course, there are plenty of extraordinarily talented people out there who are capable of solving the great issues of our time. What I see most people my age doing instead is convincing themselves, day after day, that their job is not merely satisfying, but meaningful. They delude themselves because staring truth in the face is too painful and too frightening. They come up with clever nicknames for themselves like “coding ninja” or “copywriting ninja.” It’s a way for them to imbue banal, meaningless work with artificial, self-created value. Without it, they’d be starting out into the abyss.
EDIT 3/6: I clarified the language in the "white privilege" paragraph and took down the owner's picture. Definitely want to make clear this is not about identity politics--it's about images and representation.
Wouldn't you have rather had honesty? Honesty really is a gift.
Before BuzzFlash joined Truthout, it also offered progressive premiums. Perhaps the most popular, with literally hundreds ordered, was Charles Pierce’s “Idiot America: How Stupidity Became a Virtue in the Land of the Free.“
The Permanent Representatives Committee (PRC) of the AU meeting scheduled for 24 September 2008 to prepare for the Africa Diaspora Conference was also postponed.
5) Take the outside end from each of the singles to start plying.
Bingo.
And that's how I spent my Saturday. I have a few feet of steel bar - 12L14 a general purpose alloy that machines easily. First, I cut a long enough bar to machine what you see there, then turned the large and small diameters. Next, I cut the threads on the stud portion with single point threading on the lathe. I used the replacement from Savage to test the 12-32 threads I cut - they thread together fine (I don't have any other 12-32 hardware, and it's always reassuring to check threads you've cut). The only things left to do in the morning are thread the internal hole in the steel with the Midway tap, and put a screw driver slot in it (visible bottom left in that picture). I'll have more info tomorrow.
Put the nori sheet under the grill for a few seconds on each side to crisp up. Keep an eye on it, it burns! Crumble or chop the nori into the processor with the rest of the ingredients and blend until incorporated but still a bit chunky. Season with a little salt (the seaweed is salty) and pepper stir in and taste. You may want to add more lemon juice or pickled onion. It’s up to your taste buds. Store in the fridge.
“Robyn! No!” I pulled my hand out of her grip at last. “What about what mum said? What about noon?”
A singer once, I now am fain to weep.
“No,” said Olivia; “I was searched just before I entered the court house.”
* exclude: win
And now I am salivating.
1/2 English cucumber, seeded, thinly slice
I did my best and the section does look a whole lot better now. I ended up pulling out quite a few baby Delonix regia or Poinciana trees as well. They had literally sprung up everywhere. They can also become a big nuisance and take over very quickly. They're very very hardy in this climate.
Legal observers say the Spanish lawsuit has a better chance of ending in charges. The high court, on which Garzón sits, has more leeway than the German prosecutor to seek "universal jurisdiction".
Regardless of where worldly saints attempt to gather such a notion, they site Christ as the source.
I'm tired of feeling a furrowed brow over my eyes as I go about trying to accomplish what I need to in a day.
A year or so later, I was picked up by another officer. There was a court hearing and this time they sent me to juvenile detention, and after a day or two, they suddenly put me on a flight to North Carolina. They said they were sending me back to where I had grown up. When I got there, an officer took me to an old country home way out in the woods. A plump lady came to the dirty screen door to let me in, and she and the caseworker talked softly on the front steps for a few minutes.
Matthew 12:14-21
ivohu krum yuwaziya
Obviously, if you had been discussing classical philosophy somewhere else you would expect someone to point out that it was in fact Heraclitus who first made the remark about foreign cheeses and sell-by dates you erroneously accredited to Pythagoras, without the slightest embarrassment and you could have laughed it off, made an apology and moved on. But supermarket checkout queues are not that forgiving, remember the armed siege that broke out in Littlehampton Safeway back in the 1980s when someone with nine items attempted to enter the 6 items or less (sic) queue?
My all-time favorite use of a monogram is when couples use lighting to project their monogram on their dance floor, but since I knew that could get costly I never had my heart set on it. The good news is I think our first names written out, in lowercase letters, are adorable together and I’m thinking of putting them on our Welcome Bags along with the date of the wedding for all of our OOTG. I can’t wait to get started on DIYing! I think there’s going to be a lot of T&E first… (trial and error).
It wasn’t long before I got an email from the little miss… who was
This is Stoic virtue. As Nietzsche clearly saw, this is hardly the Christian ‘otherworldlyism’ in which this world is devalued, and some other world valued over life here and now, in the manner which Hadot rightly criticizes in his otherwise beloved Neoplatonics. The Stoics have what today we would call an “immanent” ethics, one which doesn’t have some standard of good or evil that would be transcendent of this world. Rather, there is only one world, of which the gods and spirits were a part, and any ethics derives immanently from what’s here.
5) Blog Post Comments - Comments are a good sign of how engaging your blog post is. You can also encourage conversation by asking an intriguing question at the end of your posts to help stir up debate.
Persons with disablities appear to have been a recurring the motif in Kim’s oeuvre, stemming perhaps from his experience as a filmmaker for the USIS during the Korean War, where he must have witnessed many such casualties. In this film, he handles them with a refreshing realism and lack of affectation. The sets and makeup are spectacular, as is the set of the Sacred Peak that Kim reserves until toward the film’s breathtaking finale. The adult Guryong is performed by Kim Jin-kyu, who also starred in some of Shin Sang-ok’s finest movies and Jeon Young-sun, the saccharine daughter in Mother and Guest, also has a small but affecting role.
Gods are always fond of plants and foods which their devotees like, are benefitted by and have access to.
The Stamping Boutique is sponsoring Gingersnap Creations Challenge to use baby wipes on your creation. I used baby wipes to create my background paper. And the theme is childhood joys, and I have always had fond memories of my rocking horse - so that's how I choose today's image.
My other good new is that Bj co-owner of Cheery Lynn Dies wants to have my Flowers at the booth she will be at no 15 Creative Scrapbooking at the Scrapbooking and Paper Craft Convention and Expo in June at the Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre Southbank.I am very honoured and excited to have them on display.
Pictures from my photoshoot with Hailey coming this week!
1/3 c. feta cheese
O LORD, I am your servant;
She told me that the boy who calls her names did it again today and I’ve tried to gently emphasise that she must tell someone at school when it happens as her teacher did not believe me last night. I’ve got absolutely no reason to believe D would – or could – lie about this.
Duke out.
I accept ARCs, finished copies, and audiobooks. If the book is a part of a series, then I may need the previous books. If you are requesting an audiobook review, then I will require a print copy of the book as well (unless I have already reviewed the print version). In the case of audiobooks, there will be two reviews: one for the story, and another reviewing the reader/audio performance.
-Sheamus signals for the brogue…..HE HITS IT…1..2..THREE!
If the kids run out of places to play outside, they can always play inside, like in the kitchen sink for an impromptu bath...(we won't go into the things that went into her stomach to warrant needing this bath). I like having a separate living room that I can keep nice and clean for guests, while the kids have a playroom to watch movies and destroy without me worrying so much.
It was EPIC. I tell you.
I'm struggling to find a better word than audit right now.
“How pale is the art of sorcerers, witches, and conjurors when compared with that of the government’s Treasury Department!” – Ludwig von Mises
It’s a part of the human condition on this broken planet to grieve. I am sad for her struggle, for years and years of fighting, for losing the battle to breast cancer, for her pain, for those who worked with her, for her dear friends, and most of all for her family and her two children who watched their mother fight and then die.
As sure as I need (and have) a “distribution partner” that is taking care of having the digital sales up on each and every platform (iTunes, Amazon, eMusic and so on), I need physical distribution partners and I don’t see that changing much in the long term.
But I guess people who have turned themselves into lightning quick therapists, or others who talk to the mix up in my brain so that the cells up there certainly get so scared of these silly things that they kick the XMRV or whatever viruses is causing this delightful ME chappy to ruin my life, out of my system.
But really, whatever distracts the kids from lying around inside is fine with me.
The long sad story of why it's taken so long to get this quilt to this point has a lot to do with my "life" over the last six years. The class at Asilomar was my first one for several years--and my sewing machine had pretty much just been living in its case for a while before that. Something about a husband with a broken leg, a knee replacement, a couple of weddings, then the husband's cancer... I did manage to get some sewing done during this time period, and even afterwards, but it was always elsewhere and for a relatively short period. Lots of "ugly quilt" and charity-quilt workdays. A couple more trips to Asilomar, but again never with a "finished object" to show for it.
Printing of the Other People Exist Robert Crumb Edition is complete, and a copy has been mailed to Mr. Crumb's home in an undisclosed location. Mr. Crumb did not request this special edition, but I know he will be glad to receive it, as I am sure he has at least one wobbly table that needs a leg shimmed, or a ferret/budgie/gerbil whose cage is due for a relining. At 1/8th inch thick, OPE is not only strong and absorbent, it can easily fill any gap between table leg and floor (under 1/8th inch thick).
Using your gathering foot, gather the 4 strips down the center to make the ruffles. If you don't have a gathering foot, baste down the center of each strip using the longest straight stitch on your machine. Don't back tack at the ends. Gently pull the bobbin thread to gather fabric, working from both ends.
Spectacular Spider-Man, please come back and save me from this atrocity of a show. If you could somehow incorporate Josh Keaton’s perfect Spidey voice when you do so, that’d be even better.
When our DC to Austin flight was delayed we all freaked out a little more, and yup, more crying. It was the last flight to Austin and there was no way we weren't going to be on it. DH had me calling our travel agent and he promised to "pay whatever it takes to get home tonight"...I think he would have chartered a private jet at that point. Luckily the flight made and although it was overbooked we made it on board and landed in our hometown.... only to discover that DH's parents (who had our car with our carseats) were stuck in a horrible traffic snarl outside the airport. I had actually seen the lights and sirens from the air as we landed. They hadn't moved an inch in over an hour. So we made a camp on the dirty airport floor and waited some more.
bloodhound on every story she covered. I thought we were always going to be on
With Valentine's Day (and mating season:) fast approaching, let's chat about our beauty secrets when going on dates! Here's my little routine...
First I passed my class!
No apology need, Shep–at least, for not being able to show the odious Trampoline Bear video anymore. Rather, you should apologize for airing that horrid clip–repeatedly over the years.
Abenobashi Maho Shotengai (Japanese)
ABRIDGED Audio CD, 0 pages
I still love cooking, baking and making photo's, but there are some realities as well to be faced. We're in situation of economy crisis in Belgium,, ie. the price of gas & electricity go so high (too high), the price of gasoline is 30% up in 2 months time, and off course, not to mention the prices of (fresh)food go along with others, but the salary stays the same. Now we're trying to cut the expenses by lowing the use of electricity & car. So here I am with less cooking and baking, and also less going around with the car.
With your questions answered, you should make your final decision through an analysis of factual information combined with a feeling of a “design connection” to one special kitchen designer. Happy hunting!
Garlic, 5 pcs, chopped finely
advertisement for your business or books. Offer something of real value to the reader. This is the #1 thing we run across in guest blog offers. If we monetized, a small ad on a site like this would easily cost $25 or more per day. Professional publicists know that, so when they breezily ask for what is basically a free, week-long, full-page advertisement, it’s insulting.
When the AG publicized the list of potential orphan works in HathiTrust’s hopper, one name jumped out at me: Fletcher Pratt. Although the book in question was one of his historical works, Pratt wrote some fine science fiction, both solo and in collaboration with SFWA Grand Master L. Sprague de Camp. I figured that would be a good test case, so I started investigating.
The red hearts I got there also for $.25 a piece.
Provide high-level build and design knowledge and experience for UNIX based servers and workstation infrastructure. Assisting with projects on optimization of the infrastructure and operations (new tool and process introduction, tool upgrades).
Be early!
The feathers are very easy to make, they take a little time, but you will love them when you are done. I have made a few feathers out of different papers so you can see what they will look like.
“As a result, aggressive, restless, roaming daredevil riders evolved by the end of WWII, unafraid to ride full-throttle and kick ass. Some cite returning wartime bikers as the beginning of ‘outlaw motorcycle types’ dating from 1948 to the early 1950s. Before WWII, motorcycle clubs were like gentleman’s clubs– riders actually wore coats and ties. After WWII, clubs like the Boozefighters retained both the aggressive spirit of war and combat and the look– leather bomber jackets, flight goggles, and long scarves. One of their credos was– Jesus Died So We Could Ride.“
### nbr.co.nz Wednesday, 27 January 2010
All songs and male vocals are by Martin Cockerham, who writes very hummable tunes with biting lyrics. Some collectors fondly label it a "lost classic", since many people did re-discover it. Widely regarded today as one of the classics of British acid folk.
Normally I'd have a piece of encouragement for the group—keep trying, keep writing, and enjoy what you do—but today I'll ask a question: How do YOU decide whether or not to go traditional, small press, or self-publishing?
Only the dwarf warrior and the man of Gondor remained, but the random event determined the man was, after all, won over by the dark powers. He turns into a traitor leaving the dwarf alone against pretty much the whole dark force.
Now that summer has arrived, I finally have the time to clean out my DVR and catch some re-runs. Last month, I caught a part of TLC “Extreme Couponing” marathon. For those who have never heard of it, “Extreme Couponing” is a show about people who have mastered and perfected the art of using coupons to stretch their budget. For example, on the first episode, a woman walked away with $2,000 worth of groceries by paying just $100. Rather than dismissing such people as “crazies,” I have come up with concrete reasons why the show, though entertaining, is inapplicable to younger professionals just starting out in the real world.
No mess No fuss.....lights in two seconds and no soot to clean....
The film opens by explaining how the twin sisters get separated at birth and brought up by different families. But there are no mystical songs, lockets or other identifying objects needed because the two just happen to be identical, which means of course that there will be confusion between the two when they grow up.
Since September I have really been trying to lose weight on my own by counting calories and going to the gym and yes I have lost fifteen pounds but I'm continually falling off the wagon every few weeks. So last week when my mom said she joined Weight Watchers and I had already been hearing good things about it from some friends at work, I found out that my sister joined too. And as of yesterday...me.
But so what? Aren’t these numbers ‘faked’, so to speak. Why should he expect the same trend at the ballot boxes? For example, without the same source of financial support, the Umno-backed Himpun anti-apostasy rally for 1 million Muslims drew only 3,000 to 5,000 supporters. Also without the same finances and amid harsh police control, 50,000 Malaysians still managed to suddenly crop up in the heart of Kuala Lumpur to take part in the July 9 Bersih 2.0 rally.
We gave up on the deer coming out tonight and came in to get ready for bed, pop some popcorn and watch 'Tin Tin'. I've never seen it and the kids are so excited to show it to me. Baby Girl is going to marry Tin Tin, you know!q
My grubby halo, a vapour trail in the empty air,
However, the FSA has stopped short of setting a timeframe in which customers must be contacted.
Let’s start with a lesson plan that “hooks” the student. That’s where you come in to this session!
I just want to give that gift to my child.
Right-to-work states have generally lower unemployment, higher job growth, lower taxes and better business climates. They have growing populations and have been attracting businesses from other states.
Well it is one of those weekends, the ones where Mr N does a shift Wednesday to Friday and then a short turn around to starting a Sunday to Tuesday shift the following week. I hoped this weekend the rain would keep off for some family jaunts, well it did try, yet not hard enough. Saturday was spent food shopping then the afternoon watching our local football team, Leek Town at Harrison Park, whom scored an awesome 5 goals to Shepshed Dynamo’s zero goals. Leek had to gain those 5 goals for the play offs, depending on another game and their scores somewhere else in the country. Leek did it! Cheers and claps, fans running onto the pitch, a totally awesome game of which Mr N and our daughter wishes to go again, no problem as far as I am concerned.
over! I am truly blessed and God is so good!
Turn the water off while shaving or brushing teeth.
Over the years, his photographs have taken on an intentionally darker tone to reflect increasing pressures on the region, mainly from demand by Asian markets. Raw ivory now fetches up to $800 per kilogram and rhino horn is worth more per ounce than gold dust, according to the World Wildlife Fund. Elephants that Mr. Brandt photographed just a few years ago have already been killed.
Mr Young calls me again later.
Oh peoples.
If I were in the Kings' front office I'd wait to pull the trigger on an Evans trade. They need to watch film and see what works best for him. On the flip side Evans also needs to watch film, get in the gym and develop a jump shot and work more on his game. Evans should be a natural at shooting guard, but right now he looks like a man without a position.
It found it's place in the basement for a few weeks, while I PATIENTLY waited for Christmas decorating time.
legs.
To my readers, wishing everyone a Happy New Year!
Grayson slammed his whiskey glass on the table. “Damn it, man. Are you daft all of a sudden?” Grayson leaned forward as he glanced around at the men sitting nearby who had turned to stare. “I know the authorities will search for her. I can’t stop that, but that’s not what I want because it’s not enough. How much confidence will the voting public have if they only read about me waiting passively in this lavish hotel while Elizabeth endures unspeakable horrors and deprivations at the hands of her abductor?” He knew he had to balance cooperation with authorities with his private plans, and the last thing he wanted was the Pinkertons involved, but he also knew that was out of his hands if Edward had already contacted them. They’d only muddy up the glory he wanted for himself and complicate his plan to kill Valderas outright.
kept the snowflakes-on-kraft background, scalloped frame and striking "tall card" design when she lifted tesa b's fabulous snowman card, but substituted a happy santa in her charming design!
Strangers enter our communities, saying they’re vaguely related to us. They answer to outside handlers. The elders who ask questions are discredited. Radical rhetoric and actions are started to create confusion and division. We get targeted.
Isn’t the mind one the most amazing tools God gave us? It comes from the factory as a blank slate, and as we grow, we start building on experiences and information gathered by our five senses. But how do we know if we’re building it right? This week I studied, a section of verses that amazed me about the mental storage unit and operation center we call a brain. What does God expect of us with this wonderful tool?
15 years....
What else can I say about this? I love Lauren’s prose so much that I was swept into the narrative. She has a magical way with words. It’s her literary background, I believe. Everything about the technique is perfect.
home. Every week to Sunday School, an award. Netball training Wednesday nights
24. Can I get you a drink?
“We were mortified to learn that a team of people working on a Google project improperly used Mocality’s data and misrepresented our relationship with Mocality to encourage customers to create new websites. We’ve already unreservedly apologised to Mocality. ”
Back to the spring break week, about 20-30 minutes earlier than I expected, Tracey called my cell phone. I started packing things up assuming she was on the way. But the way she say, "Have you talked to Erin?" immediately had my Mom-hunches up, and I responded with, "No, why? who's hurt? What's happened?"
my chair...
*Order from the Kid's menu-these are appropriate portion sizes.
The time spent staring
1 cup (2 cubes) butter
It was great to finally get to visit the Marble Brewery after hearing so many good things, greeted by a fresh glass of Dobber and a tour of their brewery, snuck away under an arch. Really humble guys making some great beers! Then it was off to the aptly named 'Marble Arch' for many more Marble Beers with The Ormskirk Baron & Aletalk.
White smoke continues to be emitted from Units 2, 3 and 4.
Conversely, people speak Mayan, not Maya. So unless you are talking about a Mayan language, ALWAYS say Maya.
My second Victorian mystery, which is called Elijah's Mermaid, tells the story of an artist who buys a young girl from a brothel, thereafter becoming obsessed with painting his child-like muse in the form of a nymph or mermaid.
Pacify your abuser.
perform an operation
Oh my! Two posts in less than a month! This could be the start of something beautiful! :D
a ) We live in a soulless digital world, walking among the decades-old ruins we inherited from poststructuralist theorists, eviscerated of every last shred of analog "authenticity." Those tortured, yellowed pixels are the visual manifestation of our 21st century mal du siècle.
(That slow motion technique is used to wryly comic effect to introduce the teenage love interest, Astrid, in the wonderful animated fantasy, How To Train Your Dragon. Not only does the world go into slo-mo when protagonist Hiccup first introduces her in narration in the film, but also the backdrop is an explosion of fire and the expression on Hiccup’s face is downright starry.)
One trend the panel agreed on is how open producers are with featuring Asians in ensemble casts. Asian actors like Sandra Oh, Yun Jim Kim, and Grace Park have been prominently featured in TV shows–Grey’s Anatomy, Lost and Hawaii Five-O.
And I’m planning to get through more than the third week!
In 1999, Jamie Rappaport Clark, then the director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FDS), told a congressional committee that “…in 25 years of implementing the ESA, we have found that designation of ‘official’ critical habitat provides little additional protection to most listed species, while it consumes significant amounts of scare conservation resources.”
Born in Baltimore in 1929, Rich was the elder of two daughters of a Jewish father and a Protestant mother – a mixed heritage that she recalled in her autobiographical poem “Sources.” Her father, a doctor and medical professor at Johns Hopkins University, encouraged her to write poetry at an early age.
--even if it is NOT lent.
Aper Aku was the first
Soul Eater 97 (39:02 — 42:47)
Black powder actually does explode or rather detonate, rather than just rapidly burning; and it produces an enormous amount of fairly foul smelling smoke as it does so.
the knock from destiny
And the Catholic Faith is this: That we worship one God in Trinity, and Trinity in Unity,
He sees Twitter as “a wonderful thing” and gave the example of people sending him excellent articles from papers and publications that he wouldn’t normally have read. He sees the Internet as “an excellent tool for communication and openness.”
Good afternoon everyone, hope you are all well! I have been feeling really poorly so I thought I would put this up to cheer myself up :-)
Back story: I am SO SO lucky and I get to go to Maryland this May to visit Cassie and her family!! YAY!! We have a week full of thrifting, crafting, eating, and hanging out in our pj's planned. Anyway, she pinned it and said we should make these when we are together. I, of course, yelled YES!
Besides slowly revising MEGAN&LIAM over the next month, my first order of business is to update the cover, title, and product description for my first novel (a medieval romance, currently titled ISOLDE and OWEN.) Sales have been very flat with this one, so I’m very intrigued to see what happens when I am much more blatant about the fact that it’s a medieval romance (which is not clear from the cover), and once I have a more interesting title and product description (which I decidedly do not now.) I had originally planned to raise the price when I made these changes, but this book has sold best so far in the UK – and I’ve read that there are taxes and fees applied to ebooks sold internationally. I don’t know how much this applies to the UK (is there a VAT tax in the UK??) But there’s no need to take chances. Historical fiction isn’t my forte – and this one isn’t particularly literary or anything anyway. It’s historical fiction lite. I don’t have any plans to build on it. I think it’s in my best interest to leave this one very cheap (particular for non-American readers) – just a fun, cheap read…an impulse buy. That’s the quintessential nature of this book. So, $.99 it remains.
1 Cup Choc Chips
They had something that really looked interesting. A Bento Box lunch special. Hubbs seemed to think that it was to go only, since the Bento Box part implies a to-go sort of lunch box. It’s the same as the lunch special but it includes fruit. Will be trying, and sending pics.
breathless from the fall
Get me there on time. Promise made.
Sometimes you hit a crossroad with no signposts and you feel lost.
I went to check on renting a tiller.
And where does the egg money go? Into a tin on the top of a dresser. We currently have 13 dollars in the pot. We’ve already contacted Tom Quigley – the chicken coop guy and asked him to put us on the schedule for a chicken coop addition sometime in the summer. Nothing big, but something with an eastern exposure would be nice.
Kicking up the paper,
Professional-Level Hiring — By Region
Sugar Cream Puff Diary, Volume 1, Grade 4-5, Ja’s age: 11 years old
That no one can ever see.
'Disgusting!' I cried, and threw the book down in the grass. But something made me pick it up again, and I as read on the viewpoint shifted to that of another character, and it dawned on me, duh!: this book is satirical (and way ahead of its time), beautifully, coolly yet humanely satirical, and leaving John Updike, in my opinion, totally eclipsed.
What do I mean then? That a thing sacrificed to idols is anything, or that an idol is anything?
The vision is real. The voice of God is real. The command to change our whole lives is real. The choice is real.
My third 'What I Wore Wednesday' for 2012; along with another edition of Goodwill Fashions. If you haven't figured it out yet, I am a thrift junkie. Plus I enjoy sharing how I put together cheap clothes into a work wardrobe. Because if I can do it; anyone can! Outside photos at work are MUCH better this week, even if it's cloudy. I also feel I improved on styling the outfits. You can judge, or not. ;-)
Yes, HUGE circles or "roller coasters" as the boys explain to me on the hall wall and small areas in Trevor's and Brody's room. I couldn't believe it, but I did have to laugh a little. Thank goodness for Magic Eraser even though it doesn't do a great job and kind of takes off some of the paint - maybe that's because we have flat paint on our walls. The funny thing is that my dad was there and he really thought he would be painting the walls that weekend. Not yet dad, but it's coming soon.
No body modification. And honestly, if one day I have to, it will be because I have no other choice because of a bad broken nose or breast cancer or whatever. I don't wanna change my body.
The border was stamped on two pieces of card stock using Rich Razzleberry for one piece and a combo of PTI's Berry Sorbet & Palette Boudoir Blush and then each piece was trimmed as you see. I layered the two pieces using foam dimensionals. The sentiment is from the WMS set Fancy Phrases.
Thank you for visiting and good luck!!
Just in! The Clara /281 bag in Nude or Grey from Kisim. The shape of these bags is unique, easy to wear, and holds seemingly everything. The adjustable handle length is a great feature, adding versatility and interest. Kisim is “in tune with the realm of Jewelry, Accessories & Objects,” and “forms the definition of the new, the unprecedented and the consolidation of the unique into an object.”
“Maybe we got so big because we think small,” the sentence read.
We’re a bit torn about Cinco de Drinko and The Kentucky Derby falling on the same day. On one hand, how can one turn down a day of gluttony with margaritas and tacos. On the other hand, it sounds like a refreshing change to dress up all classy and sip on mint juleps.
Aside from the spread, it was also a treat to meet fellow bloggers, also attending was Sasa from sasasunakku, this is a beautiful blog, so it was cool to meet the clever bean behind it. Allison also had a couple of charming local friends along, so we had a great time talking (I know, a bunch of clever girls in a room and we talked a bit, who knew?) eating and supping, a very civilised way to spend the afternoon.
As I trudge through the snow, something in me yearns towards the little girl in the picture. A nice man, and one I’m sure cares deeply for his family, the taxi driver perhaps cannot see the butterfly he pleasantly hopes to confine within a jar. Should I have tried to say more, I ponder? I felt incapable of articulating any words which might have bridged the chasm between us. Am I being too judgmental, too righteous, too fanciful?
What do you want for yourself? Let me know.
We will finish off with a short overview of some of the languages to be discussed on this blog:
As always, could we ask a huge favour peeps please. Could you help to make our job at leaving comments easier by turning off comment verification and enabling comment moderation instead please pretty please xxxx. It’s ever so easy to do – see our sidebar – and you won’t get spam comments as you can easily reject the comments that you don't want to appear.
According to theverge.com, prior to release Twitter accounts for specific Nike stores will notify followers when a certain shoe will go on sale and provide a date for when they will begin accepting RSVPs. Once reservations begin, users must direct message the store within 60 minutes and provide a custom hashtag, the last four digits of their government issued ID, and their shoe size. The store will then respond offering confirmations on a “first respond, first serve” basis. In addition to eliminating midnight availability, Nike has prohibited customers from lining up at stores for new products. Naturally, Nike’s new policies do not apply to third-party retailers, such as FootLocker.
That very evening, it arrives. It has been purchased from Harlequin – a record store in Berwick Street (now long defunct). And, the purchaser wasn’t actually my Dad at all; he’d sent his secretary out to affect said transaction. It’s a mono pressing (hell, what did I know, what did I care)… and is contained in a sleeve adorned by what looks suspiciously like a child’s painting. Only its not, it’s by Bob Dylan. There is no wording on the front cover – just this painting. And, on the back not a whole heap of information either– so far, not so terribly good. But, inside… the warmth of the black-vinyl exudes… something.
The intelligent teen or adult who encounters this book will find a wonderfully written story that explores the limits of human compassion and what compassion means and what compassion costs.
“Okay, I’m glad you don’t hate him. But some of us still want to know what happened, and why.”
On vacation in California to unwind and de-stress, Karen Vail finds herself in a wine cave with a dead body. Unable to control her natural instincts to catch the killer, Karen inserts herself into the case.
So don't buy the L'Oreal Balm, it is a waste of money, rather get yourself a Lip Butter!
While at the restaurant, Caleb was a huge hit. The owners came out to play with him and it gave me a glimpse of what it will be like when I take him to Korea this summer. Someone's gonna get spoiled and I cannot freaking wait for him to see my mom's side of the family! I'm definitely homesick.
telling me to take my time.
Not to mention I live and work in a one-bedroom apartment. The bathrooms and kitchens featured in American magazine are sometimes bigger than my living room! Europeans are more accustomed to designing well and intelligently for much small(er) spaces.
Volcanic ash from Iceland, begins to disrupt air traffic across northern and western Europe. The World Cup is won by Spain. Wikileaks, the online publisher of anonymous, covert, and classified material, leaks over 90,000 internal reports about the United States-led involvement in the War in Afghanistan from 2004 to 2010. The International Space Station surpasses the record for the longest continuous human occupation of space, having been continuously inhabited since November 2, 2000 (3,641 days). Michael Foot, Lauren Fignon and Norman Wisdom die.
If you’re a control freak, micro-manager, or any other type of person who can’t stand to not be in the driver’s seat when it comes plans, you want always to determine the outcome and general feeling of a date. If you yourself have a fabulous time, you also want to be able to instill the same feeling of euphoria in your date, afraid that they are left with a less than giddy demeanor when you finally part ways for the night. You mull over this fear of not being able to control their thoughts as they rinse off in the shower when they get home; thinking that the memories of your charms are flowing rapidly down the drain along with their soapy germs. If you’re a control freak, you give the impression of being completely easy going during the date, but secretly you have devised a back-up plan for escape and/or five other activities to do just in case you both cannot come up with something together, all of which range from either free events to posh restaurants, all contingent on how the day is unfolding.
1. The overall touch and swipe actions are lot smoother
by a big man in red with shifty eyes. I waved
“If you question the (validity of the) ballot box, then you must also question the results in Penang and Selangor. The opposition only questions if the results are not in their favour,” he argued.
Along with the new stamps and products, there are still the staples of scrapbooks, page prrotectors, card-stock, ink, markers and more.
I’ve only grown to love hiking when I moved to California. Hiking to me is comparable to life. You start off at an easy terrain, which gets harder as you move forward. There’s some bumps on the road that you have to cross. Some are small where you don’t have to try as hard, while others need more thought on how you will get from point A to point B. During your journey, you have to take breaks… get yourself back together… find your balance and strength to carry forward. You see other people taking different paths and you think..”Should I follow that? Or should I take my own?” … you have friends with you.. looking back and checking if you’re ok… or vice versa. And then when you finally reach your goal… you take your time to appreciate it. You soak in how great it feels to finally make it. Then you turn around and do it all over again.
It assumes that all pain and hardship, wherever possible should be avoided.
Flank steak is one of those cuts of beef that takes really well to a marinade. The basis of any marinade is acid (such as citrus, vinegar or soy sauce), fat (such as olive oil, vegetable oil or sesame oil) and the flavors of your choice. I’m kind of a saucy gal, so I like some spice in mine – such as chipotle chiles in adobo, jalapenos or red pepper. And flank steak only needs about an hour’s swim in the marinade, and then 10 minutes on a hot grill (5 minutes each side), and you have a juicy, succulent, flavorful flank steak that’s not only awesome for dinner, but super-fantastic the next day in a pita sandwich! It’s a hard-working cut that tastes amazing and that marinade tenderizes it right up. Here’s how I do it:
Agree? Disagree? If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please feel free to reply in the comments section below. Or you can e-mail me at cross_can15@hotmail.com. I’m now on twitter follow me @paintstheblack and I will gladly return the favour.
I'm sure the Vegas charm will wear off within a matter of days, but for now I am taking in all that Sin City has to offer. Here is a peek into my lovely little day in Vegas:
The kids may look a little wonky, but I think we can all agree the Eiffel Tower has never looked so magnificent.
“Walkin’ After Midnight”
FC and Mech wanted to go to Soderno and have Manang’s Chicken for dinner, sadly it was a Saturday and Soderno was closed for the night. They really should have it opened at night during the weekends. We ended up having dinner at Chicboy in Molito and for dessert; Mochiko Ice Cream.
-jwm
Only through
If you do happen to stumble upon this true-to-its-name, little ‘diamond’, try its deliciously thick homemade yogurt with fruit and muesli for breakfast, one of its many vegetarian/vegan, healthy and organic salads at lunch or its traditional Thai curries for dinner which comes served with a warm bowlful of brown rice.
Kazakhstan: We began our work in Kazakhstan with the dream of creating change on a national scale. That dream is coming to fruition on May 29th and 30th, when a team of SPOON staff and advisors will be in Almaty to share in the announcement of a new nationwide diet for Kazakhstan’s baby houses and to facilitate an initial training for baby house directors from across Kazakhstan and four other Central Asian countries. The new menu and feeding norms, based on SPOON’s work in Kazakhstan over the past five years, have the potential to improve the lives of thousands of children without families to call their own. Stay tuned for reports from the field, later this month!
Will try to post blogs along the way -- or at least tweets. Enjoy the merry month of May!
By calling out for help, coming close and kneeling at Jesus’ feet, this leper breaks the law. When Jesus reaches out and touches him, he, too, breaks the Levitical law. Jesus obeys instead the higher law of a compassionate heart. By cleansing this man’s disease, Jesus reconciles the leper to his community and to God. The priest’s declaration of ritual cleanliness reinstates the outcast in his family and in the society. The theologically trained scribes wonder how Jesus can superseded God’s wrath and punishment (3:22, 30)
Broccoli Raab, I am growing 40, 60 and 90- day varieties from MoreVeg seeds and the 40 day variety is ready in the polytunnel now - I have sown more as we are eating the first lot I sowed in March. Another plant I eat raw when in the polytunnel. A spicy version of Purple Sprouting Broccoli I think, but not as strong flavoured as Mustard Greens - something else I grow as a salad leaf.
So much happens in this book. A LOT. The Shadowhunters are trying to save the Institute, find the Magister and unveil why exactly he wants Tessa, and Will deals with some issues of his own. Seriously, guys, there are so many twists in this book. I could never figure out who to trust. The one little tiny quibble I have about the plot is that this book does not contain as much action as the predecessor. Instead, it focuses more on the romance. Not that the romance isn't fabulous, but I would have loved more of Clare's famous heart-pounding action.
She inhales, but she doesn't swallow. She breathes without any pleural exacerbation. She is in half-solitude and her other half is in disdain. The future tense ravages her mind as she exhales firsthand vapour. She sprinkles cold water through her tarsals, cold water through her veins. Her brain cells seem to evacuate her insides as she plunges into the menthol sting of her week's first-lit cigarette.
Magic is an interesting word. It is used frequently when one is making reference to the Moon, lunar gods and goddesses, lunar power, or lunar ceremonies. Magic is often a misunderstood word. On the level of the masses, magic is slight of hand. It is an illusion that is perpetrated upon others who cannot see beyond the illusion. They cannot imagine how the magician pulled the rabbit out of the hat! But this is not the kind of magic we are talking about. Magic, in the spiritual sense, is an operation to bring about certain conditions and energies from the more subtle worlds or dimensions of time-space, and manifest them in the physical world. Magic is also for the purpose of bringing about change in some way. Of all the planetary bodies that the earth is related to, it is the Moon that is the Earth’s companion, that is the Earth’s sister. When you look at the calendar you will see that the Moon moves very quickly around the zodiacal wheel. It changes signs every two-to-two-and-a-half days. And so, in a 28.4 – day period, the Moon will have traversed the entire zodiac. Even the Sun takes 30-31 days to do this. The planet Saturn takes two years. So, when you look at it from this perspective, the Moon is an ever-changing body, which is why astrologers, for the last 5,000 years, have said that the Moon “rules” change. It has been said that change is constant, the only constant in the universe.
Unfortunately, as relevant as his message is with regard to understanding our relationship to God through His Son Jesus Christ, the meaning of Christian love, identifying other Christians as well as false teachers — most of these New Testament verses are excluded from the three-year Lectionary used in public worship.
This lovely award was given to me by the lovely Keryn. Keryn makes some really lovely cards and her other half paints the most gorgeous paintings so please pop over for a browse through her blog. Thanks Keryn for thinking of me and sending me this award.
to grant that same dignity to the people around me.
Chef JJ's Back Yard "watermelon peach smoked bison with spicy house pickle" This was yummy! The serving wasn't too much- a literal bite and it was just right. They served it on a skewer so you got a bit of bun to hold the sauce, the bite of meat, and then the pickle. It was really very tasty.
These five voicemails are the kind of voicemails I choose to save.
He ends his book with the words, “I salute everybody on our side –killed, wounded or still alive, and all their loved ones”.
(Member of the Nairobi Funeral Committee in charge of Communications)
Jacket: Paul Smith
"Would anyone like some wine?"
I am back at my grandmother house. Last night I went home and the f’d up thing is that I didn’t feel wanted in my own f’ing home. I spoke and didn’t get a response back. I was constipated and was moaning loud and couldn’t get anyone to come and see about me. And what else was f’d up is that I almost f’ing choked on the something in the back of my thoat, and instead of someone showing some concern, they went upstairs.
Funny to think that at the start of her career she was described as scrawny, flat chested, ill-proportioned with huge feet! She was very different to the prevailing look of the day, which was championed by, the more obvious ‘cookie cutter’ blonde.
-Jericho avoids the piledriver and takes a monitor to the back of Punk!
I feel rather stupid saying this but the recent Demi Moore/Ashton K blow-up (which I'm not going to pretend not to know about) makes me feel the inverse of this, meaning sadder. For a while it was all Cougar Town and power to the old girls, but if you look carefully, it all happened in the wrong way, and was never anything other than skin-deep and a marketing curve. There was never any real revering of the older gal, it was a galling push against gravity, a bit of smut and throwaway twenty-year-olds on the side.
I think it was my old roommate who finally made me see the folly of my ways. She thinks nothing of sailing out into the middle of place de la Bastille on two wheels. In fact, she does it almost every day. Since she has to eventually turn left, she actually gets herself into the center of it, near the mighty column that celebrates Les Trois Glorieuses (that’s the revolution of 1830, by the way, one of the several other revolutions that Paris witnessed on the rocky road to becoming a republic). “Are you nuts?” I asked, dumbfounded. The traffic that careens around the place de la Bastille is so bad I won’t even go near it in a car. Imagine a giant roundabout the size of a (round) football field with cars whizzing around at the speed of light.
I tell myself that I am not afraid. –Piglet
Album Review By desiclub.com
This is the shift we need to make in order to expand our awarenesses and knowing without being overwhelmed.
Well, over beside the pool - and at the risk of appearing to be an old lecherous coot, which I may well be - it was the discovery of young women in thongs. That's right, thongs. I'd seen pictures before but I've never seen them in their natural habitat. Hey, I've led a sheltered life. What can I say?
A few hours later, after returning home, stiff and nauseous from the carride, we got an e-mail. Glen said Abbey slept in his car most of the way home. Abbey has NEVER slept during a carride with us. He wrote about how well she did upon arriving at his home, making herself comfortable with his other dog and happily chowing down on a bone, even TRADING bones with her new furry sister. He sent pictures of her too and she looked pretty darn happy.
On Monday, my friend Ari from London was passing through Florence. We’d been messaging each other back and forth on Facebook, gushing about how excited we were to see each other again. And we made a plan — my class ended at 6:30. We’d meet at the Duomo, the huge church in the center of Florence, at 6:45. I was counting the hours.
Hope everyone is having an awesome week!
ROMNEY: That’s total, complete…
Check# xxxxxxxxxx
Well the painting is done! Steph finished up two coats of Para's Cashmere yesterday in the bedroom and I am super happy with it! A great neutral if you are looking for one! Definitely lighter than I anticipated but pretty nonetheless. Likely a good thing because I don't tend to like the wall color to be the focal point of the room. I can now go in any direction I choose decor-wise.
My fingernails dug into his muscular back.
Just after mile 4 I started scanning the crowd looking for Jason. I knew he'd be there somewhere. Imagine my surprise when I recognized my step-dad's hat and saw my mom standing on the sidelines holding this:
salacious teethings
“Are you all right?” he says, his disembodied voice coming from somewhere (where though? I still haven’t worked it out. It’s like magic) in my phone.
1 medium white onion, sliced thinly
This is the response from the Romney team,
Everest:
Stir in the tomatoes and their juices, the beans, and oregano. Add 5 cups water and the vegetable base. Bring to a boil, than reduce the heat and cover with the lid slightly ajar. Simmer, stirring occasionally to check on the amount of liquid, until the beans are tender (about 2-3 hours depending on how fresh your beans are -- mine took close to 3).
- incessant coughing
Her initials give her school report on her achievements to the writing community: VG. Very Good. Bloody hell: Fucking brilliant. You should save a swear or two for when it matters and when it comes to writing, the very passion and despair of arranging those swirly shapes on a piece of unprepossessingly paper – needs a touch of awed profanity.
I was there because Katie & Carolyn Clapham of the lovely children’s bookshop STORYTELLERS INC. had set up a morning visit to Year 6 at HEYHOUSES C of E PRIMARY SCHOOL and an afternoon visit to Years 5&6 at ANSDELL PRIMARY SCHOOL. What a nice time I had - and such cheerful audiences! The A59 was scattered with broken branches, twigs and scurrying leaves but I got home safely. Thank you, Storytellers Inc and everyone at both these schools!
-Form a family emergency plan. Make a list of numbers for emergencies and laminate them, so family members can put them in their wallets, purses, or backpacks. Sit down together and make a list of safe places and order them from best to last resort. Know exactly what your plan of action would be in an emergency and maybe even commit to practicing it.
That section of the course has since finished, and now I have more or less complete freedom in posting. I’d like to continue running the blog, because it’s been really satisfying producing something concrete that celebrates the Wellington poetry scene. I’ve enjoyed crafting the snippets of content, picking out photographs and seeing reactions from people.
Throughout the entire car ride, I hoped that the conversation would never shift to me, because I knew I can never answer my relatives’ questions without any flinch of hesitation. For all the “model answers” that is considered “correct”, my parents would certainly never be happy with me doing what brings me… happiness.
B: Your spectacular spin-off series ARNIE is coming towards the end of its first series – what inspired you to create the idea of the mysterious android, and had you always planned to create a whole series about him?
I come forth by day, I am born a second time,
Matured first in bourbon, then refill bourbon and finally in sherry casks. On the nose, a very soft aroma of corn with honey and vanilla essences coming through later. The palate enjoys dried fruit balanced out with a soft spice that drives into a warm honey after-taste.
Esther’s Call I was a study of Esther chapter 2. You may find the links to the audio recordings on the Esther’s Call page of this blog site. We learned about the process to become queen, and found some interesting parallels for life application.
Google AdWords is one of many pay-per-click services with which you can place advertising at low rates. You write an advertisement for Google AdWords that will appear on the "sponsored links" section of their search results, and you tell Google that you would like your ad shown when somebody searches for specific keywords. You get charged a small fee each time somebody clicks on your advertisement, and thereby visits your designated website.
Ahh, Mr. Fix-It, this man is pretty freaking incredible, y'all.
Michelle Lewis – ScooterFood founder
Today's Question: "Do you believe it's better to get somewhere eventually than to not arrive at all?"
I’m listening carefully to make out any words that aren’t gibberish, then a few minutes later I heard what I thought was my name:
- Clams and one Wing
C - Chore you hate: dishes
Chemero’s experiment, published March 9 in Public Library of Science, was designed to test one of Heidegger’s fundamental concepts: that people don’t notice familiar, functional tools, but instead “see through” them to a task at hand, for precisely the same reasons that one doesn’t think of one’s fingers while tying shoelaces. The tools are us.
'I know that a lot of you have come here because you want to hear me talk about fighting, but I've become a Buddhist and turned my back on violence. Self-defence is not about fighting, but avoiding confrontation...'
That's the entire conversation.
This is an easy coffee flavored, creamy pie that will really hit the spot on a warm summer day. Make sure to thaw the pie for 30-40 minutes before serving or else you will have a difficult time cutting into this mudslide pie dream.
Um, what?
After my little home, I think it's right to take stock of the situation on my being here.
My parents started doling out small doses of independence when I was quite young. In my earliest explorations I was permitted to venture from one end of the block to the other. My mother walked the route with me and pointed out the specific landmarks that I was not to pass – a mailbox on one end and the corner of a metal rail at the other (in hindsight I realize that my territory was bounded by the two cross streets on either end of the block.) Everything between was fair game for flower picking, sidewalk chalking, and tricycle riding. As I got older and proved my worthiness, the boundaries of my play zone were expanded.
I’m writing it intensively through the rest of 2011, hoping for a release in 2012, in time for the Olympics.
Remember the witch who wants Howl’s heart? Remember how she was always amazed with Calcifer? She knew that Howl’s heart was in Calcifer. The witch was selfish and self-absorbed. However, even with her attitude, Sophie showed her kindness. In the end, the witch was touched by Sophie, and she realized that what she wanted to do was petty compared to Sophie’s love for Howl. That’s why she decided to give Sophie the heart.
A dark morning, February first
But really? These ARE the good times. We not only have it so good, we have it so easy. The Web makes it ridiculously easy to find good drinks, and to share that knowledge. The Web also makes the spread of ticker snobology easier, but that's simply something to deal with. I'm just glad I got over that phase when I was still limited to a notebook with really tiny printing in the back.
Cheat Menu
“Why bother, he’s only an Englishman,” replied the clown. “They usually enjoy that sort of thing.”
-Drain the farro and place in your serving bowl.
Great excerpt! Word count: 409. What car would you like to take for a spin out of the Indie Garage today, Amy?
that reminded me of that beatles song
I grabbed a pint of the excellent Dark Star Hophead and settled down in the bar room with my pint and a a newspaper for company. Pat from Abbeydale was in for a chat but I didn't get chance to collar him - suffice to say he and his team were all steadfastly on the Deception, which was likely the second of two renowned pale beers on offer - there was also a Salamander dark beer, but I did not stick around to try it alas.
8:00 – Local H @ Gramercy Theatre $tba (16+)
This one is four blocks from the hospital, so I won't have to pay for parking at work... I can walk! That means I can reduce the wear and tear on my car, reduce my spending on gas, and change my car insurance to pleasure (no, not that kind of pleasure! just means I don't drive it to work. not sure why they have to charge a different rate for that... but who am I to question the gov't monopoly on auto insurance in this province?). Savings all around! Plus the rent is $145 a month less. I will have to pay a bit more for utilities, but that's okay.
Trivia: Dee Jai in Thai means a feeling of happiness, or happy. So that's what we will try bringing to the flood victims.
You're a stubborn mule! I mean COW. What are you doing? Listen, lady. Do not come to me when you're crying into your farmer's market pie when this goes all wrong on ya', do you hear me?
At about 8pm, on Friday night, she said, "Oh, no! I just poured the caramel layer on top of the shortbread and realized that I forgot to add the sweetened condensed milk!"
After taking on the Packers at Lambeau Field, the Saints will host the Chicago Bears in their home opener in the Louisiana Superdome on Sept. 18 (noon CT). It will be the first meeting between the two clubs since 2008 and the first time the Bears come to the Superdome since 2003.
Taking the time to walk around the town can really be a pleasant surprise, for Harlingen has not lost the atmosphere of the olden days. Manyof the still beautiful old buildings in the historic city centre are reminders of the times when the town had very close commercial links with Great Britain, Norhern Germany and Scandinavia. Many of the warehouses you see around the city still bear names such as "England", "Poland", "Russia".
The facilities here are awesome, we have a basement and an entire first floor with several rooms. Of course I'm buried down in the COOL basement and have set up my computer and I'm loving it!
We are God’s HANDIWORK – The work of his hands. We are delicate and beautiful people made in his image – THE IMAGE OF GOD. We are perfect in the eyes of God and he loves us beyond the finite understanding that he has granted us. He created us so how can we be a mistake? We are precious to him and he will never give us a challenge or put us in a situation that we cannot handle. So is the grace of God.
Themes & Things: TRUST is a huge theme in this book—whom to trust, and whom not to trust. Betrayals of trust, enemies who are really friends, and friends who perhaps shouldn't be trusted quite so blindly. It keeps Tom on his toes, and the reader, too. I ended up constantly being nervous on his behalf, lest someone he encountered turn on him. Another major theme is having the strength and personal fortitude to do the right thing even when it means betraying someone you love or admire.
Young Carter Part 3 on The Corner Store (cos he’s my campaigner treas-u-rer)
–TBM
Nanny Goat and I didn't have that much time together. Doesn't matter, she filled me with enough love to last me my lifetime and she inspires me today.
He called it the Happiest Place on Earth.
I made some little vanilla bean cakes, topped with a mixture of mascarpone, whipped cream and fresh raspberries, hoping they'd be all yummy and delicious. They sound so tasty, don't they? Well, they weren't...according to some people in the household anyway.
Cricut Expression and Once Upon a Princess
O, the red rose is a falcon,
Today Tita Delit brought me to a store where you can buy plants. We walked around looking at the different plants. We did that for like thirty minutes, so it’s a good walk.
MightyMO, the girls and I watched the movie Courageous this weekend. The movie was excellent, and very emotional. Since I am the queen of cry, I cried. A LOT. Cinematically, there were a few scenes that weren't as "professional" as most modern day feature films. Mainly, I thought a few of the actors were kind of stiff. Nothing major, though. It wasn't like going to an elementary school play or anything.
Well, it ain't God hurtin' me, I know that much, but I laughed my ass off at the phrase when I read it a long time ago. I dunno where I read it but it stuck with me as funny stuff tends to do.
IF I were more organised, and I was a member of the bloggy circle who produced beautifully crafted and seasonal wonders, I might be tempted to do a 'how-to' here. But as it is, I am not, and my pictures aren't great, it leans terribly to the left, and my children did things their own way, with as much sellotape as possible. Isn't that what its all about though? I'm very proud of their efforts- come and have a look!
Before I signed off, I thought I would share the future plans - just in case you are curious. They are just plans, which are subject to change.
Many Bible characters experienced rejection and criticism. David had to run for his life from King Saul. Moses had to keep submitting his request to Pharaoh, although he was rejected on his first tries. Joseph was rejected by his brothers and severely criticized. The Apostle Paul was rejected at first by other Christians, and Jesus was not only was badgered with skepticism by the Pharisees, the Jews turned their backs on Him and crucified Him.
I also loved the photos of the grandparents dancing and the musicians playing...it was a true and beautiful celebration of life and you could see that shine through in the photos. Absolutely lovely.
After hearing her husband having phone sex, Annie, who had previously focused on things like where to shop for toilet paper, forgot her hopes, dreams and housework. She refocused her energy on getting even.
Just as the living Father sent me
Today, almost three years to the date that my sister first ran 13.1, we went for an eight mile run that celebrated everything running is to us. No agenda; just run because we can, because we love it, because it is a blessing and a prayer. And really, when it is your birthday, don’t you want to do what you love the most?!
And eventually we got to the ranch. It is owned by Her Majesty's godmother's cousin's partner, and is lovely. There is an older historic house and a newer one built right next to it, both of which sit smack dab in the middle of the property so there is nothing around as far as the eye can see but land.
Endowment plan provides dual benefits of savings and also protection. It pays a death benefit in the event of a possibility.
YR02
A. Corruption! The level of corruption is what is tearing the country apart. If
The title is "Birds Depressed by the Long Decay", which is based on Morris Graves' painting "Birds Depressed by the Length of the Winter of 1944".
I see that you are Canadian, is it true all Canadians are afraid of the dark?
This little guy sat in my sewing room waiting for a face for a couple of months before I finished him up.
Why the need for comfort now? I think it’s because I’m going through a stressful time and the season change is actually making it worse. There are a lot of events and activities going on, things I used to do, that I can’t do right now. I’m missing out on a lot of fun stuff and experiences that I keep reading about everyday from the people enjoying them. It makes me feel really isolated, lonely and left out.
I kind have thought that would guarantee that I would…especially with my track record of foot in the mouth syndrome.
Anyway...I'm currently keeping my eye out for a 99-02 Dodge 2500 diesel 4X4, in a manual with around 120K miles. I've been half seriously looking for a couple months with no real luck but now, I'm really keeping an eye out. Coming back from Goose Downs we spotted this one on a lot here in town:
it into my 'to-have-a-go-at-making-sometime' brain space,
I did get up and do some of the group lessons and dances, which were fun. I drank, ate, socialized, and had a general good time. It was nice to get out.
The implication here, that you can attach pieces of musical instruments, and even old ship parts, to your city's existing infrastructure and thus generate massive waves of sound is pretty astonishing; this might be a very site-specific thing, to be sure, and something only Pratt has permission to do to its own steam tunnels, but the mind reels at the possibility that this could be repeated throughout New York. For instance, on any point of the existing steam network as documented last month by Urban Omnibus:Every winter, a typically unseen machine becomes visible in the streets of Manhattan: Con Edison’s District Steam System. Seen from the street as steam leaking from manholes, or more safely vented through orange and white stacks, leaking steam hints at an underground energy distribution system that is the largest of its kind in the United States and offers a chance for the public to become more aware of and more involved in how the city works.As Urban Omnibus adds, "the steam system is largely ignored by the public until things go wrong"—or, of course, until that system is turned into a city-scale musical instrument through a maze of well-placed reeds, valves, and resonators.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DADDY!!!
So I explained that we had gotten together a group with the express intent of sitting here on the edge of this bandit camp so we could kill as many bandits as possible. For the experience and the drops, I added.
Bringing your own bags to the grocery store is a trend that’s starting to catch on in many U.S. cities. But in Germany, if you don’t bring your own, be prepared to fork over a few Euros for plastic ones at the check-out. But why not help Mother Earth – and your pocketbook out a little and bring your own reusable ones. Here’s a link to one of my favorite brands (which you can easily clip to your purse).
All those shakespeare poems just describes you,
C# then serves as the key for the singsong bridge, played at a different tempo. After the bridge, the guitar and bass once again make their way back to that same two-bar riff on the tonic and third of F, making clever use of the major third interval (a big element in this song) along the way. What follows, finally, is an abbreviated third verse with two lines, this time just moving up from A to B, then A to B to C# (all major chords). After the C# chord, the guitar and bass play the same return to the initial riff as heard after the first verse, but this time using the F as a weird dominant prep chord that leads to G#, the dominant of the final tonic resolution in C#.*
I was shocked that my trip went exactly as planned. Well, except for one small deviation . . .
The remainder of the weekend was spent baking, decorating the yard, church, and a very lazy Sunday. Sunday night brought our first snow storm of the year and as a result, school on Monday was delayed for two hours. Alyssa wanted to use the time to choose cookie recipes for us to bake. Her behavior is touch and go. One minute she is smiling and cooperating, the next she is sassy and disrespectful. The worst is bed time. We are reading the "Little House" books and both really enjoy our time together before bed. The problem is that Alyssa is doing everything in her power to sabotage that time. I am taking a lot of deep breaths and Jeff is tag teaming so that I can remain calm and loving - not always an easy task! I am going to start decorating the house today, at least dig all the decorations out. I am going to try to have a bunch of different tasks available so that when Alyssa gets antsy, we can move to a new task.
ingredient, because while she seems mostly fine w/ sugar, she has reacted a
I was looking into my 44 year old face, covered in crows feet, and acne.........
Obviously I meant clothes.
NFL Comparison: Titus Young
The station wagon.
“Oh, not this again,” Creme said.
At last count, there were over 600 vendors in the e-discovery marketplace. Not all vendors are the same; not all vendors provide services for, or are equally qualified in providing services for each of the EDRM stages, or service categories. It may be appropriate to use a tool such as Apersee by Socha Consulting LLC and Gelbmann & Associates to initially refine the list of select and potential candidates. However creating a solid preferred vendor list specific to your firm’s lawyer and client needs will still require time and effort to (1) conduct a thorough investigation of each select vendor particularly any your firm plans to sign a master service level contract with, and (2) vigilance in keeping the list up to date and accurate.
Studies have shown that waist circumference, not overall weight, is the most important indicator of mortality related to being overweight. Of course you’ll lose pounds on this plan, but we want you to switch your focus from a number that measures your weight to one that measures your waist.Because of its proximity to your organs, your belly fat is the most dangerous fat you can carry.
Many jurisdictions know the legal remedy of re-establishment of rights or, as the humanists among us would call it, restitutio in integrum. A further common point is that the deadline for requesting the re-establishment of rights starts with the the removal of the cause of non‑compliance with the period, but ends at the latest within one year of expiry of the unobserved time limit.
At least 10,000 people have lost their homes to floods in Angola’s southern province of Cunene, the state-owned news agency Angop reported.
So, you're a hypocrite?
On its original appearance in 1966, over forty years ago, Seamus Heaney’s first major collection, Death of a Naturalist, won the Cholmondeley Award, the Eric Gregory Award, the Somerset Maugham Award and the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize. I would have been seven at the time and so I can relate strongly to the title poem’s narrator who I cannot see as being anything other than a boy about that age then, maybe a year or two older. I’ve written before about my lack of interest in nature poetry but I was not always disinterested in Nature. I was born in a city, about as near to the heart of Glasgow as one can get, just a short walk from George Square, but when I was nine-months-old my parents moved house and I spent the rest of my childhood in a little Council estate on the edge of town. Across the road was a small run-down farm, a river with a salmon leap which we enjoyed running across as kids and then you were in the countryside. In the early sixties parents didn’t feel the same need to cling onto their children for fear of what might happen to them and so it wasn’t uncommon for me, alone most often or with some of the neighbourhood kids, to traipse through the fields, long grasses and trees all around looking for adventure. There were plenty of old buildings to explore, too, the sand quarry, the golf course and just beyond that the frog pond.
Among her organization’s accomplishments, she highlighted a full-page ad in The New York Times that, much like her rhetoric, encourages Catholics to abandon their faith. She called it a “speak truth to power” moment and claims that it wasn’t meant to be offensive.
Founder of The LadyWeb Family Of Informational & Educational Websites
The family had arrived.
Laryngitis is easily recognizable. People realize they can’t speak or that their voices are hoarse. In most cases, they know the cause. Laryngitis could be the next phase of the flu or the result of cheering too energetically during a football game.
The Plot: Babymouse is the star of this series of graphic novels for younger kids. I adore them, for all the reasons stated in my previous review; most important? Kids love them; and librarians love being able to give a kid a GN that is right for their age.* In Beach Babe, school is out and Babymouse and family are going to the beach for vacation; in Rock Star, Babymouse is back at school with dreams of being a rock star.
√ 72 minutes of reading each day 5 days/ week! 'cause seriously, reading on Friday & Saturday just never seems to get done around here!
Love all of you!
What’s your plan (What’s the choice going to be?)
You shake your ancient body causing countless earthquakes which triggers deadly tsunamis
This island is not a man, yet
We arrived and they gave us a bucket and told us that we pay after the strawberries are weighed but that filling the entire bucket would cost about $10. Wow!
1. Smear squid with lime juice and salt. Leave for 10 minutes
So what does that have to do with Dwarfs? Everything. In Dwarfs I finally can see problems that arise outside of my control, and have the ability to fix them. I can stop the flow of water or lava with well placed walls and holes and I can send warriors to dispatch the goblins. Just like my real life, I can’t prevent these speed bumps from occurring, but for the first time I can resolve them after the fact. Even if only in a reactionary capacity, I can bring order to the chaos on-screen.
This is more about the musicians and bands that go on the road on the weekends. Not saying it is a bad thing and many have to hold a day job, but a tour that is only a few dates a week, is not a tour, they are gigs.
I'm attempting to find balance and peace with this. And to see the different aspects not as conflicting, but as simply different, challenging (which is a good thing), but ultimately all symbiotic.
Hence today’s post.
Those are men from another space/time dimension, the Progressive Parallel Universe. And since they and their allies of the same persuasion control the destiny of the crumbling West, what does it portend for the future of Western Civilization when warning voices are systematically silenced? Of course, the control is slipping; things are increasingly tumbling on their own toward their inevitable conclusion.
When these big mortgage companies filed for bankruptcy, they did not disclosethe mortgages already sold to the trusts as assets, because the transfers occurred months and years prior to the bankruptcy filing. Years later, when the Assignments were required for foreclosures, a bankruptcy court’s permission was needed to Assign billions of dollars in mortgages. Most likely in fear that a Bankruptcy Judge would not rubber stamp such a request, no such permission has ever been sought.
Tickled Pink
The house is so cute and it has such great potential and I have no doubt that Patrick and I will be able to do great things with it.
1/4 c. applesauce
07-28 Houston, TX – Bayou Music Center
A shaken Chen, speaking from the hospital room where he was taken after leaving the embassy Wednesday, also said that U.S. officials told him Chinese authorities would send his family back home if he stayed inside. But he added that, at one point, the U.S. officials told him his wife would be beaten to death.
It's a beautiful mix of Christmas Vintage and Steampunk Sci-Fi.
Amber Heard plays Kristen, a young woman tortured by her past who ends up detained in the hospital after she burns down the house where she was held captive.
About Bodie:
-While watching Damek's Jiu Jitsu class this evening Kyan drew the following: an angry giant and an army of snails, a scene from Poptropica, the earth and a bunch of stars and an apple tree with someone standing beside it. Currently (as I type this) he and Damek are illustrating a story with the angry birds characters in it and then they will narrate the story to me so that I can write it down.
There IS such a thing as coincidence and social milieus. I'm not about to attempt to prove it, mathematically or such... but the world is small and the world is huge. In the grand scheme of things, this blog is a cliche. So be it.
The challenge this week is to make a picture using mainly white. It's almost impossible to use white alone and it would look too boring, though there are many shades of white. So I've made my Study in White with a touch of colour added. I hope it's suitable.
You love your "extra" jammies
Friday started off with a trip to downtown LA to some jewelry suppliers. Did you know that my mama designs and hand makes gorgeous personalized discs necklaces in Italian gold or sterling silver? Well she does, and she's good at it. What a great Mother's Day gift it would be?!?! (Want more info?...email me) Then we headed into Beverly Hills for a quick stop at Paper Source, a favorite of ours, a sugaring hair removal for me by Lisa at SugarMe, and lunch at Il Trammezino. They have one of the most delightful treats, the nutella croissant, that I've had in Los Angeles...and I've had a lot (two photos on top left). Then I grabbed a flat white (second row left) and went to work with a client before going to Pilates lecture that afternoon.
Two Approaches to Praying the Lord’s Prayer.
:: I'm pretty sure my Mom nearly peed her pants laughing too hard, more than once, while out and about on our adventure
"Loving what you do" has a unique meaning in the animation business. To me, there are three parts to consider about the job we do when talking about "loving what we do":
Stacy Lewis avoided a charge from 17-year old Lexi Thompson at the LPGA Classic on Sunday to capture her second LPGA Tour victory. Lewis shot a 69 in the final round to beat Thompson, who made an amazing run, scoring a 7-under 65 at the Crossings Course, which matched her best ever round.
Honorable mentions, or tracks that floated in and out of consideration for this post: "Unleashed! The Large-Hearted Boy" (though see a future post), "Metal Mothers" ("you find time to get laid, you find ways to get paid"), "Circus World".
Hi there! To all of you who celebrated, I hope you had a wonderful Christmas :) I received some AMAZING news yesterday that I would love to share with you ... PLEASE click HERE for COMPLETE details :) and PLEASE feel free to share your thoughts :)
So drinking is what makes a good leader. Got it.
they've gone through lots of mud, puke, and blood. oh i bet these shoes have seen it all.
In an open area with four partial walls of lockers and a circle of benches in the centre, opposition to the Party's advance is met in the form of additional toughs in Tshared's employ.
That all changed with the arrival of the internal combustion engine.
Hello lovely readers
In addition, the minutes will detail who attended, whether they identified themselves with a passport or EPO ID card (yes, really), the start and finish times, a formal listing of the requests or claims in play, and statements like "the patentee maintained its main request".
I think the problem comes about in that some people see, in evolutionary psychology, justification or support for rather hidebound and traditional views of gender roles. That there are (or probably are) psychological difference between the sexes does not mean those differences conform to stereotype or myth.
So during this busy holiday season filled with hustle and bustle, just stop for a moment and ask yourself WHY NOT ??? and if the answer comes in the form of an EXCUSE in the area of your TIME, TREASURE, TALENT, OR TESTIMONY then remember he gave you all those talents and using them for his kingdom is the best and brings the most JOY (a kind you only feel when you open your hands to him and stop holding it so tight) !!!
Of course, it has all the fun stuff on it, like tinsel and garland and fat Santas. We also hang the Hallmark ornaments the Bub picks out every year on this tree:
17Ye shall diligently keep the commandments of the LORD your God, and his testimonies, and his statutes, which he hath commanded thee.
Cole was one of the few healthy American cartoonists to escape the draft. One of his brothers, Bob Cole, was in the Coast Guard during WWII, though, as this newspaper clipping shows:
The album—which was greeted with less enthusiasm as far as album sales go than their previous records, but which has come to be considered the group's masterpiece, as well as one of the greatest albums of all time—still holds up quite handsomely even today. But that certainly wasn't the end of The Beach Boys. Even through the difficult times that followed—with Brian Wilson's ambitious Smile project, among other factors, causing rifts among band members—the group still put out albums, even if they lacked the same pathbreaking frisson of Pet Sounds.
1 sigh
Equally importantly, on this date I got to see the opposite side of the commitment conundrum. I so often feel that the dudes I meet literally shrink away at the mention of anything even vaguely committal (e.g. shall we see each other again this week?). But seeing as how T. literally wore on his sleeve his desire to settle down, be in a relationship, buy a house and have 2.5 children (possibly with me), I guess I realized that I certainly don’t want to come off that way either. It was a bit overpowering when you are just meeting someone.
DW: Okay, so how can we expect that this event will take place? What might happen and when might it happen?
Here the patentee used "mechanism" and "means" as synonyms. See ‘919 patent, claim 3, col. 15 l. 51 (referring to "colorant selection means") (emphasis added); id., claim 14, col. 17 ll. 1-2 (same). At least one dictionary definition equates mechanism with means. See The Random House Webster’s Unabridged Dictionary. 1193 def. 2 (2d ed. 1998) (defining "mechanism" as "the agency or means by which an effect is produced or a purpose is accomplished"); see also The Random House Dictionary of the English Language – The Unabridged Edition 889 (1973) (same). The term "mechanism" standing alone connotes no more structure than the term "means."
“Remember me?
The contents of whichever happens to be the current issue of JIPLP can be viewed online by subscribers and non-subscribers alike here.
Here it is in our not-decorated-for-Summer-since-it's-going-to-all-be-packed-up-any-day-now-whenever-I-get-to-it dining room.
iOMG started a story arc on iCarly that can, and has, been called the Seddie Arc. It consists of 4 episodes that show the development of Sam and Freddie’s relationship.
But in real life, in the everyday we can't escape, we hate it. We hate the drama that twists in unpredictability, wringing our very hearts. We scorn what's not safe. We're ashamed of what we can't control.
For much of 2003-4, he was working for Newscorp as a freelance ‘detective’. And all that time, Andy Coulson was NotW editor. I have no doubt that, were he to be hauled before a jury/committee/TV programme today, Coulson would say that he ‘vaguely’ knew Whittamore’s name. This is one exchange between him and a Commons Select Committee about the matter in 2009:
As social media continues to evolve, I think more and more people will come to know and understand this vocabulary that I’m talking about – and then, hopefully, the Internet will have more and more well-constructed websites.
Tulsa police requested and are receiving assistance from the FBI, which brings additional resources to the table, Jordan said. The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office and U.S. Marshals are also part of the task force.
Usually around 1pm everyday I am ready to hear other people talking instead of just silence or music, so I turn on The Talk. I can't handle The View, but The Talk is definitely bearable. While I don't always get to actually WATCH, it's nice to listen. However, whenever I do look up- the same thing always catches my attention. Sara Gilbert's gold bar necklace. Have y'all ever noticed it? She wears it almost daily and with everything! I am always on the hunt for a necklace that I can wear daily. It is personalized(I am not sure what her's has on it) and I would love either "M & L" or "Ps 62"(my favorite psalm). I may do some hunting on Etsy!
He Guards me! My Lion
1 oz of vodka or gin with a calorie free mixer – like tonic or soda is about 100 calories. If you’re at home, you can add crystal light for flavor (I only use a 1/3 or 1/2 of the packet so less than an addtional 5 calories).
Years ago the Reader’s Digest magazine had a section titled “The Most Unforgettable Character I Ever Met” in which readers sent in stories about people who had touched their lives. Were it still in existence I would have to write about the Cowboy Preacher, Rev. B. B. Crimm. I was quite young when I met him, and for only a short time, but his preaching made me see the error of my ways. I was all of 13 when Rev. Crimm preached a revival at First Baptist Church in San Augustine in 1949 on the topic of “hell”. He scared me into accepting Christ as my Savior, and being baptized.
2. Lack of patience.
And may the sobbing begin....again.
The third possible route to victory lies in an early attack on Russia. This is generally least preferred of the three attacks as it leaves Germany’s two most likely enemies with a free hand in the west. Perhaps the best example of this attack is in 1973BI where Randy Bytwerk is in the process of destroying Russia single-handedly.
Alex and I ventured even higher north to take in the tapas and perfect-volume music at the delicious (yet slightly overpriced) Mamajuana Cafe. The sauce on the Garlic Shrimp was incredible but I was still high on my visit to the bridge. I honestly barely remember how the evening ended, just that I skipped off into the sunset in my dreams.
A- So many things. I can’t wait to play more with embossing powders, glimmer mists, and glitter! Let’s see what comes out in the next 6 months.
It has moved around my house and sits in my bedroom now. Like any piece of good art, it intrigues me every time I look at it, noticing different details Brad and Sundie created.
Hello! - So are you ready for another great week of Photo Art brought to you courtesy of Bonnie at Pixel Dust Photo Art.
waving to sisters and brothers
Wilbarger Brushing Protocol (trained at OT and continued at home, even still using)
Meantime, here's a picture of the growler I bought at Old World Brewery last week - reportedly the first growler to be sold on premises.
Here, Caravaggio reimagines the Biblical-historical scene as it must have happened. These are obviously men (as is Christ) but he gives them a sheen of the other world through the hard black shells of their uniform. This is a painting that we see echoes of in Epstein's monolithic "Rock Drill" or George Lucas's Darth Vader.
A lady working for our television station in New York got into a taxi who brought her on a grand tour, arriving at her hotel with €65 on the meter. The cost should have been around €20 to €25 so she told the driver that she was from Dublin and that this was the route he had taken. She had written down the complete journey.
Also, for those asking, we had permission to use certain information.
"Yes," Rachel lied.
CFQOT Blog (cfqotblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
with Akio a few days ago, telling me
What I did not like:
So the first one is of Hannah, it doesn't actually really look like her. It did alittle, until she dyed her hair blue.... And yeah, the other ones are for school. And I should've chosen a easier topic. Wasn't so smart.
What Waterhouse has done is to combine the two contrasting personae of Cleopatra: the slender charismatic charmer who held men in her thrall and the power-craving, ruthless ruler who was not afraid to have herself portrayed as a man in drag.
So, how is that Publishers and Authors want to degrade and destroy self-published authors? They claim the art has to be held to high standards, free from dumbing down… this from an industry that gave Snookie a book deal, who has no talent then taking a punch in the face and getting banged by douche bags. Hate to point out the obvious but that’s a pretty strong sign of the industry being less about the art and more about the $$$$. Of course they also say that it has to be rich in talent and only the best should be allowed into their circle… Snookie, Paris Hilton, Justin Beiber… really…really? When they insult us with this and football fields of bad work, they really can’t say they’re doing it for art anymore. It’s almost as though Big Publishers & some authors are living in the stone age, where other arts do not. If they didn’t gave their permission, it shouldn’t be. That’s just laughable and dumb.
I, on the other hand, have to work through draft after secretive draft before I show a soul anything I’ve written; I have never in my life pulled an all-nighter, being instead one of those sickening keen-beans who completes her work a whole week before the due date; and, though I like the idea of scrawling poignant dedications in the front of books offered as gifts, I never know what to say.
I struggle with witnessing to “peers”, friends or even those “acquaintance” friends I see only once in a while. It is fear of man, fear of being labeled and rejected. It is easier to witness to strangers than to those with whom you have a relationship. Even so, I seek out and desire relationships with these that the Lord puts on my heart. He gives me a love for them and a great desire for them to know, follow and worship Him. I feel this way about “Rachel”.
Hope y'all can make it! I solemnly promise I won't be long-winded or gross or cussing like usual, and I solemnly promise to embarrass someone near and dear to me.
2012-01-18 12:20
Declutter for 15 minutes a day: Once the visible clutter was sorted out, this got abandoned. I’ll have to start on the hidden stuff now.
I inherited his mom’s small collection of knitting and crocheting paraphernalia when she passed away in 2001. Thankfully, he along with my daughter and my best friend are enablers.
The cataclysm hardware requirements normal and ultra settings iѕ standard with rеgаrds to processing speed, storage space, sound and visual appeal. Gamers who utilize computers fоr video games wіll immediately identify thе difference іn thе experience based on the settings uѕed in thе hardware setup оf the computer.
1)Count and Match: Ghostly Counting is a mini book I made with pictures and numbers. The kids put ghost erasers on the page to match the number.
challenge his months challenge is sponsored by Pamela is giving two cds for the prize which is great thank you the cds are A Touch of Steampunk and A touch of Jazz
Just like there are many varieties of seeds available to plant for food, shade, or pleasure; there are endless seeds of thought we can plant for a multitude of outcomes. We can choose to plant the seeds of wholeness, wellness, joy, love, beauty, success, dreams, simplicity, harmony, balance, fun, creativity, relationships, communication, forgiveness, reconciliation, hope, faith, strength, courage, wisdom, completion, discipline, longevity, health, adventure, positivity and so much more… There are an infinite amount of seeds available to plant in the fertile soil of our consciousness. The trick is to continue nurturing them and not dig them up. When we plant a seed, we are expressing faith in Universal Laws or Truths that we can trust to manifest our desires. Tomato seeds produce tomatoes. They can’t produce cucumbers because that’s not the intention of their seeds. The same in true for planting seeds of joy, wisdom, love and anything else in life; they all correspond to the intention of that particular seed. Therefor, paying attention to the seeds we plant in our own minds, correspond with the outcomes we experience in our own lives.
So why isn’t the NRC and the Obama administration doing more to shed light on the extreme vulnerability of these irradiated fuel pools at Fukushima Daiichi, which threaten not only Japan but the U.S. and the world?
Chapters:different
Yuck! My sister said it reminded her of a poker chip. Gee, just the look I was going for. So I made it white again.
This is the third cake in a row last week, out of four (not counting the mini cakes). I almost officially feel like I want to take a break from baking for a week, but of course that'll never happen. There are so many delicious things to try and since time is very precious to me, I won't be wasting it :).
And sometimes forgot to flush,
Normally I come up with resolutions that last oh… a week or so and then go back to my old ways. (By the way, what’s so wrong with the old way of doing things?) But not this year. This year, I wrote my very first blog on January 1st and went on to write 22 more blog over the next 365 days. I surprised myself with my continued attention to this blog and the enjoyment I got from each writing session. It is incredibly liberating to just share stories from my life with whoever wants to listen. It’s been surprising to watch how many people view my stories, comment on them, and then… then… find out that people actually subscribed to my blog! (OK, so it’s like 6, but that’s REALLY exciting to me!)
1Jo 5:3 For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.
Some bullets that I might flesh out later in writing, but that I will certainly flesh out in my drosh today at Beth Yeshua (you have subscribed to our podcast, right?).
Photo Christmas Announcements Includes All Themes and kinds
If you have plans to travel anywhere in the world, then I would highly recommend looking through and seeing if you can help in any way, or if you know of a good cause, then why not get it listed on the site. Here is the link to our original page, which I will update shortly: http://www.stuffyourrucksack.com/charity.php?id=282
I haven’t been for a long walk with Snoops for a while. Since before New Year. I love taking him for challenging jaunts, and I think he loves get lost, etc, get him home and have him sink into an exhausted sleep of the knackered. I need to get out and get knackered! I actually love walking, but as I don’t drive this is a bit impossible. How can I get to Grassington on Saturday?
Buuuuuuuuut, like what that quote from American History X says:
I’m so touched by my friends and family that showed up bringing food, offering to take my kids out for awhile, lending shoulders to cry on, even just stopping by to see how I’m doing. The BEAUTIFUL flowers, the dinners, the chocolate covered strawberries, the cards, the books, the e-mails, the text messages, the voicemails, the prayers, the masses being said on our behalf, and even the Facebook posts and comments. It is awe inspiring to know that there are people praying for us who I do not even know.
Purchasers from my etsy store: Make your selection, entering coupon code: celebrateACE when prompted. This will deduct the shipping cost from your purchase. Proceed to PayPal and make your purchase and your additional 10% discount will be refunded to you within 24 hours, and most likely within a few hours of your purchase.
In the opening pages of the book of Acts Jesus was speaking to the church and said, “But you shall receive power (ability, efficiency, and might) when the Holy Spirit has come upon you, and you shall be My witnesses in Jerusalem and all Judea and Samaria and to the ends (the very bounds) of the earth.” (Acts 1:8 AMP) I like what Jesus did here. His last word of instruction was written to you, that you would be His witness to the very bounds of the earth.
I’m not certified yet, I still have two more things to complete but I think the hardest part is over!!
b. The name of a ship in Star Wars that measures distance in parsecs
And today I think we were well on our way with cracking the code of Austin by few breakfast tacos at Taco Deli. Afterward, just watching folks swim in the Barton Springs pool. Can't wait to hit that one in the summer time.
I learned that the world doesn't end if you have to put your dreams on hold awhile. My kids survived me not being home, and they actually flourished more with Marc this last year than I think they would have with me. It has given Marc's body time to heal and rest, and he has really connected with the 2 oldest. I'm sure he's dreading me going back to work in November, but I think he'll do great with Emily. Hopefully she continues to be a sweet baby!
In fact, the accuser informed UNC doctors that not only was she drunk, but she followed the dangerous course of consuming alcohol while taking Flexeril, risking side-effects that included badly impaired judgment.
I wasn't loving the metal frame so I covered it up with some gingham tape I had. Then I piled on my inspiration keepsakes... some photos, paint chips, fabric swatches, a Paris photo by Mrs. Limestone that I was given years ago, HandyMan's sketch for a new walkway, and some mini-bunting I made of washi tape for good measure.
Thank you to all of you for your support and encouragement throughout the past year and a bit! Reading comments on here and facebook regarding our blog entries was so encouraging!
I shot some promo photography again for Down To A Science who were relesing their new single and video. We had a lot of fun in Sutton Park trying out different techniques with my flash gun, including using car headlights in the pitch black!
Place the batter into a piping bag with a plain tip, and pipe away, leaving about 2 inches gap between the shells.
“What are you thinking of? What thinking? What?
Now I'm onto Freud's The Interpretation of Dreams. I'm only a few chapters in but it's fascinating reading Freud's hypothesis that all dreams are a form of wish-fulfillment which is backed up by detailed analysis of several of his own dreams, dreams of some of his patients and even dreams by some of his children. Even from a sociological perspective alone it is deeply interesting to see what people were dreaming about over a century ago!
I've had a bit of outrage lately. The news and interwebs have been covering lots of toddlers getting duct taped to walls or tape over their mouths or other ridiculous forms of child abuse that parents find funny enough to post to Twitter, Facebook, or send via phone to friends (here and here). In the second case I link to the parents were high and thought it was funny. I can't even really comment on that one I find it so offensive and disturbing. Let's just say I couldn't be an unbiased juror in their case to avoid the abuse they will experience with their jail time.
Why do they need money? Why are they going around like a crackhead looking for a fix?
I just finished the last block for this, too--this is my Layer Cake QAL quilt (with two substitutions), and the sashing is a bit more fancy for this one, so that's the next step.
Stevia works best when it is combined with strong flavors and textures and with foods that already have some natural sweetness. The general rule of thumb I've found is that a very scant 1/2 t of stevia = around 1 c of sugar. There is a small scoop in the bottle, which is probably a around 1/16th of a teaspoon. When I want to add more sweetness, I use QUARTER of a scoop at a time which is 1/32 of a TEASPOON! The conversions generally given with stevia is 1 teapsoon = 1 cup sugar. If you use this amount, you will experience a horrible aftertaste!
If there’s something you’ve been longing for that hasn’t made itself known to you as of yet, how do you feel about that? How do you feel about the fact that it isn’t “here” yet? Do you feel as if it’s already here and that it just hasn’t shown itself to you yet? Check your feelings about things because if you do, you’ll get the answers to questions that once alluded you. Don’t know why your perfect soul mate hasn’t made themselves known to you yet? Where is that perfect job? Why hasn’t a health situation reversed and healed itself? The answers to all these questions have everything to do with how you are feeling about these situations. Is there any fear or negativity connected to any of these issues? If you find that this is the case, don’t get attached to it, just acknowledge that it came up and let it go. This puts you so many more steps closer to getting the results you know will be yours shortly. How do you feel about the following statement? Feelings of the past have everything to do with today’s conditions. Your past feelings about an issue mirror exactly how that issue is taking its form in your life today.
RIYL: Ennio Morricone, Hugo Montenegro
i needed a couple of rookie cards, too - this one has richie zisk on it
America gave birth to some ridiculous endlines that just on paper made me laugh.
Then one day I was given her phone number by her mother who was visiting us from Chennai and without even knowing me personally Dr. Padmini started my distant energy healing along with my medication.
I can understand that those who aren't Christian might be intimidated or at least wary of the Christian Rock genre, but does that mean that it should be dismissed offhand, and its fans subjected to such abuse? I doubt a Christian would do the same to a Green Day in the same situation.
Minions: “RIGHT THERE, DORA!!! LOOK!!!”
3. Christoph Heemann "Walla Mashalla" (Xhol Caravan)
But it is unlikely that the authors of Gospel of Thomas, Gospel of Truth, Gospel of Philip, or the several apocryphal Acts ever wanted their texts to be part of a NT collection.
Tsp cherry balsamic (normal works fine too!)
The electric powered engine was a trend for a while as the trolley traveled throughout city streets, tied to their electric connection. Above is a trolley that was standard transportation for thirty years or more to the town in which I live to the city of Des Moines.
‘I read a book’ he replied.
Winning the Champions League is something of a holy grail for the manager and any chance of success will be tempered by his three match ban. That he has chosen not to appeal the harshness of the penalty is interesting: an exasperation with Uefa that any appeal is likely to fail or equally as likely, an admission of guilt? I wonder if those who opine that all players should have their suspensions wiped for finals will join me in noting that managers should not be banned as it generally serves little or no purpose.
Over a beer we discussed my concern that I was letting go of some of the joy in order to make way for rubrics, progress charts, compliant bulletin boards and scripted curricula. She, in her brilliance, helped me see a way to navigate the demands of the Common Core Standards and the child-centered work we have been doing at our school for more than a decade.
Jones blots his copy book slightly when he concedes a penalty. A two goal lead has done nothing to White Horse's bedside manner, as they insist Jones should be sent off. He gets a yellow. White Horse then score from the spot. At this stage I'm just hoping we can keep the score down. I give Dan Allen a ten minute run out. He has spent the second-half marooned in the one place substitutes fear above all else - stranded on the far side of the pitch as linesman. His reward is a late consolation goal - following in to hook high into the net. This makes him an unlikely joint top scorer with two. However, the goal brings the mutest of celebrations. This Saturday Burridge travel to Christchurch in the Hampshire Cup.
I slinked away, knowing that this kitten would be the only one that man would chase and my raise will soon be coming.
I found two pairs of boots for winter, without prices. I tried them on, they fit perfectly and I took them up to the counter. Sometimes it hard to know how much things are going to be at oppy's, so I just had my fingers crossed that they weren't going to be more than $10 each. I figured that this is still a bargain, and saves me looking for winter shoes in the department stores.
Off I went to grandma’s antique cedar chest which has become the repository of all things near and dear to my heart over the last 29 years. As I dug through the boxed champagne flutes from our wedding, the handmade baby sweater set ready to be passed down to a future grandchild (way in the future please!) and the assorted lace linens and tablecloths bequeathed to me from past generations, I found it. Nestled at the bottom of the chest was the “binder”. The way I lifted it out of the chest, you would have thought it contained the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Genre : Action, Comedy
Of course, that meant that the Dodgers would trade him to the Marlins along with Mike Piazza. The No. 27 trade jinx lives on.
Or alot of maths.
Prep Time: 6 minutes
On September 12, 1905, approximately 100 people met in a loft over Peck’s Restaurant, at 140 Fulton Street, in lower Manhattan. The purpose of the meeting was to strategize the overthrow of the Christian worldview that still pervaded much of American culture and to replace it with the ideas of a then rather unknown writer by the name of Karl Marx. They called the organization they formed that day the Intercollegiate Socialist Society.
Let me explain the title for you non-HP-loving-nerdlets. Obliviate is a spell that Hermione uses in Deathly Hallows Pt. 1 to erase the memory of her from her parents’ minds. I wish I had this spell.
I express all that I am, without apology.
Thus there is a specific merit to any work that requires repeated action of a similar kind, because it provides a solid foundation for you to explore and mess with your own parameters, to experiment freely and discover new things.
Edmund Wilson vs Vladimir Nabokov
“A click means nothing, earns no revenue and creates no brand equity." says Starcom USA SVP/Director, Research & Analytics John Lowell. Which, I'm afraid, is not a terribly encouraging statement about the value of "interactivity."
2-16-2012
Better wifi capabilities or 4G for payment:
So . . . if we wanted to drag the TV out of the closet and hook it up, we could watch The Office live! Instead of on the internet the next day!
an endless foreplay
Not all the plants are easily visible there, but starting at the top there’s rosemary, then sage (on the left) and oregano, then chives, lemon balm, more chives, and at the bottom of the bed some thyme. I’ve also sown some rocket in the left and right corners, and some coriander in the gaps between the chives and thyme.
The man with the hardest-core literary podcast running, Edward Champion is not afraid to ruffle feather (or not pluck them out entirely), and we need a little piss and vinegar.
President Mbeki meanwhile prefers to refer to everybody with a paler skin than his own with the racist nomer of "whites" - which he often uses as an insult during parliamentary debates.
Zhang J, Cai W, Lee DJ. Occupational hazards and pregnancy outcomes. Am J Ind Med 1992; 21: 397-408.
Since we're talking about a sound and light show, it makes sense that Yannatos ends where he began, with the same harp glissandi and tense, quick alternation of notes in the strings we started with. That's because despite all the spinning of lights and swirling sounds, we're still recognizing one stationary object — here, the earth. (Yes, Sheldon Cooper, we know that the earth actually moves.) The movements' geopolitical titles suggest a journey, but the world is still the world, just as Notre Dame is still Notre Dame.
Reading a chapter of Penrose the Mathematical Cat about impossible shapes led to some drawing practice, trying to copy the shapes and also to draw impossible shapes of our own. Drawing impossible shapes is actually quite fun and I think it a great way to explore drawing three-dimensional objects. To draw a shape that looks almost possible but not quite possible you have to really think about what you're doing and what each space is supposed to represent.
The Boers are entitled under international law to self determination.
Schumann’s ‘So wahr die Sonne scheiner,’ a Rückert setting for alto and bass duet, sounded rather lovely: modest, but heartfelt, a welcome change from the over-determination of the conducted works. ‘Tanzlied,’ for soprano and tenor, benefited from a winning lilt to the waltz and its progress; the soprano shone, but the tenor again proved a bit of a trial. Two of Schumann’s Fantasiestücke followed, given by whichever was the pianist who had not performed the piece by Clara. ‘Aufschwung’ was dextrous, though it sounded closer to Mendelssohn than to a progenitor of Brahms. The performance was not especially probing, but pleasant enough, if short-breathed; it stopped very abruptly. ‘Warum?’ exhibited a fine piano touch, though it was perhaps unduly insistent.
Know that an envious and jealous person
It was a very misty day, so I didn't take many pictures, and the few I took did not turn out very good. But on our way down we came across a bird of prey, and I wish we'd had the camera out then. We decided to stop at a few of the stopping places along the road, and the first one we stopped at was completely empty, or so we thought. As we got out of the car, a huge bird took off from the fence surrounding the stopping place, startling us. We tried to spot it again, only having seen a cream like flurry thing that dove down the cliff. We did manage to spot it flying off, and all I can say was that it was white/cream like on the belly and the wingtips were black.
Answer: I don’t think there is anything more significant about America than any other country, like Uganda perhaps, but I think it is definitely significant that people in America are waking up to Orthodoxy. People who have never had any relationship with Orthodoxy are led to it, simply because they heard the word preached, and they begin to wake up to see it. In a country that is totally Christianized supposedly, they wake up and see that all that is called Christianity is not really Christianity; and they want Orthodoxy. That could very well be one of the signs of the end.
1. Love Comes In Spurts
Tip: Do not dress like this...
Hi Readers! Here’s a terrifying but wonderful story of what happened when a mom going about 55 miles an hour suddenly blacked out – with her three kids in the car. Thank goodness one was a very smart, quick-thinking young man. Let’s remember the things our kids are capable of instead of treating them all like precious little dumb-dumbs.
July 15 – Montreal, QC @ Parc Jean-Drapeau
shall laugh
About Jennifer Roback Morse
Does Jesus hold a grudge? No way. He says.”I’ve come so that you will have life, and abundant life at that!” Are these the words of man holding a grudge? I don’t think so! Do you want to learn how to forgive? Seek out the Master, the Lord Jesus Christ. Your first lesson will be to experience the forgiveness that he offers. Give him your mistakes, your rebellious choices, your mean-spirited behavior.
If you are going to a cocktail party, snack on healthy snacks about an hour before you head out. This will keep you fuller and you’ll be able to better resist the temptation of those delicious-looking crab cakes! A handful of almonds or a few celery sticks with almond butter will keep you satisfied for a few hours! If you’re a female at a cocktail party, your job just got easier. Pick an awesome handbag or clutch that doesn’t have a strap. Therefore you have one hand occupied by holding your bag and the other, a drink (see below for alcohol tips). No free hand for snacks…problem solved! Men? Well you’re on your own, maybe offer to hold you’re lovely lady’s purse! Who says chivalry is dead?
Morning everyone. Here it is midmorning and I'm still in my jammies and surfing the blog sights. Day off and I've decided I'm having a lazy day (with just a bit of house work thrown in).
Why are they going to all these different countries and trying to scam money off of them? Why can’t they just print dollars and make more money?
Amenities include:
This book by Beth Moore was recommended to me by one of my best friends (whom I have been missing a lot since the move).
But Judson went there with his 23-year-old wife of 17 months. He was 24 years old and he worked there for 38 years until his death at age 61, with one trip home to New England after 33 years. The price he paid was immense. He was a seed that fell into the ground and died.
My camera isn’t the best… and it got a little damaged… so quality is down. and level of blurriness is up.
Monkey Munch. Muddy Buddies. Or even Monkey Buddies. Whatever the name, I could eat a gallon of this stuff. Make it in a quick minute! Here's the recipe!
Image, Pablo Picasso, Studio with Plaster Head, 1925.
For years I’ve waited for you to stand up and lead your family. I am in thankful absence of my father but I struggle with my relationship with you. I love you and I would beat up Ninjas, travel across the world, take out a clergyman, and turn water into wine if it would keep you safe.
_Peter Hessler, 42, Ridgway, Colo. Long-form journalist whose work explores life in Reform Era China.
“He irritates the fuck out of me. He’s got carried away with his own scepticism about the internet and it’s become a self-fulfilling prophesy.” Another blogger, on the subject of yours truly.
Got to bend real well and grip real hard.
Acts 22:7,8b
Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-heat. Add onion and saute 3 minutes. Add anchovies, garlic and dried red pepper; saute 2 minutes. Mix in the diced tomatoes with juices, clams with juices, wine and the tomato paste. Bring the sauce to a boil, while constantly stirring. Reduce heat to low and simmer until it’s slightly thickened, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes.
Both the Pizzeria and the Public House open at 11:00 a.m. on the 26th. Note also that Bank Street Brewhouse is CLOSED on Friday, to reopen Saturday at 11 a.m.
Meanwhile dissolve the saffron in few teaspoons of milk and keep aside.
I was welcomed with opened arms by everyone. I was respected by command staff as well simply because they know that I have 28 years of experience. I was treated like a man again and not like somebody that just can't do any better or make it on the street. I know with time and learning their system I am gonna love it! The best part is I get to share it with my girl who is the love of my old ass life. I know I have a lot more days behind me than I do ahead of me but I sure am excited about sharing it with her and all of you again! I'm Out And We'll Talk Later!
Soooo drinkable, smooth and enjoyable.
A little FYI for you - The JustRite Original Stamp Retirement Sales Ends March 21st. After March 21st all these great stamp sets will return to full price. These are the lowest JustRite Original Prices of the Year!
We must have fallen asleep before our Mama’s got home because when I woke up the next morning, Jeff was still under the tent, curled in blankets beside me. I poked him in the ribs before turning the TV to cartoons. He sat up blinking and rubbing his eyes. His hair stuck up all over his head and I laughed at him. He punched me in the arm. Our range breakfast was two bowls of cereal and orange juice. We sat Indian style and watched the Roadrunner outsmart the Coyote over and over again.
But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed. For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision. And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation. But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all, If thou, being a Jew, livest after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, why compellest thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?
Sound like fun? So here's the challenge for the Guest DT spot for January 2012.
They tried their hand at disco in 1979 with "Boogie on Up / Don't Stop Me" 7"
On April 1, Stephen Moore, writing in The Wall Street Journal, said, “It gets worse. More Americans work for the government than work in construction, farming, fishing, forestry, manufacturing, mining and utilities, combined.”
Conspicuous by their absence, though, was the small group of hardcore Islamists whose 2009 protest against soldiers returning to Luton from Afghanistan had caused so much anger across the town.
I’ll also take responsibility for this in-class party! The seniors in my seventh block counted down the final seconds to the bell on the last day of school. Just like New Year’s, we set off horns and party poppers when the bell rang. It was pure awesome.
Your Sister Louise S. _____
I'm going there no more to roam
Here is the latest from Big Movies For Little Kids, the super fun film series at Cobble Hill Cinemas. Besides celebration its 7th anniversary, the series continues to introduce little ones to movie classics from all genres and eras.
The book does contain some pre-adolescent themes that parents and teachers may want to watch out for with younger (less mature) readers, but this is a great book for bright and precocious readers of any age.
It’s gonna be like a river beneath the streets that’s burst it’s banks.
If they only knew
If you didn't sketch it out, sit up for hours beading it while breaking needles, bleeding and missing out on much-needed sleep until all hours of the night, then sit down and write out the seventeen-page tutorial complete with illustrations that made you sweat more blood, you have no right to sell it.
Gil Hodges remains, Still, a real part of our lives in Brooklyn. OldBrooklynFan ~ Don't you agree?
Perhaps the most
So it is surprising when Eliezer gets a call from the Israeli Minister of Education congratulating him on the receipt of the Israel Prize, the highest honor in the Jewish academic world. This is a validation on Eliezer’s entire career and this belated recognition transforms the dour old man.
29.6 Miles per day average
So today I am giving you all a little update to how this project 10 pan has been going along. First, I would like to say that it is taking me longer then I thought and to be honest I thought that I would be at least half-way throw, but I am not. So far I have just finished 3 products (which it’s not so bad).
This neighborhood makes for a great walking tour, and also claims some top-notch old-school Italian restaurants. If you're anywhere near St. Louis, it's worth the detour.
Here are some booths from last fall:
We remember what Paul wrote:
Ann Pearlman
with abetting Datuk Soh Chee Wen in using a scheme to defraud Omega
Pattern requires Hooks H (5mm) and F(3.75 mm) and worsted weight yarn. Hook F is only for the flower. I used Red Heart Super Saver, Loops and Threads Impeccable and Vanna's choice worsted weight yarn. It is written in standard American terms and includes 4 sizes: 0-3, 3-6, 6-9 and 9-12 months. Stitches used are single crochet, slip stitch and half double crochet.
it was a profitable trip:).
And with this, ladies and gentlemen, we´re almost there - add your velcro to the front and to the flap, and go out with your shiny new wallet. Show it to everybody and tell them how cool recycling is :)
I don’t care if it’s gonna rain, our little room is warm and stable.
the budgeted premium as the initial premium for each plan. This “face solve”
The DA stands firmly opposed to both these ideas. Withholding comment has implications for neither of these two sentiments. It is perfectly possible to hold a critical opinion of and to protest against the conduct of a journalist and to stand opposed to those two developments.
My other birthday wish would be for you to support Leary Firefighters Foundation through my participation with Team LFF in the upcoming NYC Marathon. You can support with your words if you’re unable to do so with your pocketbook. Just tell a couple people you know about LFF and ask them to tell someone else.
We also had to have bread sauce. You can not have a roast chicken without having bread sauce!
be sure to use the medication until the fungus is completely gone. With current medications, two to three weeks of treatment may be enough to treat athlete’s foot fungus. Stubborn cases of
Millie xx
LOVE the colors...
“Antebellum history is dominated by men,” McCall said, “so not much is known about many of the women.”
Downtown...Mrs. Miller
You can always get a free meal at UMass, provided you are willing to confine your diet to the three major food groups: hotdogs, pizza and candy. Here's some cotton candy being given out this week at the UMass Gaypril Queerfest.
I am wanting him to homeschool but he is not as keen so I am trying my best to support him as I am worried he is starting to feel conflicted. I think he has realised you don't need school to learn but enjoys even if it is boring, repetitive and easy for him. Or as he told me today "Its in the realm of ordinary." He is an autodidact and has the ability to discover things and learn on his own. Most of what he tells me goes over my head, being science and maths based.
It was packed. I could see multiracial participants, the Malays, Chinese and Indians. Truly Malaysian crowd. Peaceful. I also saw a few university students wearing purdah to cover their faces.
husband was home for 5 days..
Saturday: 12 – It was the last double digit run of training, and for some reason it was a lot tougher than it should’ve been! B was still hurting so only made it three, but I was determined to complete the whole run. The achilles pain was acting up – maybe I’m still recovering from last week’s 20 miler?
It was a story of adventure and family, of fear and adversity - the Canadian children's book, The Secret World of OG. I still have my battered up copy, with masking tape keeping the cover intact, the rough pages worn and creased. As a child, my dad and I would read it together - one chapter a night. I think it was my favourite book, simply because of those shared moments.
Yeap! These are our two boys who are in the snip-snip clinic today. Marcus Antonius is the sibling of Julius Caesar who crossed the rainbow bridge late last year.
RESPECT.
Original: Bottled September 19, 2009
6.) I met Mr. M when I was eighteen, got engaged at twenty-two, married at twenty-three. If you had told me when I was sixteen that this would be the course of events, I probably would have told you to stop smoking the hard stuff. But now I wouldn’t change anything for double the world, or more.
May First Believers,
life gets a bit much, I make sure to at least give a group
I AM SUPER EXCITED!!!
4. Queen Victoria Market – Melbourne, Australia
“You have got to be joking,” said Lord Bath to himself, glancing over at the ruins of his companion and fumbling in his pack for more gemstones to transmute into bombs.
I pass it everyday on the way to the train station and every time I say to myself “I should find out about classes”. I had put it off and procrastinated for weeks, because of fear. I was afraid of being the ‘new kid in class’, I was afraid of ‘not being good enough’, I was afraid of ‘disappointing myself’. I thought “I’ll call them up, maybe they have a beginner class I can start off in just so I can ease back into the grove of things and not be to far out of my comfort zone”. I called and the answer was “umm no sorry, we don’t really have ‘levels’ of hip hop, but each teacher teaches a different style of hip hop.” Okay, I though, So what your telling me is that I have no choice but to go into what will most definitely an extremely advanced dance class? Yes.
~ Mr. LIW
I hope you'll stick with me at my new home. After all, at day 1,214 I can hardly call myself a "new" unschooler any longer! I'm sure I'll still have something to say about unschooling every now and then, but for the most part it's just become such a natural part of our lives that I rarely even think about it let alone feel like writing something about it. If I do have something to say about unschooling I'll post it on the new blog where my focus will be on getting myself and my house in order so my family can take full advantage of the freedom unschooling has given us.
this summer in a 3-bdrm, 3-
Wanna try terrorists like citizens? Yup, him too.
On the fun and more creative side, early last week we took a field trip to the grocery store and looked at all of the creative vegetables that are found in the produce section. We purchased several and had a veggie party for snack. Later in the week we used several veggies as stamps to create a veggie and flower garden like the one Peter Rabbit raided in "The Tale of Peter Rabbit".
I knew Mr 9 was feeling better yesterday, when around mid-morning he announced he was suddenly starving.
To inspire you, here are the cards TEAM S.A.S. has made this week using our sponsor's images:
How much lower can it get before it prompts skittish buyers off the sidelines and into making what is likely to be the biggest investment of their lives? Who knows?
when i was little - really little - think 3 or 4, we always had little tapes playing that we would sing along with. i feel like i remember those almost more than any i hear now. i still find myself humming them sometimes.
Defending World champion Allyson Felix embarked on a sprint double for Daegu so split her time between here and the 400. The 400 strength paid off early with wins in Daegu (Pre Worlds, Jun 12) and New York, but her lack of sizzling times was a portent for the future. Actually a portent for the season as up to the June “National Championships” period for various countries, no one really put down a marker that said “I am this year’s favorite” – especially with VCB already sporting a loss.
My throat it still tastes like house fire and salt water
The next main course was Dark Sauce Big Head Prawn, another signature dish. The prawns were pretty big, and were cut into half. When the dish was presented, every prawn was coated by the caramelised soy sauce which was so rich and thick. It made the prawns tasted extremely scrumptious.
especially under these circumstances.
You’re right: thanks for clarifying. :-)
Instead of requiring new immigrants to integrate into our society and conform to its public values, we encourage and subsidize anti-American, woman-hating, freedom-denying bigotry in the name of toleration.
As he has so often in the past Carey assured the officer that he was just a hard working actor, not a wanted criminal.
I was sitting here thinking...I have a pic. of my Mom when she was probably in her 20's, happy, smiling, dancing with some hot Latino, and it made me question...did she go through postpartum anxiety and depression with my sister and I? And why haven't I thought about that until now?
The management approved the refurbishment of the generators by Julius
An interesting, but disturbing, phenomenon I picked up while reading the news reports, was the role played by the excessive use of alcohol in several murder cases. It also appears to be the main cause of road fatalities in the country. Although I myself enjoy a glass of good red wine on occasion, or a cold beer when I’m hot and thirsty, they don’t call this stuff “SPIRITS” for nothing!
Week 2 has gone well! I only had one food slip, which is amazing in my opinion. I went to a baby shower, so I had some snacks which included a brownie and mini-canolli. Well worth it I must say! I got in all my workouts and then some. I'm now 10 pounds away from my goal and I am confident that it will happen. Although I shouldn't be, I'm worried for month 2 of Insanity. The workouts get so long! I notice though that I'm much more fit than the first time around so the month 1 workouts are tough but not ridiculous like they used to be.
so it will be so cute if magpie does the 3rd person thing just like emme grace....fingers crossed ;)
or the moon cries
-Blog
A9 Venerea - Sex Is Really Fun
I am so glad that you have stopped by my Sweet Things Handmade blog. I am sponsoring a blog candy give away for my new blog. All you have to do is become a follower and leave me a comment. When I reach 100 followers I will pick a winner. So why not become a follower of my Sweet Things Handmade. In the blog candy you will receive several packages of eyelets, rhinestones and die cut letters (upper and lower case alphabet). You can use these die cuts in almost any of the leading die cut machines.
Kristen, have a great time at the Met Gala tonight. You have my full permission to reveal any part of your body that you wish. This is an appropriate venue for bare skin. If I may make some suggestions: Upper Thigh, Lower Back, Clavicles, Abdomen. Feel free to pick and choose from my list. Be creative. Slits are a perfectly acceptable vehicle for exposing all areas of the leg.
I'd like to share a card today that was inspired by another cute design in my Holiday Cards Paper Craft Magazine. The card in the magazine was done with a light blue tree, and while it was adorable I guess I am just a traditional gal and had to make it green. I'd like to enter it in the challenge this week at Celebrate The Occasion. This week is Christmas, no red.
Donna Britton and Family – Eek Eek Gock Gock Boing Boing
Khan academy & fun Math games
A change of mood
17. Dale Robertson
So what's your design style? Does your house reflect who you are, your personality? If you take any of these quizzes, I'd love to hear what your design style is and if you agree with it.
All of these suggestions lead to allowing yourself not to be letdown. Especially if it is you setting the expectations. Goals are important and helpful. Unrealistic goals are harmful and pointless. At every level, your brain (conscious and subconscious) enjoys and celebrates success in any task, no matter what the scale.
Back to our regular programming. Angela's birthday card. Where was I? Gosh, I'm tired. Oh yeah. The image. I redid it. A cute image, don't you think? It is Lucy and Kitty from the Stampavie Sarah Kay collection. I stamped the image with Memento ink on Cryogen CS. I also used Stampin' Up CS and Basic Grey Sweet Threads DSP, which I distressed with my Zutter Distrezz-it-All. I die-cut leaves with a die by Marianne Designs, a doily and flourishes with dies by Memory Box, a doily with a die by Cheery Lynn, and a leaf with a die by Spellbinders. I also used a border punch, a tag punch, and a sentiment stamp from Stampin' Up. I inked the edges of the image with VersaMagic Dew Drop chalk ink. Flowers are from Wild Orchid Crafts, Stampin' Up and Prima, with a pearl center from Martha Stewart Crafts. I found a bit of miscellaneous ribbon from my stash to add to the flowers. I accented the image with a Signo Uniball white gel pen. And, of course, as always, the image was colored with Copics: R81, R83, R85, G40, G82, G85, YR20, E000, E00, E11, E13, E31, E35, E42, E43, E44.
There is something special about a grandmother’s wisdom and approach to life. My grandmother taught me how to love people just as naturally as she taught me to make peach cobbler and buttermilk biscuits. There were no recipes in my grandmother’s kitchen, just the family memory of dishes served with the flavor of love. Each dish prepared had a little bit of this, and a dash of that, with a little more of this over here. And yet this unscientific approach produced food that still makes my mouth water when I think about it. In the kitchen, I was required to get my hands dirty, to experiment with dough until my pie crusts were perfect; to keep working at those seasonings until I produced an acceptable batch of collard greens. I learned to cook by cooking, making mistakes, starting over, cleaning up, tasting along the way, and serving others with joy.
When human eyes doth pierce thy veil sublime.
“I’ll leave her in the crate with some food. Will you be able to take her outside? I feel so bad making you do that if you’re sick, but we have to stay consistent so she can get house trained quickly.”
fuckable abundance, breasts bouncing
The bottom card is one of the Wildflowers stamped onto shrink plastic.
I strongly believe it is important for every couple to have time together without children underfoot. Like a garden, a marriage needs to be tended. Both need to be fed and watered and given attention. The weeds need to be pulled and the disagreements worked out. If either is ignored, they will suffer and eventually perish.
"Other": 20%
Finally, it’s all starting to coming together.
i want to be your telephone
Liv Ullmann was already a well known actress, because of the films she had made with Ingmar Bergman starting with 1966’s Persona. Strangely enough, she got her first nomination for a Swedish film, but not under Ingmar Bergman’s direction. Even with her popularity in the States, it was still unusual for a foreign actress to get into Oscar’s line-up. On her side she had a Golden Globe win for this performance, and also from the New York Film Critics Circle; The Emigrants itself was surprisingly a Best Picture nominee. All these helped secure the nomination.
Despite my inclination for home and hearth occasionally I must hoist myself out of the lounge and into the big wide world to give my children experiences beyond their small hometown and away from the digital activities that seem to control their free-time.
Now you should start reading my blog. :)
My visitors have come and gone, three loads of laundry have been done and the house is back to normal. I think they enjoyed themselves. A male cousin (in his early forties and single) who I hadn't seen in at least 15 or 16 years came into town. Our families were very close in childhood. He said he was bringing a friend and I assumed it was a male friend. So I had arranged to put them in the guest room where we have 2 twin beds. Lo and behold it was an attractive female friend and not a girlfriend either! I had to ask if this would be a problem but they said it would be ok. For sure, my cousin said he didn't mind, lol!
Any the how, I was watching the trailer, and for some reason I was watching it in Russian* (it being Russian is actually highly important) and I was pondering Terrence Howard, doing his crying face again. And then this happened:
* South African rape of both white women and men is the highest in the world. Nowhere is this crime more prevalent. It is a victory dance on the ruins of a submitted people only the people that are responsible for any grievance claims are untouchable or long gone.
447. One Peanut Butter Egg @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 4:22 p.m.
Combat in this series is fairly standard, a ‘roll’ is done to determine who goes first and from there is it standard RPG fair. Players cannot attack until there meter fills up with item use being the shortest and special attacks taking the longest, standard attacks being the middle. A characters speed will also determine how long it takes for them to prepare an attack. Enemies have various weaknesses and resistances but some of them come out of the blue, for instance mimes are impervious to special attacks but weak to basic ones.
In my day we saved short forms for complicated things like a “bacon, lettuce and tomato” sandwich – not as a way of saving 5 god damned key strokes.
Now Tawa was gone.
CALLER: It was the younger generation that did it. It wasn't the older white people who did it.
A weekly Monday meme hosted by Shelia at Book Journey. Post what you read last week and what you're planning to read this week then link to Shelia's post. Then visit, visit,visit! She has a comment contest going on each week tied to the meme.
That's it for me today. If you've missed any of my previous posts, you can click on the link on the right-hand side of my blog. Now that you've seen my work, head on over to Traci's site and see what she's working on today.
The Prime Minister also discussed his big day out with the President in Ohio, where he got personal Presidential tutoring on "bracketology."
Tom said nothing for a while, then in a quieter voice simply said "I'd like that, I'd like it a great deal"
Must Subscribe/or be a Follower of the MB's Treasurista Blog
As for November, check back soon. Whatever it brings,I’m looking forward to it.
Oh and I must also say thank you to my grandma, who took me grocery shopping on Saturday. She bought me around $100 worth of groceries (she bought some stuff for my mom and also for a family BBQ we are having for memorial day) and was trying to get me to get more things. I just told her what we had was fine, which I'm glad I did because she used her credit card. I'm sure she was only using it for the bonus points she gets on her credit card, but I didn't want to put her in a financial bind too...especially since we owe her so much money in rent. So we are eternally thankful for the people who have helped us this last week!
The mass media are drawn into a symbiotic relationship with powerful sources of information by economic necessity and reciprocity of interest. The media need a steady, reliable flow of the raw material of news. They have daily news demands and imperative news schedules that they must meet. They cannot afford to have reporters and cameras at all places where important stories may break. Economics dictates that they concentrate their resources where significant news often occurs, where important rumors and leaks abound, and where regular press conferences are held. The White House, the Pentagon, and the State Department, in Washington, D.C., are central nodes of such news activity. On a local basis, city hall and the police department are the subject of regular news “beats” for reporters. Business corporations and trade groups are also regular and credible purveyors of stories deemed newsworthy. These bureaucracies turn out a large volume of material that meets the demands of news organizations for reliable, scheduled flows. Mark Fishman calls this “the principle of bureaucratic affinity: only other bureaucracies can satisfy the input needs of a news bureaucracy.”
TimeSplitters: Approaching Perfect
Satchurated was recorded and filmed in front of a live audience during Satriani’s “The Wormhole Tour”, supporting his studio album Black Swans and Wormhole Wizards, at the Metropolis in Montreal, Canada. The December 12, 2010 concert was filmed by GRAMMY and EMMY award-winning concert filmmakers Pierre and Francois Lamoureux. Satchurated: Live in Montreal was recently released for a limited engagement on March 1, 2012 to select theatres throughout the country. The high-definition recording makes Satriani’s performance as much a pleasure to see by DVD, as it is to hear by CD.
This is essentially like the typical batch party, except you don’t even have to assemble your own meals or worry about trying to coordinate a day to get together that works for everyone. I assemble the meals and freeze them for you until the pickup date. With this service you don’t even have to be in town. Imagine coming home from vacation and having a freezer full of meals to keep you going while you unpack and tackle the mountain of vacation laundry. The cost for a virtual party is only an additional $15 per person! Please let me know if you have any questions or are interested in participating in a virtual party.
Elvis?! Please! A man who had a voice, period. He was about as sharp as a Doorknob and had about zero writing or instrumental talent.
I finally found the secret to perfect burp cloths. More correctly, the secret landed in my hands thanks to my friend Lisa, who whipped up these little gems.
2. Darn That Dream
Today, will be Princess first kind of celebration that involves other than myself and my family members. Princess got a chance to celebrate with her friends in childcare...
I have been attaching a number to various treats to count down the days. The kids were pleasanlty surprised when this showed up hanging on their doors. The "I" is for my son and even though the stockings are pretty feminine he doesn't care as long as it has chocolate inside!
If you are really needing the sugar fix, I’d like to suggest to you that you may be missing something and may want to consider this. One of the major things we find when testing people are sugar handling problems. It’s huge! That’s why Biotics and our other nutraceutical companies make products to deal with this modern phenomena. Biotics make Bio-Glycozyme Forte that can be used like a Multi Vitamin to help support your blood sugar…that’s what you are really looking for when you want the sugar is the lift you get…BUT remember it’s an artificial lift that drops you down again and then you are looking for the 3rd Mars bar of the day! BioGlycozyme will give you body the nutrients to stop this reaction. Email us if you would like to order this.
Latin Name: Trifolium pratense spp.
If you are interested, please contact Carol directly at sales@classact.ca with a Subject Heading of "Design Team". In your email, let her know which stamp line you are interested in, and she will send you more information and tell you everything you need to know about expectations and the application process!
earlier notes were deeper,
I doubt those were her exact words, but you get the gist.
doing the illustrations and playing the song,"One Love"
We had lunch at “Ta Wan”, a Chinese restaurant in the mall and then went to a cafe, Secret Recipe to give our girls some treat for their birthdays. Unfortunately, our second girl fell asleep, so she didn’t get to enjoy!
The PACE trials are designed, created and performed by those who view ME/CFS as a consequence of wrong illness beliefs or deconditioning.
Hope you enjoyed my little project today! I have one more to share... possibly even today since tomorrow is Christmas Eve and will be busy for most of us. :)
Omnia El Shakry — Associate Professor of History
Pie out.
CHINESE SECRET SOCIETY OFFERS PROTECTION
How about you? Do you pin? Or are you annoyed by the name like me? If you're on, check out my boards: http://pinterest.com/jennykacz/. If you're not and want to be, hit me up for an invite (assuming I can figure out how)!
In the same pot you cooked the pasta, heat olive oil over medium heat and add scallions and capers; cook for 30 seconds. Add pasta and toss until ingredients are mixed. Add cream and allow cream to cover all the pasta and become warm. Finally add chopped smoked salmon and allow to warm up in the pasta. Add lemon zest. Toss, and season with lots of fresh black pepper. Salt if necessary. (Bear in mind that smoked salmon AND capers are both salty.)
The following passage caught my attention:
In a heavy duty pot, slowly melt butter, sugar, and corn syrup until the mixture begins to change colors, hard ball stage. Pop 3/4 cup of popcorn, place in an oven-proof container and into the oven to keep warm.
Very soon I realized that Christians sometimes can be incredibly fixated on sexuality, for while they emphasized the wrong and sinful in homosexuality, they left out other things in the Bible that are considered sinful and an “abomination”, such as idolatry (and it may be a lot in life), theft, lies, adultery, infidelity and selfishness, of which some of this happend frequently in my church. I’ll will soon return to that.
Do-it-yourself satirical craft projects were not typically featured in editorial cartoons, or anywhere else in newspapers for that matter. I love his version of Grace Drayton's fey Cambell's kids. Below, of course, no "Man Style" cartoonist could resist a prohibition gag:
On your mark. Get set. GO!
And the colour he choose fits me perfectly. Hahahaha. Their makeup base actually set a smooth base for your face, minimizing pores. I used their cream foundation and it's pretty good! Its really easy to apply, like very easy to spread and fits my skin perfectly. And their concealer really conceal very well, plus he used it for highlights.
We knew we wouldn’t be pasturing these hens, so that meant an additional chore of bringing greens to them each day. The hens get our house compost, which consists of coffee grounds, peelings, anything the dogs don’t eat, and egg shells about every other day. Also they get anything from the garden that needs pulling, or culling. About once a week they get a wheelbarrow of stable cleanings. There are enzymes in manure that help the chickens digest their food, plus they find ”yummy” stuff in there too.
It has been written that the sole purpose in writing is to tell the truth, and yet if I’m to be perfectly truthful with myself, I haven’t always done that here. While I’ve succeeded in avoiding overt falsehood, the simple act of refraining from deception is not quite the same thing as being entirely honest. Omitting items from one’s narrative isn’t the same as telling lies, but the overall effect might be the same.
I asked the detective if the body had been identified. He nodded.
I am God, even thy God. Ps. 50:7
Maybe I’m just getting old?
Ooh, I want to tell you, it's a long run
Losing my respect for people.
People think of Churchill principally as a politician. But he was so much more. He was a writer of brilliance, an historian who wrote in simple and beautiful terms. I don’t suppose he ever read the essays of George Orwell, particularly those on the degeneration of language in modern political discourse. But he committed none of the sins that Orwell warns of. His speeches were poetic in intensity, with a simple message full of vivid and memorable phrases and images. People have their favourites, and here the Fight them on the Beaches and Never in the Field of Human conflict orations come to mind. They are good but my particular favourite is the one he delivered at the most desperate moment in British history, just after the capitulation of France, the one in which the expression the Battle of Britain was coined for the first time;
“This was a very serious threat that could have cost many, many lives if it had gone through,” Representative Peter T. King, Republican from Long Island, said in an interview with WPIX-TV. “It would have been a horrible, damaging tragedy. There’s a real threat from homegrown terrorists and also from jailhouse converts.” NYT said.
Whatever you do, do not fall in love with one of them. Because it will weaken your defences, cause you to smile or laugh, to sweat, to show emotion. And most of all, nothing can ever come of it. But your death. You fall in love, you die.
Wow I havent posted on here since thanksgiving. :( Am so sorry. I have been off my a game since around that time. I have things ready to cut on my gypsy just need to get them cut out. Tomorrow is a new day and I really do hope to have some new things to post this coming week.
March 23, 2012: Today only- TONI&GUY Facebook fans will get a FREE TIGI lipgloss of their choice with any cosmetic purchase over $25.
Or, more succinctly: Islam is a Western liberal’s dream religion.
i’m not certain if i wanted to untie you with lovely barely a year ago but i’m certain that i don’t think she fits to be with you.
What do these games have in common? They involve projectiles of some type, flying through the air in directions and at speeds that are hard to predict and hard to control. They involve plenty of learning, if you're into that sort of thing. And they also serve as a wonderful source of physical activity on days when we need or want to stay indoors.
Don’t have to query (no rejection letters!)
Savannah “Van” Leone has loved Peter since the day they met. The problem is, Peter has loved Van’s best friend, Janie, since the moment they met. And now they’re walking down the aisle, with Van standing nearby in a Halloween orange bridesmaid dress, her smile as hollow as a jack-o-lantern. After the wedding, Van drowns her sorrows in Kool Aid-vodka cocktails and reruns of Rin-Tin-Tin, and does what any woman in her situation would do: She buys a German Shepherd over the internet.
This is the second SuperFund site designated in Brooklyn after the Gowanus Canal dedication in March of this year.
And of course, it goes without saying that our neighbors, our coworkers, our friends and our associates will keep their heads down, mind their own business, and clam up, for Christ’s sake. Use your mouth for eating hot dogs and catching fireflies on your tongue, just as our ancestors did in summers gone by. Otherwise, keep your yap shut.
…THERE IS A SLGT RISK OF SVR TSTMS ACROSS PARTS OF THE CNTRL PLAINS…NRN PLAINS AND MID-MO VALLEY…
It’s faded, full of holes, and way too small for her now.
to Nigerian Universities,
1. If there's a hop shortage -- and there is -- screw it: I am going to grab all the super-hoppy beers I want and can get. Hopheads who got all defensive when I talked about hoppy beers being simple? Pile on, I can take it. Just don't get between me and the IPA taps.
Now its time get ready to receive the blessings to come, to begin festivities anew, and to start the New Year with thoughts of Love and Prosperity. Its also time to get out the old to show or sell and bring in the new! - new friends, new inspiration, new music, and new opportunities to marry Art, Commerce & Fun.
Most of the cups can hold three teaspoons (which is one tablespoon), and have lots of markings for a variety of measurements. So, instead of having to use a 1/2 teaspoon measuring spoon three times for 1 1/2 teaspoons of vanilla extract (and worrying about overfilling) or dirtying both a teaspoon and the 1/2 teaspoon, I just use a medicine dosage cup and fill it to the 1 1/2 teaspoon line. Not only do I have fewer spills, but it's also great for allowing the kids to put in these ingredients (and I know it will be easy for them to pour in).
There are elections in 128 English councils, all 32 Scottish councils and 21 Welsh councils in 2012. Counting in Scotland begins on Friday morning.
Home business to make sure you home business select and additionally business about websites construct gratifying space just for collaborative functionality. All the impressive software just for small to medium sized combined with giant business opportunity, to build and additionally cut back on in a variety of personality via the internet. There is most of the agency a superb spot to lots of the producers’ suppliers and additionally exporters doing work in all the matching home business to make sure you disseminate and observe after a further personality.
To gaze into the wings
Actually, the Damned album that I played the most last year was without a doubt 'So, Whos Paranoid?'. But as I did buy it in 2008 (and it made my 'best of 2008' post) I had to play by the rules. However, 2009 saw the re-release of my 2 least favourite Damned albums ('Phantasmagoria' and 'Anything'), so I was still able to shoehorn my favourite band in! The lure of an extra disc of bonus material on each of these albums was enough to tempt me to part with my hard earned on 'em once more, but giving them another spin after such a lengthy break, I was actually pleasantly surprised... I had certainly forgotten what a gothic gem Sanctum Sanctorum was, complete with it's delightfully OTT church organ fanfare and thunder-clap sound effects!
I’m gonna go on a limb here and pretend I used to spend quite some time in record stores. I never did. Not that I didn’t want to but because there’s never been many where I was staying at. Yet I’ve been a few times, and I like the feeling. The human interaction mainly. I guess it’s easy to go on any of those websites to buy music and feel happy with it. But it’s oriented, one will buy what one came to buy – and if possible as fast as possible, cos there’s just no time! In a record store, the most important wasn’t necessarily the records but the person in charge of them, the one who knew all about them and could help you find something you would like though you never knew it did exist. One would slowly slide through shelves of records and feel the music, in its simplest physicality. I fear people will, once again, only go for the consumption and not the appreciation. Much like books. I read a lot of ebooks for sure, but I always feel happier with a real book in my hands. Yet, there’s less and less real bookstores. Only big shopping malls, HMV, Fnac, Virgin and what’s not. I guess the same apply to records. People will always go for the easy, the fast and the simple. Digital shopping brings that and only that. It’s sad. It’s the evolution of things, I agree, but I still find it sad. The fact humans forget what’s really important.
If you are thinking of joining me in Spain in late March, I fear there will be nothing quite as insightful as that in store. But it should be good fun.
Sherman, set the Wayback Plot Macine to 1979: early in 1979, young Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney) has just lost his mother in a factory accident and his dad (Kyle Chandler), the town sheriff, must learn to cope with the loss of a wife as well as becoming a full-time father. To compound things, as the summer arrives, Joe and his best pal Charles (Riley Griffiths) gather their friends Cary (Ryan Lee), Martin (Gabriel Basso) and Preston (Zach Mills) and try to complete a zombie movie with an 8mm camera. Soon a young girl named Alice (Elle Fanning) joins them mainly because she can get them to a local railway depot to film a night time scene As they film, a train passes by and it is suddenly and dramatically crashed into and derailed. Before the kids know it, they are in the middle of a conspiracy that not only involves them but their entire town, and some peculiar metal cubes... and an unseen being that threatens everybody.
As FileVault kicks in before the machine has booted any corruption to the encrypted drive would naturally stop the machine booting. If this corruption was passed to the backup, then the restored files may also be affected, which may be why disk errors were found.
What I found consistent and disheartening, in addition to the killing, was the fact that on each news program, wabc, wpix, channel 9, (whatever that is these days) they referred to the neighborhood as Fort Green. Terrible, even back in the day this wasn't Fort Green, the real estate device that is Clinton Hill (as opposed to the actual Clinton Hill, which is the intersection of Clinton and Layfayette Avenues) was previously known as Bedford-Stuyvesant. of course once crime became an out of control issue and brownstowns got hot, people pushing the neighborhood pushed Clinton avenue out of Bed-Stuy and into the more affluent sounding Clinton Hill.
This book brings you advice from professionals around the country and provides information about national organizations and resources. It also gives tips about where to start searching for state and local resources. More often than not, your problem won’t be a lack of resources, but a lack of awareness of them or inability to access them.
Bag : Kmart
I used a sketch by Kristine Davidson and Echo Park's "A Boy's Life" collection:
The other point mentioned in the video was that children used to be 'seen and not heard' but nowadays they are 'embraced, encouraged and praised' every day. This is something that I was thinking about just last week. The whole idea of family has changed and is now centered around the children. Children are looked on as the future and people encourage them/us to reach great heights, do the very best we can and fight for our place at the top. There is a new series on the BBC about The British Family and how things have changed from then to now. I didn't see the whole of the episode on children but it was along the same lines of children coming to dominate and be central to family life. It is still on BBC iPlayer until the 11th Feb.
16 Ye did not choose Me, but I chose you, and have appointed you, that ye should go and bear fruit, and that your fruit should abide: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in My name, He shall give you.
Comments must be submitted to the:
I stamped the daisies on white card and embossed them with gold powder then cut them out. I made a border of kraft card trimmed with a Martha Stewart deep edge punch and added this with some crochet lace.
Got to be both entranced and thoroughly bewildered by 2001 A Space Odyssey. But this hot sexy man interlude was well worth it. The man both entrances and bewilders me too.
“You’re crazy!” he yelled back in Spanish. “You were trying to steal from my mom!”
4. Leverage weaknesses.
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day, by Judith Viorst, illus. by Ray Cruz, Atheneum Books (an imprint of Simon & Schuster), first published 1972, Ages 3-7
This Pilgrimage has been instrumental in getting Oxford's two sites of martyrdom publicly recognised. This year we are going to the place where two priests and two laymen were hanged in 1589; there is a slate plaque marking the site at the end of Holywell Street (on number 100) which was blessed at the Oxford Pilgrimage by an auxiliary bishop of the Birmingham diocese, Bishop William Kenne, in 2008. Last year Archbishop Longely himself blessed another plaque, marking the site of the martyrdom of Bl George Napier, in the Castle, during the Oxford Pilgrimage. So look out for these plaques! They are not just tourist attractions, but sites of special spiritual significance. In these places the Catholic Faith was confirmed by the blood of martyrs.
She was not originally from the immediate area, but her husband had been and so she had lived in the district in the past. In the years of violence with the Soviet invasion and the later civil wars, she and her family had fled to Pakistan as refugees, as did millions of other people. Her husband died, leaving her a widow with two sons to raise. She got a job working as a midwife, but as she got into her 50s, her eyesight started to go, so she could no longer do that.
Stamps used: Eastern Blooms
I’d also like to point out that the teaching profession used to be considered a low paying job and the private sector paid a much better wage and benefits.
At our last ultrasound 3 weeks ago bubs was sitting in breech, our OB told us not to worry that bubs will probably spin of its own accord into the normal head down, 'vertex' position. That they don't start to worry until around 37 weeks when bub should be in the right position.
…is learning how to share.
The more monsters she kills, the bigger her chest gets.
Over the sea,
Those with a grasp of the underlying chemistry (which we will not be discussing in detail in this document) and the barest familiarity with Google will quickly discover that all sorts of chemical precursors for home-made explosives are available online to whoever wishes to order them, certainly in retail quantities and sometimes in bulk. However, attempts on the part of parties not well-established in the chemical or agricultural industries to order large, or in extreme cases any, quantities of such chemicals will have a high probability of resulting in the suppliers contacting the authorities. This principle can be generally illustrated in the context of ammonium nitrate, which is by far and away the most important chemical substance in this context.
½ pound fresh mushrooms, sliced
How charmingly sweet you sing!
Then on Sunday the kids in Primary sang happy Birthday and she got a few birthday surprises. Then we went to our friends, the Copelands, for a special birthday dinner.
Sweater: villena – Owl cotton pullover
No matter how you look at it, these Pirates stunk. On Ice.
Cam Harris loves her job as public relations manager for the Roanoke Garden Society. It allows her to combine her three loves, spinning the press, showing off her favorite town, and promoting her favorite activity. She's just achieved a huge coup by enlisting Garden Delights, the country's premiere gardening magazine, to feature the exquisite garden of RGS founder, Neil Patrick. She's even managed to enlist world-famous photographer Jean-Jacques Georges. Unfortunately, Jean-Jacques is a first-rate cad—insulting the RGS members and gardening, goosing every woman in the room, and drinking like a lush. It is hardly a surprise when he turns up dead. But when Cam's brother-in-law is accused and her sister begs her to solve the crime, that is when things really get prickly.
sooo, REST IN PEACE, DAD....no matter what, I LOVE YOU and will MISS you as always...i am glad we got to RECONNECT before you passed away and i will have no regrets....GOD BLESS....
I’ll be honest in saying that I thought for sure today wouldv’e despressed me but instead it actually made me strangely optimistic. I’m a hopeless romantic; love and a family are all I want for myself in this world. *Enter sappy violin music here*.
I'm not Mormon, but I got married in a Mormon church. This means that the church had my address in their database. One day, the missionaries came by. Hilarity ensued.
Told him will make more when my husband is back from overseas.
The Reds drew 53,483 for their weekday series with San Francisco, and 93,543 for the weekend series with Houston. I’d hoped for at least 150,000 during the week, but 147,000 isn’t bad. Last year, a comparable week in late April saw 139,000 pass through the turnstiles. It’s not much, but a 1300-1400 ticket boost in attendance each game does translate to over 100,000 more tickets sold during an entire season. I hope the Reds will do about 200,000-300,000 better than last year, however. They will, too, if the team is in the hunt for a playoff spot down the stretch.
I just loved how we had so many new breweries in town checking things out. Thirsty Planet , Circle , and something out of College Station (only three days old mine you) called New Republic. Of course No Label was there serving that bomb hefeweizen. Our favorites were there of course with Southern Star pouring their Jasmine Bombshell Blonde and Independence debuting a new bitter. Each stand had about 3 beers mostly in jockey boxes. The 2 oz pours were sad, but probably a good idea, with the place seemingly crawling with cops. Cops that seemed to be in line just as much as I was. Nothing but a new pilsner by Avery and the Utah beer was lower than 5% ABV, so everyone was feeling nice the whole time.
I was not happy with M this morning, so my husband dealt him. By the time, he was settled down and willing to go to school, it was after 9 am. I abandoned any hope of riding my bike and getting to work on time.
This brings me to the ending of the game. I’m not going to pick the ending apart too much because there are plenty of articles and YouTube videos that already do that and more. All you have to do is Google “Mass Effect 3 Ending” and you will find all opinions from the professionals to the amateur blogger discussing why the ending does or doesn’t live up to the story of an entire trilogy. If you don’t want to know what happens and have managed not to read anything about the ending, then please do not read the following few paragraphs below. You have been warned!
This bakery offers a nice in-between of European and Japanese taste. Doughs with topics like mushroom-ragout or corn and Tuna have the typical sweetness of Japanese bread, whereas Danishes or hard-breads have a European flavor to them.
4) 5 Los Angeles Clippers @ 4 Memphis Grizzlies, 8:30 pm TNT/LAC 1-0
This would take years to blossom fully, but as a practical matter, at least, it remains key. In essence, this is where the fandom that would eventually bring the show back came from. And it’s a very different sort of fandom - one that is more willing to slay sacred cows, one where mockery of the program is a form of love for it, and one where the show was consistently taken in a larger social context instead of as an end in itself.
The asking price was $22,000 for samples of the brain and blood of Italy's World War II fascist dictator, who was executed by anti-fascist partisans in 1945 at the end of World War II.
To assume that school education is intelligence is not correct. I know many people with a “higher education” who look only at “sports and movie” pages whether on tv or televison. The ‘merely’ literate are often very politically aware.
Dr. Grumpy: "Yes... Was that all?"
11- "Light Mass Prayers"
Cuff, Moon Raven Designs
One other outcome of this tragedy is that we can now permanently disqualify Veterans Today as a reliable source of information. Veterans Today is nothing more than a conspiracy website; even Alex Linder admits this. We can also credit John Taylor Bowles and DSCI Pastor Martin Lindstedt with being right on this case from the beginning, even if it was driven somewhat by personal animus.
What do you do if your publisher invites you for mulled wine and mince pies, but their offices overlook the former shop of Sweeney Todd Demon Barber of Fleet Street?
Now that I am older, I totally understand what she was trying to tell me with her simple, uncomplicated axiom. “Just kill “em with kindness” is a perfect strategy to deploy when dealing with your enemies. It is a subtle way of turning situations with your enemies to your advantage; it just begins with a kind gesture of some type.
Hannah paused as thoughts raced through her head. Can this be true? Is there really such a feeling? Is this something I could really feel…this thing called love?
If we could choose to be hopeful, then this world would have a lot less depressed people. So today I will try and trust that there's a reason He's being quiet in my life right now. Trusting God is the way to hope.
Chop the garlic and rosemary together, adding 1/2 tsp or salt and freshly ground pepper.
Facts, or a sympathetic connection?
Free Internet Printouts
Kuditdit has also become rare nowadays, and thus it has become a kind of another exotic fare. You can usually find them sold in the market and is quite pricey but nonetheless a best seller as it is a prized companion to a savory dinengdeng/inabraw especially when partnered with wild mushrooms.
CONSERVATIVE: scone
From the time I became a mother, helping others has been a primary focus of my life. Admittedly, it isn’t always easy. Sometimes I’ve even resented it. Babies can’t feed themselves, change their own diapers, move themselves from place to place. And they can’t control when they need any of those things done. They don’t care if you haven’t slept more than two hours at a time since they were born. They need what they need when they need it and, if you’re any kind of decent parent, you help them get it.
I hope that all of y'all know Jesus and that I'll be seeing y'all in heaven one day. I consider each of y'all a friend, even if we will never meet in real life. We have all been placed in each other's lives for a reason. We share real emotions and feelings together. We share life together. I just want y'all to know that I am here for y'all if y'all ever need anything...to talk, a prayer, anything.
1/4 cup KRAFT Zesty Italian Dressing
Three mistakes of my life:
Co-founder of Manufacturing Genuine Thrills Inc. d/b/a MGT
Below is a news story on a Tuesday evening interview:
So are my feelings toward the anonymous sender
Seven GHQ Micronauts packs with Russian and German ships in 1/2400 scale. Detail on these is breathtaking.
Good Things about Today:
AFP – Brazil should suspend work on the massive Belo Monte dam project in the Amazon to consult the affected indigenous population, an intergovernmental human rights panel said Tuesday.
Then there was Dr. Sumner Jackson. As the chief medical director of the American hospital, he tended to the sounds of thousands of French, American and British during the war. But his greatest contribution was in hiding many of the military men, shot down, who made their way to the hospital, until they could be helped back to England to fight again.
The next day was filled with more cousins and partying. Not quite the same kind though. We had Tristan's 1st birthday party!
nor really. kinda. that's how we've got them both today while their parents work. lol.
According to the BBC, Joerg Haider has been killed in a road "accident" and I believe them. Or rather I believe the bit about Haider being killed. Do I believe it was an accident? No.
Speaking of cake, let's let Scarlett do what she does best. Every Monday, set your smart phone, alarm clock, or talking parrot to remind you that this blog is where you need to be for delicious, farm fresh dishes and desserts that will have you thinking meat is as useless as those toaster pop tart instructions. This week, Scarlett teases us with decadent strawberry cake and a vibrant bowl of fava bean quinoa pilaf here. Next week she'll put her own words down, but for now, tell us, what are your fave meatless recipes?
THE FINDER – Can’t hold AMERICAN IDOL audience, which shocks me because the same people who like bad singers also like procedurals. It’s gone.
Ghost 2: Yeah, I mean, he’s not even looking in my direction or anything. But he’s all like ‘Come on you Ghost son of a bitch! Show yourself!’, and I’m just sitting there watching this happen. I couldn’t believe it.
Nicknames: Eliza, Lizzie, dearest Elizabeth
I am an organizer with MAGNET- Media Advocates Giving National Equality to Transsexual & Transgender People, an anti-defamation and media advocacy group. Yesterday I read the article in your magazine about Janet Mock’s courageous choice to disclose her transsexual medical history to fulfill her passion to help people who are going through what she went through. This woman is a breath of fresh air on so many levels. Not only is she a successful professional, glowing with beauty and authentic spirit, and a role model that squashes tired stereotypes, but she is giving voice to the transsexual medical condition in a country whose gay (not transsexual) establishment is trying to alienate all people born transsexual onto a “transgender reservation” against their will.
Pall Mall Gazette - Saturday 31 December 1898, page 5.
You can never go wrong with houndstooth!
2 interior
"Over there in bridal registry, when I get to it, I will bring it to you."
There are a few key things a president needs to protect his power. The first is intelligence, especially details of process and policy. Without these, he will not understand the stakes of any choice for his futures choices.
Missing the point.
Group B Streptococcus, Escherichia coli, and Listeria monocytogenes comprise the most common causes of meningitis in neonatals. About 17,500 cases of bacterial meningitis are reported in the U-S annually. (Source)
What’s kickin’ readers?
How long have you been playing in bands? What's your motivation and how has it changed over the years?
Who is this blog for?
Oh, yeah, when a Democratic congressman has to go groveling to Bill Maher like Phil Gingery did to Rush, then the two will be comparable. When the head of the DNC has to kiss Bill Maher's ring like Michael Steele did to Rush, then we can talk about equivalency.
Of course you can use light cream cheese and whole wheat tortillas for a healthier option.
that built us, speaking our
...Despite the promise of astronomical profits, the long time-scales and uncertain return on asteroid mining has historically driven most investors away from such undertakings. But the new company is also backed by a number of other billionaire luminaries, including Google’s CEO Larry Page and executive chairman Eric Schmidt, former Microsoft chief architect Charles Simonyi, and Ross Perot Jr. The venture also counts on filmmaker James Cameron, former astronaut Tom Jones, former JPL engineer Chris Lewicki, and planetary scientist Sara Seager as advisers. _Wired
married: 4/21/1812
For the moment though e-books are something people want to play with and I suspect they will stay flavour of the month for a while. People are confessing to buying their first Kindles daily online and reporting back when they’ve read their first books – “Look at me! Look what I done.” And I am one of them. I’ve bought and paid for a couple of e-books and even read one of them. Mostly I’ve used the thing to read stuff I would normally read on my laptop. I proofread my last book using the Kindle. I didn’t make the corrections on the thing itself – sod that for a game of soldiers (the interface will have to improve considerably before I’d even think about that) – but I did use it as a way of making the text look new to my eye and caught a lot of things I’d missed on the computer.
In a blender, pulse the basil, pine nuts, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper until finely chopped. With the blenderstill running, gradually add enough oil to form a smooth and thick consistency. Transfer the pesto to a medium bowl and stir in 1/2 cup of cheese. Season the pesto with more salt and pepper, to taste. (The pesto can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
You will have to perhaps take my word for it that up on the roof are one medium-sized trainer and an English-French dictionary. There's a story there, isn't there? My money is on a rather unhappy secondary school child hopping home, worried that he won't be able to do his homework. Unless anyone else can come up with a better explanation?
The program’s cost consists of school key tags, lanyards, wireless bar code scanners, and set up and management of the website. Each key tag costs 24 cents a piece, while the Active 4 Me website expenses are $15 set up cost, $1 per scan, and 2 cents for each parent text notifications. Wireless bar code scanners were donated by Western Riverside County of Governments (WRCG) through the City of Riverside as part of WRCG’s AB32/SB 375 budget, which costs about $280 each.
The state needs to monitor exotic animal farms in much the same way children services monitors parents, they said.
Notwithstanding, Jenny then introduced the book and said that she had enjoyed it, that she saw that it was about anomie, but that there wasn't actually much of a story in that nothing much happened, so she didn't really have a lot to say about it, and that what she liked most of all were the footnotes (which is how the definitions appear in her later edition).
We Need to Talk About Kevin
Ideal for expressing derision at other peoples’ stupidity.
Now all grown up, returning to Krabi had left a complete different feeling in me once more. It's still beautiful, full of lush green forests, crystal clear blue sea and perfect soft white sand. Just the way I remember it. Can you imagine yourself sinking your toes into the white soft sand right now?
Why? Well, it sort of intimates that the Pals. were violent, a point that usually got lost in many media stories.
Parmesan Bread Bites:
There’s got to be more than one kid in there!
Oh yes, and because everything I do has become so special: please make sure you take some pictures for me!
To expect United to magically undo all of the mistakes of the last 40 years to obtain an equal footing and hence the ability to pay us comparably, is unrealistic.
Today I was contacted by Erika Toto from DKMS Americas - the worlds largest bone marrow donor center - She gave me a lot of information that can help Haley's family move in the right direction to obtain a donor.... The family will be meeting with Be The Match this week - Be The Match is the National Registry for Bone Marrow. DKMS adds all of their donors to the Be The Match Registry and DKMS does NOT require any of the donors or volunteers to cover the costs of registration. Donors can request kits from around the country on their website www.getswabbed.org/register.. They will receive their free kit within 3 business days. I'm thinking this makes testing a bunch easier don't you... Before you leave this blog - Please request your kit today!
3. Vertical Pull / Hip Extension – Barbell Shrugs / DB RDL's
Jay picked me up, one afternoon, for our first date. We parked the car in a nice part of town and got out to go for a walk. I grabbed my purse and threw it over my shoulder. Then he said:
It’s been sort of a crazy week. Last week I got phone calls about prescriptions being called in to various mail order pharmacies, but its taken a week to resolve the insurance and other issues that presented themselves. *Sigh* Phone calls every day to one party or another or both. It finally appears that the medicines are all en route to me.
It would be wonderful if this piece was being written about a defensive class, with professional training, using real life experience. The simple fact is.... Carteach is pretty average amongst shooters, and that means time and money are kind of tight. Low/no light defensive shooting classes are rather pricey, from a poor 'ol teachers viewpoint. The class's generally run around $600, and with travel, lodging, meals, and ammunition tossed in the total quickly exceeds $1000.
Did you know that 400,000 of the 1.4 million heart attacks that occur each year are STEMI heart attacks? A STEMI heart attack is caused by sudden, total blockage of a coronary artery. AHA’s new Mission: Lifeline program focuses on improving quality and speed of systems of care for heart attack patients. There are 23 Primary PCI hospitals in NC – all engaged with Mission: Lifeline and all are entering data into ACTION Registry Get With the Guidelines. Seven of these hospitals are in the Greater Charlotte region.
Is certain not to last.
Now, as I sit here with my third salad, It's time for show and tell. My digital camera wouldn't flash, so the pictures came out YELLOW. I tried everything, then I remembered my scanner. A piece of scrapbook paper makes a shabby background.
Writers have absolutely no trouble copying their own work. They even footnote themselves. One educator I know cites only himself sometimes in books. Alas, while I seem to use the same colors, frequently, I find it almost impossible to really copy myself. Just see the painting below, and then look at the painting that is on the blog below it!
I was so looking forward to continuing this blog with my desk calendar from 2001 because I did have that. I looked through last night and it appears I didn’t keep very good track from a journalling perspective on my calendar other than I’d posted due dates for bills lol! At first I felt sort of deflated, but … I’ve been able to do all of my previous posts without much notation so I will just continue on and that buoyed my spirits.
8. Have you ever slapped someone?
If I haven't mentioned it before (surely I have...), I LOVE nudges from the Universe... those sublime, perfect moments when you have to smile, give a nod to the sky and say THANK YOU for showing me the way.
1 regain
On the tire with Sarah, Collin and Mason!
I hated being pregnant. Aside from all of my life having body issues, and gaining so much weight I could have lived off of my reserves for years to come, there where other things I loathed as well.
To say you don’t care about such, heck you got to be tough
A few items of note:
“Then why do you want to raise the stakes, Charlie?”
Mr. Neesmith said he fired the extra shots as a warning. “Those boys could have come back and killed me in my own bed,” he said.
Bound to a man she cannot love, Queen Alera of Hytanica must forget Narian, the young man who holds her heart. For Narian is destined to conquer Hytanica at the behest of his master, the powerful magic-user known as the Overlord. Alera doesn't truly believe Narian will fight against Hytanica-until Cokyrian troops attack with Narian commanding the charge.
I will cover these wholes with little furniture buttons as soon as I can get into town to get some.
Steven is not the only guest to suffer from panic attacks. I do not normally divulge celebrity secrets but as Mr Gervais has been so unkind to me recently I don't mind saying that on his first TV interview with us Ricky actually soiled himself live on air. I believe you can download this on You Tube. If I say so myself we handled the situation very professionally indeed. Being aware of Ricky Gervais' discomfort, Richard directed the camera towards me and working on pure TV instinct I just started to Irish Dance.
You'd better slow down.
In other words, I combined the RVC + Meringue Cupcakes with Raspberry Curd to be …….
Bree doesn’t have a Mike memory. Instead, she is picked up by a detective from the Fairview Police on her way to the funeral. She recalls how when she was a little girl, her mother taught her about her “mask” – her ability to maintain her composure so that men will never know how she really feels, and therefore, have power over her. This ability serves her well as she is questioned about the murder of Alejandro. Technically, she doesn’t lie. The detective asks her if she killed Mr. Suarez, not covered up the murder and disposed of the body. She leaves, but since she had a cup of coffee, now the department has her fingerprints.
Dinner was curry – Keema with fresh lime juice and eaten with pitta bread. In between I have eaten nothing! Go Me! After dinner we did our 2 mile walk – so at least a bit of exercise – better than nothing.
My feeling is that this trend can continue only for another few weeks and the market then will find some buyers’ activity in the near future. We will hit the bottom at the end of the first half or the beginning of the second half, late June or early July. But I don’t expect the strong recovery on the stock market this year because the interest rate is still high and I don’t expect the interest rate to come down until 2012.
The original post is here and general response from SPG members has been underwhelming, with many people not very excited about the promotion.
SB: All right. Thank you. This is my next question: What is the chief mistaken view or estimation that humans have of the angelic kingdom which you would like to correct?
Had a nice letter waiting for me when I got home today.
Consumer applications of such technology could range from finding studs in walls to authentication of important documents. Businesses could use it to detect counterfeit money.
The Dallas Quilt Show is going on this week and today, I met Debi from Quilting with Debi at the show and we sure had a great time. It was the first time for us to meet face to face and we really enjoyed ourselves....at least I sure did!!
· Interpret the product’s business needs and developing concepts to suit their purpose
At least something got accomplished out in the yard.
“I finally feel great and sexy about myself,” she said.
If you choose to donate, consider giving them to your local Salvation Army, or perhaps even a shelter or orphanage in town. Many of these organizations will even pick up your donations for you.
I apologize if my last post sounded like I was whining about the lack of comments on the previous post. In fact, if that was the message, it was the exact opposite of what I was trying to convey. I really felt fine that there were so few comments on the post in question. I loved that that post was still profound for me even if it didn’t resonate with other people. The fact that I was completely okay with it was a huge aha moment – one that I felt good about acknowledging.
Check back on the first part of my posts on Burton beers and you'll see that Double Diamond was in reality a good bit weaker than Bass or Worthington IPA. Perhaps bottled Double Diamond was stronger. Unfortunately, I have no details of that version. Their Strong Mild was just about the same strength as draught Double Diamond. I'm not sure what that tells us. I'll let you know when I work it out.
Ask the Lord to strengthen the faith of believers during this time of unrest in Egypt.
Says a red faced girl sitting before me in the grass.
Why didn't I post?
Are you cleaning out and organizing this week?
Yay me! I would have taken a picture, but you know me, the camera is not working :)
This year, for the first time ever, I attended my employer’s Christmas party. And my sister Carly agreed to be my date. Despite much wining and dining, however, she still never called me back. I guess my hands were a little too frisky for her liking. What can I say? Only got one thing on the mind, nympho that I am. Nonetheless, I was the lucky winner of a one-hour iridology appointment valued at over $100. Naturally, after googling what that was, I panicked. Besides the usual, “Ah! I’ll have to make small talk!” and “She’ll be really close to my face. What if she notices upper lip hair or, even worse, bad breath?” I also worried about the state of my health. Maybe the iridologist would find signs of heart disease, cancer, stroke. Maybe she’d foresee the sprouting of back hair or the infiltration of nose warts. Maybe she’d just turn to me and say, “Listen, you obviously know you’ve gotta lose some weight. Do it, okay? Then we’ll talk.” If eyes are windows to the soul, then irises are gateways to hell. Or so I thought at first.
It shocked me to realize that only 5 years after his disappearance I moved into an apartment less than 10 minutes from his home. As a student at NYU I worked out at a gym that was just around the corner from his bus stop.
According to WEDO, not only did gender texts increase (peaking at 40 plus) in negotiating documents, but so did women’s participation.
A little lighter,
Every snow dream fantasy is realized when snowshoeing out on open, sweeping slopes or tighter in, among snow-draped, towering evergreen forests where no skier can squeeze in further. Within forests, sometimes it is like being cradled safely by a valley snow-goddess away from windswept snowy expanses. The best snowshoeing routes offer a blend of mountain slope trekking, undulating routes with patches of flatter terrain respite for awestruck panoramic views at each winding ascent or to sit dry without snow. Every 10 metres for so, the views change ahead and to the side.
Alkattan had originally hired Christian when he was homeless. Sources say Christian had borrowed money from his boss that he could not pay back.
Somewhere between vomiting on myself, and Shane blacking out again, Randy made his way up the stairs, purple latex gloves in hand. From the look on his round face, I could tell Shane was about to eat it. Shit was taking a turn for the worse.
Last Thursday night, my mother asked me to take her to an event a friend of hers had planned featuring a night out with author Adriana Trigiani. I hadn't read any of her books but my mother LOVES them so I figured it couldn't be that bad, right? To my surprise it wasn't bad at all - it was freaking hysterical!
The Book of Kells dates to the 9th century Ireland. It is also known as the Book of Columba, who was a monk in the 6th century that taught the Gospel in Ireland and Scotland. The Lindisfarne Gospels dates to the 8th century England and are attributed to a monk named Eadfrith who was bishop of Lindisfarne. Both are famous illuminated manuscripts and examples of how Sacred Scripture was preserved through the early middle ages.
So this concludes my Thursday evening. BV has exceptional wines, many of which I have yet to try and hopefully I will.
I finished writing my novelette around a week after my last writing update. It finished at approximately 1,000 words. I was, am, so happy to see it finished. Alas, this is just the beginning of the journey. After finishing a first draft it's best to let it sit for a while. That 'while' can be as long as a writer needs. During this time
They left me alone for a little while. That afternoon the nurse comes in and says that I HAVE to be able to walk on my own to be released and that the Physical Therapist had to SEE it or she wouldn't release me.
* Do you want to represent just this book or are you interested in my other work?
This is from the Rose Garden section of the CD and I have matted the backing paper and main image onto some trusty Core'dinations and finished the card off with some lovely pearl gems and a printed out sentiment in my favourite font!
Having secured contract renewals for Jani, Prost, Belicchi, and Boullion, the team also confirmed the return of its regular driving outfit for the 2011 season during the announcement. Additional drivers for the 24H have not yet been announced.
In addition, the Regional Council does not seem to be able to or want to intervene in the conflit objecting to Mr. Jean-Marie VANDERGUHT of FITECO, nor in connection with unfair business practices engaged in by Mr. VANDERGUCHT of FITECO and Mr. Philippe BAZIN of KPMG. Facing the passivity of the Regional Council in its functions and its desire to cover these improper and heinous acts of its accountants, I wonder if the French accountants are actually trustworthy? The French legislator has entrusted to You a variety of missions and tasks, but are You up to execute them correctly?
I hadn't planned for this. But nothing I haven't dealt with before. I removed the broken string, which was a big, overwound nylon bass string and came apart by the sounding board with a "zzzZZZZZZzzzz" and ended up in a long strand of curly nylon Harry found irresistible.
Vivacious and sociable co-owner of Bespoke Design, Heather Draper has made quite the name for herself in Victoria. She is an expert multi-tasker, tackling a retail shop, interior design career, and a blog. Her store (with co-owner Ben Brannen), is one of the most buzzed about on the island and carries beautiful bedding, furniture, window treatments, and lighting. As well as special pieces from local artists and exclusive resources from around the globe. Interior design services are also offered through Heather and Ben both through the store and individually. You may have seen the features on Bespoke in Western Living or Style at Home, or at the Canadian Home Builders Home and Garden Show in February, where her and Ben gave a demonstration of tips and tricks for helping your home look its best.
As for their relevance to a mid century blog, does anyone remember, like I do, hydrangeas in their grandmothers garden? We would celebrate every Christmas at Grandma Jean's home and her front garden would always be heavy with big showy pink and blue blossoms. I always acquaint them with Christmas time and with Grandma Jean and all the old fashioned homeyness that was wrapped around the peaceful little green house on the forest and river's edge.
07.Christine
“Shine On You Crazy Diamond” was presented as a complete suite throughout this tour and this is one of the last dates for which a recording is known to exist with the song performed in this fashion. More wonderful musical conversations between Gilmour and Wright are captured here and the emotion of this piece really comes through in spades. Moreso than either “Raving” or “You’ve Got To Be Crazy,” “Shine On” is once again the most familar-sounding in relation to it’s final form of the new material showcased here (apart from the fact it’s not separated into halves).
the same tune no matter where
Do: Get resources such as Conduct Gospel-Centered Funerals: Applying the Gospel at the Unique Challenges of Death by Brian Croft and Phil A. Newton as well as Comfort Those Who Grieve: Ministering God’s Grace in Times of Loss by Paul Tautges. These books really should be read in tandem since they compliment each other so well. Really, if you are a pastor, you should read these books. Wait, I said this one already….oh well. Get these books!
Here is SS-203:
But it’s a new dawn, a new day, and every morning, it gets a little easier. It DOES get better, gay kids! All jokeyjokes aside, I’m fine now, honestly. I’m not at a solid 10 yet, but I’m no longer at the fair-to-middlin’ 3s and 4s I was hanging out with last month.
30 x 30”
First Place: 3 free patterns of your choice, and a fat quarter of 6 prints of my Eden fabric line.
On to my card. I chose to use just a touch twine along with a 'natural' image, of the tree. I have been in need of many thank you cards lately and honestly haven't made as many as I need to be sending out. I had the flu for about five days and you know how being sick can just put you so far behind! I used a new technique I discovered on JJ Bolton's blog right here. Isn't it a great idea? I recreated it for this challenge but embossed the cardstock first using the woodgrain impression plate. Tied a bit of twine on the end letter to fit the challenge requirements; sometimes you 'see' something in your head and it turns out exactly like you wanted it to, this was one of those rare instances!
On Wednesday, a small group of moms went on an adventure to the Crumpton auction. Crumpton is a well-known outdoor/indoor auction on Maryland's Eastern Shore, open every Wednesday, rain or shine.
“Here,” continues the first, “read this Bible, it is the inspired word of God! It tells the truth about his purpose for us and the laws by which we should live if we are to honour him. Praise Jesus!”
We are becoming a Community of Mind. But, ultimately, the only person in there is you.
She put on quite the little show for us! She had been moving and kicking quite a bit since we were in the waiting room and she continued once the gel was on my belly and we were 'watching' her on the big screen. We saw how well developed her little spine is as well as her arms and legs. She had her knees up at one point and it was really cute- we also saw her female genitalia (as clear as day, developing nicely), so there is no doubt that she is a little girl (I'd had a couple of 'surprise, it's a boy' dreams). She rolled over and looked right at the monitor and we saw her little eyes (both open and closed at different times) as well as her lips. Then, she made an ordeal of putting her little arms up in front of her face. Daddy said this was her 'no more photos, please' pose. She was moving so much it took a while for the tech to be able to check the 'blood pressure' on the umbilical cord. However, that, too looked good. Finally, Morgan rolled over and looked toward my back, giving us a cute little shot from behind.
The adults had a different take on this and I am in this pool of thoughts. I was totally expecting the "confetti" to be more like sprinkles but as the kids described they were sort of like Nerd candy. Very sweet and it was throughout the ice cream so there was no avoiding. What I do have to say I loved was the whipped topping. Very similar to the Carvel cake frosting..ooh so good. In all the cake goes for $12 and serves about 8 people. I think for a small kids party this would be a great dessert but not an ending to an adult dinner party.
Don’t be fooled. If you call and ask for reservations any day before Friday, they’ll act like you’re the crazy one. Trust me, I’ve tried several times due to my bad memory, and fault of believing everything I read on websites. I still want to try Afternoon Tea at the Regis, but the Omni Westside offers it as well (for half the price!).
The best part is creating characters, plots and worlds in my mind. There’s nothing more exciting to me then sitting down in front of a blank computer screen, knowing I can take myself on any journey I want.
Another part wоuld bе the Direct-X compatible sound card thаt hаѕ motherboard capabilities іn delivering а high quality sound. These cards аre nоrmally internal or external аnd cаn bе attached tо a surround sound system fоr a ultra gaming experience.An active Broadband Internet connection iѕ nеcesѕarу fоr normal and ultra settings.
If I Had Only Listened
I just want to share a quick picture of the tracking cards some of my struggling quarters use to track their reading.
Connect with her elsewhere:
Often times women struggle with the idea of simply enjoying the hedonistic pleasure of sex without a commitment or the potential for something more significant. Given the way women are raised to feel about physical intimacy it is completely understandable. Women are wired differently. We often need to feel an emotional connection to allow us to be intimate. Men often need intimacy to feel an emotional connection.
There is a monkey park and a bird sanctuary very near to the Wine Estate, so in a very organised fashion we went to Bramon in the morning to book a nice table in the vines for lunch at 1pm and then went off to Monkeyland for the rest of the morning. You get a guided walking tour around the forest that is very informative for kids and adults. More than 450 primates live and free-roam around the forest. It is an amazing feeling to be that close to so many different types of monkeys and lemurs that are living in a natural habitat.
thanks for visiting me today, i'm off to put together the rest of the kids valentine goodies for their classrooms.
The Times reported, in the ninth paragraph of the story: Critics also noted that the project is still nearly half a million square feet larger than it was when Forest City Ratner unveiled preliminary plans in 2003.
“What did you see?”
To succeed, you have to do your homework. This entails knowing the fundamentals as well as actively searching out information you don't think is widely disseminated or carefully scrutinized. To have a shot, you've got to have a good handle on the basics of this industry. To have a shot at outperforming everyone else, you've got to constantly keep an eye out and an ear to the ground. Find out what's selling, how the market is changing, what's historically worked (and what hasn't), &c, &c.
My Christmas spirit did not diminish as I ran errands and battled the crowds at the grocery store. Even though people around me seemed rushed, frazzled, even cranky, I found the words "Merry Christmas" rolling off my lips frequently throughout the day. And I realized my simply saying it with a smile brought a smile to the face of the one I greeted.
Leaving this daycare community makes me ache a little. These kids have been together for 3 years and they all get along so well. The parents are friendly and fun. And Claire is universally adored little mascot. Seriously, she got as much attention at the farewell party as Landon.
Islandwood
Finally, Straight Talk only uses trusted phone manufacturers like LG, Motorola, Kyocera, Nokia and Samsung. It has everything you need even the Android on Straight Talk
* The couple who lived on Jobseeker's Allowance for TWELVE YEARS while funding a fantasy aspirational jetset lifestyle that involved holidaying in exclusive South American resorts, wearing fancy clothes and "hanging out with famous aspirational glamorous people such as Pete Tong, Raymond Blanc, Heidi Klum and that bloke who runs the Ministry Of Sound."
Maria here with another Chomas Creations Adjustable Pen Holder project. This is another easy one using the Word Collage Cartridge. You really can't get any easier than this.
sugar – 1tspn (as to taste)
* 7th graders discover cool thing on Mars. (So why are they “too young” to do anything else, like stay home alone?) http://yhoo.it/9hx5po
Limiting spell selection, limiting the ability to buy spells, limiting the number of spellcasters in the setting, these all go a long way in making magic, well, magical again.
The problems New Zealand households face today – low wages and increasing financial stress caused by the rising costs of mortgages, petrol and food – are where Clark should put her focus. Not playing a two-decade-old blame game.
Hope you're having a great Tuesday!
2. When you are in a 1v1 always wait for the other player to regenerate their health and mana
In the rural setting, religion is still part of people’s normal everyday lives. Whether or not they participate in organized religion, the established Christian church is there and is accepted as an integral part of the community. It is funny how even non-church goers understand and accept the Christian church as part of being people’s normal everyday life. If the church were to collapse or close in a rural community, there would be a marked void in their life because they will feel that something is missing. I think this is due to how the church has remained somewhat integrated into the life of small communities.
Sprinkle the topping evenly over the fruit, breaking up any large chunks. Place the skillet on a baking sheet and bake until the fruit is tender and the topping is a deep golden brown, 15-20 minutes. Cool on a wire rack until warm, at least 15 minutes, and serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream.
Judging every move you make
02. Mandala
for the next few days until launch, we'll be teasing out bits here and there,
BONUS CODE:
If your family is anything like mine, I have learned that my family is not ready to face some of the healing processes that need to take place in our family. Most of us have represessed feelings and some are even afraid to share our feelings with the ones who we should trust the most. So, don’t let their feelings get in the way of your healing. Follow the suggestions, and remember the road to healing is a spiral only going up, but if you don’t deal with those represessed feelings that road could also be a spiral going down. Then you may find when they are ready to heal, you can be the strong one to help them on the road to heal.
Major Support for Mad. Sq. Art is provided by Founding Partners Agnes Gund and Anonymous. Substantial support is provided by Ronald A. Pizzuti, Toby Devan Lewis and the Henry Luce Foundation. Support for Markers is generously provided by David Nolan Gallery, Gail Monaghan, Francis Williams, Raymond Learsy and Melva Bucksbaum, Wynn Kramarsky and Ted Poretz. This project is supported in part with public funds from the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs. Mad. Sq. Art is made possible by the leadership and generosity of the many friends of the Madison Square Park Conservancy.
Anyway, the image is a Daisy and Dandelion stamp. He is so cute and has a little heart on his belly. After colouring him in I matted and layered him onto kraft card. I do like the combination of brown and pink. All the papers are from First Edition and are a range called 'Love Letters'. I stamped some hearts onto the left hand side and added some gems to them. Finished the card off with some ribbon, pins and a craft expressions ribbon rose flower.
xxxxxxx
And I got to wondering if that makes me a hypocrite. I mean, I like to think I'd also be bothered if the god-murderess of the second commercial were going up to dudes and trying to engage them in tampon conversation, only to vaporize them horribly when they told her they just wanted to be friends. Tampon girl is malicious in a way dandruff boy isn't. Sure, her first murder could be argued to be defensive, or at least provoked, but all those girls were doing was standing next to a boy whose attention she wanted. They didn't deserve to die. Dandruff boy just wanders through a hellscape of unintended casualties (though he's either incredibly callous or really bad at pattern recognition to keep at it). Maybe I'd be upset if the dudes in the second commercial were as objectified as the ladies in the first. Dandruff boy's new shampoo lands him a silent, lustful harem and the implied promise of sex with at least two more women than we assume he has penises; while all tampon girl seems to want is a chance to talk to her boy of choice. These dudes don't have time for much development, but they do at least get "creepy potential date rapist" and "cute but normal boy", while the lady's characters are "sexy, horrified club girl", "sexy, horrified librarian", and "sexy, horrified gym girl", all of which dissolve away into "indistinct, hair-crazed sex-vixen". But those two other girls in the tampon commercial get about the same, and the second ad gives no indication that they will ever be rescued from the icy void of non-existence, not even for group sex with a previously unacceptable stranger.
I told Louise how dangerous it was to stand on the baby, but I could tell she really did not get it. I realized after that day, that it was not fair of me to expect Louise to understand about keeping the baby safe. It was my job to keep both of the kids safe. It was my job to try not to leave them alone in a situation that could turn dangerous.
I'm just praying there won't be a freak snow storm again that closes
Jack (6 years 6 months): In a wish-making discussion, Jack said to Mom and Dad that he wouldn’t make a wish, “because I already have what I want – you for my parents”. (#260)
I had no idea what I was doing, but I figured there wasn't much more to it than slapping on some watered down paint. So I gathered my materials and mixed the magic potion...
The laid what I call the 'wallpaper' base and then went to work.
“Sham El-Nessim, or Sham ennessim/شم النسيم,‎ was originally an Ancient Egyptian holiday celebrated on the Vernal Equinox, or day of creation, much like an anticipatory harvest festival. Offerings to the gods included salted fish, lettuce, and onions. Though celebrated since 2700BC, after the Christianization of Egypt, it became integrated with Easter celebrations and is now celebrated on Easter Monday (as calculated by the Eastern Orthodox or Coptic Christian Calendar). Since Islamization, the date has remained on the Easter-linked calendar, but the modern celebration is more of a national holiday in Egypt. It is celebrated with family picnics, and traditional foods include salted fish, lettuce, scallions (green onions), lupini beans, and coloured hard-boiled eggs.”
If you could live anywhere in the world where would it be?
Skirt step 2
Another project we did for the wedding is a bit more of a risk since I haven't seen it before: using a large group of pre-recycled wine bottles as a decoration. It won't look the same at the wedding as it does here, but this photo gets the idea across. At the wedding the background will be a cream color with white cord twinkle lights behind it. The bottles will be lined up, slightly overlapping covering two 10 ½ foot sections on either side of the floor in front of the stage where the ceremony will take place. The peacock feathers will likely be shorter, but we're waiting to cut them until we get to the venue.
anyway! have been here in addis ababa for less than 48 hours, so of course all is very new, but it's been wonderful so far. it's a gorgeous highlands city, with clean streets, cool weather, and green green hills... i feel totally sucked in and can't wait to properly live here later on for fieldwork. toni and i are already scouting neighborhoods and amharic schools...
Hope you enjoyed seeing our first illustration and how it came to be. We plan to take you through the different styles and processes of Noren’s art and how it got to this finished product over the month of May! So please keep checking back with us we have more art and the interesting path to share with you!
10. "New Age" – 1:49
Apparently mine, however, are actually non-fiction accounts of events which occurred in my life. The Bamster is not encumbered by such requirements and can weave together fantasy creations of events to illustrate critical points he wishes to make in the shaping of his racially charged life.
When that time has passed, flour a surface a dump the bubbly, sticky mess onto it. Wet your hands and fold over the sides towards the center. Prepare a bowl, line it with a floured dish towel and dump the dough into it, turning it over so that the smoother surface is facing up.
A viewer want to know if this girl that he likes is shy or just plain not interested.
I'm not looking for a perfect refinish. I actually like the look of minor alligatoring. The new finish still shows the imperfections; the imperfections just look prettier. These doors are almost 90 years old, I figure they should show a little history.
RR—Yeah, well, I was telling that story—the American Indian, the shamans, say, in the Pacific Northwest, where they’ve had contact with these creatures for millennia, they say that Sasquatch has the ability to make itself invisible, and of course, what would that be? Well, they say that it’s capable of exercising some kind of mind control or maybe hypnotic quality.
Ms. Burden yesterday defended the relatively modest reduction in scale, saying that the project, which would extend east from the intersection of Flatbush and Atlantic Avenues near Downtown Brooklyn, would be in an ideal location for a high-density development. “It is a transit hub,” she added. “It is at the crossroads of two wide avenues in Brooklyn. It can accommodate density, and density brings excitement, foot traffic, jobs.”
With more concentrated efforts in capacity building and rating of the spa industry, it is set to contribute RM0.4bil to the GNI of the country.
They don’t understand the jokes, but I’ve assured them they’re funny and that their parents will laugh.
Eh, it’s touch-and-go.
This is the third or forth time I've been to the Isle of Wight to visit Ananya but I've never been with a large group of people before so it was really awesome!
When I started writing my blog, I thought I’d only be speaking to my closest friends and family members. Little did I know soooooooo many people would care about me and while I’m flattered to have so many people who love me, I hope they will also take time to love and care about all of my friends out there with SMA.
Awards are good things for books – the Pulitzer Prize, the Newberry Award, the Hugo, the Nebula. Awards imply the winning of contests. The problem is, not all contests are created equal.
I understand now why people get so impassioned watching American Idol. The judges are infuriatingly inept. The producers have an exceedingly low expectation of their viewer’s intelligence. And contestants are more repetitious than professional athletes in their analysis of their performance. What I don’t understand is why people are impassioned in a positive way towards these shows. My brief foray into reality television may be at an end.
really enjoyed it. Of course, I don't think friends or family are
This is what she got. Some crappy white roses, carnations (I HATE carnations, HATE them!) and baby's breath. WHAT THE FRIGGETY FUCK? How did Fields of Europe become a Load of Crap?
When I went to Japan the first time, I was completely unprepared for the amount of walking and the intense, stifling humidity. We went in August and every day we had to go back to the hotel in the after noon to shower and rest. I was enjoying an after-shower beer and surfing my five or so Japanese channels when I found a drama.
For hours he'll be getting sand out from his butt.
that I have not yielded voluntary support to any pretended government,
Amy, a blonde city girl, marries a Colorado rancher.
Bake in a moderate oven for an hour or maybe less
320 kbps - Link in the comments.
After an acrimonious campaign, the referendum failed. Proponents blamed the prince's veto threat.
Me and my mum want to say thank you to all that sign our petition because in doing so you make us feel like we do have a family here, and that we are not alone. Your signature means you are now family members. I want to keep you all updated monthly about the progress of this campaign, so kindly do provide an email address and continue to share this petition with others.
The building is unremarkable and huge it's like putting a garbage can next to a wedding cake. Sure the garbage can may have a purpose but it doesn't need to be in position to drag down the vibe. Yes, vibe, sensation, emotion the resonance that comes from our collective built environment.
Okay, now for what many of you have been waiting for...the Doctor POST :)
He's a magic man"
Three US lawmakers have introduced a resolution in the House of Representatives, calling for self-determination in Pakistan’s southern Balochistan province.
The doctrine of Total Depravity is derived from scriptures that reveal human character: Man’s heart is evil (Mark 7:21-23) and sick (Jer. 17:9). Man is a slave of sin (Rom. 6:20). He does not seek for God (Rom. 3:10-12). He cannot understand spiritual things (1 Cor. 2:14). He is at enmity with God (Eph. 2:15). And, is by nature a child of wrath (Eph. 2:3). The Calvinist asks the question, “In light of the scriptures that declare man’s true nature as being utterly lost and incapable, how is it possible for anyone to choose or desire God?” The answer is, “He cannot. Therefore God must predestine.”
I know my kids are healing, and trusting more. I know they consider that ladder I have for them more often, than completely rejecting it. I can’t imagine how desperately vulnerable it has to be for them to even consider letting go of what has kept them alive.
The Institute for Democracy and Economic Affairs (IDEAS) agreed with Najib’s challenge but issued a similar one to BN to unveil its own shadow Cabinet in opposition states.
We topped ours with homemade whipped cream and strawberries.
Why? Well, I reckon you'd have to go back even further into the Southern mind and history to find that answer. My guess would be that the South and it's people have far too long had their faces rubbed in their lacking. Yes, things are catching up now but when I was a child the spectre of poverty still hung over most country folk like the pendulous moss in our ancient oak trees. The appearance of having more than enough was very important. Spare change to see a movie or indulge in the luxury of ice cream. Not much to most city folk but it meant something to us. So, being able to go out and buy a 'real' tree, as opposed to having to cut one you find in the woods, meant that you were doing okay, that you were not some country bumpkin that just didn't know any better. It's a silly thing I know; you don't have to tell me. But as Chigger and I hiked through the woods last week, just looking mind you, it occurred to me just how easily our society can take such a silly thing and twist and fold it into a spectacle ranking right up there with the whole idea of Christmas itself. Yes, we are celebrating the coming of The One whose birth was so lowly even a occupied cattle stall would do but don't you dare drag that trash tree into my house!! I can see the designers of Southern Living passing out now! Somebody get the vapors!!
A lot of communication today has as its goal small shifts in perception or attitude.
the bricks with Perfect Medium and embossed
13. The power of suggestion.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare an 8x8 or 9x9 baking pan by lining with a sheet of foil matching the width of the pan, and extending out over two opposites sides of the pan. This will be used to lift the cheesecake out of the pan after it has cooled, for easy slicing. Spray foil and exposed inside edges of pan with baking spray.
Billy Hayes
1/4 cup Soy sauce ; light
