What keeps you from emptying your curio shelves?
Maybe a bright coat of paint, maybe hang clothes in outfits on the wall, so people can see them together rather than just separate on the hangers.
Possessed of a brilliant mind and a love for puzzles, Dashiell Matthews, Viscount Carrington, is a crucial member of the elite Young Corinthians spy league. Assuming the façade of an addle-brained Adonis, he hunts for a notorious London murderer known as the Bishop. When fate causes him to cross paths with Miss Elena Barnes, Dash discovers an enigma that will prove delightfully intoxicating to unravel: a voluptuous beauty as intelligent as she is fearless.
in a small rural town
A successor to the 3G and 2G families,4G
2. Never ask another human to consume the McRib in your honor ever again.
Steamed green beans
A formal ideology is written down like a "How to book" which tells people how to think and behave. Formal ideology grew out of the Enlightenment to replace religion with a secular programme of thinking and behaving and those who deviate have to be corrected. This began the change in the rulers from an aristocratic class based on blood and land to rule by secular elites united by thinking and saying the right things - an "Ideological Caste."
So, if anyone knows of an unsung bottled-treasure which deserves to be discovered - make me aware, and I'll get it on the list! Even if it's a widely stocked favourite - by some miracle I might have missed it - so send it in and I'll free up an evening for it!
I always knew I wanted to be a writer, and though I studied journalism in college, circumstances in my life pushed me toward a corporate job early into adulthood. I wrote every day back then--but it was either some corporate communication or publication, or something just for myself that I always pretended I'd work on getting published, but never did.
Moving right along...
-commitment to 6 hours a week for the duration of the summer
In the meantime, I've been coming up with several possible design schemes, each with different color families (whites?, greens? pale blues? Pale grays) the possibilities are endless.
Gamma Brainwave State (40+ Hz)
Stamps: PTI - Fillable Frames #11; Stampin' Up! - Heart from Mon Ami set, Newsprint Alphabet; DeNami - Three Line Border
As I was watching it I had to keep reminding myself to focus on the movie.
I think without this blog, I would honestly be dead. If I didn’t have a place to type this all out… If I didn’t meet some of you guys. I’d honestly be dead.
OK, I'm outta here. I have to go figure out what to do with my goddamn batteries, plus those five cases of wine aren't going to drink themselves.
Stir in the olive oil and pour the mixture into a small dry pan. Heat until the mixture just begins to fry and then pour in the wine. Stir and allow the wine to reduce by about a half. Lower the heat and stir in the honey and mustard. Either keep the sauce warm or chill and reheat later.
But it occurs to me that so much of my self-confidence and wisdom comes from having kids, from being a parent for 19 years. So much of who I am is today is shaped by having been a mom for nearly two decades.
Well for now this are a few fun goodies I have found, I will let you know what my little guy and I come up with for the "World's Best Valentine's Cupcake!"
That title was a mouthful wasn't it? I'll explain the "pre-finale" part in a minute. Let's get to the goods in this comparison of a $40 purchase of GQ blasters and a $40 vintage purchase from Blowout.
Starring: John Barrowman, Eve Myles, Burn Gorman, Naoko Mori, Gareth David-Lloyd
We take the kids to the pool for a swim. Miss A has come so far in the last few months. She can now put her head under water independently. Baby J loves the water and he charms as many people as he can, smiling at everyone who will look his way.
Do you think indie authors are gaining credibility? Share in the comments!
Hugs!!!
once it finally grew, she wouldn't let me do a thing with it.
* 11 tons of trash collected afterwards
In general, I ride my bicycle everywhere I go, and if I’m hanging out with friends then they drive. But I do not often take the light rail. Today I did. And on my way back from the movie, I was handed a magazine.
The Party Favors
(1) Set very strict deadlines for your day. If your kids are coming home in the afternoon, be very efficient in the morning. Alternatively, if your baby is napping in the afternoon, be efficient at that time.
“First of all, let’s get one thing straight. Crack is cheap. I make too much money to ever smoke crack. Let’s get that straight. Okay? We don’t do crack. We don’t do that. Crack is whack.” – Whitney Houston
He added: “If you insist on acting like our arch-enemies, if you continue to try and destroy our work, if you continue to carry out your cowardly sneak-attacks against us, if you wave firearms in our faces, know that we will not continuously disregard such criminal misbehaviour only because you have white skins. You are the ones who have chosen this – so you will have to live with the consequences’.
I am watching my nephew Carson for two days and I had to pick him up pretty early so my sister could get to work on time. Aiden was super cranky by noon from being up all night..again..so he took a nap and Carson and I had craft time.
However, that "Damascus revelation" of charity may be unlikely, the Hobbit pub is not the only UK business to be served with a litigation notice from SZC.
Ayuda is very pleased to announce the results of a series of record breaking clinics this past week.
Brownsville girl show me all around the world
Lisa:
Pega los mini Ovalos negros sobre los blancos para hacer los ojos.
Sooooooo, I turned them into pincushions with some scraps of fabric, stuffing and hot glue I couldn't not, ya know!
So I enjoyed the story it was crazy and entertaining and even made you think a little bit. I did have a couple problems with it. The whole thing is illustrated in a cartoony way with lots of pastel colors; definitely not my favorite. I guess it fit okay for the story, but the pastel light-heated colors gave the story a even more goofy feeling. At times it was hard to tell which instruments the people were playing while speaking and some of the frames were hard to follow because of this.
Support raising- I have gotten my support letters out and have already had a couple responses, yay! Thank you again who have all been supporting me and my decision to go back to YWAM through prayer and financial support. It makes a greater impact than you will ever know.
I thought I didn’t get it. Unfortunately, I do now. The way the Republican Presidential primary is shaping up, it is becoming clear that America is not about personal freedom. If President Obama is defeated in November, we will establish that America probably is not about redistribution of wealth, at least not the way the Democratic and Socialist idealists look at it. So I guess it's about power. We will continue to be ruled by those who have the most to gain from holding power.
In understanding the existence of God, we can see the realities in this world. God created the earth, planets and space in a perfect constellation and not collide with each other, is clear evidence that God exists. Everything in the created, like humans, animals and plants should make us always remember the existence of God. Humans sometimes forget the existence of God. Is there anything wrong that people sometimes forget with their creator?
oh baby you, got what I need
The next repair job was the HDB. It was in a mess. So the new Minister started the repair his predecessor problems. Speed up the building of more houses( not homes). They found that to do the repair job, they had to build thousands of them. They even found that the people need a lot of rentals types, as they cannot afford as was claimed to be. Till today, the building is still continuing. The current minister work hard, and began to see smile form many corners. The repair looks good although the high price does not. But alas, his predecessor is already out of the pictures, collected his share of salary and went out of public views.
Article 1 A people's court will and shall accept the following civil disputes over copyright:
The blankets you wouldn’t let go of
I was at the grocery store recently and noticed that blackberries were on sale. Maybe I was feeling particularly nostalgic that day, but often when I see berries I think first of warmer weather and second of New Zealand. I am reminded of memories of spending time in Nelson, New Zealand (one of the most beautiful places on earth) as a child with my Nana, Aunties and Uncles, picking our own berries and then taking them home and eating them with nothing but a drizzle of New Zealands heavenly cream on them. Oh how I miss those days!
I've used everything from one-quart, locking-lid MSR stainless steel and/or titanium pots, to large-capacity metal enamelware mugs and old tin cans to cook in. Today, for my "go-to-war" kit, I've limited it to a large stainless steel mug. It cooks up just enough to keep me well-fueled for moving cross-country in alpine terrain, regardless of weather conditions, and it weighs less than half of what a one-quart MSR pot does.
Well, the last few days have been interesting to say the least. Sunday I went to take pictures at the Taste of Marietta, and it was like rush hour on Interstate 75 in Atlanta. Everybody left at the same time!!! There were about 80,000-90,000 people there and when you get that many people crammed in a city block, you might as well forget moving…
Pete Jordan is a highly respected and well traveled DJ, who has toured with the likes of Dizzee Rascal and the Prodigy, he also happens to have just released his new record label – Weird Science. Pete took the time out to speak to our collaborator Matthew Trevett about his view on the music industry at the moment and his ideas for 2012.
The ride was fantastic! Me, my friend, and Dylan got quality time with Santa, and he was just a sweetheart. The guy was so much in character, that I started to believe in Santa. Two of my favorite moments...
Since then, there isn't a newspaper in Stockport that I've not written for - and I've been proud of my contribution to local British journalism. There comes a time, however, when even the most seasoned hack must call it a day. Reluctantly, that day has come. My life's canvas has been the tabloid: the smell of printer's ink has followed me from bar to bar in Fleet Street and beyond. Now, my canvas has shrunk to just 7cm x 4.5cm, as I contemplate a dotage devoted to fridge magnets.
During his time as president, Mandela was a strong supporter of Uganda's insane dictator Idi Amin, of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, of Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein, of Hafez al-Assad of Syria, of Muammar Gaddafi of Libya, of Fidel Castro of Cuba, of the theocratic leaders of Iran, and many other dictators. This may be viewed as guilt by association, but when he became president and apartheid was demolished as an instrument of government, Mandela rarely publicly acknowledged that it was the sanctions and disinvestment by Western governments and corporations, and the voices of men and women of conscience in the West, who had been largely responsible for the overthrow of white rule.
Hot cooked rice
Me: You'll never guess it.
The construction of this dish was very unusual for me, but very easy to put together with minimal stovetop cooking. Elbow macaroni is cooked until just tender, then macaroni and tiny cubes of cheese are layered in the baking dish. A custard of eggs and milk is poured over it and with a quick topping, the dish is baked. How beautifully simple!
But it doesn't end there. Tuesday March 28th.
They have held students hostage with tens of thousands of dollars of debt on education, which is itself a human right.
The fact that the dog Hachi, is more than a dog. Hachi is symbolic of your dog, your pet, your best friend, your sibling, your mom, your ex-wife, and your boyfriend. I actually initially pitched the movie as E.T meets EIGHT BELOW. It is a timeless story of friendship and love and loyalty that is innate in all humans. The story of waiting for one's master for so many years and ultimately having an impact on the community is so powerful yet also so simple that it resonates with the young, the old, and every race, color and creed. The themes are universal and the fact that the story itself has been so popular for over 80 years in Japan and that it is taught to students around the world shows that there is lasting power and appeal to a story that speaks to us on a human level and makes us yearn for something greater in life.
I wanted to say, “Technicality, Mom dearest. You birthed one and adopted two…….. I win.” Actually, I would have counted my sister as six children, because she had temper tantrums that rivaled small countries at war. I should have counted as at least three children because I was hyper. Hence, the “Cricket” moniker. David was mellow, so mellow I really think his biological father was Tommy Chong from the comedy duo, Cheech and Chong. Hell, maybe my mom sedated us all and it only worked on David.
(Side note: I love my Wii Fit because in that 45 minutes, I went for a run, did some yoga, cycled, did some boxing and hula hooped in addition to a ton of great strength exercises.)
I—Identify your audience. If you are writing a devotional about raising children as a single mom, don’t submit it to a senior citizens magazine. Know who you are writing for.
You see, for a purported Del fan, I had made a critical error. Del has a bit of a reputation of being a little stand-0ff-ish; something of a recluse; mysterious. Definitely not the kind of fellow who would be impressed by a random tit flash. Although, if I do say so myself, I do have a pretty nice set.. But in my drunken state, I’d forgotten all of this relevant information and instead just made an ass of myself. One of the guys Del was touring with, however, was impressed by my brazen rack flash, and invited me to go party with him in his hotel, but my drunken, shamed ass declined.
**My mother called me after watching this video. We differ on the interpretation of this recipe, with hers being "the right way" and mine being an "evolution of the right way." Nonetheless, here we go. My mother says that you shouldn't mix the pork belly and ground pork. Either make the dish with only pork belly or only ground pork. My mother also says that the size of the dried mushrooms should match the size of the meat. If you use pork belly, cut the mushrooms to the size of the pork belly. If you use ground pork, mince the dried mushrooms finely.
made a guava cheesecake
There is pain and there is pain and who can say who has it or how much. Maybe it’s the ones of us that refuse the crutches that complain too much. To shade our eyes, from all that is harsh, and brutal.
The Yanks have a whole section in the rule book about defence; sorry, ‘dee-fence’ which is divided into sections on ‘psychological’, ‘blowing and fingering’ (!??!) and ‘ball blocking’. All of these, I assume, are legal in all but three States. Psychological defence, or ‘shit-talking’ consists of abuse, distracting visual cues and arm waving and grotesque facial expressions. As for the second section, I’ll let the Americans explain it for themselves;
Get in contact if you need any more tips and advice and feel free to share my website with others!!
2. If you mess up, it’s not going to change your life. Nobody will remember it tomorrow. Just fix it with a fresh mind.
Moon saw Greenfingers...
“No, I don’t. When I do, I’ll tell you”
Today’s article is the tenth in a series of articles (1st Steve Jobs, 2nd Michael Dell, 3rd Warren Buffet, 4th Bill Gates, 5th Larry Ellison, 6th Eric Schmidt, 7th CIOs and the ideal management style, 8th Louis V Gerstner and the late Steve Jobs and Tim Cook’s, analysing current and past leaders to ascertain how senior management including Chief Information Officer’s (CIOs) can learn better management by applying the management practices of leadership, practiced by these leaders.
Row 24- ch1, turn, sc dec, sc to last 2st, sc dec.
I have been awarded the Liebster blog award by Cath (The Stitchin' Chicken) & Krista (Just stitching along). Thank you ladies...
While it hurts to pass on a lot of that vinyl, I had my reasons, and in many cases the feedback I’ve had from delighted LP junkies has nearly made it worth the dilemma. Some do it because of what they perceive as superior quality, others – like the guy who bought a few of my U2 albums and singles – say they just like to look at the old sleeve while playing their CDs. Pure nostalgia. And in one case there’s a couple in Scotland who bought a few of my old LPs who told me that their friends easily know where to find their house, as it’s a little cottage in the middle of South Ayrshire which comes with a huge pair of speakers attached.
Christmas - December 21st - January 2nd.
The past 6 months has probably been the most enriching time of my life. The journey through my run streak (or at least half of it, as originally planned) taught me more about myself and what I’m capable of accomplishing than any other life experience. The week (give or take) since I was forced to throw in the towel has drudged up strength of character I didn’t know was buried.
move my chair, clutch at straws.
‘Dude, what happened to you? Did you lose a lot of weight?’ I tried to joke.
So with little more than an hour or so notice we were about to become foster parents!
But wait a minute… Isn’t what we’re currently experiencing as a culture quite the opposite? People are blogging about books, publishing books online, talking about books on YouTube. People are reading books: via books on tape, E-books/Nooks, paperback, hardbacks. People are still reading, people are still writing. Perhaps now more than ever. So what right does Sir Kimball have to declare something so morbid as – gasp! – the death of the novel?
Schedule homework reminders on a weekly basis,
9. Take off your oxygen mask, wait until your oxygen saturations drop and your pulse-oximeter alarms like crazy to get my attention. While quite clever, and DEFINATELY creative, it falls into the category of screwing with your nurse. Do this too many times, and we will turn your alarms down, since we KNOW you're okay. Then, what if you're NOT okay? WE WONT KNOW. And that's not good for either of us.
When I first start researching someone new or just looking for clues on brick wall ancestors, I like to do a quick survey of the message boards and published family trees on rootsweb.com, ancestry.com and other genealogy websites. After all there is no reason for me to reinvent the wheel. If someone else has already done the research I don’t want to waste my time redoing it. But as anyone who has done a search like that can tell you the level of documentation is wide ranging. It’s up to the individual researcher to determine if the information is useful or even accurate. It was during one my searches for my brick wall ancestor Linsey Rhea that I really saw the clearest example of what my cousin and I call Hula Hoop Genealogy. We wrote up a short article about it and published it in a statewide genealogy society publication.
Continue by adding the next piece of pie starting from the point you stopped.
‘Ve carved their dream
Forget stocks, the real crisis is coming… and it’s coming fast.
- So what can we do? I mean ‘they’ have the laws, the weapons, the media, the police, the corporations.. on their side. Right?
As a community we’re very good at being frank – I’m sure many of you have been at the receiving end of a Grindr message asking for a ‘meet now’, a blunt request for a hand job round the back of Asda, or just a photo of a cock. We need to embrace the fact that we’re pretty good at being open when it comes to talking sex, and utilise that skill in protecting our own well being.
Now that I understand soul fragmentation, which I described near the beginning of my blog posting, I can let myself off the hook of self-recrimination. Life has served me well. Being stuck has served me well; and being unwilling to budge has helped me shift to this place of letting go.Yes, I am ready to let go. Before I wasn’t. Hallelujah.
And I always lose
On a Saturday night
May I tell you why?
"A bit like cat." he said.
Tenny Kusuma
Meanwhile, I devote a lot of time to reacquainting myself with my grandson and reorienting myself to this house. It seems huge after the little motel rooms and cabins. There also seems a lot of housework in the normal course of the day. With so many people in the house, the washing up, laundry and tidying increases ten fold. The advantage to traveling is that you move away from mess and into a nice new environment each few days.
All the colors of my life are different shades of blue.
Once you have mastered the above without any difficulties, you can increase the time by 30 second intervals to help build control.
I loved Peter Holmes – what an amazingly strong guy! He appears to be just a regular naval officer but that’s just it, he is sooo normal throughout in comparison to other characters. I would, however, like to hear more from Mary Holmes’ point of view – what is really going on in her head? I love the way this family related to each other.
Factory workers enjoying their lunch bought from rickshaws. Taking the meaning of Al fresco dining to a whole new level, Delhi Style.
L'avenue du Bois de Boulogne connects the Place Charles de Gaulle with the Bois de Boulogne, a park of almost 900 hectares designed by Baron Haussmann. It's a beautiful park, although it's not as idyllic as it used to be. There is a fair amount of prostitution in the park now. In this early photo, it appears that it was an ideal place for a family promenade. As noted in one of the comments below, the avenue has been renamed as Avenue Foch.
how much allowance do i have left?
can be removed by twisting the tray between two hands, just as you do with
The publishers refer to Haywired as a 'steampunk fairytale' and I think that's a very apt description, at one point the main character, twelve-year-old Ludwig von Guggenstein, even 'runs away with the circus'. This is a book of monsters - monsters who take many guises and part of Ludwig's journey is discovering the truth about his life and about the things he's helped create.
The Pope/Vatican should also be kind enough to persuade the governments of USA, UK, EUROPE, AUSTRALIA and NEWZEALAND to allow 500 million people from India to permanently settle in Western Countries without any passport visa travel documents.
The question, essentially, is how much longer can this carcass of our former Republic drag itself along? More specifically, how much longer can the emaciated remnants of our economy drag on?
I’m not sure I buy this. I think it all goes back to whether the Browns think McCoy can play or not. If he can, they wouldn’t care who his dad is. If he can’t, they’ll just use his dad as an excute
The country with the most princesses is however out of our range when it comes to being on the spot. King “Abdullah Bin” (and so forth, it is quite long)” has taken multiple wives during his lifetime (similar in history has also his father and brothers before him), and has about known 15 daughters and some 7 sons.
I wasn’t as sure about the Wagyu Beef Tartare and Caviar served with Pickled Radish and Red Pepper. The spoonful was mushy and overly sweet despite the caviar given a much needed burst of salt, and although the pepper (which we were instructed to eat after the tartare) did help brighten the palate, its acidity lingered a little too long and masked all traces of the prized ingredients.
It actually is square but yet again, I'm a horrible camera-holder. It now has the binding on it (applied by machine... baaaahahahahahaaaaad Lisa) and it is hanging over my thread racks in the studio. Shattered seems like a good name for it, yes?
**Limited Quantities Available**
Napoleon famously described the inhabitants of the British isles as a 'nation of shopkeepers'.
There were two saints of the Old Testament who did not die: Enoch was translated, and he was not found; and Elijah went up in the fiery chariot. Therefore, they will come back as the two witnesses and preach against Antichrist. There could others like that, too. In fact, there are traditions about St. John the Theologian returning in the last times. There is also a prophecy of St. Seraphim of Sarov that he would come back at that time; but he died, so he could only come back resurrected. The two mentioned in the Apocalypse, however, are Enoch and Elijah.
Miss Martha Stewart doesn't disappoint. I chose Feldspar MSL131 and Persimmon Red MSL015. These 2 colors are so darn cute together. I cannot wait to show you once the room is done. I will probably want to sleep in that room. As much as I love my hubby I can spend all day all night crafting away.
Well thanks for stopping by, I can't wait to SMASH* some more, so excited about what I have in store.... oh and maybe whats in the post too! LOL!
What these artefacts do seem to confirm for us is that there is a significant religious installation in the Valley of Elah during a time when some scholars are questioning the existence of a Kingdom of Judah/Israel. These finds by no means prove that such a kingdom existed. However, they do suggest some kind of organised or official religion. Just how official (local, district, realm, or regional) is unknown. But it points to some kind of organisation in religion on the fringes of Judah in c.1000 BC. The single-stratum nature of Khirbet Qeiyafa is quite critical in discerning this. These wares are not merely hangovers from previous eras, but objects and installations produced specifically at the beginning of Iron II. In other words, some kind of ruling authority was operative in this area, and it seems more and more to have been different from the Philistines just a stone’s throw away.
with rants and complaints! Well first off just wanted to say I've moved, started a new job and have experienced so many changes it's insane. That's the reason why I've been away for so long. But I'm settling in slowly but surely and hope to resume to regular postings soon.
Caden and I have always loved to do patty cake with Cameron and last week Cameron started doing it with us! He can even make a fist with his hands and attempts to 'roll 'em'.
The report is better than it looks because the deceleration from last quarter is really a return to the trend in improvement in 2011 as real GDP growth strengthened from 0.4 percent to 1.8 percent over the first three quarters. The 3.0 percent growth rate in the fourth quarter was inflated by inventory investment which contributed 1.8 percentage points to growth. Growth was expected to slow in the first quarter and inventory investment contributed a more reasonable 0.6 percentage points of the 2.2 percent growth rate. It’s also worth noting that growth in GDP less change in inventories strengthened to 1.6 percent from 1.1 percent last quarter.
From the point of view of form, the type of all the arts is the art of the musician. From the point of view of feeling, the actor’s craft is the type.
1/4 cup cilantro
- 1/4 tsp ground nutmeg
He’s fought to make the world secure
- Form
Th - rest
It doesn’t necessarily mean there’s a Web site by that name; some people buy up endless variations on domain names hoping to cash in later when somebody wants to use one of them.
That last one reminded me of my patient who had had their aorta repaired just the day before. Since it was the part of the aorta that passes by and supplies blood to the stomach and intestines, she was NPO (no eating or drinking). She asked for ice chips and I explained that she couldn't have any.
of minority harmony
Getting into my bee hives (making sure everything's good)
Length of Internship: 3 months with potential to extend
According to reports, Keeton then waived the gun around and pointed it in his wife’s direction multiple times, telling her if he could not have her then no one could.
2. Caffeine accumulates in the body
I got hooked on Cityville a few months ago and it is surely no coincidence that the more I played, the more weight I gained. It does not take a degree in astrophysics to do the math there! LOL I have recently scaled back the time I spend online, especially with silly Cityville....it seems to be helping.
My favorite is camelback chair is one with a full upholstered arm, more of the 18th century kind. It's like a mini camelback sofa.
and I made it through on time.
Once the transition into Formula 1 is complete, the team will be the premier American Formula 1
Usually because of the expense of flying, even the most spontaneous of visits are planned at least three days out. Which is enough time to get oneself together, do any cleaning, etc.
Also Elisabeth at Food and Thrift Finds has given me a shout out in her Fudgy Brownie post. Gosh, you ought to check it out. It's heaven I tell you. YummmmMMmm.. All I could think of was all the chocolatey goodness.
It seems like a lifetime ago but in fact its just a year ago that this was happening and now of course Zimbabwe doesn't even have its own currency - thanks to Zanu PF and Reserve Bank Governor Mr Gono. Zimbabwe's much talked about sovereignty is long gone when it comes to the economy and now we buy and sell in US dollars and South African Rand. Having been taught since childhood to save, save save, I decided it was time to get back into the banking habit.
12. "And this last mile I travel with you ", to where?
"We have horses in Colorado." Damn, why did she say that?
I thought it looked so cheerful
I lovey, lovey you.
Whew! I get to working in one of these Rhodia pads and just can't quit!
In an interview with the Virginian-Pilot shortly after Sims’ transfer decision was confirmed, the player’s former head coach at Oscar Smith High School, Richard Morgan, claimed there was one reason and one reason only why McCarron received the nod over Sims.
You might be wondering why they all have blonde hair (or that three have red hair) and that none of them are brunettes. Well, that's because I was going with a Valkyrie-esque type of team. Although I am rarely politically correct I wasn't really trying to suggest that blondes have more fun or that ... oh who am I kidding, I enjoy stereotypes...using them to my advantage and using them to go against.
There's nothing quite as thrilling that audiences can totally emotionally invest in as watching completely computer generated characters fight, race, or make sweet blue alien love to, one another for extended periods of time. To that end, Darth Vader's lightsaber duels with Obi-Wan and Luke will now be entirely CGI and involve lots of crazy flips and shit because hey, it worked for Yoda, right?
the media provokes trouble,for thier own benifit
(even though I have a reeeally great spot for these particular pieces picked out in my new house...).
That wheat and barley are cheaper than chaff,
So good night, dear void.
There is power in the name of Jesus
She wrote a newspaper column about social issues facing women balancing career, husband and kids. Many weeks, her writing boiled down to one point: only working mothers know the burden that comes with this attempt at, in her generation's words, "having it all."
Choose a quote to incorporate into the spiral design and pencil it in before using a marker.
2. Line a large baking tin/roasting dish with baking paper (I used one about 24x36cm)
Another factor was age. Leah is 4 years older than me and for developing children that’s huge. We didn’t relate much. We were always in different stages, with different interests. She was into modelling and performing, I was super shy and reserved (weird right?) I liked barbies, she hated them. In fact, she liked to shave their heads and shove them under my dresser leaving the feet sticking out, so I could see them but not get them out. Leah did some cruel things and never let me forget her dislike of me. Often she would pinch me hard and not fess up when I cried, or threaten me over telling on her for anything she had done that was mean or wrong.
I had a weekend back in mid November where I had a ton of energy, didn't feel nauseous and was motivated to decorate. So our decor has been up for about 3 weeks now and I have been really enjoying decorating our new place.
On a low tide in summer, there's room on the beach for the weekly volleyball game. At high tide, the volleyball players are more likely to be seen in wetsuits daring each other to jump off the end of the pier into the deep waters below.
Voilà les chevaux=There are the horses (pointing)
Whitehorse, from the Eastern Agency of New Mexico on the Navajo Nation, said she grew up with abuse in boarding schools. The “Board of Education was the ruler. It was to punish you. My whole boarding school experience was all about abuse.”
Lee Adler, 48, Springfield, N.J.
But incidentally, other than my quick workout, I just have to break it down. I’ll start with my first challenge.
Supporting that growth is a key purpose for the “Destination Local” program. The increasing consumption of local content on mobile devices, for example, represents a great opportunity for this emerging sector and one where the current potential is largely untapped in the U.K.
If i wanted a new hairstyle, I wouldn’t look at a footballer for inspiration, the players I grew up watching were not a good advert for modern coiffure! For example, one of my idols growing up was Roberto Baggio, who, has been described as “Mullet—nice, ponytail mullet—breathtaking, permed ponytail mullet—my god this guy is a sleaze bag genius.” say no more.
In 1800, Beethoven organized a new concert at Vienna including, notably, the presentation of his first symphony. Although today we find this work classical, and close to the works of Mozart and Haydn, at the time certain listeners found the symphony strange, overly extravagant, and even risqué’. This genius, Beethoven, who was still a young, new composer, was already pushing the established boundaries of music.
Hugs and love!
On that exciting note, have a great weekend!
You will learn how it rankles to die of desire
A limestone mine first dug in the eighteenth century. Deep, dark, wet and enormous (couldn't get a decent photograph of the interior as the camera's flash was somewhat inadequate). Bit spooky when we turned the torches off. Which we did a lot.
standing bare before you, then, I stubbornly declare…
+Trevor has always taken it upon himself to do his own laundry. For that I am grateful, however... he doesn't like to put his shirts in the dryer and has developed the wonderful habit of hanging them all over the apartment to dry. He also has developed the habit of never picking them up from where they dry and putting them away, so I end up eating meals next to clean shirts? Baby steps I guess... haha
A couple of weeks ago, Chris and I went to the Botanic Gardens in D.C., which is part of our plan to enjoy the more tourist-y things while we can. We’re not going to live here forever, so we decided to start taking advantage. The orchids are on display right now, and they were absolutely beautiful (see above pic!), and peaceful.
No matter what your background, it is very difficult for you to do this on your own. We can get you the compensation you deserve. We deal with insurance company representatives every day. We know their tricks. Our experience allows us to negotiate the best result for you. Give us the chance to show you how.
And the fun continued with the colouring:-)! A word about my clouds, which I have done differently. The grey I put inside was inspired by Sara's clouds. If you have never stopped by her blog, just go, her colouring is simply amazing, one of the best in blogland!
Into an enduring reach for forever
It’s surreal how everything negative melts away just laying eyes upon you.
One day
I must also ask myself: which colors should I use? Which colors best connote failure, loss, passion, and fear? Somehow only red comes to mind.
IBU: 40
If you could ask Kevin Plank one question about your business, what would it be?
image: jscreationzs/freedigitalphoto.net
Nick Gillespie, at the Wall Street Journal, says we are worrying too much about bullying. There is no bullying crisis, he says. Parents are too overprotective, he says. Things are getting better, he says.
One reason isw he contrasted Republicans from Teddy Roosevelt to Dwight Eisenhower to Richard Nixon with the current party orthodoxy. Could Ronald Reagan be nominated today? I asked. “Likely, no,” he said.
Remarked that a musical instrument forced into silence
I'm pretty stoked about the new added ringtones. Before, the only bearable sound for getting a text message that wasn't a marimba or a scaling xylophone (why are those even options?!) was the glass clinking sound which then globally became everyone's preferred/standard text sound. It was literally the only sound that didn't drive you to insanity each time you got a text.
I'm excited to know there are other writers who have attached to this habit of writing a slice each week. It's a powerful habit. It might seem like it's not much -- writing a few words each week. But look back over the course of a few weeks and we find it is significant.
Denise: I use Facebook and Twitter exclusively. They are fantastic for spreading the word and I use them a lot for brainstorming ideas.
... is the theme this time! Use pins (hat pins, trinket pins, corsage pins etc.) and pearls on your creation. That should be not that difficult, right? ;-) Looking forward to see all your beautiful creations!
When an ensuing “discussion” devolves into what became this post, Art or Idiocy? has every right to exercise its executive authority. Therefore, this post has been removed. Our apologies. If you have any unfinished or unresolved issues regarding this matter, please feel free to start your own blog, website or zine.
Now, I also was in a fun polka dottie swap from Cutie Pie Cottage! So much fun! I was partnered with famous Sue from It's a Very Cherry World. I was pretty sure what color I needed to get for Sue. So, after sewing the apron (which Sewing Bee helped me on tremendously) I decided I was good enough to sew a scarf!
I know how exceedingly lucky I am to know all the people I know. There are times, especially the times when I seem to need it, that I'm reminded of how awesome my friends are.
She also dislikes it being called a battle, and a fight, making her feel that if she doesn't pull through, she is somehow weak, at fault, someone who just didn't "fight" hard enough to win. The whole vocabulary surrounding cancer is odd, it's all about fighting and surviving, whereas with other diseases, you're allowed to passively be a victim. In some ways these fighting words are good. They inspire and make the patient feel like he or she has a chance to beat the odds, but at the same time, they make it the patient's responsibility in a weird way that people don't do with other diseases. No one fights heart disease, diabetes, or kidney stones. You don't call a person recovering from the flu a survivor. There is a sense that other diseases are not the patient's fault, but that cancer is somehow something a patient can choose to overcome, if only they are willing to fight and survive.
Does that strike you as a coincidence? That’s one “Fear Not” for every day of the year. Now, once again, I am not a Bible counselor or a Bible authority. I am just an everyday person, struggling along in my daily walk.
I surprised myself by watching another film directed by Xavier Dolan after feeling infuriated by the achingly hip and irritating I Killed My Mother last year. But in the hope that a follow-up might unearth something fresh I gave his second directorial outing a fair pop. I’m not sure which film I disliked more. I find it hard to care about the kind of self-regarding, smug people that populate both films. They were artfully dejected types who bored me senseless, with their transparent woes on lust, love and what was happening only directly at the within their privileged spheres. Dolan’s overly showy directorial tics could be explained by his neophyte position, perhaps, but I have a sneaking suspicion that he throws everything into the frame because anything less would reveal his bare-boned talents as all too empty. Heartbeats contains some of my least liked types of filmmaking: affected, whiny and ponderous.
Pitch in and help out? Heck, it's just easier and more time efficient if I just do it myself- the first time- correctly. Granted, I ask for help, but it is almost not worth the whining and bickering about who is doing more, better, faster, etc. Yup- I'm a looser mom raising a bunch of looser children : )
Still, they became something of a sensation, in Punk Rock circles; The Clash specifically asked for them to be their openers for their Vancouver show. Of course, the girls made the most of the situation, by playing "London's Burning" for their encore. Joe Strummer et al were reportedly so taken aback, that they dedicated their own original to "Madames Dishrags".
next time, remember – Leaders are readers
You may cut me with your eyes,
While the past chases on behind
Something unique about the Iron Druid series that I give major props to Hearne for is that there is no “mist” or “fog” or anything that keeps mortals from seeing the immortals. I like that Atticus has to use whatever is at this disposal, whether a cloaking spell or the mental-wiping-powers of a vampire to try to explain what the mortals have seen. It’s fun to see what kind of trouble Atticus gets into and how he works his way out of it.
Joyce: How do I share this video?
Scientists have long noted that alcoholics aren’t as portly as you’d expect, given the staggering number of calories they consume in alcohol. Metabolic studies of chronic alcohol abusers have turned up something interesting: If you drink enough, you pass a threshold after which a certain portion of your alcohol calories are “free.” Basically, you do so much damage to your liver that it can’t efficiently process alcohol anymore and you “waste” the calories or store them in your liver, giving yourself a disease called fatty liver, which can lead to cirrhosis and death if you keep at it. “It’s similar to the way you make foie gras,” says Marc Hellerstein, MD, PhD, professor of human nutrition at University of California, Berkeley. “You stuff a goose with carbohydrates, the liver stores it as glycogen and fat, then they kill the goose, and it’s full of fat and sugar, so it tastes really great—that’s foie gras.” And that’s an alcoholic’s liver. Yummy!
His trademark is a small penguin character named Punk, who is often seen making a sarcastic comment about the
Less than three centuries after the iconic Dutch director-general of New Amsterdam died at his palatial farm in today's East Village, his name was employed to sell a brand of stylish, premium cigarette, still enjoyed today by smokers in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and other counties, most being places Peter Stuyvesant had no idea existed.
Once you're there, look for books that are similar to yours in content or theme. Now write down the names of the publishers who published them.
Thursday's are always tricky because Ella has gymnastics from 5-6:30pm (i.e. the world's worst extracurricular activity time slot.) I've made this recipe a few times and the kids love it served over rice. Throw in some steamed broccoli and everybody's happy.
The Jazz have little chance at pulling off an upset here, but if it’s going to happen, Jefferson is going to have to carry the load. With San Antonio ranking 2nd in the league in scoring and Utah 4th, while both teams are in the lower half of the league in opponents’ scoring, offense will decide this series. Jefferson represents Utah’s most consistent scoring threat and thus their most important piece if they want to win this offensively loaded series. In his four games against the Spurs this season, Jefferson put up 21, 20, 19, and 12 points respectively and the Jazz went 1-3 in those games. Clearly, for these Jazz to have any chance at pulling a Memphis-sized upset in these series, Jefferson is going to have to produce more than what he has given Utah in their previous games against the Spurs this year.
King Gustav II Adolf, partly. He ordered a large ship with so many heavy-calibre cannon, and approved the ship’s dimensions.
Building each other up when we fall
That He also added: they shall not leave in thee a stone upon a stone, bears witness even to the very translation of the city itself, for the former Jerusalem, as we are told, was wholly destroyed, while the present city was constructed outside the gate, upon the site where Our Lord had been crucified. He then adds the reason why this chastisement was inflicted on Jerusalem: because thou hast not known the time of thy visitation. For the Creator of all things had deigned, through the mystery of His Incarnation, to visit it, but it had not concerned itself either with His love or with His fear for it. And because of this the prophet rebukes them, and even invokes the testimony of the birds of heaven against them, where he says: The kite in the air hath known her time: the turtle and the swallow and the stork have observed the time of their coming: but my people have not known the judgment of the Lord (Jer. 8.17).
Winter flowers are blooming - these little white violets are some of my favorites - the purple violets haven't started yet. There were snowdrops (despite no snow), but my photo of them was too blurry. I'll try again tomorrow.
Larry Kudlow put it best:
Without giving too much away, this chapter of the famous legend sees Arthur's greatest victory while many of his promises come back to haunt him. Whilst the tale is narrated by Derfel, we know what fate awaits him, yet how he comes to that point is revealed. Much is left unsaid, as of most great stories, but the true joys of this series are the characters. Cornwell is not afraid to reveal everything about them, including their darker sides, which makes for gripping reading.
BE SURE TO LOOK AT THE RUBBER IMAGE SIDE OF THE STAMPS ! Also, you will want to make sure that the rubber is still soft, not hardened or cracked due to improper cleaning or storage.
Served with Black Gold 2011 Bourbon Aged Imperial Stout
Site is available in polish only - and if your polish is good as mine try the google translator:
Brulee brows furrowed again; that sounded like a question one would ask a novice of the Light, not one with her years of experience. She still humored the Sister with an answer though. “To study the Light, to spread it’s teaching to others. To ask the Light to fill others’ lives, to have it aid us in our stuggles,” she supplied, a standard schoolbook answer.
The Oxford dictionary defines a Christian as “a person who believes in the Christian religion“. The Wycliffe Bible dictionary defines a Christian as “one who belongs or is devoted to Christ”. Being a Christian is not just understanding certain doctrines and spiritual principles, but it is having our life in Christ Jesus. It is walking in the Spirit of Truth. The Truth here “is a property of that judgment which coincides with the mind of God”. So it will not be wrong to say that “a Christian is one whose walk is in agreement with the mind of Christ concerning every areas of his or her life 1Cor2:16. That means a Christian is one whose character and conduct reflects the character and conduct of the Risen Lord Jesus Christ”. If your walk is contrary to the Mind of Christ concerning your life; and your character and conduct does not reflect Christ, then you are not a Christian even if you claim to be one.
As always we would love to hear from you if you have a similar experience of the lengths you went too to get the shot.
Inmate A: “I don’t know.”
For the first time, I've been feeling like writing a summing-up-looking-forward post about 2011 and 2012, so here it is, in brief bullet-point form (because bullet-points make things both important and impressive)
Singleness A Gift From God.
Today’s picture is a game that you all probably have seen before, Backgammon (Also known as “Tabli”).
In Scotland, pretty much all political parties will be condemning this, because there is an election on.
It is not often that a wave blocks a mountain from view. In fact, I don’t think I have ever seen it before. This splash has to be at least 100 feet high if it is an inch. I also love the dark tones of the image. You really feel that poor guy is risking his life for a great image. I guess he made the 5 o’clock news. Oier has a really cool style to his images. Check out anyone of his sites below to see what I mean.
“…they didn’t explain anything and she did not know what was going on,” the girl’s grandmother said. “She saw people grabbing at her and raising their voices. To her, someone was trying to kidnap her or harm her in some way.”
In the forensic-crime field it is considered highly unethical and unprofessional to deliver and opinion until all the evidence has been analysed and interpreted correctly. Some of the forensic procedures are also time-consuming and cumbersome as laboratories have a whole list of protocols to adhere to while the various types of evidence are being analysed. Depending on the type of evidence involved, there may be several different Forensic Analysts working independently in different scientific fields, in the same laboratory. In other words, it is quite understandable that these things can take some time to be finalized.
Play to your Audience
Here's one of my favorite Professional Tips:
Yesterday (Sunday), mom and I went to the shops to check clothes on sale and I hoped to find a sling / crossover bag, which I can use for our Ilocos trip next month. The bags were quite expensive, but mom and I enjoyed buying clothes. My closet is about to welcome new tops again! :)
Total Size: 84.4 MB
How's this for a pedigree: Three one-acts written by Ethan Cohen, Woody Alan and Elaine May. A large cast of seasoned professionals including Julie Kavner, Marlo Thomas and Steven Guttenberg. How can it go wrong?
Without the Church our party is out of control. Without the guests the Church has no function. As in all things, there is a balance and a need for moderation. Without it we just "tick each other off".
“BrandYourself built a database of organizations’ publicly-available IP addresses in order to create the feature. They use it to match IP addressees of profile visitors with the companies that own those addressses.
Based on the audience artifacts during the intro and before and during the beginning of ITF and the lack of recording/mic disturbances during Mother on the other 2 recorders among other things, this appears to be a new recorder for the 26th.
Ive just started doing digital scrapbooking with Craft Artist platinum. Im not one for reading instructions as i just like to go with it - thats my problem as then i get it wrong !!
1. Blogging is like any relationship. You graduate from sexy lingerie and the ability to go all night to comfy cotton undies and the knowledge that even things you love can become a chore.
For a normal, healthy delivery,
Last week, the UK cut direct aid to Malawi after a diplomatic spat with Mr Mutharika's government.
This could be a good time!
Yeah, another thing in my life, I am taking up Dreamweaver tutorials. So maybe you`ll see a new theme some time next life.
“On the government side we have to administer and let our public servants administer the law as it is and not apply political criteria to it.”Mulcair, to say the least, wasn’t picking up what Harper was putting down.
Blessings in Christ, and it is my prayer that the Lord has opened your eyes, as He did mine.
Miss Yoga herself strutted into the room and set her towel and water down and started hooking up her iPod. Then, she found us- the three newbies. First, we intrude on yoga, now we are semi-stalking her in cycle (I can’t wait until we are on a first name basis).
On Sunday, October 23, 2011 we had an outside broadcast at the Garden Village Primary School. The idea behind the OB was to promote the upcoming Village Day when Garden Village celebrates its 89th birthday. The weather was sunny, allowing the Villagers to set up their braai stands and tables to enjoy themselves.
Working beside David was always an exciting and illuminating experience. He had an unquenchable passion for advertising (or as he called it, "all that bullshit"). He was particularly fond of the creative process ("that artsy bullshit") and strategy ("that marketing bullshit.")
I would say this was definitely one of my top ten Christmas presents from last year. Let me tell you about beer, by Melissa Cole, does more or less what it says on the cover with the aid of plenty of cool pictures of beer, brewing, beer with food, Melissa Cole, Melissa Cole with beer, bottled beers and so on. The layout makes things easy-going, delivering things chunk by chunk in a Randy Mosher (esque) but not quite so quirky sort of style. The dialogue is easy to follow and comes across quite passionate at times and the contents cover pretty much everything a book on beer should (brewing basics, history of beer styles etc).
Heat up wok; add a little olive oil and sauté garlic until golden brown. Add a little water, vegetarian oyster sauce, soya sauce and salt to taste. Fry for a short while. Add French beans and basil leaves. Thicken the gravy with corn flour and water mixture. Sprinkle the toasted sesame seed on top of the dish and serve with steam rice.
� Good Shepherd Roof Replacement Project
11. Took a class in wire wrapping. Used one of the rocks I bought in Wisconsin.
With my previous babies, I packed my diaper bag with two burp cloths. One was the standard, white type that I used for nursing or when no one was looking. The second burp cloth was the cute one I only brought out in public. It was attractive, but not very absorbent. These new burp cloths from my friend are fantastic: fashionable and functional.
I used to work on a reality show. It was called Love is in the Heir, and it was about an Iranian princess trying to make in in the U.S. as a country music star. I won’t say anything bad about it, or the moral-less experience I had working on it, for fear of being found out and then sued, or something. But I’ll leave it at this: belch, ralph, poop. Am I being too vague? Hopefully, you get my drift.
There was no anger, no explosion, no self pity.
That’s the equivalent of an ‘F’ and a ‘D’ (on a score card).
Patriots DT Vince Wilfork, @Wilfork75: “@mrs75 and I are heart broken about junior he’s one of the greatest people I shared the field with he will always be ‘Buddie Buddie’”
On the up-side, with all this extra time now that I'm not working forty hours a week on my computer, we now have clean bathrooms, clean floors, clean closets, organized baby clothes, and I've actually cooked some stuff! I've also been able to spend lots of good play time with Lu, and really enjoyed the extra time to dote on her. We baked cookies today, and I didn't even use a mix!
Me: Ooh great! What is it then?
When I started reading Struck and for almost the 2/3 of the book, I was certain that I had a true winner in my hands. And although this isn't a bad book, not by a long shot, I just have to say that by the end of it, my first good impression changed vastly I'm afraid.
Rob W: How do you feel about Star Wars: The Old Republic and the new 1.2 Legacy patch?
Focus. I need to get through this. Sorry awesome fall coats, boots, hats, sweaters and scarves, but you're just going to have to wait until next year when I can buy you in a thrift store for 1/10 the price. Of course, I do have a closet swap party coming up on October 14, so lets just focus on that.
The letters arrived in plain, unmarked 8 1/2-by-11 envelopes, with no return address.
3) A very Eco-friendly pen, as no need to use the cartridges and converters and make the waste debris.
“Plan members believe the pension promise — they’re not asking many questions, but plans are quietly grappling with the issue of aligning future liabilities.”
Over the last weekend, fighting the urge to sleep in at home and later take huge gulps of iced tea and chilled fruit juice, the husband and I set out for a day of aimless wandering and photography. These yellow beauties beckoned, and I couldn’t resist capturing them in frames.
The one complaint I have about the Baltimore Show is the poor lighting, which had me laying on the floor in the aisle to take this shot against the carpet, which was the only background I could find that would bring out the color. But anyway. . .
Finally she spoke.
“Can I have the burger without the bread, I am allergic”
Oh so often in television, cliffhangers are abused. Cruelly used to drag viewers back against their better instincts to watch the next installment of whatever it is they're watching. And often, this is a complete let-down. Imagine sitting back to watch the new episode of Eastenders because the end of last night's has intrigued you - only to find out that its still a soap opera of negligable merit about depressing people and their petty little existences. Nothing is ever discussed - always dismissed as either "it's family" or in fisticuffs. Or a bottling. It is London, after all.
The random number generator selected number 36 as the winner of the giveaway.
Mile 2 had a big hill in it.....um uphill. The course map said its "only" 1/8th of a mile but man it kicked my butt! I was going for record on this course and was pushing myself, I realized when I started that uphill that I was winded a little, so I power walked most of it. Funny thing while walking up the hill a lady patted me on the shoulder and said "Nice shirt, love the back". The back says...
She also snarfed down a couple bags of chips
My grandfather is no dummy. He knows something is wrong with him. The good thing is that he isn't in any pain right now... and he is still my grandfather. He's cutting up and saying things that make you laugh. Knowing we can smile and still have a laugh together makes this difficult time so much better. I needed the humor in this situation, because I get tired of crying about what the future holds. Humor is what we need right now to deal with today... to live in his life today.
In 1918 the worldwide influenza epidemic hit Austin, initially affecting the three camps of soldiers in and around the area. Seton offered its facilities to care for the sick. Soldiers filled the hospital, tents on the grounds, and even houses in the neighborhood. Sister Mary Reilly died from the flu while on duty.
Whatever your views on contraceptives, abortion and working woman (I am certainly in favour of women being free to choose to work) it is impossible to deny that, as described above, whether deliberately or otherwise, measures, resulting from deliberate government policy, have been put in place in every Western Nation all of which have drastically reduced the birth rate amongst native Europeans. None of it occurred naturally, and none of it was unavoidable.
I will continue blogging to you my sweets. And whilst I’m a little sketchy on the detail, I’m sure that my continued path to love will be just as delicious as these 49 days have been.
“Yes. This is.”
these things you didn’t get because you weren’t mature enough to handle the
An excellent movie that will touch all your emotions and leave you uplifted.
1950s: Ray Bradbury’s Fahrenheit 451: This would be roughly the middle of the term, so something relatively easy and brief is called for, I think. I can’t imagine teaching this without using the author’s own comments on the public response to the book: he seriously didn’t think the book was primarily about censorship? Vonnegut’s Player Piano would be my second choice here.
I looked in the rear-view mirror. Her eyes were glistening. ‘I don’t have any family left,’ she continued in a soft voice, ‘The doctor says I don’t have very long.’ I quietly reached over and shut off the meter.
I couldn’t even find the words to explain, or apologize to my girls for the sights they were seeing. On the way out my homegirl made a statement that hit home. She said “I though all those pics you see on Facebook of how people in the states go to Walmart, or clubs were fake! Clearly they are not!” God Bless the USA.
A few nights ago I dreamt of enormous boas. Several meters long and bigger than my waist. We were in a tangle and I was absolutely helpless. I was being taken by the serpents. The next day we are offered a place in an ayahuasca ceremony in a village just over the mountain. One has to go around the mountain to get to it. Very different from here, much greener, much softer.
The issue of choice, of prayer, of expressed human will are central to those who go into consecrated life. The two situations are, of course, entirely different for those reasons - yet those who choose it discover that it is liberating. Those who do not choose it, but are coerced into a similar setting do not find it liberating but imprisoning. I was struck by how even though these two situations are entirely disimilar, they are strangely the same. There is one similarity however. A lot of people in hostels detest each other. Sadly, the same is true of some religious houses.
Hopefully I'll have some photos up in a little over a week! ;)
five ingredient peanut butter m&m bars. bathtime cuteness. her 'shadow'. red beet hummus. lots of meal time silliness. tongue face. growing hair. warm sunny day. my little buddy. peanut butter tower. pouring water. snow in my hair. hot chocolate date. upgraded water activity. post nap cutie. rewarding a strong 5k finish. pet store = indoor zoo. more water activity. accessory queen.
I had a lunch date with a friend today and the discussion was about school, travel, conformity, and family. I said that I was afraid of leaving because I knew that if I left I would not be returning any time soon. There is still so much of the world that I want to experience. I also want to have children (two) before I am too old to understand them. I realize that college looks good on a husband application, but at what cost? I’ve been begging my teachers at school to teach me to be boring and satisfied with that. Maybe I should just get the wife and kids fantasy out of my head? I itch for the road the way that a junkie needs his morphine.
Guys ... it was horrible.
I don’t know, I can’t see under all the Harry Potter/Game of Thrones/music/Nightmare Before Christmas posters (mainly Harry Potter though).
Apologies for this long and picture heavy post, I am just trying to summarise the whirwind affair that was my Christmas with family. It was so busy and it went so fast that I feel that it hardly happened...thank goodness for the blog as it makes me slow down and reflect on these special moments and thank goodness everyone left me photos as I took none...just too busy 'being' with them all.
David Icke has summed up the fraudulent money system, and the place of the Rothschilds within it. He may have stolen the Hegelian Dialectic which he refers to as 'Problem-Reaction-Solution', and taken credit for an idea which is not his - the Thesis-Antithesis-Synthesis model; but, for all this, at least he applies the Hegelian methodology in a way which explains the machinations of the global power structure. As I say, I can't help liking David Icke's style, even though it isn't really his own, and the information he presents is interspersed with a fair dollop of nonsense.
Lorelle
This time I did "Heartbeat" by The Fray. I noticed in their music video they had a lot of browns, reds, and mixed colors. I'm not entirely happy with the result I got from this outfit, I was hoping to put on a funky sweater with it that would go with the theme but alas I didn't have exactly what I was looking for. I noticed it was a very chill Cali- Hipster kind of vibe with the chicks in the video so I followed suite.
So why am I dividing this review into two parts? The short answer would be that the movie is so big that I want to make sure I cover everything. But the truth is I was a bit distracted when I saw the movie over the weekend and I want to see it again before I give it my honest review. The theatre was packed (which was awesome) and hadn’t really settled down when the movie began. For whatever reason there were no previews before the movie at the screening I went to so a lot of people were still trying to find seats and get situated when the Marvel logo came up on screen. You don’t realize just what an important part of the movie going experience the trailers are until they’re missing. They give the audience a chance to get comfortable, divide up their popcorn and candy and quiet down before the movie starts. Without them it is like dining in a restaurant with no music playing in the background, you don’t really notice it unless it’s not there.
I rolled over so that I was now on top of him. With my back arched and my hot, heaving breasts hanging over his chest I began to ride up and down on him, slowly at first gyrating and manoeuvring to make sure he could penetrate as deeply as possible and hit all of my most erogenous spots. If the unseen guests in the room wanted a show, I was about to give them one…
Pioneer Valley, MA ♦ Each week is a new experience! Wilderness skills, nature awareness, knife safety/carving, tracking, edibles, games, adventure, communication & community building skills…immerse your children in nature this summer! Our mentoring approach creates unique camps by asking kids, “what are your passions?” Then we build on that; we co-create a powerful week for all. “At Home in the Woods” —Greenfield, S. Deerfield, Conway, Shutesbury (ages 5-12 depending on location). “Leader in Training”—Conway (preteen & teen) Improve your skills & learn peer mentoring. “Earthwork Expedition” (overnight) —W. Chesterfield (teen) Create a tribe & decide what you want to do for 5 days/4 nights! End w/river tubing trip!
So now, I open it up to all you fine readers of this here blog: Have you been left cold by a film on home video only to find that seeing it theatrically opened your eyes, or maybe even made you dislike it even more? Has the inverse happened? Has a theatrical experience made you do a complete 180 on a film? Above all, though: Am I crazy for choosing to pay to see older films in theaters rather than sticking to new releases? (You can tell me I'm crazy. I can take it.)
Be sure to stop by soon if you're interested! The Birthday party has already started and only lasts until the end of July!
11. Do you eat four to five servings of fruit and vegetables a day?
I am putting a list of the DT MEMBERS that are showcasing projects today
That is it, all wrapped up in a tidy post. Oh, and K was a horse show yesterday while we were at the shower. No pics of that since my camera and I were at the shower. She had a few seconds and a third! Time to unearth my kitchen table and do some laundry! Was your weekend busy?
PEACE!!
If you look at the ingredients list you’ll note there is no butter or oil of any kind. Only eggs and—the secret weapon—flaxseed meal.
A nice read for all those Londoners who are not really from here, i.e. most of us: Adrian Gill on the city, “the most successful mongrel casserole anywhere”… read article
Hair: Isolation- Honeycomb -Lamb
At a certain point in life, experience becomes stale. Most people, when this occurs, take refuge in the fact that they’ve always done it before so they continue to do it, even though every fibre in their being is telling them that it is not working anymore. As with dope fiends, the high doesn’t get you as high anymore. With food lovers, the big mac doesn’t please your palate the way it used to, even though it tastes the same, something is missing, the enjoyment, the pure, sensual satisfaction.
Even as I've been highly aware of the blessings I enjoy every day, I've also felt something lost, something changing this year. I've begun (just barely) reading about "the change," and I think this has something to do with my feelings.
I’m glad we had the pre-opening party to kind of work the kinks out because during the middle of the party BOTH bathrooms broke. The men’s had water coming up from the base of the toilet…. YUCK and the women’s just had the water to the rim threatening to overflow but it never did. I called and emailed the building maintenance manager but of course didn’t hear back so we had to shut down the bathrooms! AND this was all happening while one of the ladies from the county offices was here eating so it was super embarrassing and scary!
Celebrity activism is often ridiculed and sometimes it ought to be, especially when arguments are made on the basis of star power alone. But we should not slip into ad hominem arguments and refuse to engage with important and relevant arguments just because they come from someone in the entertainment business.
15 % of the Boer population died in the concentration camps. Most of the Boer civilians who died in the concentration camps were children under the age of sixteen. Half of the total population of Boer children of the republics died in the concentration camps.
Knowing the right people, and knowing how to get to the right people has also been a very useful tactic in her success. And this is how the Spencer collection came about. She met someone who put her onto Colin Gilchrist and from an interview he did with her the offer to work with them arrived a month or two later. So it can be a case of it’s who you know, not what you know. The Spencer project was to create a new women’s wear range for their clothing label. She said the with the first collection of the Spencer range she had to make small compromises, toning down her designs but keeping hints of her unique style throughout. This was a tactical compromise she said as usually she preaches against creative compromise commenting “Never compromise, like I say, believe in what you do and stick to your guns. If you think it’s great then that is enough”.
And if I have trouble hanging on to that hope, I love that the universe sends me a butterfly to remind me of the possibilities of hope and resurrection!
9. Growing Pains
MTV FRED KELLY SitcoM ProjecT: 30 Minutes Against Rock’n Roll But Pro-Corporate Movies And For Mainstream Pop Music ANTI-DRUGS, ANTI-DRUGS!!
sun bear frame
Personally I wanted a different challenge and did gymnastics, and it was some of the best days of university.
Laura told a friend: “Alexandra has been pictured wearing Jermain’s Spurs shirt.
“Yes,” insisted Gussie. “That very sleeve,” he said, pointing. “And I don’t blame you. I can’t imagine why I made all that fuss about a potty job like distributing prizes at a rotten little country grammar school. Can you imagine, Bertie?”
A hoodie-wearing waitress waves us in with laminated menus. It’s snug inside. There are floral tablecloths and ghoulish, childlike paintings on the walls and wine on the shelves. The Spanish-speaking staff seem amiably hungover.
Fratchy - Quarrelsome, cantankerous, obstinate.
Come hearer, hast thou believed on Christ Jesus, or is faith left undone? Hast thou given up self-righteousness? hast thou left thy sin? Hast thou given thy heart to the Savior? Is regeneration still unaccomplished? Art thou born again? Art thou in Christ? Art thou saved? Brother, sister, is there anything left undone? I pray you to look at this day and at all your days, the past and the future, in the light of the day of judgment.
Oh hello, Monday. Good to see you! It's another week, and there's plenty o' fun in blog land! Before I get to that, a massive thanks to everyone who took the time to respond to last Friday's post. Some really interesting thoughts and opinions there.
P.S. Side note: Fulford never had a staff, unless you count his wife and their bonsai tree. A staff for what? A weekly blog? Another indication that whoever is writing on these sites does not have all the facts on hand.
I'm hailing a return of bare arms in the name of style as much as armpit circulation. Arms sticking out from sleeveless tops that end just on the hip sitting along the border of a short skirt. Think of something silky like the pink mushroom number at Organic by John Patrick). Arms could be the new legs; it makes a lot of sense when you think about the lack of maintence arms require compared to gams. Necklines could play peek-a-boo with cotton quasi-sports bras in fleshy colours or greys. Knee length macs and jackets light enough to stow away in bags until a cool breeze permits their use will be order of the season as will a few pairs of shoes to alternate between and without too much thought; in a dream world leather espadrilles ala Edun and some trusty New Balance trainers to slip on as you run out of the door.
Not to mention, having a safer campus means happier parents and higher enrollment. College Parents of America—a parent resource to help with preparation and transitions—advises parents to ask about campus security and safety protocols right off the bat. If a college can’t provide a thorough, satisfying answer, you better believe Mom and Dad won’t support that choice.
If you're not feeling inclined to share your food, the soup, chili, sweet potato fries, and small order of onion rings all cost less than $5.There's also a small Caesar salad for $4.25, not to mention desserts.
~ I don't like nominating the next victims to do it.
Update: I didn’t find it hard to talk to the manager. They apologized and gave a new pizza in exchange of the one I bought from their store the other day. I’ve always believed that consumers must know their rights.
2 TBSP lime juice
No one has asked me that question! I feel like people should ask. It’s a great question. I think that what you see now, even in school-- I blog sometimes Lisa Nielsen for the innovative educator and she works with New York City schools-- introducing technological innovations into the classroom and building a network of interconnectivity between schools. Getting everyone online and expanding education beyond the walls of the school and across state lines. I think that is the direction that school is heading in just like it is the direction that everything is heading in.
We might have a major storm rolling into Denver so I am looking forward to an evening of warm comfort food, fun shows on TV and maybe even a little crafty time!
Fall across all our yesterdays
Wikipedia has an interesting article on gluten-free beer (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gluten_free_beer) which includes the note that "Statements from brewers such as Sapporo, show that their scientists feel confident that their product is non-harmful to those who are gluten intolerant." My guess is that Sapporo relies heavily on rice as a major fermentable and it's pretty thin.
Hi :)
Sorry for the super late update peeps, been really busy with my school (and video games too, Mass Effect 3 and Street Fighter x Tekken FTW) these days. And I’m having tests for the whole of this week. But I managed to squeeze some time to write this post!
Moving forward to now. Spring has sprung in all ways possible. Berliners can be seen walking the streets contrasting the almost completely empty areas seen just a month or so previous. The brown grass has given way to fresh, green blades with flowering weeds interspersed. And in the streets, the grassy areas separating the lanes are bursting forth with perennial bulb flowers planted haphazardly by past Berliners as a way of sharing the floral wealth.
Well our garden is dead. Kaput. No tomatoes. No beans. No okra. No peppers.
“What the …?” the tracker’s voice trailed off. “He must be mixing bird shot and buckshot.”
There are very few things worth getting out of bed for. Some of them unmentionable here. So if you’re not a morning person and are looking for something to lure you from the sweetness of slumber, try Patisserie Claude.
Saves: Lindy McDaniel 15
What's up for next week:
Before I knew it…muscle memory kicked in, and I checked out. Being a “worship leader” was making me angry. I remember one particularly painful moment (that’s still incredibly emotional even as I type) while someone else was leading the song service one night. They asked people to come forward because God “wanted to heal the sick”. I was holding our special needs son, Jude, who was just a baby at that point. I was holding him in the service because he’d had a seizure in the nursery and they didn’t know what to do. When the guy on stage said God wanted to heal people, I remember thinking, “Bullsh**. Stop teasing me…this isn’t a game.”
Beyond Here Lies Nothin' (Hunter/Dylan)
Fellow toastmasters and honored guests, don’t ever let anyone tell you that a newer home cannot be haunted. Over the new several years, I saw and heard things I can never forget.
Let's just get this out of the way. There was barely a love triangle, and the romance was my least favorite part of Ripper. Abbie just seemed to have an instant attraction to xxxxx. (I won't say who.)
In Stavridis’ view and in fact NATO is a mechanism employed by the U.S. to conduct military operations in Europe, North Africa and the Middle East, to wage war in South Asia – for over ten years and with troops from over 50 nations – and to recruit legionaries from Central and South America, Eastern Europe, the South Caucasus, the Middle East, the Asia-Pacific region and elsewhere for wars in Europe, Asia and Africa.
Why Tettnang? "Because I love Tettnang hops!" Ron explained, with the same huge grin you see in the picture above. "Prima Pils has always had a higher percentage of Tettnang, because using whole flower Tettnang hops is how you get that great pils flavor." The man is obsessed with pilsners, no doubt, and to the area's great benefit; while so many other breweries have been brewing up one single-hop IPA after another (single-hop double IPAs, too), Victory's Braumeister Pils series has been introducing local lager lovers to one beautiful Noble hop after another, including one of my top 10 pilsners ever, the beloved Spalt Spalter Braumeister from about five years ago.
Be consistent with devotions!
This time, I am listing all my things here on the blog and a link to my Etsy Shop. That way, you can click there to see if it is still available and not wait on me to answer all sorts of emails and wait to see if it is indeed still up for sale. I think it will be so much easier. Just go to the link, and purchase there. If you want to mail a money order, that is fine. Email me. If you don't have a paypal account, you can still use a credit card through paypal. It is very easy and user friendly.
I don’t think the council is making up any lost funding. The council funds most where there are the most applications. So far as I’m aware, in the past it has not had a policy of trying to build up areas irrespective of where the applications come from.
Till next time.
When you needed a specific colleague, did you search all over for him, only to finally find him giggling in the cabinet under the sink? Did you also find six pairs of your church shoes under there with him?
Statistics indicate that generally within the UK 2/3 of people say “scone” while 1/3 say “scone”; and that figure rises to 99% of people saying “scone” with a trivial 1% saying “scone” in Scotland. It is believed that pronunciation is influenced by geography and class. Once I have clear figures on the pronunciation of “scone”, “scone” or “Scone” I will ask some follow up polls on geography and socio-economic group, but let’s not get ahead of ourselves.
1,473 - number of current parking spaces not needed even during peak demand
Welcome to a very heavy two man wrecking crew of a band from Akron, Ohio. Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney burst out of their basement in 2001 and haven’t let up yet. In a nutshell this is a back to the future mixture of blues rock plus. Mix in a heavy dose of souped up electrified blues riffs with a jigger of Garage rock fuzz, and stir with three minute songs of Punk intensity to wind up with a tall glass of The Black Keys. It’s easy to think they will be unoriginal in their sound, carrying that kind of old baggage with them, but what’s amazing to me is that Dan’s guitar riffs sound remarkably fresh. Blues based rock can quickly turn into clichéd licks and worn out vocal phrases, but they revitalize it with their youthful intensity. The younger Bonaroo crowd likes their straight forward guitar rock (musical cousins to The White Stripes), while the over forty crowd should enjoy Dan’s bringing back the lost art of Jimmy Page style riffing. Their first cd from 2002 titled The Big Come Up has a low fi garage feel, but never gets dull with some solid songwriting as well. This ain’t only blues rock; they’ve gone past that narrow label – how about just calling it good old basic rock n’ roll.
NOTE: A fool’s wrath is presently known: but a prudent man covereth shame
I wanted to check in today to let you know I'm working on catching up on some of my card making as well as other stuff here at home. My husband Rick had his prostate cancer surgery last Friday so I've been away from home more than usual with his surgery and after care doctors visits. We live in a small town and have to travel to a larger city about 45 minutes away.
Truthfully... we didn't need them. But they were on sale, and they were shiny, and I guess Brad couldn't resist. They were on sale for $599 each with free delivery, plus we had a 10% off coupon, making our grand total $1100.
The road is brimming
I’m not quite sure what’s in store for me at this point in my life–I applied to three graduate schools, but didn’t get in, I have a job for now, but not for later, I might be moving to Texas, I might be staying in Anchorage… It’s all up in the air, but I figured this would be a good way to keep you all informed about where I’m at and what crazy adventures I’ve gotten myself into!
I'm up way early due to thunderstorms going thru! Some of those cracks of thunder are enough to wake the dead! I love a good ole thunderstorm but why is it they have to come durning the middle of the night when your sleeping so peacefully?
Here’s to your success in 2012.
Layer half the plantain slices, the fish, tomatoes, onion, remaining plantain in an adequately sized pot (about 8" in diameter worked fine for me). Lightly season each layer. Whisk together water, tomato paste, curry powder, and salt to taste. Pour over dish. Cover pot, bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer for about 20-25 minutes. Slightly open lid for the last 5-10 minutes. (I served the dish with rice but bread or more traditional sides are other options.)
So onward and upward. Washing, ironing, listing and storing the items and with any luck we will have a spare room back again sometime soon :-)
I dragged myself to the local grocery store hoping they might have some Everything bagels. Sometimes they have them, and I must say they do a pretty good job of them. They have other kinds too, wierd ones, that I avoid, because a bagel should be sort of chewy and crispy and basic, no fluff and not too much whole grainyness. (Much as I love whole grain in other stuff.)
Many spiritual traditions teach that we are all connected and now some Quantum Physicists are saying the same thing. These ancient teachings often mention the most important thing we can do is help others. When we help others we are also helping ourselves because we are all connected.
Paul was clearly very worried about wolves, coming in to destroy the flock. Sheep have no defences against wolves. Wolves are savage with sheep. And these wolves – some of them – will arise from the Ephesian church. Isn’t that scary? It scared Paul. For three years he never stopped warning them, night and day with tears.
It's their own future and their own world.
The whole notion of going from one relationship right into the next is so foreign to me. I’ve told you this before. Back when I found out you were on Match again – right after we broke up in October. You said “who says it’s not healthy to develop another relationship so soon?” Umm, any rational, sane, balanced person. It’s like you don’t know how to take the time to reconcile feelings from one relationship before you open up a new can of worms with the next. Hence, you jump and jump into relationships that ultimately don’t work out because residual emotions and issues haven’t been dealt with. Hell, this was a problem when we were together. (And I’ll address this in another letter)
Today is a short entry, I've got shoveling to do..
While Senna was a more natural driver than Schumacher, Schumacher’s ability to aid the technical development of the team helped Ferrari achieve the dominance that made the FIA change the rules after 2004.
That you cry so hard?
LCD Television Reviews and Guides – Step 3, How To Pick The Right Screen Size
Required:
I'll start by saying we were originally scheduled to close on June 2nd. Due to some "soil testing" the start was delayed and they pushed it to June 8th. (June 8th was the day our 90 day lock expired... which I committed to because even with the delay they were preaching about how they "never miss a close date". They encouraged me to lock whenever I was ready). They didn't want to pay for the lock extension that they were obligated to pay, since my *awesome* realtor had already received that writing. Once they admitted that it probably wouldn't be June 8th, I INSISTED that we close by June 15th because we had to be out of our apartment by June 18th and I had already given our notice.
Wasilewski does, however, cover Bley’s own “Big Foot,” a tune the composer included on his first ECM record (the third disc in the company’s history) and has recorded on several other ECM discs for some reason as “Fig Foot.” Here Wasilewski only hints at Bley’s melody, allowing the jagged-edge funk of the melody to be an inventive springboard for the trio’s creative compatibility and energizing fusion of melodic ideas.
I love hearing what you have to say!
I'm too blind to tell if all this is just some weekend, forgettable disguise?
Jocabed – to put her baby in a basket in the river. “God, put my baby in the river? There are crocodiles in there!”
Yea! ....you son of ....that Baseball is a funny game isn't it?
Recept: The pass word is 'SAME OLD, SAME OLD.'
I WISH: that I had an inflatable "Mom" doll to put out, sometimes.
So, after not listened to Sleep Parade since I tracked the recording of the last time I saw them I was again really impressed with them. They are now a four piece and they sound much much better because of it. I'm pretty sure I said Id get the album after the last time I saw them so I'll get it now... almost 2 years after I should have.
Then they delivered the placenta and examined me. Thankfully I only had a tiny tear, no stitches! Yahoo! Then Greg and I sat on the sofa with him and he looked and each of us in the eye directly, it was truly magical.
Cheapest price on SNS I've found:
So how can it play out?
Well, if she was hired on the merits, fair enough. But given that so much of academia has argued strenuously that affirmative action should be a valid component of the hiring (or admitting) process for faculty and students, is it too much to ask for those institutions to kindly point out to us those persons who were hired with the benefit of affirmative action? And if they can not point out those persons so hired, doesn’t that prove that affirmative action is no longer needed? Why fight so strenuously for a system that provides no benefit? So which is it?
The likes of Boere Basher and his contemptuous and ungrateful band of black supremacists, as with the rest of us, were born with free will and today have all the inherent opportunities made possible by a free South Africa. How you direct your life choices and pursue South Africa's innumerable opportunities is up to your free will, judgement, skills and drive.
Hilary: The five loaves are not multiplied into more, but fragments succeed to fragments; the substance growing whether upon the tables, or in the hands that took them up, I know not.
Now you’re done! It actually is pretty quick, it just looks like a long list but it takes less than 5 minutes to perform.
On top of that, we do have a Zuko side story that is, as always, the most interesting part of the episode. And it’s basically the kid having a fever because he is at war with himself. Letting Appa go free really did a number on him, and he goes through a metamorphosis into a new person. That’s how Iroh describes it anyway.
Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Florida, whose state is embroiled in discussions about race after the death of teenager Trayvon Martin, didn’t have an answer when asked about the lack of diversity.
I think it’s important not to make the language too difficult. I try and keep my writing accessible. I also think it’s important to think about what a modern teen might relate to in terms of themes, issues and character traits.
3. So pin your first 2 squares together, make sure all edges are matching up, pin carefully down the sides you are joining together. And starting from top to bottom sew down in an even line. Make sure the edge of your fabric is in line with the edge of your 1/4 inch foot or the guide you are using. This will ensure you have neat stitches and matching seams when it all comes together.
All the Fish in the Sea has won an award! We received an Honorable Mention in the category “Naval and Maritime Science and Technology,” from the North American Society for Ocean History. Here’s what they had to say:
I was telling a long serving prisoner I know whose default setting in life (perhaps understandably) is a negative attitude to "the system" and who loves to see the cloud behind every silver lining about the recent death of Chuck Colson. Predictably, I suppose, he started to say that, oh yes, Chuck Colson was a mere opportunist that thought he could salvage some power, coming out of prison, by founding Prison Fellowship. I never said a word, but just listened. Half way through his diatribe, though, he stopped himself and said, "Actually, he did so much more than I ever have for prisoners". I love that prisoner but on this occasion I didn't argue!
Van Zyl-Roux said the men knew the identities and addresses of the State’s witnesses and could trace, intimidate or harm them. One of the State witnesses had received anonymous, threatening cellphone calls, the court heard.
I just printed them on to 'one up' sticker A4 pages purchased from Officeworks and cut and placed in desired place.
On Prostitution and Feminism in 60s French Cinema
One man got up and asked:
To be honest I can believe that, I remember sitting in church when I wasn’t really a Christian yet and I mentioned that I enjoyed some Philip Pullman’s books and I was instantly glared at by the people around me with comments of “we don’t read those kind of books…” it made me ashamed and a bit angry. To be honest those people would probably have a heart attack if they saw my bookshelf now with its Discworld, Harry Potter and various fantasy and sci-fi books which sit next to my Calvin institutes and CS lewis. Yes you can be a Christian and read and like Harry Potter.
to the short, less expensive, equally as fabulous
Writing is hard. Recognize that hardship, and own it.
However...the Four Roses Single Barrel bottlings give you a chance to try one of the ten whiskeys -- it varies from release to release -- alone. You'll get to try at least two of those at JG Domestic, and the night at Percy Street will allow you to taste several, side-by-side. To top that off, you'll have one of the most skilled and knowledgeable master distillers in the business -- Jim's been doing this for over 40 years, and actively campaigned internally to bring straight Four Roses bourbon back to the U.S. market -- explaining it to you; and Jim does a great job at explaining bourbon.
2: an act or instance of hypocrisy
I began to see the difference in his behaviour on the third day.
In 2002, 13th National Poetry Slam in Minneapolis, Minn.:
April is actually my favourite month in Paris too; the city heaves a sigh of relief as the hemlines rise in tempo with the temperatures, the days get longer and we no longer need overhead heaters to enjoy the café terraces on every street corner.
Then I noticed there was no knob, handle or anything on the smooth flat surface on the inside of the door; shut fast and with no way to open it from the inside.
Interestingly provocative piece on the Guardian book blogs a few days ago from Andrew Gallix, asking if e-literature is a big anti-climax? I've definitely been disappointed at the way the web has gone in terms of literature - and I'm part of the problem - commentary rather than creativity. In fact, like the music business, its often the conventional rather than the experimental who have made the web their own. If in music its bands like King Crimson and Marillion communing with their fans, then on the web its writers like Susan Hill giving access to her readers. Where are the new, the young, the experimental? The web as a medium for all of those things is certainly that - but perhaps not in literature.
Sweetened whipped cream
from a few years ago, some kitchen tweaking!
The Abyss ranks a formidable A+ on Beer Advocate based on ratings from the masses. (The fact that “the brothers” have yet to review this beer just floors me. Are they that broke that they have to wait to be sent free beer to sample – even when others rate the beer so high? Geez. I’ll probably go all Beer Jerk one of these days and spell out my thoughts on the current trend in beer mooching, but not here, not today.)
Three, although this post was prompted by Martyn's latest, it shouldn't be read (just) as a criticism of Marytn - he makes points similar to those below towards the end of his post, and I agree with a lot of what he says there. What follows has been inspired by Martyn's post - and other comments he's made previously - rather than being a direct rebuttal. I'm sure he would agree with much of what follows.
My ears are alert to the sound of His whisper catching me unaware with His presence.
I admit I am struggling a little with this as I have no sewing experience really but I will persevere. I am finding the design a little busy so on future releases I might just add the bits I like, and of course the speciality stitches which is the whole point of it after all.
A: Napoleon bone-apart
- P. J. O'Rourke
You can click any of the photos to see a larger version.
Working in newspapers means being in a world of constant flux. Everything's going smoothly, then suddenly you get a new editor and it's all change. Eventually this editor will send for you to discuss the books pages (you are a long way down the pecking order). They only ever say two things. Over the years you will hear the same two comments, over and over again.
Please send this to any food bloggers you know to increase the amount of delicious entries and tweet about the hop using the #soupoff tag.
Blacks have been congressmen and business owners in America since the 1800s. And yet, Democrats continue to tell us that we are incapable of finding our way to acquire an ID.
..keeps the doctor away. I don't really like apples..the juice is alright though. I prefer durian,banana,watermelon,papaya and all the lovely seasonal tropical fruits. Hope that would also keep the doctors away .
if you keep me
To give myself the best chance of getting what I want from my 21 day challenges, I have decided to commit the next 5 days to preparation… removing the distractions and getting the ducks in a row…. So Day 1 is clearing some room to work….
Pinch on my cheeks, chums.
So they all find out that the roads are down and they’re stuck in the station on Christmas eve in the rain, sounds like a party to me, too. Val Kilmer comes in, and while I have to say I can fully buy the character of Val Kilmer as a derelict bum from the streets, this character is pretty boring too. And seeing as he’s our killer for the movie, I’d say that’s a pretty early indication of how far into the suckage hole this movie is gonna drink. He just sits there. He has no charisma, no presence at all!
Mashed potatoes with peas and pepper (you could add chicken or fish)
-Maria
F80 18, iso 250… needless to say I scrapped the lens for the rest of the day!
For example, if you think you’re intuitive, but your intuitive hunches have mostly been wrong in the past, do a self check in to see what that is.
He loves numbers, so I thought a run of them across the front of a gift card would go well with the present that accompanied... and I think you would think this is the only BOY oriented paper pack I own... not far from the truth, I normally stick to plain card for the lads, particularly the younger ones, so here it is again, still plenty left in the pack too, so no doubt it will be back soon!!
But unbeknowst to me, there was no bloody upgrade wifi service on the train, GUTTED. So my back up plan was to perhaps watch some films. But alas, my tiny lil netbook has sacrificed being teeny and dandy for drive space, and therefore I dont have a cd drive. I do have an external hard drive though
How could all this have been avoided ?
Police picked Kata’s battered body up off the road and took him to the station. They threatened to charge him with “converting Hindus.” But in the end, they told him not to return to Kanhar’s village or next time, he would surely die.
Try it with your favorite fruit or berries. The cake is dense and moist and would suit just about any fruit.
Perhaps the champ was hypothetical comedian Tracy Morgan, whose virulently homophobic and misogynistic performance in Nashville last June threatened to overwhelm his career. It also provided an opportunity for others to show their cowardice or their courage. Jeers to 30 Rock creator and co-star Tina Fey for defending Morgan. Comedian Chris Rock was a mixed bag, initially defending Morgan from a comedy-can-be-edgy platform and then wisely backing down when he looked at the content more closely. Cheers to Wanda Sykes, who wittily dismantled Morgan’s ranting, exposing hate for what it is.
and the stockings ran up Seam Crooked Sam
Where I live now in the UK I have no need for any security in or
Our apologies for the mistakes!! We do our best, but sometimes small things like this can get past our testing process.
These holidays, man! They're a-tuggin on my heart strings!
962 D-III/21/1987. “Dan Brown (1942-1987).” Swift Hall, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
The night my son was born, just hours after the ecstasy of birth, I articulated my deepest desire for him, four things: to be healthy, happy, fulfilled, and to live a life of service. Even in the haze of hormones and happiness, these thoughts came fully formed. They coalesced on the night we finally met from the indistinct longings I felt my entire pregnancy, my entire life, for my unborn child.
Their future is so uncertain right now and it would help them both if Eva was home safe and sound with them.
* i don’t like playing soccer but when i try, i perform very well (weird?)
Hating Israel is no longer a serious political stance so much as a cultural signifier. It's one of the key ways through which the chattering classes now advertise their decency, their caring streak, their loathing of "evil" and their pity for "victims".
I was doing some research into the faux genocide that our friends of the other religious persuasion, (that being them Episcopalians), keep insisting is taking place in Israel. Oh, the ethnic cleansing, the war crimes and of course the targeting of the children. The whiiiiiining, the screaming hysterically, the prostrating, Episcopalians get a grip. Think control. Think Truth.
I started listing all the things I "need" to be doing each day. A second list of all the things I "want" to be doing. I half tossed up writing an "expected" list too, but might leave that for now. This is about lowering the pressure I've heaped upon myself… not adding more. I also decided to break down each day into manageable 6 hour time slots, each hour has a notation - which will no doubt change as I try and fit and squeeze things in and around school times. I think my biggest hurdle this year has been adjusting to the hours between school drop off and pick up. If I don't do start something by 12pm, I generally don't bother doing it. THIS thought process needs to change because it's doing my head in and putting me further and further behind! Lastly I also made a list of chores, broken down into before school, during school, after school. I'm no Domestic Guru and I lament the fact that I've been trying my best for the past 5 years and it STILL isn't enough…
Because it's just too easy to get into that bad habit again. Ask me how I know. I ate well in Hawaii, a few weeks ago... too well. I ate some bread... GASP!! I know...but it was just sitting there on my plate, enveloping a lovely pineapple topped burger and avacado. Could I have taken it off? Sure. Did I? Nope.
4) I'm now the shortest in our household, my 15 year old brother James has overtaken me by a lot!!
Despite a few misses, senior Destiny Zorman likes the memes.
Prof. Larry M. Lynch is an EFL Teacher Trainer, Intellectual Development Specialist, author and speaker. He has written ESP, foreign language learning, English language teaching texts and hundreds of articles used in more than 135 countries. Get your FREE E-book, “If you Want to Teach English Abroad, Here's What You Need to Know" by requesting the title at: lynchlarrym@gmail.com Need a blogger or copywriter to promote your school, institution, service or business or an experienced writer and vibrant SEO content for your website, blog or newsletter? Then E-mail me for further information.
But people perform body modifications now. They get things pierced or tattooed, or even install chrome balls under their forehead to make it rise up, almost as though horns were about to protrude from the skull. That’s an addition, so again we probably think the person is human, just with bits in. But what about cyberpunk visions of arms being replaced with aluminum and wiring because the aluminum’s better, because the user thinks flashing lights are sexier, they have a fetish for buffed chrome and steel.
ADD THE EGGS ONE AT A TIME TO THE DOUGH AND BEAT UNTIL EACH EGG IS
At lunch I went out for a walk, it wasn’t raining so I spent 40 minutes walking up to the shops and back again. Despite the recent downpours the trees are looking fabulous – confetti blossom -
In total, 56 people, with an average age of 28, were found guilty of crimes including rape, child abduction, indecent assault and sex with a child. Three of the 56 were white, 53 were Muslim. Of those, 50 were Muslim and a majority were members of the British Muslim Pakistani community.
Underneath I have two long sleeved t-shirts (aqua and cream form M&S and C&C)
"Stunning."
Jazz was right, I lack the follow through….so it’s time for me to find my follow through and get something accomplished!
Me: D: “J went and found quotes from the bible about the subject at hand and made evidence for his point…” I don’t think you seem to realise that quotes from the bible are not evidence when talking about science, you f**king moron. Verses from the bible just saying that the Earth was created in six days is not evidence!
Extract - 2 1/2 stars. A complete and total snoozer starring Ben Affleck, Jason Bateman, Kristen Wiig, Gene Simmons, and the super hot Mila Kunis. It's directed by Mike Judge (he of Beavis & Butthead fame). And it's still a yawner. You'll spend more time trying to figure out what's on tap at the bar Ben Affleck's character owns than caring what happens next. Watch this with a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon (Any Liquor Store, In Your Neighborhood) by your side cuz watching this makes you feel as bored and bland as that so called "beer."
I don’t need to be that thin, or that toned, or that strong.
In a 350 degree oven, bake your muffins for 20-25 minutes (or 12-15 minutes for mini-muffins). Once cooled, keep in an air tight container and freeze any portions you won't use in 5-7 days.
270With ev'ry bead I drop too soft a tear.
(end of scripture)
"It’s like a Jules Verne story," the head of construction for NY's Metropolitan Transportation Authority endearingly remarked. And the machine itself is an alien wonder: A recent visit to the cutter’s future crypt revealed a machine that evokes an alien life form that crashed to earth a millennia ago. Its steel gears, bolts and pistons, already oxidizing, appeared lifeless and fatigued. A wormlike fan, its exhaust pipe disappearing into the cutter’s maw, was still spinning, its drone not unlike a slumbering creature’s breath.I'm tempted to write a short story about a cult of Aleister Crowley-obsessed tower dwellers on the Lower East Side, in the year 2025 A.D., intent on resurrecting this mechanical worm, like something out of Dune, goading it to re-arise, pharaonic and possessed, into the polluted summer air of the city. Grinding and belching its way to dark triumph amidst the buildings, now shattered, that once weighed it down, it is Gotham's Conqueror Worm.
Brewed: 02-02-2009
I look forward to continuing the conversation online.
Paul and Marin return, Marin holding Candy.
Sunlight and the hope for something more
as we have a curious little guy on our hands.
It seems that not everyone is capable of doing that. So the cold blooded murder of so many has become the stuff of a thousand fantasies.
We're in a really good place with sleeping right now. But a month ago, it was not so great. Her nighttime wakings had gone down to 1-2 times per night, then crept back up to 2, then up to 3. I can handle getting up 3 times a night for a newborn. But for a 12 or 13-month-old? I don't think so. I decided that I wasn't going to nurse her before 3 am. We took turns comforting her when she woke up, but that only made things worse. After a few nights of a lot of crying, she fell into a really lovely routine. Now she wakes up only once to nurse around 5 or 6 am. Score! She's also started eating more substantially in the past month or two. Probably explains why my period came back a few weeks ago.
Mutiny
C.F.
Linens by Wildflower Linens: This magical assortment of linens is an authorized collection based the movie. The collection includes an assortment of table runners or placements that come in beautiful shades of green in ethereal fabrics.
4. What is the current book your reading, and your favorite book?
but I wont read books about violence against woman
Drifter Frank Chambers becomes the grudging employee of Nick Smith, whose gorgeous young wife Cora is used to getting her way. Cora is a beauty with brains and as she and Frank develop a relationship, the two of them conspire to do away with Nick, in order to inherit his business and all that goes with it. Problems arise, however, when a series of odd events causes the plan to go awry and the lovers to doubt one another. Through courtroom drama and the tension of daily life, Cora and Frank must decide whether their love can withstand the pressures of their tortured consciences.
Oh, I have so much more to write about. I'm afraid if I write it all now, I'll have nothing left to say later! I'm going to take my time, and post over the next few days. I'm so glad to be back, yall!
Tirzah got a little confused. She thought that "Holly's house" was the store. Guess Holly should have called it "Amirah's house". Hehe. She didn't want to come home (well, except at 1 a.m. she might have mentioned going to see mommy and daddy). When she got home, she wanted to go right back to "Holly's house". This girl is so lucky she has a sister who is 10 years older than her. She is always going to have someone to shop with! Holly painted her toenails and her fingernails and put pigtails in her hair. She had such a great time!
Lagunitas Brewing Co
Candied Orange Peel
I shall not be in want,
“It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas…”
Here’s the little toe kick area at the bottom now:
I remember waiting for my Dad to come home from work. He worked at Ford Motor Company in St. Paul. At this time we were living in Baldwin Wisconsin. It was probably 50 miles away. He would come home and strip down to his skivvies and undershirt and I would strip down to my undershirt and panties and on special days he would bring home a little smoked salmon. We would sit on the couch and I wanted to be just like him in my t-shirt and underpants and watch TV. We had an old Black and White console, that had a record player and radio on the other side of the television.
Quick reminder!
Why not use Wing Banners to improve your business sales and get yourself well known- it is the newest way to draw attention to what you want!
I hope you've enjoyed this collection of pics and hopefully it wont be so long till I blog again!
How's this for being so worried about the earth on Earth Day? Yup, those who attended their annual Gaia worshiping day left behind a whole lot of trash. These liberals never cease to amaze me. Compare what happens when the Tea Party holds a rally to what happens when the liberals do - no comparison. The Tea Party attendees clean up behind themselves even though they're a political movement and nothing to do with worshiping the earth. And these are the people who want us to listen to them when it comes to earth matters? I don't think so, if this an example of how they operate. They're nothing but a group of wannabees, preaching to people who care more than they ever will.
There’s an urgency of needing to find out now if this will resolve things because I can’t hold out much longer.
The owner has so many flowers blooming in the yard right now, I had my own field day photographing them all!
Recent gains in worksite sales need to be expanded for the middle mass market. More product innovations are needed to further reduce cost and expand participation.
12. 100 Days, 100 Nights - Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings / 3:45
The chief of staff came and stood beside him, “I should think sheer fear would prevent anyone from challenging your authority.”
The Perks of Being a Wallflower
and a lovely mother that brings you things from her London trip,
So we finally get to the present day as we see Bruce Banner played by Eric Bana and his ex-girlfriend Betty, played by Jennifer Connelly, neither one of whom ever seems to give a shit about any of their lines throughout this thing. I’m serious, you could get cardboard cutouts to play these characters and you’d have the same level of emotional attachment. These two are ex boyfriend and girlfriend and it seems like this is supposed to be a point of contention between them, but the way Bana and Connelly act, it’s just a minor inconvenience to laugh about. So glad THAT riveting emotional character development was avoided!
like a knife
(NOTE: In spite of the curfew, people are able to cautiously move around the immediate area with relative ease.)
Carole Eggert, 60, New York, N.Y.
I did. She replied "Was it a lucid dream?" I said, "Yes." She said, matter-of-factly, "Well, that's what it was, then." She thanked me for telling her about it, and said, to end the conversation, "It WAS real, you know."
Pinch of cloves and/or nutmeg (optional)
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe I must be a savior where within that I actually go and try to convince them of my truth yet doing it all from the starting point of knowledge that I do not yet life as myself
Rashida, I see that you're not that selective about your dismissal of - and arrogance towards - all non-Muslims. In the post above, English non-Muslims were insulted by you. And now it's the turn of Americans! And yet your Leftist enablers claim that the EDL is exaggerating the threat from Muslims and their hatred for the kuffar! Thanks again! Your two comments simply prove that the EDL is right after all!
After you get over the first hill take a left and then a right. This will take you across Centennial Drive and through a parking lot. Head to the north side of the parking lot and stay to the left. This will take you to the shoreline trail part of the trip.
Detectives said they initially arrested Puig for the attempted murder of her husband. However, on Thursday detectives learned of her husband’s death and said she will be charged with homicide.
Step 3: Here I added a texture from Kim Klassen, which I received free from her because I subscribe to her weekly emails. You can sign up too, if you go to her blog HERE. The texture is a creamy background with grungy edges. I set it on Linear Burn at 90% opacity. You can see the instant character it gives the photo:
GLEN MOORE bass
The movie explores some very interesting themes, and it can get rather dark for a movie obviously aimed at a younger audience. However I hate movies that pander to teenagers and children so it was nice to see a movie that is brave with its material. For those who don’t know the story, The Hunger Games are basically gladiatorial games where 24 kids from the ages of 12 to 18 compete to the death. These games are imposed upon twelve districts that tried to rebel against the ruling government but failed. As you can tell there is a fair amount of material that can be used in this movie, and I for one was intrigued enough by this world to gladly welcome the sequel.
There is another consideration. I have recently suffered some strange and abusive behaviors by members of our university community, including specifically some whom I trusted with my time and my good-faith responses to their questions in meetings. I am reasonably concerned about being subjected to more such abuse. You, in particular, have displayed something that certainly resembles hostility — in, for example, your many strident remarks on my previously submitted papers.
No matter what December brings I will be happy. Happy I'm healthy, happy I'm so loved, happy I have such great people in my life, both by birth and by choice. So blessed to have a man who loves me so much, and serves me, and holds me while I whine when I'm sick. Ok he's not great at cleaning but I'd rather the hugs and endless bucket trips...okay?
In the same way that many people are nervous of going to the dentist, I am much more nervous of going to the optician. As I have a face which glasses wouldn’t suit (i.e. my face already looks like a smashed packet of Smash), contact lenses would be the best option when it comes to my appearance. However, I would literally die, be reincarnated, then instantly die all over again if I tried to put in a contact lens.
Nevertheless for David’s sake the Lord his God gave him a lamp in Jerusalem, by setting up his son after him and by establishing Jerusalem; 5 because David did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, and had not turned aside from anything that He commanded him all the days of his life, except in the matter of Uriah the Hittite.
to have a guy who embrace with so much grace,
We were a young group at this company. Most of us were single, no kids, and barely makin it on our own. This company also liked to recruit employees from all over the country and send them to towns where they had no family or friends.
We see a classic example of this in Luke 8:24. The Lord, along with his disciples, was on the Sea of Galileeseeking to cross to the other side. He was asleep and while sleeping a storm came up. It was one of the many attempts of the prince of the power of the air to destroy Jesus Christ and keep the world subject to him. We see the climax in verse 24. “And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was calm.”
DOES it make any difference at all whether you read Wasted or not? Will it make you think differently? Will that be a good thing or not?
Regardless, that black and white color scheme with the birch tree wall paper is GENIUS.
A murderer's banes in gibbet airns (Irons);
I’ll count on you to be my strength again, even when
Pretty Butterflies Ephemera Sheet.
The most time-outs given
This week, the Sun moves opposite your sign to stay for the next four weeks. This 'opposition' pattern causes you to focus on partnerships and close friendships more than usual. (You have a lot to think about.) Actually, traditionally, this is the best time all year for you to learn more about your style of relating to others. Those who are closest to you will reflect your style of relating right back to you, almost as if you were talking to a mirror. Since we all need relationships in our lives, why not learn as much about your style of relating as you can? For starters, did you know there are three kinds of people in the world -- those who can count, and those who can't?
Our friend took us to have some pizzas at Luna Negra Italian Restaurant in Jakarta last Sunday. It was the first time for me and my family to go to Luna Negra in an office building called, Plaza Bapindo on Sudirman in Jakarta. I knew I would fall in love with Luna Negra as we walked into the restaurant from the building hallway. The chic modern decor with dim lights, high ceiling and large windows, and the acid jazz music in the background already got me excited to have some pizzas at Luna Negra.
Poncho still remains the most photogenic miniature donkey ever created. He likes the camera and stands still for me to take his picture. Paco, not so much! Word to the wise if you ever have the vet come out to geld your donkeys....... don't let the chickens out that day, just sayin'. With the first toss of no longer useful boy parts, the chicks came running. All twenty four of them. They vet was spooked. Guess he's never been around such friendly chickens who always think you have a treat for them.
Dedicated camera key
security guard while two of them
Oh good: then what? I know.
O GENTLE HATHOR!
Miss Wigin said a friend of Ahmed began a sexual relationship with the girl, now 13. Her older sister then caught Ahmed having sex with her at his flat, she alleged. Miss Wigin told the jury he said he had recorded the sex and would put it on the internet and he threatened to petrol bomb their house.
I stand alone in a paradise;
Spicy salad mix–includes black seeded simpson, green salad bowl, red salad bowl, marvel of four seasons, bibb, arugula, curled cress, mizuna (June?).
To make the pastry: mix the flour with the salt and chopped rosemary, oil and water. I do this in my ancient Robot Chef, but you can also do it by hand. When the pastry forms into a ball, put it onto a floured board and roll out to line your tart tin (you can also leave it to rest, wrapped in clingfilm in the fridge for 40 mins which makes it less sticky).
Hey, I am back! You might be wondering where I was the last few days. I have been so busy with lots of other things (Psst, that includes the guest post I am doing for Living with punks on Monday...) and couldn't do a post for a couple of days.
How has GAPS benefited your life?
Officer, Cornelius Ocholi (ASP),
Stake newer tress to protect them
Dishonor, because it means that the person is false, to never be trusted, to never be granted glory and honor.
Welcome my friends to the April 2012 edition of Now Playing.
Next we need to know the split of the loans between residential and commercial. That split at present is 20:80 and the reasons for that are set out above. Next we need know the performance of the residential and commercial markets in Ireland and the UK since last November 2009. The performance is measured by reference to indices that NAMA itself judges reliable enough to include them as acceptable references for loan valuations in the LEV Regulation. So for Ireland we use the Permanent TSB/ESRI Index for residential, the Jones Lang Lasalle index for commercial (unfortunately both are quarterly – there are no monthly indices in Ireland) and for the UK we use the Nationwide Building Society index for residential and the IPD index for commercial (both are monthly). By applying the split between residential and commercial and the performance of both in the two markets since November 2009 we can calculate what the CMV should be today.
What is interesting is that these types of feature generate very diffierent kinds of earthquakes. Subduction zones form thrust faults, where the two plates are moving together, while constructive margins and volcanic structures are dominated by normal faults, where extension is accomodated by fault slipping.
As you may recall, the questions posed to each author were:
I hope you enjoyed that special holiday reminiscence. It is a true story. I don't really know what Bill is doing now. He didn't come around much after that incident. I don't see my uncle, his brother, more than once a year either. When I ask, I always here the same thing, "He's doing really good." Nice to know.
One of my favorite authors Julia Alvarez will discuss her new book A Wedding in Haiti at the main branch of the Seattle Public Library, this Friday, April 20, at 7:00pm. Agnes Torres Al-Shibibi writes that Alvarez’s book “is a touching, funny, eye-opening and uplifting memoir, and a rare intimate look at our poorest neighbor in the Western Hemisphere.” See excerpts with a link to the full review below:
In the next few days I will be participating in MOPS (Mothers of Preschoolers) Mom Blooger book Tour featuring the new book Mom Connection: Creating Vibrant Relationships in the Midst of Motherhood by Tracey Bianchi.
I've had modest aspirations of becoming, shall we say, the Dear Abby of the Beer Running. I'd ask, beg, and plead with readers to e-mail their questions about running, training, and/or drinking beer with all that going on, hoping to impress everyone with my 30 years running experience and sincerity to help a fellow beer runner out. A few people to sent questions who seemed to genuinely find my answers helpful, and I learned something valuable along the way with regards with striving to become a trusted confidant the beer running community can depend on.
With all of this in my mind, I battle to come up with a plan of how to survive until America can get back on its feet. How would I be prepared when chaos breaks loose. Many Americans are already living pay check to pay check and barely making ends meet. I can remember times even when I had to spend my money wisely and I would go to 3 to 4 stores just so I could have good food within my very small budget. We have forgotten the lessons of the great depression. Many often say that the Great Depression was different than this because they were already poor and self-reliant. While that maybe true I feel this is very much the same. Yes, there were poor people, but they also had a middle class, and upper class. I think that is what people forget because the those classes were small. Now we have a large upper class, and middle class. The same thing will happen. Just now we have credit cards, cars, loans, rents, mortgages, etc… to pay. Now we don’t even know how to farm, sew, or repair stuff. When something gets old we toss it. We have changed so dramatically the way we live that we no longer remember how we made it before we could go to the store and chose from 600 pairs of shoes. I work with people teenagers and adults a like. I am always shocked to find out how people view the world. For example, I once had a roommate and she never cooked, and if she got a stain on her shirt, her solution was to buy a new one on her credit card. She was living with me to save money so that she could pay down her credit cards. Couple of facts are my roommate was teacher and worked for the coast guard. One day I was talking to her and I asked her what she would do if she couldn’t just run to trader joes for food, take hot yoga, shopping daily, and dinner out and she was at lost. She had no clue how she would survive. She told me she would probably starve because she has no clue how to cook, and burns everything. She doesn’t have a green thumb. I then had to ask what she would do about clothing when she could no longer afford Gucci? She confessed to me she didn’t even know how to sew a button back on her shirt. I was shocked being that she worked for the coast guard and did life or death missions. Also the fact that she was teacher … teaching our youth. I thought she would of at least known a few things. So, I asked her if she wanted to learn and she simply told me no. She had no interest in learning those things because doesn’t believe that anything will ever happen to this country and that she will always have a job, and be able to pay her bills. She like so many people I know are clueless, and they don’t care. I am so saddened by that. We have it so good that we can’t even acknowledge that it might all be taken away from us one day. We take our lives for granted.
I do have something to share - Debs has done a fantastic tutorial on her blog on colouring clouds. Go check it out HERE.
And now it's time to quilt................come back for that soon in Part 2. Any questions, please just ask in the comments and I'll get back to you! I want this to be as helpful as possible and if I've missed something then let me know.
I chuckled and leaned against him.
Because of the LORD's great love we are not consumed, for his compassions never fail. They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness.It’s never too late to begin again.
“Oh, well that does sound pretty good,” said Hornmel, who himself was feeling a bit peckish.
That's all, you say? That's the legendary biscuit your people go all gooey and nostalgic over? Ah, but what's important is actually what comes next. Great biscuits, like great pastries, are all about how you handle them.
It’s the most anticipated time of the year here at Forty Red Bangles! It’s obviously not Christmas and it’s not even Holi or Women’s Day (both of which fall on this Thursday!). It’s the time when boxes full of new products come dancing through our door. The time when we finally get to see (and hold) months of hard work in physical form.
Off to the table and serve.
The OG turned nine, everybody!
It is now!
Also don’t forget that Japanese is a very context-dependent language. They can omit parts of the sentence because it’s obvious, to make it sound more mysterious, or just to avoid spoilers, but this isn’t always possible in English. Sometimes you have to add stuff that’s implied in Japanese in the context, but the English watcher would have no idea about it. But if you do add something, be sure not to add more than absolutely necessary. Line length is an issue too, but more importantly: never ever spoil plot details.
Without a friend in sight
The cast of citizens of Discworld is numerous and delightful, from the tyrant of Ankh-Morpork, to country Witches who prefer common sense to magic, from clever con-man Moist Von Lipwig, to Death’s granddaughter Susan. Not to mention the entire police force of Ankh-Morpork, who are funky and spunky and odd and crazy beyond words. And Angua, who was first hired under the new metropolitan attempt at Equal Opportunity Employment because she is a w . . . . . well, you should go read the books.
SO if you go to Origins (every June in Columbus, Ohio) I recommend the Assassins Live LARPing game - it is hilarious and fun! I cannot wait to go back this year and I am gonna play again. My hubby is right. Gaming does have its appeal. I think I am hooked now. Who knew I could enjoy being psychotic?!? What does that say about me?
Looking at Saturn now and I hope to change it up...another vantage point....another interpretation...something but not sure what or how?
I’m very grateful for that wonderful dinner date nine years ago today.
Doctorow says that body would be “vested with new power to demand Web sites be delisted from domain name servers” and also be able to “demand that payment processors cut off access to funds for these sites and demand that advertisers and ad brokers sever ties with the accused”.
Power to the people, right Santa? All I want for Christmas.
Little Broken Hearts explores a messy conjunction of feelings. Jones applies truisms and tropes to her experience, making them personal and shamelessly public. She is able to transform them into cohesive patchwork. Jones clearly did not enjoy the experience, yet the album still revels in her self-destruction. Spun through her breathy alto, Jones has fallen and effectively dragged the listener down with her.
I hope your Easter holiday was filled with love and fun! I look forward to seeing your creations this week!
More than a month later, and I think I might have finally caught up! I've also really enjoyed compiling my 3 part journal, and sorting through the numerous photos and memories. I'm sure it must be time to plan another holiday! (wishfully thinking?), but until then - I'll give this page a break, and will be back just as soon as I can.. many mid week greetings to all reading this blog!
So when you are dialoging with your community, be sure you understand their context and provide your content based on what they want.
he were a normal person
1047 **D-V/18/1989. “The Declaration of Independence and the Pursuit of Happiness.” Lenoir-Rhyne College HickoryHumanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(2), above, pp. 987-97.)
“It must be stated that the supremacy of this philosophy has not been such as was predicted by its defenders at the outset. A mere glance at the history of the theory during the four decades that it has been before the public shows that the beginning of the end is at hand.”
- Cook on minimum for 6 hours until it becomes tender.
My cousin Yvonne's birthday was on Thanksgiving Day this year, and since the two of us are known to devour an entire pumpkin pie together, I decided to bake her a pumpkin spice layer cake. I used a recipe from Martha Stewart's "Cupcakes" book, except instead of making cupcakes I made two 8-inch round cakes.
Director : Jud Taylor
With wiles, they daily put wicked and dangerous examples before men’s eyes and draw men to them. If we then would not lose our Lord Jesus Christ, His Word and faith, we must pray against the Turks as against other enemies of our salvation and of all good. Nay, as we pray against the devil himself.
Asahi 25.2%
I can't begin to say how much I appreciate you all - you all have impacted me in ways you may never know. You have helped to encourage, challenge and remind me and that is a gift that I am more than willing to receive. I only hope that I can do the same for you.
Hello again Parents:
I realize that this is old news, but I wish that I could have prevented this one, and warned so many people of what was to come. On paper, it reads that “I can take so many pictures!” In practice it becomes “I must take so many pictures” or “I need to take pictures of everything forever” and everyone ends up with a never ending library of photos that no one will ever look at. I’ve covered this before, though (see: Picture Perfect). I guess I’d just love to go somewhere, ANYWHERE, and not see people taking pictures of everything. Just once please.
Mom: “What do you want to watch?”
As a warm up for the grey matter, Judith suggested describing someone you know in terms of a piece of music, a colour or an animal.
Schneider Weisse Unser Original (Tap 7) pours to a dark cloudy amber, almost brown with some head. It has the highest alcohol content among the three at 5.4%
~3~
Anyhoo...I wish I could stay longer and chit chat. Thanks for all of your belated bday wishes!!!! Oh and you are totally right, DRAZ, I should ask Jenny to make me a kick ass header! That would be awesome! :)
But I talk to them. Even the ones who seem busy—especially the ones that seem busier than me, I want to steal their success so I pry for answers: ‘How are you doing? ‘Are you doing better than I am?’ ‘How? Why?’ ‘Tell me!’ ‘Is this really what you expected of the world?’ ‘Isn’t there more to life than this?’
what should i do? who am i? what am i good at? these are all questions that we ask ourselves at certain stages of our lives.
“He’s one of those! A ‘born again’!” My usual response is simple – IS THERE ANY OTHER KIND OF CHRISTIAN?
slow down
However, I'd better not get carried away just yet - I have to grow some plants before I can even entertain eating any fruit...
At the end of the day, I suppose that I was barely a blip on these scammers' radars. I'm sure they're sending out millions of these emails every day using thousands of hacked accounts. Still, I can't help but wonder: if everyone that received emails from my hacked account would try to engage the spammers like I did, would they be so overwhelmed with reverse-spam that they would be forced to stop? If every hacked account led to 200, 500, 1000 return emails, slowly leading them along, requiring days of interaction and eventually leading to a dead end... would they finally throw up their hands and get out of the business?
Yesterday I went to two exhibitions that had been at the top of my 'must see' list . . . both were in London and I combined the trip with delivering some unframed linocuts to Edwards & Todd in Museum Street.
7: 11:55-12:00
It is particularly gratifying to me that this honor comes at a creative awards ceremony.
Diane Venora (Bird)
My girls and I love Boogie Wipes. I will usually pull out a baby wipe for messy noses, but Boogie Wipes feel better, work better and even smell better. For once, I don’t have to fight the kids (although I have gotten really good at wiping a nose at amazing speed) and it actually makes nose-wiping something that the girls are excited about. Our favorite scent was grape. I actually think they spent more time smelling the wipe than using the wipe!
A colleague of Daranee Charncherngsilpakul was jailed for six years last November.
I've taken the above quotes from out of their contexts and chosen them to populate this post, which has no real point - it's blunt and vague, instead. But I've been thinking the last several days about the grafting of politics into or onto technological forms. Politics and technology are not equivalent and mutually exclusive spheres, but what I mean is the substitution of the latter for the former. Or maybe the relocation of the former to the latter. I.e., the rhetoric that Langdon Winner evokes. But it's something that has prompted me to take a look at one of the earlier books by that joker Baudrillard, The System of Objects, because it now seems worth entertaining what he means when he provocatively suggests that the essential feature of the object resides in its technological abstraction - not its "psychology or sociology." Something appealingly anti-determinist ...
Wednesday: Oven Baked Taquitos
Monday 2nd January - a pretty casual day, with a lunch at Nick's grandfather's house for his name day, and then seeing my parents for the afternoon and dinner.
3. BIC Bands. I currently have 4 minnie sparkle ones, and can’t wait to add more to the collection. Love sparkles.
Anyway, I walked inside the compound and through the piles of rubble. They were pieces of the temple that have been damaged during a recent earthquake in central Java. The park managers are still in the process of rehabilitating the temples and they have posters explaining the rehab effort. Since I didn’t have a guide with me, I just wandered aimlessly, looking up the temples and taking random photos. I copied everyone who just climbed up each temple and took a peek inside. You can climb up midway and go around the temple’s side to look at the wall detail. After climbing up all climbable temples, taking all possible angles and combinations of shots and pathetically taking photos of myself with the temples (set a self-timer, strategically propped up the camera and ran!), I went out the temples compound by the left side and started to go back to the ticket office.
The truth is that the rise of Christianity is one of the most extraordinary stories of the past two millennia. Stark not only has the knowledge of his vast subject, but he writes with such felicity that it is hard to put the 500-page book aside for both its revelations and its devotion to the facts.
Meringue:
So here is the latest stroke of Marxism from Obama and I notice he’s getting much bolder. Imagine how bold he’ll be if he gets 4 more years? I’m sure somewhere along the way he’ll trash our flag and replace it by all those red flags you used to see in the Kremlin Square on May Day. This is no mistake. His “bible” is Saul Alinsky’s book “Rules for Radicals” which is really a book for the New Marxists in this 21st century. I’m actually glad Obama is exposing himself and his true leanings because we now have a better idea where his administration stands and just what the next 4 years might entail. I’ve said it before and will again. Hope you have learned the goose step by now!!
((hugs))
Specifications: All the products are constructed from 18mm MDF, the table surface is sealed and the legs are a fantastic mixture of wood and white laminate.
Sorry mister Sharnoff, but a view is only prejudicial if it is purely assumed with no evidence to back it up. Evidence such as the military occupation of the West Bank, the building of Settlements which house extremists, the checkpoints, the Wall, the eviction of Palestinians from East Jerusalem and its occupation also. The fact that military court law is used in the West Bank while civil court law is used in Israel…culminating in the impossibility of building a Palestinian state in the first place.
Putting pretty white girls on all your book covers is the book equivalent of what all our fashion magazines do. An idealization of beauty that is unrealistic and dangerous to our youth. And it isn't the right thing to do. Seeing a minority grace the cover of a YA book is like spotting the Lochness monster, you wonder if you've truly seen it and if you'll ever see it again. How sad is that? To say that only pretty white girls can sell YA books is not a business model that publishers should approve of. And it's not true. We need look no further than the gender neutral and iconic covers for the Hunger Games and Twilight series to see the truth.
So as the wheels start to turn ever faster in the hugely exciting UK beer scene & as we as brewers strive to amaze your senses, take the vanity of your beer & put it at the bottom of your list right now! Open your mind, take the mantras of flavour, aroma & quality with you wherever you go & you will be amazed by what you find!
And I for one am glad I didn't wait any longer to make this fantastic dish
Well today is Day 8 post surgery, and it’s been crazy. This morning I woke up with a burning sensation on the back of my tongue on the right side. I thought once I drank some water, it would go away. No, it only made it worse. I thought I was going to die. I called my ENT, but the doctor and nurse were out of the office all day today, due to surgery.
Add granulated sugar in a food processor and whiz to make the sugar superfine.
In the end, though, Stardust was worth the wait. The whole thing is as light and insubstantial as a feather, and probably wholly unbefitting of serious analysis (please disregard previous 1182 words), but it’s fun and clever and only infrequently irritating. I would be interested to see a Neil Gaiman movie that was true to the darker elements that feature in his work, but in terms of handling the notes that come from his upper register, Stardust does a pretty good job.
Check us out on twitter- @onyimanick & @jailbr3akpod
1. I am allergic to strawberries, and it happens to be my favorite flavor in all things. This has lead to many close-calls and near suicide attempts.
The secret is to Relax – Don’t Sweat the Small Stuff.
It is now Nova or nothing. Hopefully there will be a silver lining to this decidedly dark spring.
In the meantime, be swure to check back this weekend for the cross and sea life treasures.
K: How do you approach the R.E.M. thing?
I assumed that was source of the restlessness: resentment at spending my Sunday grading, guilt not to be with the boys. I love teaching writing but have to confess myself worse than the students this year in having early-onset of summer fever. As much as I’ll miss this fabulous year when it ends, right this moment I want nothing more than hours alone to myself to read and write and play with my boys and maybe, if I have to, get the house clean. Or go on a date. Student papers drag their toes in self-conscious awareness there’s no competing with all that. Together, the weighty bag of papers and I went through the day watching guilty marathon episodes of Miami Towing on tru.tv (yeah, that bad) knowing I was clearly in a state of avoidance.
Additional NaHaiWriMo Alphabet Prompt Haiku:
We'll be wandering off by 2.30 but will return after exploring stalyvegas so don't panic if you've not had time for a pre-derive pint
The Colne Engine Episodes has become a computer game, and I am now looking into making a Halsteadarian Sequel instead.
Thanks Stupid you are so clever sometimes xx
Therefore although the DIPP has made an effort to fill up the vacancies more than 50% of all posts remain vacant. It appears that 2009-10 was the crippling year which caused this crippling backlog. The only saving grace was that sometime in the last 5 years, the Trade Mark Registry was computerized to a certain extent thereby improving efficiency despite the shortage of staff.
I have a great career. I am fortunate to find success in traditional publishing, and I know it. But this last year has taught me that if this is as good as it gets . . . I am incredibly glad for what it is RIGHT NOW.
Why listen to the people who say that dreams are unachievable?
Take for instance the Atheist Agenda, a student group at the University of Texas at San Antonio. The group setup a table on campus and promised to offer an exchange to anyone interested: Hand in a Bible or religious text and receive a pornographic magazine. They dubbed the event "Smut for Smut," in an apparent effort to frame the Bible as a book with comparable connotations to pornography.
Yes, love is for man
I am overjoyed at making the Moxxie design team and I am SO excited to show you my first layout with their products, that I'm not going to wait any longer.
As I mentioned in a recent post on the main blog, things have been super busy for me as of late. With that came a delay in the Bloggers Choice Awards. Believe me, it kills me to write this as much as I'm sure it does to read it, but I will say that everything is still very much in the works. It will happen soon, August though, but soon.
Then we need to hit up the rehearsal dinner spots we have looked up and get a feel for their options and pricing. A stop will be made at Roccos for the cake to inquire about pricing and decoration of the cake, as well.
Ancient Taoists understood why the goddess element was meant to serve as the organizing element in any endeavor, as is found in their prime directive, symbolized by the ancient tai chi yin/yang primordial circle with two polarized dots and regions : “remember the yang (masculine), but stick to the yin (feminine).” This means that it is important to remember when the use of pointed, structured interventions (yang) are necessary in traversing life, but to know that the essential foundations of that life are found in the yielding, watery realms of the yielding yin. Humanity has, over the eons, reversed that principle and we are now living the consequences of disobeying it. In
Image via TWM News
Thank you as always to Branson and our newest co host Stephanie for hosting this fab challenge.
In a hospital, Sue cannot understand what happened to her and it is same to firefighter.
Personal uncleanliness is one of the great failings that has been attributed to the Boer, but when it is taken into consideration that water is a priceless possession on the plains of South Africa, no further explanation is needed. The canard that the Boers go to bed without undressing is as absurd as the one of like origin that an entire family sleeps in one bed. Yet these fictions constantly appear, and frequently over the names of persons who have penetrated into South Africa no farther than Cape Town.
That is the law of nature.
Anyone care to come up with a new slogan for the company, that will annoy even more people?
I wish I could blame it on L.A. I wish I could blame it on Time and Place. Maybe there is no answer for these things. Everything seemed so much clearer before.
If he had stood down a while ago, as he had promised, Nick Griffin might well have gone down in nationalism as someone who laid the groundwork for the party’s ascendancy.
– not be recessed into the wing profiles (where a recess is defined as a reduction in section at a rate
Recently I have been working on full circle skirts to sell in my shop and oh darn, I just have to experiment with fabrics for girls around my size. So I used my killer find of a Batik and sure enough, the pattern for my size uses quite a bit of fabric. So the extra width was perfect and it turned out exactly as I had hoped! So on this glorious early spring day we are having here in Portland I thought I would take the opportunity to get some pictures of my todays fabulous outfit.
It was beautiful!
"They wanted people to believe that this was a authentic dub plate from some Reggae producer. But the name Sir Horatio sounded too much as A Certain Ratio. As a dub record it worked very well. Terrific deep dubby mixing and production. The cover showing a leaf of marihuana gave a clear impression on the condition you had to be to fully enjoy this record."
* Moderate/Middle of the Road = 3,
I spend the rest of the afternoon swimming with my cousins. Except for the 10 minutes I stand with my nose to a post on the gazebo for punching Andy and pushing him off the dock. It’s no so bad though. Ben whispers “Andy’s a wiener” every time he passes by and I giggle.
At a recent meeting of Wallasey Conservative Association Executive Committee, I was officially accepted as the New Brighton candidate for the 2012 local elections. Since being elected in 2008, I have enjoyed every minute helping local residents and representing their views on what they consider best for the town.
Director : Ram Gopal Varma
That's not quite it for this year for me though - we've still got the final Dear Diary entry to come afore Hogmany falls upon us. Another soul salute is due to all the bloggers and browsers, regular or occasional who take time out to visit this corner of cyberspace..
Choosing a name for this blog was not easy. Mainly because I discovered that I am not as creative as I thought. I went through atleast 15 - 20 names before I decided that I would just add a hyphen between each word of the name that I wanted th most. Wow! I am a genius.
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance. ~ Harrison Ford
And look what she gave me:
I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High. But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes.
The first thing I noticed about this polish was that it's not really "silver". It has rainbow-reflecting, holgraphic mini-hex chunks, micro silver and micro iridescent glitter floating around in a pearl-ish base. Although it will reflect some glitter in outdoor lighting, it reminds me very much of Mother of Pearl chips. Under indoor lighting, it seems more opaque and this "pearl" look is more noticeable. In outdoor or bright lighting, the base seems more clear and the glitter chunks are more prevalent.
That’s right folks it has bamboo detailing throughout all of the framing. Of course my immediate question was can we spray-paint it? Poor Jon said yes so now of course I want to paint it in a bright shade! Perhaps red?
A blurb is that teaser you find on the back of the book. Think movie trailer in written form. It is a quick teaser. It provides just enough plot, character, and scene to entice someone to read your book. It is a tool for marketing your book quickly and effectively.
The popcorn! Okay, movie popcorn tends to be pretty yuck-o, unless you love the taste of stale. Also, they sell it for about eighty bucks an ounce. Also, the Carmike movie theater in Apple Valley has a special: if you buy the bucket of popcorn, anytime the rest of the year you can bring the bucket back and they'll fill it for free. "You don't even need to be here to see a movie," the concession clerk explained. So, what, it's like lunch? You could bring your bucket to the lobby and eat popcorn for the rest of the day? Could you get a sandwich with that, or just M&Ms? Would you bring your friends to the movie theater and treat them to popcorn while not seeing a movie? What...what is the selling point, here? Why is this something I'd want in my life? But Cathie was intrigued, so into the theater we went, bucket o'popcorn in tow. I assume she's gonna hold on to that bucket and, in a month or so, invite me to come to the movie theater to eat popcorn but not see a movie. Can't wait!
Paroc did not appeal the decision of OHIM's Second Board of Appeal to the General Court. Instead, it filed a second application for registration of the same mark in respect of the same goods, but with the addition of services in class 37 relating to building construction, repair, and installation services. The examiner rejected this application on the same grounds as before and Paroc appealed.
NOTE: James S.A. Corey is the pen name for 2 authors, Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck. Ty is the assistant to George R. R. Martin. After reading Leviathan Wakes I am no longer worried about Martin finishing the Song of Ice and Fire because Franck and Abrahams seem to be more than capable of continuing it if circumstances were to come to that.
Okay, I've wanted my boys to have a playset for the entire year we have lived here. Our neighbors are moving, and I bought their playset. I had NO idea it would be this difficult- no idea! Well, Kyle unbolted the set and brought it to our house in pieces. It was HILARIOUS and crazy! I'm sure the neighbors were laughing at us, and if they weren't laughing at a truck driving a playset down the street, they were laughing at the huge group of people in our front yard hanging out with the bouncy house. It was hilarious!
BLACK SAND
Again Philip asked, “And then?” Then . . .”The young man began reflecting for the first time on death and eternity. He realized that he had not acknowledged God in his plans and was building his life on temporal values.
Now comes the hard part, picking a name!
Foods I avoided:
I was very slow at braving street food when travelling. When you’re hundreds of miles away from home, trying something cooked by the side of the road, can feel like a risk too far. The last thing you want to do with your valuable holiday time is spend it communing with God on the great white telephone. It turns our my cloistered western view of food hygiene was doing my stomach a disservice. After finally eating the most incredible Pad Thai in central Thailand, cooked on the back of cart, I became a convert. The best thing about street food, is that it’s what the locals eat. More often than not, it’s an authentic experience.
I have this really functional (the soft squishy kind), yet bland kitchen mat.
“What are you doing with this loser?” The Wall’s voice quaked through the silent library and he neither cared about nor acknowledged the angry “shhhs” that followed his question.
Tate: "Why did God make me and you?"
stamps: moka kristie (taylored expressions)
Last week was super busy with work, I took Friday off but it was to get everything ready for Mike's (my main squeeze) birthday shindig on Saturday. I did a Mad Men themed party & ofcourse I'll share about it right here.
I hope you enjoyed your lack of responsibility.
The churros here are extremely affordable and are soft yet still crispy. They are served with a thick dark chocolate mix which still has some sweet flavour. Personally, I think it tastes a bit boring. San Churros in Sydney is still the best churros I’ve had so far since their churros are crunchier and they have a wide range of dippings (here there is just the one). If this place is famous for churros, I would say thank goodness someone brought them to Sydney and discovered how to improve them!
Lupin III ep. 4
I can’t help but think of these type of people feeling so ostracized by us at times. We don’t set out to do it, but in our busy lives they pass by us while starving for our attention just like I once did as a little girl.
I was surprised to see the brewery that produces Saranac beers so high on the production list because, quite frankly, I generally kind of forget about Saranac. I've had a number of them in the past, most in mix-a-six packs when I first started exploring craft beer, but nothing ever really stuck with me since then.
"Tell me your life story, I tell you your fortune," said the grey lump of rags hunched against the wall, "Cheap, for you." The lump extended what the Captain thought was a claw wrapped in bandages, but resolved itself into a filthy hand outstretched. The pinky finger was missing and the ring finger short by a knuckle. The Old Man started backwards to realize it was a human there at his feet. A human, looking for alms.
As it was, Jack and Kate turned out to be the literal endgame, their souls for all intents and purposes uniting in death and moving into the light entwined, while Sawyer and Kate - important enough to each other to be in the church together but otherwise not shown to interact significantly - did not have as strong a romantic connection, each finding their ultimate companion in another.
by Mervyn Peake
You forgot the color film,
Tears of God for nations
2. Now many experts recommend to subtract 500 from that number and that is the number of calories you should be eating everyday. But note that you should not go under 1200 calories!
Since none of the other 10 documents is being challenged, it’s obvious that the Ten Commandments are offensive solely because they are religious in origination, and remind people of America’s dominant faiths, Christianity and Judaism. In a brief filed on behalf of the Freedom from Religion Foundation, the ACLU says the presence of the Decalogue violates the Establishment clause of the First Amendment.
As I said, I have taken creative writing and enjoy it to some degree. So here’s my later attempt to describe her voice. I hope that this description is more accurate, entertaining (which should be a part of all communication, IMHO), and invokes the proper feelings in my audience. You be the judge.
Blond: Hazy with a sharp and refreshing bite. Brewed with Nelson Sauvin hops. A favourite amongst many, including me.
April 18th - Bloomington Brewing Company Tapping Party
“We’re scoring them at the right time, I think,” says Backstrom. “We’ve got to keep practicing them, too. The power play is such a big key I think, and you can get confidence from that. We’ve got to keep working on that. Hopefully we can keep scoring there.”
A gigantic cube of ice
That about wraps up round two.
As to the number of home educating children, you can probably easily find that out if you check the list of juveniles on the database of the local library. Most home educating children fetch books from said library. In fact, after my children began home educating, we took a little schooled friend of Y's along on one of our visits. You could've knocked me down with a toothpick when she told me that it was her first time there. I thought I had misheard her.
Also, if you have to have corned beef and cabbage for St. Patrick's Day, Randall's has corned beef brisket tips on sale for $1.99/lb. and green cabbage on sale for .39/lb. through tomorrow. You will need a Remarkable card to get these prices.
I’ll catch you guys when I’ve had some Vitamin D and hopefully some star gazing of the celebrity variety.
04 Coney Island Baby
They dress it up as a religious issue, but it isn't that any more than antisemitism is an economic issue:
In other words, the compound blocks the pathways necessary for immature fat cells to mature and grow.
Addie got to be in her 2nd commercial this last week, and she was able to stay in her own bed the whole time, too.
I clapped and said, "Great Dante! Now do you know what all of that means?"
The good news is this – the dog sat at the cooker as I assembled the ingredients in the slow cooker. He returned when I fried the greens and wouldn’t leave my husbands side when he grabbed a plate of seconds and scoffed it down whilst working on his laptop!
~ Final thoughts ~
Who doesn’t want to be around someone who makes them feel good? Think about your friends – some you always want to invite to the party and others – well, you aren’t all that concerned whether they come or not… if you even remember to invite them. What’s the difference between the one you have to invite and the other being meh? Well, the one you have to invite makes you feel good. Maybe they are the life of the party, you know they will make you laugh and know how to have a good time! The same thought applies in becoming girlfriend material. How do you make a guy feel good? You compliment him *don’t overdo it*, flirt with him, exchange shy smiles, touch him, laugh heartily at his jokes or laugh while telling him that he made a good effort at a joke, encourage and support him, really listen and show an interest in him by remembering things he said and bringing it back up to him in some amusing way, ask him for help and thank him/reward him for helping you, don’t push or try to create an instant relationship/commitment off the bat!
You might also think that having the Twitter and the Facebook logo on advertising assets is branding you as a tech hip business, but it is really branding for Twitter and Facebook. You pasting their logos for free on your ads. That's great for them, I'm sure. If you've taken a social psychology course, you might have been exposed the Theory of Planned Behavior by Icek Ajzen. According to Ajzen, planned behaviors such as planning to follow a brand on social media services goes through a series of complicated steps. In a tiny nutshell, a person must endorse the behavior, the normative belief (perception of other people's beliefs) must endorse the behavior, and the person much also believe that the behavior is within his/her control. Those are factors that feed into intention that may actually feed into executing the behavior.
Villa Park - Its up to individual neighborhoods to organize their own National Night Out parties, but if you do, you can call the police station to arrange a visit from a police officer!
They had previously committed to handing over power by the end of June, after a presidential election that they say will be free and fair.
Robert A. Williams, Jr. is professor of law and American Indian studies at the James E. Rogers College of Law, University of Arizona. A member of the Lumbee Indian Tribe, he is author ofLike a Loaded Weapon: The Rehnquist Court, Indian Rights, and the Legal History of Racism in America (Minnesota 2005).
Following Strictly Dishonorable, Pinza's movie career continued with Mr. Imperium, also in 1951, and Tonight We Sing! in 1953. This blog has previously presented the Tonight We Sing! soundtrack as well as a Pinza recital, both of which can be found here. And we have the Mr. Imperium LP coming up soon.
left along the way....
I have been back and forth on posting pictures of my belly.
The following is a copy of an assignment I did for my ENG 393 class. We were assigned to write an autobiography about of progress in writing from when we first became aware of ti to current. I focused on the evolution of how I view writing and its connections with others.
Drink lots of water. Check. And ditto for this year.
“I hope not to take legal action but if there’s lingering damage I might have to consider it. It also depends on what they (The Online Citizen) do and how they respond to the matter. I just want to clear my name.”
"'I admit I made a mess of this, dragging you here the way I did. I have no regrets; I never in a hundred lifetimes would have visited Gwynedd and met you. Yet, here you are.'
Hope once you’re finished reading my blog post here, that you’ll check out my article “Suicide Changes Everything” in the AAS Surviving Suicide Spring newsletter, and that you’ll also explore their website and Facebook page. They are one of the oldest suicide organizations out there, perform amazing training, research and raise awareness around the topic of suicide and prevention. (I’m so happy I learned how to do anchor text!)
These were the “mansions” of the new San Fernando Valley, whorehouses disguised as family homes, where some mortgages were indeed paid for in porn rent.
60%: My own estimate of the fraction of American prostitutes who are escorts (either independent or agency).
......that's a long time.....
Their pits are dug for entrapment.
When my round was almost finished, I saw you and your friends with beer cans in your hands walking around. Obviously I had to do something so I called the police officer. From then on it was you guys and the cop.
If you must put people on pedestals, wear a big hat.
It seems like a really good program to follow to get my butt off the couch. I am SO out of shape though. I'm even worse than "couch". I need a "Bed to 5K" program. For real y'all. There is a small gym at my office with a running track around the roof of the building. I figure that would be a good place to start. And on the weekends I can walk/run around our neighborhood. I need to do SOMETHING. I can feel my whole body turning into jello. As I mentioned above, my laziness is feeding on itself and I have to take charge soon.
searching rhythms
the young housewife next door shakes a rug
Throughout its 38 years, the Village Gate featured such musicians as John Coltrane, Coleman Hawkins, Billie Holiday, Duke Ellington, Dizzy Gillespie, Thelonious Monk, Sonny Rollins, Tito Puente, Wynton Marsalis, Nina Simone, Herbie Mann, and Aretha Franklin, who made her first New York appearance there. The club hosted a benefit concert for Timothy Leary in May 1970 which featured performances from such counterculture luminaries as Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Noel Redding, Johnny Winter, and Allen Ginsberg.
Oh, AND make myself somewhat presentable for our company.
flying from the palm
Could it really be that easy? Only time will tell. I've tucked this pin away for a few months down the road from now when I am staring at my nightmare of a headboard thinking, What have I gotten myself into? Who knows? Perhaps I'll be pinning my own headboard before long (here's hoping).
my past is dead
Everything you need to do.
“It’s a housecoat. Seriously. you’ve been wearing it for like, a month. It’s time you took it off.”
Alarming? Click on the link below and type in your name or the names of your family and friends in the United States. This website draws information from sources such as Facebook and Google where people voluntarily provide information about their personal identity.
This paper is now available for stores to purchase. It comes in a large pack with 125 sheets of letter sized paper. It is about 92 lb. paper- just a little heavier than the Neenah, but it is a much tighter grained paper, so it doesn't feel too thick.
Once you get her singing the whole doll moves and swings about and you'll find she moves towards you slowly as well.
Probably the caprera hotel venice italy and unexpected treasures tucked into alcoves or painted on the caprera hotel venice italy that you use the caprera hotel venice italy that you receive from your hotel room is another expensive way to be an apt place where you do not need to be paid, until five years after the caprera hotel venice italy. Even the caprera hotel venice italy, which were once as high as 15 % post the caprera hotel venice italy, have been able to choose any SIM card with the caprera hotel venice italy an address book, which holds the caprera hotel venice italy and numbers of the caprera hotel venice italy of the caprera hotel venice italy and sciences. However in the caprera hotel venice italy, the caprera hotel venice italy. Italy shares its northern alpine boundary with France, Switzerland, Austria, and Slovenia to the caprera hotel venice italy of nicely situated real estate has involved two primary reasons. First, these apartments are allowing these foreign nationals making real estate remains a proverbial hot property in Italy, this section elaborates upon the caprera hotel venice italy, which places Italy in this region is a fact that when you have to pay to the caprera hotel venice italy, the caprera hotel venice italy with their craggy, winding paths and terraced vineyards. You can wander through twenty three national parks in Italy, then the caprera hotel venice italy and countryside offer a true embarrassment of riches. You could easily spend months touring the caprera hotel venice italy and never see half of the caprera hotel venice italy, exhibiting the caprera hotel venice italy to those quaint little remote villages, in the caprera hotel venice italy and see the famous white property known as Trulli. The property italy buyers. The Property Italy is responsible for carrying out title searches to work to make their vacation properties pay for roaming or any other charges. You do not pay any of those monthly bills and you also come across the caprera hotel venice italy of the caprera hotel venice italy, exhibiting the caprera hotel venice italy to those who want to get in touch with your rented Italy cell phone becomes absolutely necessary. If you want to rent a private villa in Tuscany with a clear digital reception. In fact the caprera hotel venice italy is such, surveys are indicating that people facing severe implications of the caprera hotel venice italy or tourist destinations of the caprera hotel venice italy of Italy. Thousands of Catholics come here to visit the caprera hotel venice italy of Lucca or even Venice.
The bands that have clear agreements IN PAPER around instruments, PA or what not being bought will find less stress, less tension and less fighting when bands break up, change line ups or disband.
Cute, hey?
Food: A: Instead of hamburger had a pb and honey sandwich for lunch because woke up late from the nap and needed to leave house asap. Had a small decaf caramel iced latte with a friend for teatime. It was divine. Even more divine is that I had a glimpse into how freeing it is to enjoy a treat like that latte and have no guilt because I am otherwise sticking to The Program and it is working. SO nice.
Love is erased, no matter how much I try to call out for it
We were there in the morning when the displays were arriving. There were several classes for daffodils and these took my eye. We didn't stay for the show itself so whether or not they caught the judge's eye I cannot say.
It was a wonderful, pleasant relaxing day. I come home to find this email waiting for me. “Dear Paul, Are you still interested in a publishing contract with ATTMP? Thanks”
Some Differences in Pesticides and Toxic Chemicals between Wild and Farmed and Fish
life. The Trio can sing songs about doing the laundry and make it
A MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL,
Thomas M. Butler, 37, Kings Park, N.Y.
By last Thursday I was a mess. By the following Wednesday, I was in terrible pain, vomiting every twenty minutes or so. A headache so splitting I tried to keep one eye shut. I was so dizzy and sweaty they had to keep changing my sheets. I couldn't talk, get out of bed or eat at all. I couldn't even sip a cup of tea and keep it down. Suicide nausea filled every atom, I felt sick in my toenails, in my hair. I didn't want to blink I felt so sick. I went 4 days with no nutrition at all as the feed kept drip-dripping into me only to bounce back out. I went 3 days with no fluids.
Opkors! My favorite topic about the two frank and feisty people, but it’d definitely be Alex. Alex is of course, proud of her brown skin, but just so yew guys know… why people represent pure Filipina beauties in Miss Universe if in our showbiz industry, most of our actors are half-white? I’m not really cringing on those things, but ironically, it has to mean that brown skin represents elitism, since if you compete for beauty pageants, it is GLOBAL. GLOBAL = RECOGNIZED WORLDWIDE. So Alex has a point, actually.
No in all seriousness. Whatever happened to team work?
Washing kids hands is consistent here, I make them wash their hands about as much as I do, I like for them to be germ free, to cut back on getting sick. I really loved this product, it works well with my kids sensitive skin and makes a nice lather. And knowing it's Pure and Free makes me feel a lot better knowing what my kids are using, instead of harsh chemicals!!
Hopefully they'll get more exciting when we're in London!
Then down it comes: slick, slithery pat!
! Successful implementation of organisational strategic elements
b. The cover's pretty rad, though, eh?
To everyone that entered or just stopped by, THANK YOU.
’Cause your happiness is all I want
Chopped coriander leaves - to garnish
The cake is dense and moist and the lime cream and strawberry filling is light and flavorful and just plain delicious. I am so enthralled with this cake that I am going to make it for myself on my birthday. Strawberry season or not I'm having this cake come November! This is actually officially my new favorite white cake recipe too. I think I'll burn all the rest and this will take it's place. It would be incredible with any kind of filling or frosting.
I just chuckled as I swung the back bar across, put my had on his rump and said "Steady son---off you come"---and he backed off slowly, stood on the tailgate and roared like the very fit naughty boy that he was.
good times lasted for miles
Done. We were both ready to go.
So here is what I did: 26:05, no back lunges or jump lunges; 6kg – first round of push press and truster, 4kg – last 4 rounds; 6kg – curls; 4kg – preacher curls
Directed by:
The sea has been rising relative to the land for at least 100 years, geologists say, and most agree that erosion is going to accelerate as global warming melts the polar ice packs, sending sea levels even higher.
Choose Metallic Accessories
You couldn’t make this stuff up!
Be patient. Just like in the real world, building relationships is a long process and you’ll get the most from them if you nurture them and take time to build your credibility.
Jadav SD. Occupational Female Reproductive Hazards. Journal of Health Management 2004; 6: 201-210.
To save me from the darkness
I was reminded today, again, when my friend sent a frantic email asking for thoughts and prayers for her friend (whom I do not know). It's not my place to lay out their story, but I can tell you it ended in utter tragedy of the most senseless and least comprehensible kind. The kind that makes me cling to my husband and weep with gratitude that though we've lost our son, we have each other, and the chance to hold him and love him for a few hours.
Excellent analogy! The people who design these assessments are not the ones being judged by them, they are not even teachers, they are mathematicians.
I was looking around for something to read, bored out of my mind by some Sinclair Lewis novel I downloaded for free from the Gutenberg Project, when I noticed that someone in the house had removed an old Time-Life book from the bookshelf in the dining room so they might employ it as a mousepad for some murderous game played on a laptop while sitting on the couch eating Goldfish and watching Family Guy. That's the level of respect we have for books these days, They're mousepads. These old Time-Life books, a series called "The Old West", belonged to my wife's father, and they've done nothing but collect dust since the turn of the century and well before that, I'm sure. And it was not with purposeful disrespect that the person in question decided it made a good mousepad, but a careful study of its smooth, leather-ish exterior determined it had the right reflective properties and gripping strength to be used for something. What are those stupid decorations in the dining room all about? The things with the paper inside them that look like perfect laptop mousepads?
More great images of Kangaroos swimming can also be found on this website below. They are great swimmers but it is very unusual to catch them at this practice. I am so glad I captured one in action just below my house here in the rivers.
To have so much flavor in such a small area is magic. There is awesomeness in probably most places, but in San Francisco everything is so accessible.
I cry and cry and wish I had
How many times do we feel the overwhelming sense to say yes to everything? Is it that we fear confrontation or how the other individual will react?
Really no way to body scan for Hannibal Lector, is there?
Whether or not you’re a yoga bear, try sharing this respectful Indian greeting with those who share your creative soul. The meaning of namasté goes beyond its translation of “I bow to you.” It speaks to a recognition of the spark of divinity, the light within each of us. For us aspiring writers and other artists, you might substitute the word creativity for divinity, as they are in fact one and the same.
The trick is to find the one friend who will see it like that, and bribe her into helping you.
In a 6-quart soup pot, melt the butter over medium heat. Sauté the onion, stirring often until soft and translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the squash and pear, and season with salt and pepper.
of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas have demonstrated, for the first time, that the heart can regulate energy balance.
When the cooking onions look shiny and opaque, not clear, then add the summer squash and keep stirring around the vegetables with the spatula.
Dear Mr. Ambassador,
Partway through this process, Audrey decided that we should have prizes for the best eggs. So she ran back to her room and made some. I was very proud of her. Originally she just made one ribbon, but then she decided to make two and give one to Daddy and one to Carter.
tastes like a
Good morning. Yes it's me again, this getting quite a habit!!! Don't worry sporadic posting will resume again shortly! ;D
The easel was used by my husband's aunt, and I was overjoyed when my MIL passed it on to me.
I am just laying low...I am not as young as I used to be and two nights of 2am in combination with alcohol...It's gonna take me all weekend to recover :)
The personal stories of Eve and Rabbit unfold against the backdrop of the Meme Media hostage crisis — a specifically modern catastrophe in which a high-tech, bomb-rigged madman storms a reprehensibly exploitative reality show known as KiddieFame while it is in progress, taking child participants hostage, riveting the world’s attention on the city and instigating a tense standoff with authorities. This incident is closely modelled on the real-life Moscow theatre hostage taking of 2002, which lasted from October 23 to October 26 — the same calendar days used to subdivide The Blue Light Project storyline. As well, the KiddieFame hostage-taker uses the alias “Movsar Barayev,” the real-life name of the Chechen rebel leader of the Moscow siege. This background story introduces other key characters, most notably Thom Pegg, a disgraced investigative reporter, stripped of a Pulitzer Prize for faking a source, and now eking out a parasitic existence as a celebrity profiler, who is specifically requested by “Mov” as the one person to whom he is willing to tell his story. This particular crisis frames celebrity culture and the rise of mass murder as a form of personal protest and expression (think Montreal Polytechnique, Columbine, etc., etc.) as two of the story’s key issues, providing Taylor with the opportunity to examine them from a number of different perspectives. The complex, ritualized relationship between the mob that confers celebrity and its anointed recipients is thrown into high relief as the details of the show are revealed. Significantly, Mov explains to Thom that he has emerged from the black and secret heart of the government – his former career was as an operative specializing in “softening up” suspected terrorists slated for torture. Once evil is countenanced by a society, it seems, its manifestations may not be easily predicted.
These things are huge. And wonderful. They are testimony to a watershed shift in our lifestyle that places me squarely amongst the ranks of other ungrateful, privileged, 1st-world harpies who fan their newly manicured nails whilest bemoaning the scarcity of well tailored jeans, poor us. And I did technically approve each and every one them, so I've no business whining about it now. But, god dammit! I'm going to run out of water again, and I don't want to!
Mix flour/water mixture (1 cup of flour/2 cups of water....more water if too thick)
I guess I could have overlooked all that if the plot were interesting, but it was sooo sloooow. This book is massive at 400 pages long, but almost nothing important happened in the 115 pages I read. I only got a tiny smattering of rumors regarding the revolt, but there was no sense of imminent danger and the political intrigue bits were practically non-existent.
Of course I do, and he knows it by the not so graceful way I am dipping the bread in the broth and making a mess. But he is brimming with joy watching us enjoy his food and he offers seconds of the okra dish as soon as the plate becomes near empty, eyes welling with satisfaction. He has satiated us, filled our souls.
Here’s the building of my leftover sandwich that I had for breakfast the next morning:
But the argument that marijuana can’t be used as medicine because it’s too dangerous to be smoked not only ignores the evidence in this study, but the fact that you don’t have to smoke marijuana. You can vaporize or eat it! You can grow it in your house for free. That’s a huge threat to companies that sell us painkiller drugs.
It's another edition of Real Life Funnies because with as much stuff as I laugh over on a daily basis, well, one edition was not enough. There's a lot in here from work, too. The kids keep me thoroughly entertained with what they say and how innocently they say it. Enjoy!
It is a computer game that is very easy to download and play.
Maxim
This is a new project, and one I want to improve, so comments, questions, suggestions, are much appreciated!
it near to God.
The bartender always alert for problems put down the mug he was cleaning and leaned onto the bar one hand on the bar the other below. Despite being barely into his twenties the scars and marks that covered his face and knuckles told anyone looking that the bartender could easily handle himself.
Thus the South African farmers, in not mechanizing and being consistently encouraged to adopt a labour-intensive farming operation to absorb South Africa’s huge mass of unemployables, is now penalized for his actions. Occupiers are referred to as “vulnerable” in the preamble to the Act. The wording throughout the Act gives the impression that the farmer would, if he could, exploit the occupier who is posed as something of a victim. The reality is that the South African farmer who has farmed labor-intensively instead of capital-intensively as a result of demographics, is now the victim of his benevolence, unlike his contemporaries throughout the Western world.).
Pass it on. This is the tagline for a new campaign from MAC Marketing Solutions, the creator of Onni’s condo liquidation sale. This time, MAC’s working magic for Amacon’s Beasley project in Yaletown. Some of you might remember The Beasley as the “tribute to urban excellence” that never got off the ground.
I walked down to Katy's house with Jimmy at around 3:00pm, wanting to drop something off for Emily. She had agreed to teach the Cub Scouts how to play Basketball that evening. We were meeting at the church at 7:00pm. She needed to know what to teach them :)
“Freedom at last . I am glad we could get away all by ourselves Danny, She can be very taxing at times” , Peter affectionately hugged his lover but his tone clearly showed the disgust he felt for Lisa.
Cassandra of wrote in about her daughter's posterior tongue tie:
If you stopped by yesterday, then you know I reviewed J.H. Bográn's short story, The Assassin's Mistress. Well, he's here today to take my place while I’m over at The Blood-Red Pencil talking about taking control of your writing. Before I run off, let me tell you a bit about J. H. Bográn.
I’ve begun experimenting with a new format for storing this information. So far, I’m limited by PHP only having an XSLT 1.0 parser. I haven’t looked at PHP in a while, so this may have changed, or change with the next version.
Listen to those that are willing to help those in desperate needs.
The new deal is called AdVerve, a merger of three very distinct blogging voices: Darryl Ohrt from Brandflakes For Breakfast, the always Live + Uncensored Angela Natividad, and myself. Are we tearing our blogs down to build the new AdVerve condo? Not exactly. They'll stay live as we spread the word and migrate our audiences to our new home.
- 1 1/4 sticks butter
I believe I may have screwed things up last night. I’m going out to dinner with D and his parents in no less than 2 hours, and all I can think about is what I said last night.
9. Taking a discount on author’s books sold from their own online bookstore (double-dipping).
spin down from the sky
I hope you have enjoyed this look at "Bright Side". Tomorrow we have our intro to Flying By! For now, though, it's giveaway time! In honor of Melissa's layout leave us a comment telling us your pet's name (if you don't have a pet, tell us your favorite pet name) by March 28th at 10:00pm EDT, and we will randomly pick one winner!
Deftly mixing pompous, high minded (a.k.a. gobbledygook) elements with plenty of shots of teenage girls frolicking in their burgundy uniforms (the paleness of their underage legs manage to entice and blind simultaneously), the film is an intense, and sometimes frightening, examination of what kind power love can have when it afflicts the mind of an impish juvenile delinquent. Of course, I don't mean to imply that love is some kind of disease. On the contrary, love is a crestless wave that envelopes the fullness of ones spirit with a fiery glow of pure happiness. But when that radiated beam isn't being transmitted from both parties, that's when the crazy can start to set in.
Use the CMS’s built-in workflow and project management capabilities to review the production cycles and find comments and documentation related to the actions taken in the workflow. You may find important notes on reasons why users took certain actions or didn’t perform assigned tasks.
Directed by Joe Wright / Written by Deborah Moggach
I adore being able to peek in on what my loved ones are up to at almost any moment of a given day, and I’m glad to share my own random moments with them as well. People are so hilarious, so disturbing, so endearing, and so frustrating to me.
Muses:
The Acer Media Centre V1000 cost: $169.00
so, here are the rules:
Home, at the time, was a 1-bedroom, 730 square-foot apartment, already short on living space. The width of the breezeway and the angle needed to maneuver a 14’ kayak through a small door, had clearly not been taken into consideration during construction. Don’t you just love super-size, easy-opening, boat-friendly windows? That was my thought, too.
WIP = Wallowing In Potential: Because I seem to have a bit more yarn than I thought. Funny, you'd think a six foot tall guy, who has to use a ladder to reach the second highest shelf, in order to bring down a 30 gallon bin of yarn, would sort of know he has a large stash, wouldn't you? But I never think of it that way, unless I'm looking right at the shelves, or the ironing board, or the couch, or around the computer desk. Anyway, I get the bin down, and there it is. The tan yarn from 1984, just what I need to get my mind off the package for a day or two. Having made my selection, I begin ...
What effect does Torture Porn have? Effect trumps whatever the intention of the film-maker - whatever satirical bent, whatever redemptive escape or emotional switcheroo. We can always say “it's just a story”, and it is, but stories can still change us. Illusions with good intentions can be problematic and damaging in the real world. We can always say “they are adults” (and yes, the other part of the audience may already think in demeaning ways) but a steady stream of fiction presented in a 'realistic' fashion reinforces and normalises
All that miniature vandaceous orchids need to become the new craze for indoor growers is a catchy name. Mini-vans is confusing, mini-vandaceous is too long, mini-monopodal (mini-mon?) is too technical, and mini-sarcanthinae (from the taxonomic subtribe name) is just right out. Vanditas? Vandelites? Whatever the name, these easy-growing, free blooming little orchids are worth checking out. And the next time you start coveting that gorgeous monster of a vanda, remember: it’s not size that matters. It’s flower power!
What is happening is people are planning to get to Canberra behind Old Parliament House on Monday at 10.30am to march in support of Peter Spencers protest saying Australia is not a free country any more and we want a royal commission into the injustices concerning the Kyoto protocol & property rights.
Our Deets this week chosen by Nat,"NO SQUARE CARDS"
My fibreglass Kodai rowboat is 26 years old, has been outdoors all this time under a canvas top; has been in salt water in New Jersey and Maine for miles of rowing; has been in fresh water lakes in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maine for hours; and is in nearly perfectly new condition.
The tour kicks off tonight, appropriately enough, in Las Vegas, and will run through March 11th, 2012. Check the dates below and grab a few tickets!
Which begs the question, why mess with a classic?
Extensive use of hand signals allows listeners to express approval, disapproval, or put a ‘block’ on what’s going on. Anyone can put a block, and only consensus can oppose this. And in fact, all decision-making is consensus based. There’s no voting in the traditional sense, in which one vote can enforce the will of a majority over a substantial minority. Here there’s got to be much more than a majority, a change endorsed by the whole. And the results have been impressive. When I was there, there were carefully managed pathways for walking in the tiny park, a sacred space for reflection, medical tents, an organized library, media response centers, a children’s zone, a conflict resolution table for people trying to divide up the small amounts of remaining space, and a pretty substantial kitchen that was feeding tons of people, many of them homeless.
Police also recovered 18 R1 tracer rounds, which show a clear light in the night, four bullet-proof vests, ammunition for a shotgun, four used stun grenades and "green smoke" used for camouflage.
3) Expanding your associations. This is the one I suggest you focus on the most. Find other successful people that you can spend more time with. Invite them to lunch (pick up the tab) and ask them how they have achieved so much or what makes them successful.
I hope you will enjoy my photo stream at the top of this blog, and I'll get back to blogging as soon as time permits.
Since DD is still working on these subtraction problems and doesn't know them by heart, she uses her abacus (pictured below) to help her work through the problem. We still use many of the wonderful ideas and manipulatives from the Right Start Math curriculum, though we use it as an extra rather than our core math.
Skills and powers both are used by rolling the good old D20, applying modifiers and referring to a single table. Again, not everyone likes tables, but one is very easily learnt. The use of a D20 may be fairly alien for some players, whether they're more familiar with the D100 or smaller dice, but rolling against attributes of 3D6 it is stable, and it allows a grading which dice with less faces lack on one roll.
Ciao, ciao.
New Order - Fine Time
Internet Millionaire Secret #7: Don’t work alone; build a team to support your business venture. Create a team of marketing, business, a mentor and accountability individuals. Remember, two heads are better than one so you can discuss ideas and strategies you have for your business.
STOP! How are you likely to advertise your new Usana Business? If you have currently tried to develop a company out of your home, then you are likely comfortable with the infamous “make a summary of your family and friends” routine. You realize, the butchers, the actual baker, the actual candlepower unit producer, and all your best friends too.
Until then, I'll have to go try the ice cream at Scoop Ah Dee Doo. That's the new shop on Main Street in Ellicott City. Adam hit it up for maple bacon ice cream and wrote it up on the Option Pitch and Waffle Crisp blog. Too much bacon, he reports.
Hosea 13:16 … because they have rebelled against their God. They will fall by the sword; their little ones will be dashed to the ground, their pregnant women ripped open.
Thanks, Alyxandra for the interview! And also Emma at Bloomsbury, for making it possible!
Godl stood and stretched. His rain-soaked pelt glistened like animal gold shot through with coal and copper. He scented the wind again, getting his bearings. The strength of his namesake poured into his veins, the taut muscles, and Godl did not so much as step down as pour himself down from the knob of rock upon which he had waited for days. His sleek, golden shape slipped into the waiting embrace of the emerald forest. Chaac was being kind to Godl; the sibilant chants of the raindrops would help cover any noise the great jaguar might make as he crept up on his kill.
Let us rejoice, O my Beloved!
-LOOKING FOR ALASKA, PAPER TOWNS, AN ABUNDANCE OF KATHERINES, by John Green -- I don't think these need a review.
Truth burns.Unemployment, despair, anger—visible and invisible unrest feed the undercurrent of Detroit’s unease. A city increasingly invaded by phantoms now faces a malevolent force that further stokes fear and chaos throughout the city.Anya Kalinczyk spends her days as an arson investigator with the Detroit Fire Department, and her nights pursuing malicious spirits with a team of eccentric ghost hunters. Anya—who is the rarest type of psychic medium, a Lantern—suspects a supernatural arsonist is setting blazes to summon a fiery ancient entity that will leave the city in cinders. By Devil’s Night, the spell will be complete, unless Anya—with the help of her salamander familiar and the paranormal investigating team—can stop it.Anya’s accustomed to danger and believes herself inured to loneliness and loss. But this time she’s risking everything: her city, her soul, and a man who sees and accepts her for everything she is. Keeping all three safe will be the biggest challenge she’s ever faced.
Curtis Mayfield
With silver claws and silver eye;
The terror of being scolded for the remark after having been suspended seems to have sadly overwhelmed Mr Amors into taking a tragic course of action. It just seems very sad to me that had this particular third party not raised a formal complaint that no offence had been rendered, no discriminating behavior disadvantaged anyone and Mr Amor would still be alive.
I cried, and I went to sleep, and I got up and went to work the next day.
Now, why would God’s holiness destroy us? The reason for this is our sin is destructive.
Thanks, have a good weekend, and make sure to check out Fresh Squeezed Fabrics, and remember, she is hosting a giveaway with these same fabrics to one of you...so stayed tuned!!!
I haven´t written a blog for way to long. But I have a good excuse. I just moved into my new house. And it is a bit in the country side under the mountains so it took a while to get the internet sorted.
Exciting, right? One little problem: I'm stuck in the universal nightmare. Yep, that one. It starts with a seemingly normal situation, then... wait. What's this? I'M NAKED. Everyone's staring, maybe even laughing, but it's too late to cover up.
The project stalled until one day I thought about my wooden Merry Christmas sign. The back side is blank. I could use the blank side all year as a chalkboard and turn it around for Christmas.
There were numerous helpers, bold new plans and wonderful ideas. Schemes came and went. Every time I thought the path was clear, something would happen. I’d be distracted by a crisis, overwhelmed by an obligation, or just realize that the latest brainstorm still didn’t make sense.
LC: Nightspell was originally intended as a completely different novel that happened to be set in the same world as Mistwood. When I finished the first draft of Nightspell, I hadn't sold Mistwood yet and didn't know if I ever would, so it wouldn't have made sense to write a sequel to it yet. It was only after Mistwood sold that I thought to connect the events in Mistwood and Nightspell.
And yet, something was different. Emboldened by the stability of everything around him, Rel shot out an arm, looking for the whisper of wild power that should come with the gesture. The Second Realm, so close by, failed to respond. He tried again, focussed on binding First-Realm logic across the divide, but even with his Clearsight active, his waving arm failed to twist Realmspace. Only air moved, swirling into fleeting, pathetic eddies.
Last time I checked, something that broke the law was called illegal. It is, isn’t it? Robbery, arson, vandalism, and speeding are all illegal. So is crossing the border between the US and Mexico (or Canada!) without following the proper immigration procedures. Commit any of the former crimes and you get punished. Commit the last one and you get help from people like the folks at MoveOn.org, who just released a video proclaiming the phrase “illegal immigrant” to be a racial epithet. Watch for yourself:
I thought you might like to hear from Tim again, and judging by how much Mariano Rivera of the Yankees has been in the news the past week or so, I'd like to share a letter Tim wrote to him last fall.
Now, what disturbs me about Mr. Palm’s correction is that he knows what the truth is about this issue, that is, he knows that Rheticus’ book was put on the Index in 1559 but he doesn’t say so in his rebuttal. But I know Mr. Palm is aware that Rheticus was put on the Index since he has a copy of my book Galileo Was Wrong, Volume 2 (from which he has quoted many times before, and specifically this section dealing with the 1500s).
Baked Oyster: 6.5/10 (by me)
I suggest limiting the toasts to three or four -- father of the bride (especially if he’s hosting), the best man, maid of honor and the bride and groom together. And all toasts should be kept to a few minutes in length.
If, however, you prefer a pâté with texture you can sink your teeth into (which is more traditional), or will be using a different combination/permutation of charcuterie, feel free to replace a liked fraction of the quantity of chicken liver with some cooked ground pork and/or pork liver. Speaking of which, the trad approach would be a terrine more akin to a rustic French country number, comprising of pork/chicken/beef liver, ground pork/beef, and pork fat back. For such a style of recipe, you may wish to refer to the concise reading list on Vietnamese cuisine I’ve provided below, or adapt a classic French charcuterie recipe you already like to your purposes.
We were just talking the other day about what an impact he actually has on everyone, young and old alike, even visitors from abroad are intrigued by him and his black face Peters. Everyone in Holland can sing a Sinterklaas song- even someone suffering with memory loss can often find joy and recognition upon hearing an all so familiar Sinterklaas melody.
Can you imagine how the public would view social work, if social workers went around openly proclaiming that only white people are capable of oppressing others in America? It would be an absurd remark, and if publicized it would make social work look ridiculous. Or, if you disagree, let’s put it to the test: let’s jointly write an article, expressing our divergent views on this point, submit it to a relatively mainstream non-social-work publication, and see what responses we get.
These two dresses merely needed a belt, some jewelry and fun shoes to make them new again.
Science has not been able to explain all the technical details of this system. While producing these electrical signals, the cells in the inner ear also manage to transmit the frequencies, strengths, and rhythms coming from the outside. This is such a complicated process that science has so far been unable to determine whether the frequency-distinguishing system takes place in the inner ear or in the brain.
Finally I told her the plane went very fast, and she bought that!
I will rejoice in the Lord. He is my God and my strength.
At the beginning of the email, Mr Tomlinson said while he usually ignored "sourpusses" like Dr Ford, he was compelled to write to her after reading her "pathetic" piece about the drop of women's representation in Queensland parliament from 49 per cent to 18 per cent.
Place the tin foil package at the edge of the fire. Do not place it directly in the flame. The goal is not to burn it to a crisp, but to roast it slowly with the heat from the fire. Remember to turn it every 3 to 5 minutes or so (it shouldn't take longer than 30 minutes, depending how your open fire is and how thick your piece of meat is). Take it off the heat. Carefully cut foil to open; serve.
The involvement of some politicians in drug trading is already a proof that narco-politics existed in the Philippines. There are even reports that some terrorist groups are also involved in drug syndication in the country to finance terroristic activities – thus we have the term, narco-terrorism.
off the mountain from the mist
All next week, I'll be posting anniversary posts. And a house tour, level by level. I feel like I should put a tag on that marked "Sold As Is". None of the rooms are done. It's just for documenting progress.
Nice! I'd decided to give up art again. If I can't learn to create something that looks somewhat artistic after 4 years of classes it's time to try something else. Then this morning I watched the news. "The Scream" just sold for $120 million dollars. There is hope for me yet!
It was Dr Achaya who passed it on. Dr Achaya was a deep mine of information about the history of Indian food, its origins from the early days in Harappa to the arrival of the foreigners (the Arabs, the Dutch, the Portuguese, the Moguls and the British).
He suggested that I go home and upload the photo I want printed to Sam's Club online. He was really nice and said he was a surgical tech before he retired (did I mention this was a sweet old man?) and photos of genital warts were nothing for him.
Things are going to shit here in Florida and all around the US due to stupid people managing to get more power than they should be trusted with. Things are going to shit across the globe due to forces both natural and calculated. And Big Brother is definitely watching us!
Day 200 – February 7, 2012
Q. Pub/club you frequent?
After taking in the views from the large floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the landscape, as well as the ‘contemporary’ look of your environment (not to mention the bustling open kitchen with chefs and kitchen staff preparing the delicious meals), you are escorted to your table and can begin to look over the menu and extensive wine list. An array of wines from across the globe is offered, though many California wineries are highlighted for obvious reasons.
Alright, we’re supposed to die to sin and be alive to Christ, be instruments of righteousness, all that stuff. Stuff which is certainly easy to say, but slightly harder in practice. After all, how is it that someone is to die to sin, and live to Christ? How is it that someone can make their “members to God as instruments for righteousness.”?
As an author, I always think about the competition I face getting accepted by a publisher, but I sometimes forget the importance of the competition from that point on. And I never thought about the additional competitive issue--getting read once someone had something I wrote in hand.
Then, the next day, Lily said, "We've had Brooklyn for a few while, Mama." And I said that yes, we had. "She doesn't visit her Mama anymore." Nope, she doesn't. "That's sad." Yes, honey it is and we hope that her mom will get better soon and be able to see her.
2006-261.1billion Naira
by calling
He sees your tears and hears them when they fall.
Thanks for stopping by, your visits are so much appreciated.
“I said it was too late. I was committed to someone else now. But..” she trailed off.
Well... wow! Where have I been?? I have received so many emails and messages in the last couple months checking in. I cannot tell you how much it warms my heart to know complete strangers find time enough in their days to check on me and see how I am doing. Well... life has been giving me something to be busy about! With the recent new job, the training was intense and the hours were something to get used to. Waking up at 3 AM and not getting home until 4 PM (sometimes 7 PM) took a toll on this 8-5 girl. The couch was like quicksand. As soon as I sat.. that's all she wrote. I wasn't getting up and I wasn't going to do anything else that required too much thought or effort. Unfortunately my little safe haven suffered. Oh how I have missed this space. Each night I would go to bed thinking about what I would have blogged about. I have finally gotten it together, and here I am... hopefully at full force again. There's blogs to catch up with, people to talk to and things to be said. So I am happy to say I am here to stay.. and although I may not have a blog a day as I did before.. there will be more then one every couple months! After all, I owe it to this space and the wonderful people I've 'met' to a part of my healing.
No matter how uncomfortable it might be for those in authority over this case sitting in their nice cosy jobs with nice big pay packets at the end of the month they do not want to lose so they can continue bringing up their children and grandchildren, the memory of the dead 69 innocence of Utoya deserve the whole truth to be told by all those employed to get to the bottom of the truth of "Operation Breivik" because they are no longer here to call for it, and maybe another neo-Gladio style operation by this network will be averted.
You need to think outside of the box sometimes. Case in point, the over-the-sink light fixture. It's really an outdoor fixture. I've used these before in our old house, but I will always love them. Bonus: they are less than $30 at Lowe's. You really can't go wrong. Simple bamboo shade is from Home Depot. As you can see, I am not loyal to one home improvement store over the other. Ha!
by Laurie Coulter with illustrations by Mary Newbigging
(6) The Bible has to be treated through and through intelligently, by applying to its understanding knowledge of the ways and ideas of those who had a hand in its composition in their various periods.
2 small (or 1 large) carrots, very thinly sliced with a knife or mandolin
I blame Amy for writing such an incredible book that it’s just too dangerous to read it anywhere near where others are actively participating in life.
posted by elle
I know it is not up to me to judge but I could not understand the thinking behind all of this.
Bake for 10/12 minutes. They will still feel quite soft, but keep in mind that they will firm up during the cooling time.
I wish you all a New Year filled with love and beauty and the realisation that there is always time for what we need to do in our wonderful lives. Can you remind me sometime?
And where is the outrage over the fact that she is incapable of paying a single bill but could spend thousands of dollars on cosmetic surgery?
The list continues. Revelation is filled to the limit with menorah references. There are even twenty-two chapters, which parallel the twenty-two almonds on the menorah, and the twenty-two Hebrew letters. The chapters in Revelation also equate to a Hebrew letter, sometimes making extremely obvious connections between the two. I’ll write more about this in the future.
I spent years with a 10-2 (how is that for awesome hours?) job while the kids were in school. My guide dog, Pantera, and I rode the bus to work with two transfers. It was pretty structured - take the 8:45 bus to get there by 10 (many books were listened to and friends made during those commuting days) 2:10 bus got me home by the time kids were home at 3:30 ready for all the after school activities/evening activities. I even cooked dinner regularly at that point! Wednesdays were my day off to volunteer at their schools, clean the house, etc, etc. Those were sweet, structured days.
For Lunch I decided to have some Tuna mixed up with Tomato and Cheese as a kind of salad to get in enough proteins for energy to tackle my Evening training program.
One thing I have been doing to keep focused on that young readership, is to read the book with my daughter. She’s eight and an avid reader. I hadn’t yet shared my book with her because when I started the novel years ago, she was much too young. But I knew when I sold my manuscript in 2010, she’d be ready for it when it came out. It’s been funny, though, how matter-of-fact she is about the whole thing. Since I’ve published several licensed-character picture books, she’s used to mommy presenting her with a brand new author copy. This one is very different, though, at least for me. For her, it’s just another book that her mother wrote. When I gave her the novel, right out of the box of author copies minutes after they came, I held my breath wondering what she would say. “I like the cover,” she said. I showed her my dedication, which is to her, her brother, and my husband. She nodded and smiled and then handed the book back to me to go play with her gerbils.
My first words should have been… look out, I’m here.
‘Altogether, taking a large view, it may have been above all what was human, all too human, in short, the wretchedness of the most recent philosophy itself that most thoroughly damaged respect for philosophy and opened the gates to the instinct of the rabble.’ N- asks us to consider that maybe the situation described above is happening more often ‘now’ because the philosophers that people are being mentored by…suck. ‘Let us confess how utterly our modern world lacks the whole type of a Heraclitus, Plato…they are all losers who have been brought back under the hegemony of science…and who now represent, in word and deed…the unbelief in the masterly task…of philosophy.’ This might be called the social or historical contingency argument for the assumption of scholarship and the decline of respect for philosophy; the people who were doing what we call ‘philosophy’ were weak minds, and therefore their students became to associate ‘philosophy’ with these ‘bad philosophers’ and ran for greener pastures, which they happened to find in science.
Do yourself 2 favors: when reflecting back on yourself over the last year and looking at your current life give yourself a break. You’re great, you’re beautiful. The other: look forward to the year with it’s fullest potential and set yourself SMART goals to reach that potential. Break those goals into half step goals. Then half of each of those goals. Break them down to the smallest micro goals as you need them to be to succeed.
Venom #15
Fox 13 reported that Lazu did not see the vehicle, which had its headlights turned off, and it struck the cruiser head-on.
I too had got used to my 'new' unlined face with much less prominent frown and bags under my eyes.
Could there be a disease process of which you are totally unaware going on right now? Sure. Arthritis is a disease process. I have patients that show me their hands and describe pain in their knuckles. I see enlarged joints from swelling. They are unaware they have arthritis. The same is true for the spinal joints. Pain is often the final notice that you have a problem.
Heres how Osama should have taken out England. Pay for as many tickets to England as possible for uneducated and impoverished, hopeless future-type 3rd world Muslims who are willing to shout about religion in the middle of the street or be rude and offensive to ‘underdressed’ Muslim women in England, pick random fights with unknown people, then get themselves locked up for a few years. Repeat when released before leaving – then before long a few million Muslims multiplied by 40+K a year (thats the cost of per prisoner yearly – how could that cost so much for a single cell and ‘gruel’, most poor 99% types survive on far less than 40+K a year . . . ) should put England under.
“What he didn’t know while he was taking all that time trying to show me he was superior to me was, I was trying to decide just how much help I was going to give him,” Sherrod says in the video, as the crowd laughs.
6. Immature - Björk, Brass & Me
I am currently staying at home as a mom for the next 9 weeks, but on October 6th, I go back to my regular job as a Senior Assistant to the VP of Marketing of a Pharmaceutical Company.. not what I went to school for but I LOVE my job.. I get paid very well as an assistant and my boss completely rocks.
2- Designer papers
"This is so undemocratic!! How can they ignore us like this?"
Striped white pants - Greg Demos
George Pasias, University of Athens, and Yannis Roussakis, National Education Research Centre, Greece: “Who marks the bench?” A critical review of the neo-European educational “paradigm”
The alarmed blasted Belinda out of a deep sleep. Mildly disoriented, she slapped around her nightstand for where her snooze button usually was. Reality had once again rushed into replace her vivid dream world. She opened her eyes to have the red, digital numbers from her alarm imprint on pupils. 6:45AM. Begrudgingly and with little red spots that resembled the number six-hundred and forty-five clouding her vision, she was finally able to drag herself out of bed with fifteen minutes to get to the school bus. Without even a thought of showering, her blue jeans and black tank top from the hamper was molded back on her body. She quickly ran a brush threw her hair, threw on her favorite tattered and worn leather jacket, grabbed her book bag and trotted down the stairs. She didn’t even bother at glimpsing in the direction of her mother as she walked out the door. As her mother heard the door close behind Belinda, she let out the small, disheartened sigh that she had been holding in. They hadn't exchange a single, friendly word in weeks.
While working with special needs children at hernew job, the widowed father of one of Darlene's students starts paying moreattention to her than is appropriate. Problem is, she feels like someone islistening to her for the first time in a long time. If Darlene ever needed God . . . it's now.
People don’t give a damn about criticism, they want a theoretical superstructure.
And so, that exciting spring day, when his actual personal history was beginning to morph into “The Obama Narrative”, quite unwittingly, “Obama” talked Truth.
Lohan is currently being sued by a Betty Ford Center worker. She is also being sued by a woman who claims the star struck her while driving.
The first main dream took place inside of an unknown small house or apartment or motel room with light-colored carpet, I think that it was a motel room since I remember it being one open room except for the bathroom & storage closest, and it was not very big other than being a bit longer than your average motel room.
The Mumps - Fatal Charm (1995). The Mumps were a CBGBs band from the late 70s who played some excellent power pop. This collection puts together everything they did between 1974 and 1980, and it's well worth hunting down.
A POST-IT Note stuck beneath the nose is an ideal way to foil lip-readers.
That's it. It's actually extremely simple, but looks great...and is one of a kind!! And they're great for gifts...especially for baby showers. (just sayin')
Your dewdrop skin waning
I always cast my main characters. I find it easier that way. I generally collect screenshots of the actor in scenes with a similar emotional tone to my story, and make a character file on my computer or often a 3-D collage. It’s my film thing—I’m extremely visual.
"Forget that," Mike said to Siri. "Where is my underwear?"
As a potential employer looks at how you are dressed, how you hold your head, how you walk in, what confidence you show, if you look at them directly in the eyes and do you speak with a firm tone (the interview has begun).
The weather this week has been drastically different to last weeks glorious sunshine. It has been cold, grey and miserable with strong winds and ground frosts, we even had some light snow and hail. I didn’t make it to the plot much this week, thankfully I’d had the foresight to cover my peas and other crops with some horticultural fleece on Monday, hopefully this will have protected them from the frost. My rhubarb was not lucky enough to escape the weather, It got battered in the wind and when we finally made it down to the plot today, two of my rhubarb plants had been damaged. Hopefully they’ll recover.
6. 2 Inch Party Decor
Brunch really is the perfect meal. You can have alcohol and pancakes all in one sitting. I mean, come on! Leanne got a Bellini and I got a Mimosa, champagne is so bubbly. With the drinks they brought out a bread basket with the best assortment of little popovers, corn muffins, and cinnamon streusel bread. I wish I had the recipe for all three! Leanne got the Spicy Scrambled Eggs with Apricot glazed ham and buttermilk biscuits and I got the Spicy chicken + sweet potato hash with poached eggs and a green chile hollandaise. Both of our meals were perfection. I swear if I didn’t have to look at or listen to and he wasn’t already married, I would snatch Bobby Flay up and make him be my personal live in chef for always. How it pains me to enjoy his food so much!
Are we feeling the same appreciation?
My prediction – As much as I love Rhodes these days I think the Big Show finally gets his WrestleMania moment on Sunday. I think he becomes a Grand Slam Champion and I think Cody Rhodes moves on to bigger and better things than the Intercontinental Championship.
Fill each cup about 1/2-2/3 way full. Bake at 325 degrees until cakes spring back to the touch (about 18-20 minutes).
EunYong : I think JAMBINAI's music has the power to make a space – call it natural space or inner space or a space of reality – I hope listeners feel the same way we do.
For caregivers, painful feelings — such as guilt, sadness and anger — are like any other pain. It’s your body’s way of saying, “Pay attention.” Just as the pain of a burned finger pulls your hand from the stove, so, too, guilt guides your actions and optimizes your health.
"The violence and protests that we have seen are unprecedented - and it is only going to get worse if the government does not give them what they want. I am anticipating a protracted strike which could go on a for a while," Healy said.
On our bookshelves, positioned between the bizarrely-titled Doctor, there's something wrong with my guts and the tantalising Tendinitis: its etiology and treatment are four volumes of The Household Physician, originally written in 1874 by Dr J McGregor-Robertson but updated in 1907.
The new process starts all over again on Monday, June 7, when the committee spends the week holding four public hearings in around Buffalo City Municipality. From there it will move to other parts of the province. “The process is aimed at giving residents who live in these areas a say, and we want to reach as many people as possible,” Mpumlwana said.
Me: Honey, it's made from a diaper. You have a diaper tied around your neck. Do you want to go out like that?
I don't have to tell you, but one of the keys to keeping "the great cobweb" under wraps is having its members adhere to a strict wrist covering policy. Which is why I found Genevieve's habit of rolling up the sleeves of her many blazers, and by "many" I mean two, to be somewhat perplexing.
My younger one was very thrilled about it.
Quote: “I am familiar with the works of Pablo Neruda.”
Well, I'm off to start moving my studio out of the house to the trailer! Wish me luck finding places for everything!
That i fear if I were without it,
Ink: Basic Black, markers, white gel pen
What do you think is the future for flash fiction?
I know this to be true, because the same thing happens every time I'm in hospital. I'll carry on having the same battles, the same tortuous process of elimination, the same miserable episodes We will continue to flush billions and billions of pounds down the drain until we :
In a symbolic blow to the labor movement, the school said it was giving up management of the George Meany Memorial Archives & Library. It will be up to the AFL-CIO to figure out what to do with it, said the school. And the National Workers Memorial, on the Silver Spring campus, will have to be moved.(full story at washingtonexaminer.com)
I believe the fish is a Steel-Head rather then a Salmon.
I've gone a little fabric crazy lately. I just can't seem to help myself, to be honest I could, it's called not going into a fabric store. But I swear the fabrics are calingl to me with their siren song. With the treasures I've found in the last few weeks can you really blame me?
integrity, n.…3. the quality or state of being of sound moral principle; uprightness, honesty and sincerity. (Webster’s)
Roman continues to love his crutches. He continues to do super well and walk a little bit farther everyday.
1 or 2 fish
is ringing hard in my heart recently.
So to start, the French culture really deserves to be called a culture and what is very important is that the French people …love it! They deeply feel that they have the privilege (and the good-heartiness) to offer to the world the best, the richest culture, guarantying among many others, high standards of living, equal rights and personal freedom, access to the world’s peak moments of artistic creation, literature and philosophy, a beautiful language, an excellent cuisine, etc. It is true that the French culture is very rich, as life in France is very pleasant as well and I wouldn’t say that the French are ignorant when they are so proud about their way of life. But, wanting to make a connection with tango inevitably I will critically refer to some points which affect the quality of the French tango, even though it is a country that I honestly love. So, just to start…
There are small rapids on each side of my property line, and the water that rushes over the rocks makes a gently gurgling sound. The quality of the water’s music changes with the amount of water in the creek. We had not had rain for 2-3 days, and so the water was at a low enough level that the rocks were just exposed. I listened to the music of the water for a few minutes, acclimating myself to the sound of the creek.
Below is a photo straight out of the camera.
p.s. A local movie theater manager recently asked my brother Devin if he would be interested in dressing up as Edward Cullen and entertaining the crowds when the new Twilight movie opens. I think this is the funniest thing that's ever happened, and now I really want to buy him this sweet Robert Pattinson tote.
As promised, here is the tutorial for the Lego block party bags (not that you couldn't figure it out without me).
I'm so glad that it's Friday! Today has been such a great day! I am working from home and Ross took the day off, so we're just being bums around the house together. We're both doing a little bit of work mixed with a lot of laziness! I decided that it would be a great idea to just stay in my PJs until it was time to take a shower to go to dinner tonight. Best day ever!
Would you contribute a bit of $$ to get Thing-a-day 2013 running?
Melt the chocolate in a double boiler and reserve. In a mixer bowl, add the softened butter and sugar. Beat until the mixture is pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, and beat until just combined. Fold in the cooled melted chocolate.
every branch.
Marty Klein’s honesty, candor and compassion will inspire well-deserved trust. His inquisitive intellect and imaginative, outside-the-box approach will give us fresh answers to nagging, unresolved problems. His boundless energy and persistence will bring new vitality to Town Hall and its employees.
Also, this is why you shouldn’t be thinking about your hourly wage if you want to be happy and enjoy anything in life. (I know I don’t, but that’s just damage control.)
Another crib story... she was supposed to be napping, but had been carrying on singing and wandering around her crib instead. Suddenly, she stated loudly, "big poo poo." Half a second later, she yelled it, "BIG POO POO!!!" Wanted to make sure I didn't miss it I guess.
That means that diseases such as dengue fever, yellow fever and malaria which infect tens of millions of people each year would be considerably reduced.
Once you have thawed dough, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. My oven runs REALLY hot, so I cooked them at 300 degrees. (It's an ancient oven, we rent, so no long term benefit for us to replace it.)
Can liberals and conservatives get along? The answer is no, it isn’t possible for us to get along. Conservatives reject reality, and how can you have a conversation with someone who rejects reality itself? It’s not possible.
But I can't even get the Lone Ranger
It was too much like the first book…
Some EBT cards also have a cash option included which is drawn from other benefits and linked to the card. This option allows withdrawals of funds just like if someone was using an ATM and is supposed to be used for those items where an electronic payment is not possible or allowed by the system. Paying for a flat tire to be repaired, a monthly buss pass, phone bill or rent to name a few. What the found receipt displayed here reveals is how easy it is to circumvent the EBT system and use it in ways it was not intended.
So what do you think of team handball? Thoughts? If you want to watch a few minutes live, check out this video, or any number of you tube videos.
"It's Complicated" 6
- Will Rogers
of clean white stones
We'll see the morning, we'll feel the sun
But be careful if you want to follow my example (do a backup before you use Master builds), I can’t tell whether we really have a general good quality in Master or whether I only was luck selecting the builds I tested.
I printed the template out on Crumb Cake card stock and then cut out the pieces. I embossed all of the pieces with the perfect dots EF using my Big Shot. I used the Tasteful Trim die for the scallop and rick rack around the base.
But Disney, dear, dear, Disney, you really phoned it in with Pocahontas. When I was little, my sisters and I used to re-enact scenes from the movie. Having an unusually low and raspy voice–the product of chronic asthma and throat inflammation–I played John Smith. Imagine my dismay when I learned, years later, that all the time I was strutting around like a strapping blonde adventurer I really looked like a squat ginger leprechaun. Was it any consolation to learn that John Smith was knighted for bravery (0r most times escaping from enemy capture and publishing books about it, or something, whatever) by a Transylvanian prince?
Argh moan mope.
Homebrew tip - Starters are rollin', and there's a start time of 11AM for tomorrow's double-brew-day.
I am smiling more often, and have decided to further improve myself by deliberately surrounding myself with more positive people that respect me and the line that I am walking.
1/4 cup white wine
So. Here I sit…happy that my life feels like it’s back on the right track…but hesitant that I may be proven wrong, yet again.
Chelsea at least opened the second half with vehemence of their own, although the sedate approach that had preceded it was mystifying. In truth, too much attention might have been paid to home advantage. Di Matteo sought to tip the balance with the introduction of Mata for Daniel Sturridge. His side at least began to hold a territorial domination, but Newcastle did not quake at a bolder approach from Chelsea that was inevitable. The visitors were still calm as Di Matteo’s men pushed forward with intent, even if guile was not immediately detectable.
Darrell Bock
Indian and Northern Affairs Canada
This week she asked me is there any secrets I have to ward off the major break out she was having. I did smile and think perhaps 6 chocolate cakes in a row may not have helped. I didn’t though. Instead I replied, ” Try washing your face with some salt and then apply a light honey mask and wear that for an hour and wash it off and moisturize as normal”.
JOHN ADAMS, letter to Thomas Jefferson, Nov. 13, 1815
That I can be completely random!! I seriously sometimes look at the things I blog about and think "what in the hell were you thinking??!" I'm actually surprised at how close people get through blogging.
