believeth on me should not abide in darkness” (John 12:46). He’ll lead you
7:55. Sat in front the largest of the three screens discussing what we should be expecting from the game.
I'm probably going to go the second route, because as much as I'd like to detail his ancestry, personal grooming habits, fondness for touching female employees in a familiar manner (not quite jumping the border into inappropriate) and complete lack of managerial skill, I do not want to be the chick that caused that scene at the stop-n-rob.
What further distinguishes them is that they are not gritty indie films made for an audience of disaffected adults – they are extravaganzas aimed at children.
I talk a lot here about moving on and letting go of the past…but, this blog is so tied up with my past that I wonder if I can truly move on if I continue with it. There are a few people from my past who still read my posts…I honestly, don’t mind that they do… But, I do know that since I am aware that they are reading, I probably do hold back a little…or I may even use this blog to send a message at times. I just don’t think that’s a healthy thing for me, or for them.
Disclaimer: I’ve never used another type of blogging software. This article is based solely on my experience with WP and not intended to take away from other brands, if you will.
And far from being a prisoner of conscience during his time as inmate 46664, Mandela was jailed for advocating the violent overthrow of the government. In his quarter of a century in prison, Mandela refused to publicly renounce terrorism as a weapon.
I enjoy doing something I have never done before…if only for the reason of being able to say…Yeah, I have done that. Hahaha
Even to this day, just thinking of thise movie and its various tender scenes causes me to tear up and I could just remember crying uncontrollably. If you think Bambi is sad, the scene when this cub loses his mom is heart wrenching not to mention the scene when he licks the big bears wounds after the behemoth defends his Boo-boo pal. Great movie, but I just can't handle cute animals having a hard time.
see, that's freedom
We are proud of our teachings, and our heritage. They have been passed to us by our ancestors, and represent thousands of years of our individual histories. Your patience and understanding of our traditions and cultures is appreciated.
Time changes people...that is the ever so true. But in my time away I remembered my blog is part of me and I had to pick it up again. I have to remember to do things I want and find my "me" time again. Find me again. I'm back and I need this blog I think to keep my sanity going. It was running a lil thin...to be honest. New day tho...new start...new attitude. =)
A view of the tiki bar. This is where I ate breakfast and lunch and changed stations on the radio as my mood changed from classic rock (morning) to country (afternoon) to jazz (evening).
Nine years after her first child she could finally afford to have another baby. I was born under difficult circumstances. A complicated case of Placenta Previa put our life in danger with nil chances of survival especially for me. As they say destiny is nothing but the strength of your desires we both lived and there in my mother’s arms we reassured our bond that would last a life time.
At first glance, you see this kitchen and think, Whoa! Chic! The Moroccan rugs, fancy stools, chandelier and counter top styling all say look at me!! But again, this is a fairly standard kitchen with some upgrades.
Happy Living…
In 2011, smartphone shipment in India reached a whopping 11.2 million showing an 87 percent year on year growth in the mobile segment. Leading the pack was Nokia with 38 percent share closely followed by Samsung, who captured 28 percent market share.
You’re in Nam son; no-one (not even Facebook) is coming to save you:
In economics terms, the inflow of silver through trade enabled people to use it as currency. The government neglected to manufacture more copper coins and gradually lost control of the prevalent currency. This also contributed to Ming’s break-down.
(All written in a “first rate” manner).
Those I spend most of my time in these days are just doctors' waiting rooms where I am waiting to make a scheduled visit every few months. So many of them! This kind of wait can be boring, or can be fun. I never know who will be there ahead of me or how long a time I will be there. I really enjoy some of them. Great conversations sometimes with strangers.
There is no democratic government in the UK and the will of the people has been usurped by foreign interests whose sole intent is to radicalize the country so that it becomes subservient to the will of a foreign power i.e. the European Union of socialist states. Democracy cannot exist when the will of the people is ignored and when the elected government embraces foreign laws to the detriment of the majority of the electorate. Politicians supposedly looking after the interests of the British taxpayer are too busy reaping the rewards of being in office and as a result very few have the interest of the average Briton at heart.
Lately I have found myself quite regularly wondering this very concept. How did I get to where I am? Was this an accident? Is this where I'm meant to be? How does one know the answer to these questions?
Because it is, for want of a better phrase, allowing the piper to call the tune.
To keep things simple when I'm on a cleaning rampage, I like to carry around a cleaning caddy. To find out how to set one up......check out the monthly tip in Kern County Family HERE
Hope you enjoy the pics!!! :)
Scholastic have not taken any further titles in the series since that book (2004) and the books are not routinely imported either, so I think they are pretty hard to purchase in stores in the U.S.
The inner panel is a piece of Whisper White card stock that was embossed using the Framed Tulips Embossing Folder. I used the new P.S. I Love You stamp set for the both sentiments.
Even though i lost my everlasting life, the reason to my happiness
251. Joel's love of writing this year.
Helpful Links:
I just heart when you all think outside the "box", and come up with new ways to use typical everyday items. It's so incredible the organization that can happen, just by finding the perfect object and saying "I am not going to use you for shoes, oh no, I am going to use you to fix my hat and mitten problem!" And that is definitely what Shannon did when figuring out how to tackle some closet chaos she had going on.
I don't think it's a big secret that I've been dreading this dish. When I first started this project, I had no idea I'd even make it this far, and now that I've survived deveining foie gras and cutting the faces off soft-shell crabs, and eaten an oyster without passing out in a pool of my own vomit, this dish was inevitable. I've been putting it off long enough. Time to face one of my biggest culinary fears head on ("apply directly to the forehead") and just do it. What's the worst that could happen?
Big ol' belly
If I permit myself to make these comments, it's because I used to live in Wisconsin. I can't really imagine weather more detestably cold or hot than in that state. We have it *great* over here in Paris. That is all.
Bass: Preacher
The phrase is well known, an old woman’s tale so to speak well I definitely have to agree that this is me at the moment.
My most recent situation has urged me to carve out the time to post my work so that a) others can benefit, and b) I can remember what I did.
The bullies got the best of me and when I hear that my daughter is already hearing mean things it really upsets me. I told Alexis that she is beautiful and to not get upset by what other people say. She said she really didn't care about it, shrugged her shoulders and quickly moved on. Nothing was said again. Fast forward one month to the day I volunteered in her class. Alexis was so excited and of course so was I. She is only at school 3 days a week and home schooled the other 2 but those 3 days she is gone seem to last forever. Her group came to the floor where I was sitting waiting to start their assignment. Alexis and I giggled out of excitement and Billy said, "Why are you always so happy when your mom is here?" I said it's because we love each other and we love to spend time together. He said he preferred being alone and not with his parents. I started to see a little insight into this boys life. Then he asked why Alexis had a shiny head and I had a bumpy head. Confused I just shrugged it off and tried to get the group to focus. He wasn't ready to let this go. "Why do you have bumps on your face" he asked while pointing to my 'blemishes'. "You know, those pimples." Ok buddy! You are not taking me down! I did my best to keep my middle school feelings deep down and speak to him like the grown up that I am. Um, Billy... that is very rude to say to someone. That makes me sad and it hurt my feelings. You shouldn't point things out to people, ok? I know, the fact that I have such bad acne is an issue but that is not the point right now! (At the age of 4, it would be acceptable for a child to point out but not at 7) Well, about 15 minutes before I was going to leave, Alexis got a tummy ache. The same one that she has been getting for weeks now. It hurts really bad, she cries, goes to the bathroom and is ok. She continued to cry the rest of the time saying she didn't want me to leave and she hated school. I left, got in my car, called my husband and cried just as hard as she did. What if these tummy aches are more than just nerves. What if she has some GI issues going on and I'm just brushing it off to emotions? It turned out that Billy later called her and some of her friends some pretty mean names. He made fun of her for crying at school. (glad he didn't see me crying) Luckily, she has a fantastic teacher and the situation was addressed immediately. Alexis didn't even tell me that he said mean things, one of the other moms did. I was telling my husband about it and I told him I was so confused why Alexis didn't say anything to me and his response was, "Welcome to parenthood... you'll be the last to know everything." Seriously? Already?
May the road rise up to meet you.
KCRR 97.7 streams a WAR OF STARS
“I call upon these shop owners… Just for a profit… They do it for money… People who want to buy will come without all this. Why do you pretend to celebrate a religion that is not yours, when they are preventing us from performing our rites? They prevent us from building a beautiful minaret, which is considered a beautiful piece of architecture, regardless of the religious aspect.
The Subtitle of the Blog is, "Life as a Catholic and Writer," I intend to add more of the "Life" into the blog, as well as my thoughts on literature, poetic theory, the catholic literary world, and the Catholic world in general. Please tell your friends about this blog. I am desperately trying to make my way as a writer, and owning a semi popular blog would be a very nice step toward being noticed by the right people.
And not even to harp on that issue, but We are the Night is made by Germans! Why not take a risk and dare us to identify with a genuine human-killing vampire, i.e. one who truly is the night and isn't just kibbitizng? Do you think humanity itself will cease to exist if we get to see a happy lesbian vampire couple for a change? You parachute this glum boy cop in there like the film needs him. We don't need anymore hunk c***blockers --sent in like heterosexuality's overcrowded real estate agent to dull the works.
On the whole, I give Kingdom Rush a 7/10 for Internet flash games overall and a 9/10 for the tower defense genre.
Want a box of Hostess HO’s HO’s?
For those of you who are unfamiliar:
A hot knife with serrated edges.
In the outdoors, as in most areas of life, there's a balance. I don't want to wear tweed and plus-fours, but neither do I want to be one of those prats who've 'all the gear but no idea'. A little fashion is fine, but function is more important. The same goes for equipment - a map, a rucksack and a good picnic; that's enough on most days. Because most important of all, it is the getting out there in the first place .
The color is absolutely gorgeous - a very pale grey-white with just a hint of yellow.
I have been reading a lot lately about making and baking with organic food colorings. In my reading, I have learned that there are some fairly simple methods of making your own food dyes. I would love to get some feedback from my kustomers and Facebook likers. Would you be interested in purchasing a kake that contains hand-made, organic food dyes rather than synthetic colorings?
The US intelligence believes that the Indian Army is preparing for a “limited conflict” with China in the light of growing concerns over Beijing’s strident postures along the disputed border and in the Indian Ocean and Asia-Pacific region.
R-Point
***Authors have full discretion to choose an alternate winner in the event any winner fails to claim their prize(s) within 72 hours of their name being posted or after notification of win, whichever comes first. Anyone who participates in this tour is subject to these rules***
As a God. That would give
But we did go to my parents' house yesterday for dinner. I figured my son could be feverish at home or at Grandma and Grandpa's. But he was actually doing better--played outside for a while with his sister. There's just something about going to visit my parents and having someone to take care of me for once. My mom cooks dinner and won't ever let me bring anything. She cleans and rarely lets me help....I do clear the table though and that's about all she lets me do. When the kids need something, she jumps up to do it. Though me and my husband try to get to them first...I feel bad...our kids are our responsibility. But i d think she enjoys it. Overall, it's just a nice relaxing afternoon.
It's spit rain and misted a lot, and there have been some interesting gusts of wind, but listening to the forecasts and forecasts and forecasts is really just stressing out the kids and making them punchy.
19 - To Know Her Is To Love Her
Ekeli is a researcher at the University of Stavanger (UiS). He believes that incitement to commit terrorism should be allowed in a stable democracy like Norway. Such statements should only be banned if there is an imminent threat of terrorism, he tells the campus newspaper, Univers.
Christmas is fast approaching!! Choose from a variety of themes to make is extra fun. Lots of ideas in this post to decorate your home this holiday in beautiful theme colors. Pick a color that describes your family's personality and style. You are sure to enjoy designing, displaying and showing your creativity!! Have an amazing Christmas this year :o)
What Arturo can’t do is forget about her—any more than Quinn can control her own feelings for him. Neither one can let desire get in the way of their mission—his to save his people, hers to save herself.
That's when the customer walked out of the restaurant and toward the drive-through window, punching through it.
The movie is based on true events. Obviously, the ending has to be accurate to those events. However, the ending is the only thing I would want to change about the movie.
When you leave this office, don’t think about everything you have to do to get out of the building, just deal with getting out of the room. When you reach the hall, just deal with the hall, and so forth. Baby steps. – Dr. Marvin; What about Bob?
So the farmer's wife this week is from Ingham County, Michigan. I think this is one of my favorite letters in quite some time. She has three daughters, and she definitely wants them each to marry a farmer.
Shu Uemura Lash Curler: All you need to do is read the reviews for this. It is almost everyone's favourite. It creates soft and natural curves to the lashes -- but not crimped. It's pricey, but it's not something you need to repurchase often, so it's worth it.
Her first major issue is her obsession with all things plastic. In fact, she likes to eat plastic and we have to make sure no grocery bags, newpaper sleeves, or ziploc bags are left unattended. She has even consummed an entire Wal-Mart bag and then thrown it back up over the course of a couple days. Even plastic drop cloths aren't safe from her, because she likes to crawl underneath them. Maybe this is where the oxygen deprivation began.
Yes, it has been a month since I was in Maui (a month?!), where did the time go! Couple a busy schedule with a computer chugging along on 3GBs hard disk space (I know, I know…don’t judge, I’ve totally been procrastinating dealing with this!) has made for some painfully slow photo editing and blogging. I’m not for making excuses, but this is why things have been less than exciting around here.
Because of his social position the boy was educated by the greatest scholars of his day. For several years between the ages of eight and twelve he remained under the tutelage of one of the most respected Greek scholars in the nation, who held the chair at Cambridge University in Civil Law and wrote the book that most strongly influenced government officials in determining policy. From age twelve to thirteen or fourteen he was tutored by one of the greatest antiquarians of the time, an Anglican prelate whose name can be found penned on the back of the oldest literary document claimed by England, perhaps the most famous document in our literary heritage, that of the Old English epic, Beowulf, together with the date "1562, " a year when it is known that the boy was with him.
Obesity is another thing but just let kids have their fun, dont ruin their self-esteem.
And wish you could stay forever
UPC Code: 043396393035
Weeks later, when I opened my final bottle at home, I wrote, 'When you drink Bathams, it just make you feel NICE.'
V: By the way, who did you vote for and do you go to church?
One hesitates to say this, especially when one is mindful of Raymond Greenaway back at their home morosely watching the news. But still, he is not likely to find out and what the eye does not see, etc. Mr Plummer, then, has his hand up Delia's skirt. Up the back of that short skirt and it is fondling Delia's bottom which is clad — more accurately partially clad — in a vestigal pair of cobwebby white knickers. (These knickers are part of Mr Plummer's special outfit too.) The hand is fondling Delia's partially bare bottom and she is not struggling to get away; she is standing there accepting it.
What could be as simple as your own initials? Although it does not have any particular meaning, except that it represents your identity, it can be a nice and simple tattoo. It can also be a starting point for something more, if you do not like having tattoos with no meaning. Luis Cotto thought the same thing when he was getting his tattoo in his freshman year of college, at Skin Deep In Ink, Frederick Md.
Available in most farmer’s markets this time of year, the fava bean is a bitter, crunchy vegetable that, when eaten raw from the shell and paired with a great Pecorino cheese, describes the very flavor of spring.
3. Winners will be picked via Random.org. You are agreeing to have the name in your comment post published on this blog, as well as on the blogs and Facebook walls of any member of the giveaway team.
Futures arise from national destinies. In the post-destiny world, there is no future and no past, only a slow decline and decay into a nothingness without shape, substance or form. A nation unmoored from its past has nowhere to go. It cannot make anything new, because there are no new things. Its horizons are limited to its geometry, it experiments with shapes and colors, it digs through the trash of earlier eras for things it can use, reviving trends, dumpster diving through history while feeling that other eras were more exciting and more interesting than this.
spoil the line traversed…
The format of the book is a series of blog entries by Circe about her life, friends and quest to make a boy fall in love with her. Along the way she gains a blog reader who comments on her posts to give her much needed advice. She also has her two best friends Tash and Ben to rely on, although much of the time they're busy snogging each other, leaving Circe stuck in the middle.
In an interview with a local tabloid on the Sun Xu saga, Mr Baey tried to obfuscate Sun’s infamous remark on the ‘dogs’ to suggest that he might mean something else:
Also I want to take a moment and thank every single Design Team that I've been blessed to work with over the past 2 years. From Marti at Pez-A-Doodle, who took that first gamble on me, to Rachel with Tattered Angels,my newest design team, and everyone in between. I am beyond grateful to share my passion with you and I adore each and every one of you who've taken the leap of faith and asked me to be a part of your dreams!!!
Maybe you have an Uncle Ed story that needs a few additional details—real or imagined. Or perhaps you know a rather curious “something” that begs to be retold in a humorous way. That’s where the magic is—in the imagination. In the dream of what could have happened, what might still happen . . . and the delight of bringing the fantasy to life through the weaving of your very own story.
Pete Competiello
One could use many adjectives to describe this outlook. “Rational” is not one of them. “Contextual” is not one of them. “American” is not one of them. Given the likelihood, in this day and age of video cameras in every phone, that AFL-CIO protesters destroyed your property in plain view while uniformed police officers stood by and watched, I’m pretty sure “factual” isn’t even one of them.
If you’ve read my blog series on “Real Faith”, you know that you can’t have faith unless you trust God.
You are the “Brand”
THE SHABBY TEA ROOM WINNER - Week #4:
I chose to scrapbook about my darling Buffy whom i still miss a lot even if she's been gone for almost 5 years. This special doggy has meant so much to me and, as cheesy as it may sound, she had been my most loyal friend for 9 years before i had to say goodbye to her. To this day, i still sometimes see and hug her in my dreams and those dreams are always the sweetest. I know that i will have more pets throughout my life, but Buffy will always hold a very special place in my heart.
As an active participant in the Student Veterans Association, Burris helped fellow veterans make the challenging transition from military life to student life.
The only real reason why I’ve mentioned Dr Verwoerd in this posting, is to emphasize how long the Masters of Darkness have been controlling world affairs behind the scenes.
It seemed a little out of touch, until I noticed at the bottom of the page that Mr. Simpson is a "former U.S. ambassador". Ah! That explains that.
Where did you find it?
Until then and forever,
Suswan administration.
to cry
The fourth installment went for less kid-like drawings. Note, too, that the typos are soft-pedaled. Mis-spellings and malapropisms still enliven the text, but the X'ed out words, keyboard blunders, and other more childlike touches are gone.
"I have told you I do not agree with you or your damn CDC on how colds are spread!
1. I have a SUPER family. My daughter is in college…YIKES! I have a son in Jr. High and one in Elementary School. They keep me pretty busy and the older 2 have given me MANY gray hairs! But….I wouldn’t change a thing.
I'm sure I should probably be able to answer this really easily but it's kinda hard.
a share of £2,000 prize money,
ü Bar: 10 kg/cm2 Our air source needed is only 3 kg/cm2
To make a 5x 7 tri- shutter card, I started with a sheet of 12 x18 cardstock, and then I cut it down to 7x 15 inches. I love the size and boldness of this card, especially for little boys.
17But he was not without witness, because he did good, and gave you rain from heaven and times of fruit, making your hearts full of food and joy.
Your handwriting is perfectly fine. The beauty of handwriting is that it is all you, it is not meant to be perfect, straight and planned, it is fluid, wobbly, personal and flows out on the page.
On the paper on the back of the coat cabinet, we were to draw a mural of Holland: tulips, windmills, Dutch children in blonde braids and clogs, anything we could think of. I was seated on the floor, with my back to the rest of my classmates, working on the mural, while Sybil was reading, "The Leak in the Dike". My partners in crime, Jimmy and Mark (not the teacher's pet; a different Mark), were making me laugh, because they whispered to me that the little boy was sticking his finger on his private body part to keep himself from peeing. This (according to Jimmy and Mark) was the leak he was trying to prevent.
For this deal,
You'd think shale was a curse not a boon. The government seems to wish it had never heard of shale. It won't go away. It will be prospected in countries like India, China, Argentina and Australia. So their people will get richer, they will be able to produce goods more cheaply, and competitors who don't have shale resources or don't exploit them will suffer economically.
Ensure your iPhone, iPad, or ipod Touch is not plugged in via USB and that iTunes is not running.
Yeah, sometimes I feel kind of gross for letting these hands of mine touch such germy areas. However, I figure as long as there is soap and water, I can wash my hands and keep moving.
Occupy Toronto took over Simcoe Park, across from the Metro Toronto Convention Centre, where Barrick was holding a meeting of shareholders Wednesday.
Afrikaners tortured, killed by SAPS
There’s at least six subscription music services now in the U.S., with more on the way. I’ve picked four to review. I’ve been a subscriber to Rhapsody for years, but I’ve joined MOG, Napster and Rdio to make comparisons for this review, and to consider which service I want to go with in the future. All these services offer free trials, but the subscription rates are so cheap it doesn’t hurt to try them out for a month or two.
Have you ever had a good customer service experience with a company? Do tell!
This is an engaging young adult romance starring a teen drama queen and the two hunks in her life. Once Rashad forms the triangle, the fun begins and never slows down until the final beach scene. Readers will enjoy Cool Like That as Gia’s soundtrack in her head includes Chrisette Michele, Beyonce, Ledisi and Mraiah Carey, etc, but should also have her singing ancient history’s Did You Ever Have to Make Up Your Mind? (Lovin’ Spoonful)
Remember that announcement of an HD port of Jet Set Radio posted some time ago. I’m not saying it’s dead, but after reading this you might be a bit concerned. Citing financial difficulties in the last fiscal year (which ended last Saturday), Sega has layoff many workers from both its U.S. and European branches and downsizing the company to maintain “sustainable profitability.” In light of this, Sega also mentioned that for these markets, they’ll now focus more on games that are sure-fire his for them including Sonic, Total War, Aliens, and Football Manager. This puts other projects in danger of cancellation or being left to fend for themselves, which include Virtua Fighter 5: Final Showdown, Anarchy Reigns, Yakuza 5, and the aforementioned Jet Set Radio HD port. While Sega did mention that they have cancelled games, all of them so far are unspecified (i.e. never shown to the public). But still, this puts much concern on which projects Sega will give us now as they too are yet another victim of believing Westerners like their guns and football (save for Sonic). And the sad thing about all this: What they believe is right.
Flybarre had great music, a great instructor, and a fantastic challenge and I liked it so much that I might even consider giving spinning another try at Flywheel.
So if you're facing a tough draft or a hard revision? Don’t. Give. Up.
No sin too Big and No sin too Small that the Blood of Jesus Christ cannot Wash away. The Bible said, “There is no one righteous, not even one”. We all need Jesus Christ who is our righteousness, by believing in the Son of God Jesus Christ. So, let us get cleansed by the blood of Jesus Christ and be reconciled with God by believing in Jesus Christ who died for each and every person on the face of the earth.
Anyway earlier at the Summer Fayre, between Declan and myself we had 7 tries on the tombola, he won a jar of pasta sauce, and I won a bottle of vinegar, bottle of Isla Nigra red wine, jar of chili sauce, jar of mixed fruit jam, a bottle of white wine (thus given to dad for father’s day next week).
Some people just hate the thought of a traditional cardio workout and yoga allows you to go slow and move at your own pace. If you are interested in learning more about the history of yoga, there are many resources on the internet that can help you learn how to practice a much older form of yoga. You may find that there are many things that you can learn about yoga and maybe even incorporate these new findings into your daily life.
Carrot, 1 pc, cut into strips
This particular 7" release came about in the late 1960s I would guess, possibly the year after the team's first state championship in 1965. The Permian band leads a spirited PHS crowd through the School Fight song and then whips back around for a take on "Hawaii Five-O". Has any school band NOT beat this horse to death?
Glibido:
- JP
All of us get way too comfortable in our daily routines. We hang out with the same people, frequent the same places and even stay stuck in the same jobs for years on end. Step out of your comfort zone, pick a night and head out to the city on your own. Hit up some bars and nightclubs and you’ll be forced to talk to people, because you’ll look like a creeper weirdo if you just stand in the corner by yourself. You’ll be surprised how much fun it can be!
She said it was her friend’s.
Now the XLSX parsing logic was completed, how in the world could it be incorporated into Pega’s inline code? The answer is the wonderful inner class permitted in the Java environment. At any point in an inline run of code, a developer can create a new class and then use it in the subsequent code. There are some rules to this, of course, but it is not difficult to live up to the expectations.
I think because the Bacon was from the market it wasn’t as salty as regular store bought Bacon so it had a bit sweeter flavor than I anticipated. The addition of cheese and salt and pepper definitely added the bit of bump for my taste buds. I doubled the recipe as I know my son has a hollow leg. But we still have plenty of left overs.
Furthermore the term Afrikaner originally referred to those colonial Cape Dutch people who often worked against Boer interests & as such these two terms in fact refer to two different & distinct peoples. One poster on a forum once said that the Cape based Afrikaners -ie: the former Cape Dutch- are nothing more than Afrikaans speaking English people. Rather poignant observation since the Cape based Afrikaners have virtually the same cosmopolitan neo colonial liberal outlook as most of the English speakers have which is in sharp contrast to the more rustic / rural / anti colonial & conservative outlook of the Boers.
Thank you again all
Note to self: don’t ever have a poor man’s version of anything wearing a 1986 World Championship ring. Ever. Especially when you finished with a losing record the year before. Kthxbye.
I was not lying when I said I would not do anything but craft all day. I was able to finish 2 more layouts. The first one is a scrap lift. I saw the layout at the store and loved it. I bought the papers that went with it and did my own take with the embellishments. I wish I would have kept the picture of the original layout, but I trashed it as soon as I finished mine.
‘Do not think that I came to destroy the Law or the Prophets. I did not come to destroy but to fulfill.’
It’s time for all of us to be brave in admitting what the moral truth is about artificial contraception. It’s not a time to by shy, retiring, and politically correct. Sometimes people come up to me and say, “in my parish it’s not permitted to talk about that.” How sad. Where is the sign of the brave shepherd?
So I went to the park to ask questions and seek answers I had shelved five years ago when I was first confronted with the issue of euthanization with my dog, Malcolm.
"And so that's what they did and they fueled up and took off the next morning," said Punky. "They flew to Palm Springs, California and then bought gas. But he didn't have the money for gas there either so he wrote a bad check for it and covered it when he got home."
I thought about this while I was reading Romans 5 this week. And yes I do know how odd my brain is! That's a topic you will need to take up with Jesus. Anyway, Paul writes that through Jesus "we have gained access into this grace in which we now stand." How I praise God that the throne room is handicapped accessible! Indeed my sin, my stubbornness and brokenness were/are more than a handicap! They were totally debilitating and cut me off from God's amazing grace.!
Now, sometimes instead of trying to give something up, we’re trying to push ourselves to embrace something. Go to the gym, eat vegetables, work on a disagreeable project.
This one is my favorite. Wertham claimed that there were dirty images hidden in these comic panels. Here, he shows the detail of a man's shoulder which also resemble a woman's pubic area. Hmmmmm....
Survival with nothing but my knowledge and personal strength to live by. A different world filled only by what I created. A place where money had no place and where I worked and the clothes I wear said nothing about me and what I have accomplished or not accomplished thus far in my little life.
Washington, DC 2050
I never thought that my husband would ever have an (gulp…) affair. Jesse had made some mistakes in the past, but all that was behind us. Jesse also dealt with a lot of demons and watched his father be unfaithful to his mom several times. He was so angry with him, even denouncing his father and what he had done. Jesse saw how it tore down his mother; he saw the heart break it brought to his family. But even all that did not stop the devil from planting one selfish idea and for Jesse to selfishly carry it out.
So Puck enters this race, and she's mocked and treated a joke. It's a man's race. I love the fact that Puck doesn't really care about that. She's doing what she has to do, because she needs to win. I admire that she knows that people are going to think what they're going think and she doesn't need their blessing to prove to the men that a girl can win the Scorpio race.
In these last four years, I've gotten to know him inside and out. He's a positive, fun-loving, overgrown kid that is humored easily and just wants life to be enjoyable. His top priority is his family, and he lives and dies by his sports teams. He's a jack of all trades and can talk to anyone that will listen.
- His sweet kisses on my forehead
they expand my sense of humour,
CLOP FROM POP
#iamverytirednow
A chocolate bar's tinfoil
Alice ends up accepting her place in the prophecy, mostly because she feels bad for Hatter, I think, and she kills Christopher Lee in Jabberwocky form by beheading the big dragon thing. She actually cheezes out a “Off with your head!” before delivering the final blow, meaning maybe Tim Burton has a soft spot for those awful Joel Schumaker Batman films that came after his Michael Keaton movies.
I took this in my back garden. I set the shutter speed really slow, to allow the maximum amount of light in; which is why the candles are blurry, since the flames moved during the snapping of the photo. I actually think my favorite part of the picture is the shadows of the leaves in the background.
1 cup quick cooking Barley
Inge looked at her son and wondered what she and Robert would create.
Our love, like the sun, will keep us together.
Aminosuccinate Acid – See Aspartic Acid.
This summer, Turkish Airlines plans to bolster its already robust schedule from New York by offering three daily nonstop flights to the thriving city of Istanbul – the most of any airline serving the market. Turkish also offers daily nonstop service between Istanbul and the U.S. capital. The carrier’s transatlantic flights are operated in the comfort of its Boeing 777 and Airbus A330 fleet, offering travellers three classes of service, premium meal options, internet connectivity, and a wide array of personal in-flight entertainment choices.
All you need to do to enter is leave us a comment on this post. I will select one person at random to receive a fun Sizzix prize pack that includes a Karen Burniston Zig Zag 3D Pop Up Die along with a few other fun Sizzix goodies! You have until midnight (pst) Sunday April 15th to leave a comment!
Yet there with my soul I fed, I fed content, supercilious.
ME: You're right, that's unacceptable.
*Don't get me wrong, if I did surrogate for her I probably would write about my experiences, because that's what I do. I meant that that wouldn't be the reason I would agree to do it. Just wanted to clear that up in case I'm ever on Oprah and this post comes back to slap me in the face.
With regard to Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd, based in South Korea, the court has, however, limited the ban to the German territory. The European-wide ban was lifted.
Look at me go . . . . .finding the time to participate in CHALLENGES. This card is for the Touch Twin Challenge, TTC09, and the theme is WINTER. It's kind of refreshing to create something that's for WINTER, but not a winter holiday! :) (Because I am sooo over Christmas cards at this point!)
1 um
Instead, the number of new subscriptions that came rolling in over the holidays made us feel overwhelmingly flattered and just darn proud of how loyal and great Green Apple customers are. The biggest indicator of this is the reach our little subscription service already has -- whether you're subscribing because you've moved away from San Francisco and miss our dusty index cards or trust us to recommend the perfect new fiction book for your best friend/grandma/pen pal who's never even been to Green Apple, that's pretty cool.
Till we have built Jerusalem
And then there was a big bag of pressed glass beads too. I'm going to sort them soon so I can get a good overview of what's in that pile. Lots of shapes and colours, including some I hadn't seen before. Yum!
It doesn’t matter what political candidates say before the election, it’s what the leader of their party says after they have
Both J.W. and Tommy are under the weather.
Me: Vraiment? (Really?)
4. Updating Council Tax Values to undo cuts to local services
This is about making peace with yourself, and only you yourself can decide on this.
Which brings us to the Scheduling stuff. I cannot decide whether you guys are attempting to troll us, or you’re just that blind to what you’re doing. Since most of the project works (or did at one time), I have to assume we’re getting trolled.
In Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, the prince had no actual name.
Have you ever waxed? Did it hurt? Was it a good or bad experience? Do you recommend it for a first timer for her honeymoon?
to make them act rationally
Thank You, God, for giving me the morning back.
Get out and enjoy what is left of spring -- better start thinking about my summer list :)
“He needs no one, but when faith is present He works through anyone.”
*Acknowledgement to the fable “Henny Penny.”
Writing is painful for me. I have a hard time getting the words to say what I mean; they always seem to come up short. That first night I spent four hours writing; the next morning I chucked it all in the trash. I know I’m not supposed to do it that way. All the books on writing say that it is important to get the book out of one’s head and onto paper or into the computer before doing any editing, but I need to know where I am coming from and where I am going. For me, a good or at least an adequate beginning is necessary. So last night I rewrote the beginning. Not great, but it will do for now.
At dawn he appeared again in the temple courts, where all the people gathered around him, and he sat down to teach them. The teachers of the law and the Pharisees brought in a woman caught in adultery. They made her stand before the group and said to Jesus, “Teacher, this woman was caught in the act of adultery. In the Law Moses commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say?”
DWM celebrates 1978/9's Key to Time season - six linked adventures which introduced the Time Lady Romana and featured Douglas Adams' first script for Doctor Who - as Countdown to 50! continues.
I was nineteen when we moved in a month after getting married, and it was the first house I ever owned. In the nine years we lived there, I learnt to cook and clean, knit and sew; I worked out what it meant to be a wife and a mother.
“We’re very, very (yes, very) pleased and proud to sign this deal with Nuclear Blast worldwide. We’ve already worked with Nuclear Blast US through our two latest albums; and our personal friendships with NB guys and gals on both sides of the Atlantic are even older. There’s no drama – we take great pride in the fact that there seldom is with us – it is simply a matter of one contract ending, and us going for what seems to be our best option at this point in time and space. This time the best choice for Enslaved is changing things up somewhat. We’re excited to see what the mixture of passion and professionalism at Nuclear Blast can do with the Enslaved name in the years to come. There is no doubt that the level of ambition, the experience and seriousness about what we do, form perfect common ground for Enslaved and Nuclear Blast. We’re in the process of making a new album that will initiate our new partnership, watch out for the approaching wave of news about that. For now, let’s just say that the album will be an absolute (Nuclear) blast!”
There are so many ways to pray for and with creation, to listen within and include the earth in our spiritual practice. Watching the simple wonder of a dawn can be a prayer in itself. Or when we hear the chorus of birds in the morning we may sense that deeper joy of life and awake to its divine nature. At night the stars can remind us of what is infinite and eternal within us and within the world. Whatever way we are drawn to wonder or pray, what matters is always the attitude we bring to this intimate exchange, whether our prayers are heartfelt rather than just a mental repetition.
This elite opened the Pandora’s Box, which still produces a nebulous approach to political and historical problems.
I have a great love of the period of Mystagogy. This feels like the ‘easiest’ period of the RCIA because it is as though the catechesis is an overflow of the joy from the Easter Vigil. It is like we’re riding a big wave from the mysteries of the Triduum. Last night, we had a lovely supper for all the neophytes: it was full of joy and laughter as we remembered together all the events – joyful, difficult, moving, humorous and otherwise – of the Easter mysteries. What an undeserved privilege to journey with these wonderful women.
I’m pretty tired, so I’ll say good night for now.
Upper right: grapes/strawberries; sandwiches; carrots; pickle.
Pastor Steve Mays started out with a teaching in Revelation 3 mixed in with the suffering of Job. Often we want the glory but not the cross; surmising we can have one without the other.
The whole country witnessed the hate filled scum that gate crashed the soldiers homecoming! Two of there regiment died in iraq and they should of met a heroes welcome when returning to there home town.
Obama’s disdain and contempt for just about everyone except Muslims is astonishing. He has insulted just about every element of American society and many world leaders. In ways large and small this has been a constant element of his presidency. After gratuitously insulting doctors, bankers, and the insurance industry, he pushed hard to provide the planner of 9/11 a civil trial without all the protections afforded by the Constitution—in New York City.
3) Please leave me a comment and I will use Random.com to pick a winner on the 4th June.
In 1997 I met Daniel, my now partner and soon to be husband. Together we have raised our kids, nurtured our careers and created a very gentle and loving life together.
Soon, however, those jobs were complete and it proved tough to get much more work. Around the time I finished nursing school in December of 2009, our savings ran out. And, to add to that, I was unable to find a job. The nursing field was hit by the recession, as well. The answer I got from everyone was "we just don't have the money to train a new nurse right now." Even more, in January, we found out we were expecting another little one.
The other day I was about to make up the bed when I told the doggies to get off the bed. I noticed that Milo went inside Bella’s kennel, then after he went in there Tessie followed and then shortly after that Bella went in to join Milo and Tessie.
The second decorative element is the recessed door. This type of doors or windows is known in the architecture of temples, palaces and royal graves in the ancient Near East. This was a typical symbol of divinity and royalty at the time.
Shallow pockets at sides
ur a vicious bitch
Well hello everyone! Another week, another challenge. What a great week this has beeen, such great creative submissions! ﻿I hope everyone also had a great Father's Day. Now on to what everyone has been waiting so patiently for.
One of my New Year Resolutions is to try new techniques. This is a card that I did for another board. The latte cup and sugar packets are by Ann-ticipations....saw the cup used in a card on the other board and knew that I HAD to get it.
Hi, hello. Nice to be back. You mean writing-wise, or just generally in the life? Writing-wise, it's been all about short stories for the last few years. But I see I'll be talking about that below. Erm, what else... I did a lot of readings for Even The Dogs. I was shortlisted - twice - for the BBC National Short Story Award, and came
God is with us
“She’s asleep. Her body and soul need time to rest a little.”
I used this week's Moxie Fab Tuesday Trigger with the sketch as it had such a wonderful mix of colours to work with which ever so easily enabled me to make yet another Valentine's Day/Love card. I layered my card as per the layers in the chocolate and embossed the kraft panel for a nugget feel. Pulled in the doily from the picture with the PIT die and the striped ribbon I found a Mike's a few years ago was a perfect match as it had all the colours from the inspiration picture.
year, only 389 students from
“I’m not sure what his plans are but we’re both going to move forward no matter what,” Lancer said.
Like the recent rains, it is a badly needed inundation for a parched real estate landscape dominated by overpriced homes in need of work. It’s still tough out there, but at least there are more homes to check out.
you might win this pad of paper from my first collection called Oh Happy Day.
Then I found her shoes. Oh MY GAWD! The SHOES! There were hundreds of pairs of shoes. They were in plastic containers and covered 40 years of her life. Shoes that were specific to outfits. OH MY GAWD the OUTFITS! Everything was stylish and matched. I was in bliss. I wanted to throw the clothes and the shoes on the floor and just roll in them.
The review estimated that public funding needs to be raised from $39 billion to $44 billion to achieve an acceptable level of quality in Australian education.
I used a black sharpie to write the page being referenced, then I used a silver gel pen for all that pages information. Depending on how you look at the map in the light will depend on what you'll be able to read with the silver pen. Finally, I used a fine red tip marker to separate each page layout...he's just been reading a bit at five years old, but maybe this will be a good incentive to help him learn. And of course his parents are there to help as well.
In her job, Ali advocates for residents, helps them and their family members with any issues they cannot deal with themselves. “For example, I make sure that every resident’s life system is in place, including nursing care, physical therapy, and activities. I help people in any way then need.”
Additionally, the effects of continuing to smoke are particularly potent for diabetics, with a dramatic increase in mortality rates being an inevitable outcome.
Many of you have been with us in the creation and holding of the Courts of Women that have been held in different parts of the world either with your actual participation or expression of solidarity. You must know how precious your support is for the Courts of Women such that it does become a larger movement for transformation in the ways that we understand and seek out justice.
That’s how it was with the holiday, too, really. Things like freezing rain and a chunder-mobile made no difference -- Sardinia is still very beautiful. Any holiday is still a holiday, and any beer is still a beer.
Hopefully tomorrow, once the rain lets up, I can get some good photos
Goal: Develop your antagonist.
Adequate attention must be provided to the fact that once black molds have established colonies in any portion of the house they usually remain there for long. This is as long as the structure is not replaced or treated with mold removal products. The pollutants that are released from the mold are themselves the reproductive cells of the black mold and are referred to as spores. These spores can be buried within the surface of wood such that these tend to escape with the use of black mold removal tools. In fact, these can hibernate and cannot be destroyed easily. This is majorly due to the fact that these are resistant to the action of heat, cold and even chemicals. Thus even if the wood seems to have washed clean, the spores can germinate again. Hence, to remove these forever, it is important to kill mold spores in wood as well.
But in a couple of months the parliament will have the opportunity to elect two more judges, when the mandate of the existing ones expires.
But he wasn't finished. No sir, he wasn't.
I hate them. And DD4L isn’t around to help me daydream about taking an M4 rifle over and wreaking havoc (really, I am a sane person, he was the one who would pull the trigger).
In 2003 the UK Department for Culture, Media and Sport announced a proposal to award the Byker Estate, of which the Wall forms a part, a Grade II listed rating as an example of outstanding architecture. In 2007 the Estate became a grade II* listed building (grade two star).
A blog (a portmanteau of web log) is a website where entries are written in chronological order and displayed in reverse chronological order.
You will surely enjoy the new pool nestled among the 36 rooms—each one unique. They’re also interested in the environment and just finished a new central heating plant, fueled completely on sunflower seed oil—one of the first in all of Italy (Roberto might even let you take a look if you’d like). Oh, and by the way . . . the Il Trebbiolo olive oil is absolutely fantastic and worth waiting for. You might want to buy some oil from last November’s pressing to take home.
I shot big guns at firing range.
And me? I was dreading it.
Funding for state-owned universities is necessary to ensure that Pennsylvania students have the opportunity to go to college.
One helpful tip for any organisation is for someone to sit down with an example of written business communication and write down some of the bullshit words you see.
heat and simmer 30 minutes. Add crawfish and okra; simmer another 10
You're new here, aren't you? This is Clay we're talking about. He's building a rocketship out of a toaster, a broom, a pair of socks, and some toothpaste. And it'll probably work. Nothing he does surprises me anymore.
10/18 Phoenix, AZ @ Rubyroom
a crime to accomplish
The secrets are finally out, you guys! After almost a year of Fake Charlie, the impostor gets exposed by the real Charlie. Confused still? Let’s back up a bit…It all starts with real Charlie not wasting any time tracking fake Charlie down (using Nate’s cell phone) Fake Charlie is still at Cece’s bedside. Things go from bad to worse when she has an attack and has to go to the hospital and the staff has to contact the family. That will be one awkward family reunion! Lola gets to the hospital too and bam! With one single word, the whole scheme falls apart: Mom! That’s right; Carol can no longer hide behind all of her lies. Everyone shuns Ivy and Lola doesn’t want to speak to her mom ever again. Geez, can anyone blame her? Her mom has serious problems; why is she so against her family? If anything, she’s the one who’s been taking advantage and generally acting like the worst person on the show…So what’s to happened to the two Charlies now? Cece is dead now (RIP), so I’m guessing there’s going to be fighting over her will. Anyway, Ivy is certainly not leaving; we see her last calling…Georgina? Huh?
5. Lots of tea bags and chocolate ( for long long talks with girlies.
praise God! The divine energy released when you spend quality time speaking in
What happened next was probably the most hysterical half hour of my life, although I am 100% content with the fact that no one saw it.
yet waiting
When I arrived in Tacloban, I only drank bottled water. I feel it safe than to drink tap water. However, I don’t always have the money to buy water. I still have to buy my food, and everything . I drank tap water and nothing happened. For almost a month I forgot about water problem – not until yesterday.
As a matter of international law, the United States is in an armed conflict with al-Qa’ida, the Taliban, and associated forces, in response to the 9/11 attacks, and we may also use force consistent with our inherent right of national self-defense. There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for this purpose or that prohibits us from using lethal force against our enemies outside of an active battlefield, at least when the country involved consents or is unable or unwilling to take action against the threat.
Ozzie Guillen relieved Nolasco after an intentional walk to Pablo Sandoval loaded the bases. Edward Mujica was brought in to face Buster Posey, who hit a groundball up the middle. Omar Infante cleanly fielded the grounder and started a 4-6-3 double play.
Typically and appropriately the expat volunteer lawyer teams with local professionals, who provide local legal, political, language and cultural expertise. Those synergies and relationships are usually very positive by-products of the expat lawyer’s experience. The locals also tend to provide more continuity to programs than expats, who come for a limited time, often not coextensive with the funding cycle of the program.
Destined by Aprilynne Pike: I wouldn't consider this series to be a favorite series, but I have read the other three books and want to find out how it ends! I'm glad to see that some of my series I've been following are coming to an end this year. Don't get me wrong--I love series and looking forward to new books in series, but it's nice to finally get resolution.
Brush a pie plate with the melted butter (ok if the excess pools up in the bottom). Combine the panko and the parmesan, and sprinkle them into the pie plate, tilting to coat all the buttered surfaces with cheese and breadcrumbs (ok if more sticks to the bottom than to the sides).
But there are no yellow and white checkers anywhere around here! Mom remembers dad's mom having yellow and white gingham curtains at her kitchen window but Nanny has been gone for 25 years and so have the curtains.
Little FuFu is happy to know new friends from Mexico. Guess i have to include Mexico in my backpacking list. I had met another Mexican friend, Tita the first week i had arrived Curitiba, Brazil. I told her that i would like to visit Mexico. Guess what sweet surprise i got from her?
“And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming; Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all POWER and SIGNS and LYING WONDERS.”
Don’t bother with any of the ‘proper’ sites but gravitate toward the blogging sites… the ones that basically list fan’s favourite albums by whatever genre you can think of.
2) Fragrance - who wouldn’t want a divine perfume for Christmas?! Too expensive you say? Fortunately there are tons of affordable Christmas Specials around! A word of advice if you are heading for that soap/perfume/lotion gift set, make sure it’s one he or she loves…otherwise it may be misconstrued as a lazy, cheap gesture and you don’t want that!
Since fashion is cyclical, it occasionally goes through phases that are not always my favorite. During those times, I tend to stick to my basic chic looks... but right now, I'm all about adopting the trends!
AS for Thorkel, who had been Kolbein’s greatest friend, he could not bear to be at home, nor would he change swords with Gisli, but went his way to a man called Duelling Skeggi, in the isle of Saxa. He was near akin to Kolbein, and in his house Thorkel stayed. In a little while Thorkel egged Skeggi on to avenge his kinsman, and at the same time to woo his sister Thordisa. So they went to Stock–for that was the name of Thorbjorn’s farm–twenty of them together; and when they came to the house, Skeggi began to talk of King Thorbjorn’s son-in-law, and of having Thordisa to wife. But Thorbjorn would not hear of the match. The story went that Bard, Kolbein’s friend, had settled it all with Thordisa; and, at anyrate, Skeggi made up his mind that Bard was to blame for the loss of the match. So he set off to find Bard, and challenged him to fight on the isle of Saxa. Bard said he would be sure to come; he was not worthy to have Thordisa if he did not dare to fight for her with Skeggi. So Thorkel and Skeggi set out for Saxa with twenty-one men in all, and waited for the day fixed for the duel. But when three nights had come and gone, Gisli went to find Bard, and asks whether he were ready for the combat. Bard says, Yes; and asked whether, if he fought, he should have the match.
QPR v Wigan – 3.00 Saturday
The sweetest bit was when he asked for a kiss from me and said, "Mama, I go catch train...byeee! See you soon!" Then he wandered off behind the sofa for 15 seconds before reappearing and announcing cheerfully, "Yay! I'm back off train again!"
Stir in the vanilla extract, sweetened condensed milk and alcohol. Whisk vigorously, then pour into sterilized bottles. Seal. It's drinkable now, but better after two weeks in the refrigerator.
After independence there was also a feeling in Iceland that all foreign countries were like Denmark and that they should all stick together "in our woolly sweaters" and be "isolated forever".
According to an arrest report, deputies were advised of a stolen green Chevy pickup truck that was pulling a stolen trailer driving on Westclox Street from Carson Road in Immokalee.
While channel surfing the other day, every show on every single GEC seemed to have dramatic music on it. The reasons were varied,
1 package Pamela’s simple bites gluten-free extreme chocolate mini cookies
Well, I have found the most hideous weed ever. It is in our neighbors yard. I have watched it grow from a small sapling of a weed, into a gynormous tree weed and I have named him Tiger, the Tree Weed. It is crazy how fast this succer has grown. I am just curious if they have gotten fined yet by the HOA because they have a lot of other weeds too (not that we don’t, but I choose not to look at our weeds)! I am thinking they really must be partial to this tree weed. Soon, it will be bigger than their house! And once that happens, I will be there taking pictures.
Firstly I have " Internet Fundamentals " as one of my subjects which I find interesting because it is something that I use everyday and love to use it too!
Eclectic urbanistas can quickly layer a room, evoking generations of diverse phases. Hamptons House and Gardens has a great collection of vintage Jansen. For dinner, grab a cab to Greenwich and watch the Real Housewives of Fairfield County take drinks on the water at the charming Hotel L'Escale. After bargain hunting, its fun to view your bizarro opposite.
Documents in the Pratt Collection of scientific interest include blueprints and specifications for construction of trenches, revetments, bomb-proof shelters, pyramid-type shelters, cave shelters, reinforced concrete shelters, machine gun emplacements, a Moir pill box, a German antitank mine, light railway gun-truck, “Adrian” huts, various types of bridges, including flap bridges and portable artillery bridges, a bench, dugout, thresh disinfector, stables, and the mean trajectories of projectiles; two pamphlets, translated from German, concerning the construction of defensive works; progress maps of entrenchments in the West Poperinghe line (August 1918); maps, reports, and notes concerning water supply; article re. body armor from The Literary Digest, August 31, 1918; mobilization stores table for an engineer train; reports and news clipping concerning clearing of booby traps from abandoned enemy works; sheet from Engineer Operations Bulletin (September 15, 1918) re. bridging of the Marne; daily location and work reports of the several platoons of the 105th; report on the St. Quentin canal; memoranda concerning German traps and mines; sheets from Engineer Operations Bulletin (October 15, November 1, 15, 1918); typescript, “Report on Engineer Operations by Officers of the 105th Engineers”; report concerning St. Quentin canal tunnel and adjacent portion of Hindenburg Line, with blue-line prints and maps; reports re. maintenance and repair of roads and other work done by companies of the 105th; Operations’ Reports of the 105th Engineers, May 18 – October 31, 1918, including maps and diagrams; a set of thirty-one small miscellaneous blueprints; blank book of forms used by engineers; and Handbook of the German Army in War; Lessons in Fortification, by U.S. Army Engineer School (1917).
Finds its way from me, away from here
The five fundamental policies of New Economics enumerated above need to be evaluated and introduced to match the South African system structure of problems. The last four principles apply to any modern economy but will need some adaptation to the specific circumstances of the South African economy. The first principle is of particular importance to South Africa because of its dual formal / informal structure.
$195 - Includes Free U.S. Shipping
They are also, if one has a philosophical bent, simulacra. That is, they are copies much as Colonial Williamsburg, parts of Las Vegas, or Disneyland are, things that simulate the real world, but which are, in fact, fakes. Think of Jim Carey in The Truman Show and you’ve got a snapshot of the legal moonshine customer, conned — perhaps willingly — into thinking he’s got the real deal.
plutonium
I made an appointment at one place with an artist whose portfolio showed beautiful lettering and I wanted her to do the Big One—but she isn’t free until June, so we kept looking around, just to see.
Tribes: Ascend has been updated with new features “You may view available and earned badges, as well as accolades and general stats, through the Profile menu”, maps “Team Deathmatch map has been added (Outskirts)” and perks “Two new perks have been added”. The game is in open beta which means anyone can now play and try out the game for free.
London Fog, however, I’m excited for. I’ll be writing a new chapter for it every week, just as I’ll be posting a chapter for Dragon Air every week.
Richter makes his paintings in stages. Working on two huge canvases at once he first uses a brush to cover them with large swaths of color. Then, the seventy-nine year old gentleman takes a squeegee as tall as he is and covers his creation from top to bottom, burying most of what lies underneath. He does this over and over, changing colors, changing directions, changing his pace, his angle, using his full body weight to obliterate and create, obliterate and create over and over again. It was like watching somebody dance a painting into existence.
A Christmas Wedding Tail ... Hallmark Channel ... 12 AM
"Keep of't hills," they said.
I made a ham and basted it with a new glaze recipe I found. For the glaze I used brown sugar, real maple syrup and Dijon mustard.
Then we came in, put on Miracle on 34th St., and Ben made a pumpkin pie. We played Mario Kart Wii, then I made us some dinner. We had pan fried chicken breasts, parmesan mashed potatoes, and roasted asparagus. I also roasted a head of garlic. YUM! For the chicken I made a great sauce using red wine, dried cranberries, and POM. It had that perfect festive color, and a great savory/sweet contrast of flavor. I think the POM really made it!
Ahhh well it isn't all dark moods, don't worry. The good news is that everything is okay with my beloved ones and myself. So i keep this in mind, again and again, to chase away the dark moods, that holds me back from enjoying all good things around me. I feel happy looking at my love and kids, the cats, the garden, my art. And i have made a beginning of a new drawing. A wonderful challenge, because the seize of this drawing is 130 x 145 cm! As i said a real challenge. I wonder how long it will take before the white paper is filled with my world in a world in a world......
3, I decided to go ahead with a pattern I had for some totally different yarn.
Point being that every sunrise is something to give thanks for, even the ones that happen here in the hospital. Each day is a gift, filled with gratitude for the continued existence of my son, my daughters, my spouse, my life. I do not ignore the difficulties my family faces, or sweep them aside, or make light of them - I couldn't if I wanted to as they encompass every aspect of it. Everything - right down to needing toilet paper but being unable to just run to the grocery store for it - that kind of everything. Instead I wrap them around me, build them into my being and then take a step. Somedays it is just one step, getting out of bed, those are usually the days after I've been notified of something else gone wrong. Other days, the glorious ones, the ones that I flashback to at the crackle of a leaf, or the scent of the ocean, or the warm sun hitting my cheek, those days my God I swear I can soar. Most days fall in between; the drudgery of day to day living. But all those days snap together to make the picture I see. And the picure is good and happy and at peace in this moment.
He is mulling over how high I would have had to be for each of the hypothetical gory outcomes he has hypothesized for me.
My husband giggled like a child. I blushed.
You may have noticed the recent re-branding of this blog as Student Lola Life. I plan to continue writing, but in my new blog, http://dietitianlola.blogspot.com/. The style will be the same, and much of the content too, and I plan to include dietetics, but I will have to be extra careful about confidentiality as I don't want to give employer or patients any hint of grounds for complaint. Having said that, I expect there will be something about what I am taught in my induction, what my new workplace is like, and what my job contains. If I have a view on an interesting or controversial dietetic topic, I'm sure I'll be able to write about it. Beyond that, we'll see.
Do you get what I'm getting at?
The verdict of the Criminal Court in Vienna has finally settled the hotly disputed question of whether the Prophet Mohammed slept with his wife Aisha when she was at the tender age of nine, as many sources maintain. And so a Viennese judge, until now comparatively unknown among Koran experts, has decided as — so to speak — the highest authority on the faith from Morocco to Indonesia, that in any case there was no instance of pedophilia in the House of Mohammed. And therefore sentenced the defendant to 120 per diem payments for her public claim that the Prophet “liked to get it on with children.” Because the charge that Mohammed committed child abuse was “factually completely unjustified.” Ergo, “denigration of a religion” — end of lesson.
The Commonwealth has no direct head of legislative power with respect to the print media. However, the Commonwealth may nonetheless regulate the print media by virtue of indirect heads of power such as those relating to trade and commerce, taxation, corporations, external affairs and the Territories. The most significant of these is the corporations power – its potential application to news media regulation is expanded on below. In addition, the Commonwealth may regulate print media where doing so is incidental to the exercise of a direct head of power – for example, it can limit ownership and control of print media as a condition of radio and television broadcasting licenses issued by virtue of section 51(v).
Damian1342 is up first (beating out the previous 1341 Damians):
So, here we are with other symptoms, classic of a food allergy, as the doctor put it. Which way do we go now. We are not sure what food is causing it? Well, that is where the blood work came in. We will see how all that comes back in a couple of days.
I love with all my heart:
There is, however, a reasoning from conservatism that can be made in favour of same-sex marriage, but the Conservative Party is not pursuing it, and neither Daniel Finkelstein nor Tim Montgomerie are making it. The reasoning is simply this: if, years and decades or generations after the introduction of civil partnership it were observed that the people are routinely referring to such couples as being married; and if, years and decades or generations later, it were observed that society has shifted and custom adapted, then the conservative would, in pursuit of ‘national harmony’, acknowledging a new ‘beautiful order’, simply recognise this fact. There would be no engineered social change, no revolution in the state, and no imposition of a new definition. The change would have been incremental, barely perceptible, and the conservative would accept the new social arrangement.
there, shielding my eyes from my face.
Ok, now stop rolling your eyes for a minute, I thought chemtrails spraying was BS too, it’s not, your government via Offices of Naval Intelligence is doing just that, its irrefutable. If it wasn’t I would not post it, and besides I have watched them doing it. It of course is experimental spraying programs with out our Consent, just like all those nuclear tests were not of our consent over Nevada a few years back. There are over 50+ weather modification programs ongoing, according to NOAA records, in the United States. What impact does this chemical manipulation have on the regional micro-climates that are needed for tree, and agricultural crop health?
There are a couple of stories that go with this recipe, not to mention the fact that it is one of my family's faves and one of my brothers fall down on the floor and moan if you put peanut butter and honey on a warm slice (honey first folks) let it soak into that warm bread and then the JIF peanut butter. JIF is truly the best. I should mention here, day old banana bread out of the fridge toasts brilliantly! I just like butter on mine. Everyone else uses honey and peanut butter.
Ahh, finally…a little dissociative patch…I knew it would come eventually. I couldn’t sleep last night..so much pain, but my eyes were so tired I couldn’t even focus long enough to read so I sat and stared and thought for about six hours. I kind of settled into the pain, let it get warm and loud, I remember I was shaking so slightly it felt like my whole body was vibrating with it at one point. I just let it exist along with me for a while.
French B&B owners at least realize that I'm a friend of The Inspector General and so they smile at me (if they don't speak English) or try out a little English with me, just to be polite. So, Mr. American and his brand spanking new Hammam and strange retro 70's decor (of both he was quite proud) will be punished by the lack of mention of his B&B in this highly influential blog of mine. I didn't even take any pictures. So, there.
Understanding this, if we become dishonest, it can be seen by the ones who love us and they want to help us to stop, but they do not know how.
Perhaps the clouds now form a frame,
1 can diced tomatoes (15 oz.)
I'm just back from a two day teaching stint on a specialist supervision workshop, which I facilitated with an extremely experienced psychologist. And, as always, being psychologists, we did our evaluations.
Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
HandleBar (4127-29 Manchester Avenue) One of the newest spots in the Grove neighborhood, the emphasis at the HandleBar is local. They only carry local beers on draught, so if you’re trying to get some local flavor get on your bike and head over.
2tsp paprika
prepared meals that she contracts for the schools that have no kitchen
Not considered part of the floor for measurement purposes, the plank is a strip of wood placed under the car to enforce a minimum ride height. The FIA technical term for this part is the skid block, although this term is rarely applied. Holes in the plank allow the cars reference plane to sit directly on the FIA scrutineering jig, for legality checks over the course of a GP weekend. Titanium skid blocks are allowed to be fitted in certain places in the plank and their wear is measured to ensure a car is not grounding from excessively low ride heights.
Cover Art: Penalva
As mentioned in a previous post you are sleeping all by yourself now. :) This is bittersweet for Mommy, as I miss snuggling with you at night, but the amount of rest that I am getting is unreal! You're such a good sleeper! You've been going to bed at 8:30pm and waking at 9:00am. Sometimes in the morning I watch you lay in bed and play with your baby doll before I go in and get you. It's too sweet!
The true Jew, is someone who is a Jew in his heart. True circumcision, is circumcision of the heart. These two concepts may seem almost absurd. After all, how can someone circumcise his own heart? How can someone be an inward rather than an outward Jew?
2. He kept trying to get a message across to a bunch of men who just didn’t get it,
After 12 or so hours of trying to come up with a name, we finally settled on the one you see here (Kama Foodtra was already taken and the Lady is an art history nerd...don't get me started). There's not going to be any consistent post schedule but we hope that having an audience will push us to be more creative and prolific in the kitchen.
Have you ever sat down and looked through the handbook for just one of your Cricut cartridges, and then tried to come up with as many project ideas as you could that would JUST use that ONE cartridge and any of the stamp sets you already own?
and still jay park on the stage I keep screaming PREPIX! PREPIX!!! XD
We have a brand new challenge this week and to mark the start of a new year, we would like you to follow the theme of "New Beginnings". It could be a wedding, a new baby, a change of job, a new house - anything as long as it is in the spirit of starting a new chapter.
I realised how anxious I was, how fearful I was about the whole experience. Natural feelings maybe. But my main anxiety and fear were about leaving my family. The family that I suddenly felt I’d taken for granted. I had spent the past 7 years gallivanting off whenever I got the chance. For the last 2 years, I’d spent half the week working away in Southampton and then London. I’d barely even considered what a wrench it would be to leave the ‘rents, the starlet and the dowager, not to mention my friends and everyone else around here.
It’s not a lie though, since I do attempt to give a little insight – not only to the reader, but also to myself – of the Sages of the Mishnah. But how to do that, if one doesn’t intend to study the whole Mishnah? Of course, that is certainly a good way to do it, as well as studying the Midrashim and other Mishnaic texts of the Tannaim, but – to be honest – I’m not there yet, and if I had to wait until I would be there, then I wouldn’t be able to write anything about the subject for years.
Digital paintings by Joe Wilson.....
Stay tuned for 2007, a year of decline and embarrassments, and 2008, re-runs.
Try telling that to some of the people in the village though. You'd think people deliberately sped up once they passed the welcome signs.
But so much fun.
All in all, the Bosch Group once more raised spending for research and development above the average industry level to almost €3 billion in the past year. Of the total Bosch workforce of 242,500, more than 22,000 are active in research and development.
The exhibition at the palace’s Queen’s Gallery includes 87 pages from the artist’s notebooks and groundbreaking anatomical sketches. Organizers say Leonardo intended to publish the detailed studies of bones, muscles and internal organs in a treatise on anatomy, but the drawings were never used when he died in 1519.
Your Attitude....
I want to create my own fate. There are those who believe that none of this is my say at all, that our decisions are predetermined. Meursault began to feel this way near the end of his court case. He had his lawyer, who would not allow Meursault’s input, even referring to himself as Meursault when fighting the case. His fate was surely decided without him when the lawyer told him “You’ll only be brought out for the passing of the sentence.” I will not let this be me.
Yesterday, I was sitting in the car waiting for Sarah to come out of the doctor’s office. I was facing a four-lane street in a part of town that is extremely congested, especially at this particular time of day. Cars were whizzing past at a rather alarming rate. There were shiny new cars, old and worn out cars, some were painted brilliant colors and others had mismatched doors and hoods.
Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.
But first, I must get some rest tonight.. I'm one exhausted student teacher!!
The NYPD has been accused of racial profiling in its practice of stopping and frisking people on the street, the majority black or Hispanic, critics say.
Imagine Dita Von Teese in jeans and a tee. Doesn’t work, does it? What about Imelda May in tracksuit bottoms? Nah. If post-modernism has taught us anything, it’s that fashion is one big green bin: sooner or later everything gets recycled. As for newness, consider it a bit like a Tinguely sculpture: set to destroy itself upon creation. See: harem trousers, Louis Vuitton bunny ears (why?), the Snooki poof.
She gags with the foul odor in the makeshift prison. The room starts to spin. A shadow within shadows stirs six feet away. The ominous clink of a chain slithers on the far side of the cellar floor. Fettered at the ankle by the same chain someone, or something, pulls her closer...
And I don't let myself get too totally hungry. I eat about 3-6 or 7 hours apart BUT...I am ALWAYS sure to eat generally way before the upper end of that time! Yesterday, it was getting too long and I was beginning to feel bad. I don't like that. It's not good for me either, so I try really hard to avoid this kind of situation. I don't snack~meaning I literally eat three squares a day with NOTHING in between UNLESS I am HONESTLY between a rock and a hard place...and it's about 1-2 times a month where I will have a protein/fruit snack of some kind...usually a piece of FRESH fruit and a serving of protein...I spend three nights a week out late in going to my church OR also another activity, so my supper is often very late on those nights. I leave well before supper time so if I eat on the early side of it, I am famished way before breakfast and in risk of binging or 'snacking' in my vulnerability in the night...nights are risky, so I avoid eating as much as possible after certain times and definitely in certain places...
One love, one life, one heart.
This doesn't mean that results aren't important. Of course they are. It's not much good enjoying the process of learning to drive and not caring if you don't pass the test. Life is a balance of required results and just doing, and often, a mixture of both.
And speaking of work, I have an interesting freewrite for you this week. As always, I recommend writing it by hand in your writing notebook, and I suggest that you give yourself at least a half an hour of uninterrupted time to work on it--no phone, no internet, no distractions. Ideally, you might even steal a whole hour for your writing. I find that my thoughts don't really begin to cook and bubble until 30-40 minutes into a writing session. Those first 20-30 minutes are just the preheating period.
helping someone else to make a record, 'cos it's a very difficult
I didn't take a lot pictures of my birthday. I thought I would, but I was pleasently surprised that I somehow turned off the blog switch for the day. All photos from lady mendl's site.
those couples dancing
HA! All over town I'm known as "Amy Kortuem The Harpist." Now I have a new title: "Amy Kortuem The Fruit Cup Lady."
(I had to go to a fundraiser tonight. I had a panic attack. I'd been having them all day. But these 200 people in a cramped space...yelling...shouting as a group whenever a raffle prize was won, jostling, swarming. Sh*t. I thought I was just about gonna die. I wanted silence. I didn't get it.)
After doing a little research about this new camera it appears that Nokia is not aiming to shoot hi-resolution images. Rather, their goal is on keeping as much detail as possible in the different shots the phone will take. What this means is once a shot is taken you can zoom in up to three times with no loss of detail. This makes each photograph appear as one huge image, providing much more scope for any desired editing.
*You'd be one of the first to know!
Thank you to everyone who came and supported me in this crazy adventure and hope to have our family be close through these little outings. Love you all.
Wash and dry two or three romaine lettuce hearts. Slice in half lengthwise.
When the chiles are roasted to your taste, fill them with the beans and the chopped up meat and enjoy!
Sunday - Maybe dinner out? I obviously don't feel like cooking this week!
Uh oh, there's one that'll come back to haunt him ...
reflect that the bruises on the child were “consistent with corporal
let us dance in the wide open space of sky
Angelou, Maya. I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. London: Virago, 1999.
I am excited for the Reveal and of course for the announcement of the next project! I can't wait to see how everyone else's projects turned out and to see everyone's color choices too! So look for the Reveal on March 12th at Releases by Rufydoof.
AppleCORE HD – An AppleWeb spinoff.
THE deaths of two people who were waiting for appeals to be heard against the loss of benefits has prompted calls for a fairer assessment system.
Keep in mind these are the exact same trains and tracks they can play with at any time in their own home. Just not as cool as the big show mini track. I get it guys…shooting hoops in the gym was cooler than the driveway. (what you just witnessed was my weak rationalization…apologies).
3 Tbsp honey
As if I don't have enough on my plate...!! This is something I have been doing for years...in fact over 9 years...!! I guess I have just been "quiet" about it. One could say I'm coming out of the closet so to speak???
ZJQOQ Blog (zjqoqblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
We Irish love to own our own homes and at 75%, have one of the highest home-ownership rates in Europe. We’re also a fairly conservative people. Marry the two traits together and we become a building insurer’s dream. And most of us hand over the best part of €1,000 each year to insure our homes and their contents.
All three children were inspired to climb on things, and balance and get into mischief after the show, but thankfully none of them expressed an interest in throwing knifes at each other.
You can get a thick toast with 2 toppings. There are 6 varieties of toppings to choose from. How about one combo a day?
The pub near Wallsend Metro station dates back to 1893 and had been closed for around 6 months after losing its licence after police complained that it had become a magnet for serious crime and disorder in the town.
“Santorum’s response to that liberal leftist in-the-tank-for-Obama press character really revealed some of Rick Santorum’s character,” she said. “And it was good, and it was strong, and it was about time because he’s saying enough is enough of the liberal media twisting the conservative’s words, putting words in his mouth, taking things out of context and even just making things up.”
Now here’s what was interesting about it: the trees all blew over in the same direction. It blew through Sam Houston National Forest, Crockett National Forest, Sabine National Forest, and Angelina. It went through four national forests. But nobody could understand what, first of all, could cause a straight line, wind, of that length.
The following is taken from a transcript of the interview Carte Blanche conducted with his bereaved family in their July broadcast on blue light brigade abuses:
Don’t make Sarah cry
“I don’t have the least idea what I’m doing.”
to roll around in.
Which shades from this collection are you interested in?
I like the term independent, as used in independent film, because it just means it is produced outside of the Hollywood major studio system. It does not mean unprofessional. It doesn't necessarily always mean low budget either, although it usually is when compared to the average Hollywood movie. In the ePublishing world, I define independent as outside the much maligned big publishing system. It can be a first-time author on a shoe-string budget (or no budget,) or it could be an established writer with dozens of backlist books. I'll get into this a bit more in a future post, but here's my definition of an Indy Author:
But if you’re thinking how nice it would be to take your dog to work, Barker’s study just might give you some ammunition with the boss.
This weekend marks the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic. Recently, I read a report based on Twitter strings, that many people--I'd guess mostly young adults who have grown up having watched Jim Cameron's film from 1997--didn't realize the Titanic was an actual ship that sank, killing 1500+ people. I don't know why this surprised me. But it did.
We have already had to lock them out of the kitchen as they love to slam open the door and sing songs or ask for biscuits right when we are busiest. There are currently three bar staff, a kitchen hand and cleaner that help us out here.
So it is with my mind awash with horticulture and history, that I eventually come to the Sunday gospel.
3) brizo fashion week: another huge highlight was being flown to new york to attend the jason wu fashion show by the good people over at brizo faucets. an amazing brand, and an amazing experience, but again, it was about the people, and i was so lucky to have the opportunity to make 19 new friends out of the fabulous crew of designer/bloggers on the trip. brizo has just announced the next group of designers to attend this fab experience in february, and i'm more than a little jealous of them!
B - Double Dealin' (instrumental)
Here are the conditions that go along with accepting the award;
130g breadcrumbs (crushed biscuits)
We'll be back in January 2012.
You can do it, and more importantly, your little one can too! Take this inspiration and use it as your fuel!
A little more than 127 years ago, the battle of Amajuba was forever written into the history books by a small Boer army overcoming the might of the Victorian army. From generation to generation, proud Afrikaners have told their children how they defeated the English that day and won the first Anglo-Boer War, killing 92 Englishmen and only suffering one casualty themselves.
No thanks. Nightmare scenario. Do you know of any divine by-blow who had a good time? Mostly they ended up as shrubs or rivers or constellations or something.
Motorsport is used yet again by AUDI AG to pioneer new technology The brand with the four ring’s new Le Mans race car is the world’s first LMP1 car to combine a highly-efficient TDI with a hybrid system. quattro drive also celebrates its comeback to the race track with the prototype – in a entirely new form.
Duvet Cover - Already Owned ($20 from IKEA)
El Valle is a peaceful village connected to Bahía Solano by an 18 km road. Life there moves to the rhythms of the tide. When it flows, it extends over a strip of sand close to which the hotels stand and nourishes the rivers descending from the Baudó Range. One of these rivers is the Valle River, which has four species of mangrove bordering its margins.
1 act
Consequently my daughter got upset with me because she felt like I picked on her. It was true. I think that I believed that because my daughter loved me unconditionally, I could make the example of her and that because I was still in the process of earning the other child’s love I needed to go easy on her. I felt like my daughter should understand. I was wrong.
I’m sure this is just the first of many journeys we’ll take on my little bicycle, but judging by the ouch-factor of my bum today, I’ll need to get in a lot more practice (and possibly a padded seat!).
Yep. Immediately. From what I’ve been told, I was born with my birthfather at my birthmom’s side, she held me, and then that was it. I spent three days in foster care. After adjusting to that environment, I was placed in the cradle of my parent’s family tree. Scientifically, more and more, research is showing that the baby is deeply affected by this. Each change of environment, each relinquishment, and each loss develops a brain differently than the babies who are born and kept by their moms. OK. So, I was a baby. I didn’t “know” what I was going through, I was just going. And, to carry through the pinball idea . . . I was bounced by a couple of bumpers until I got to a safe place (to my parents who raised me and are the grandparents to my children today).
It is becoming increasingly obvious that the forces of darkness on Planet Earth have their roots firmly fixed in the very organizations who claim that their ultimate goals are the achievement of world peace.
... that I both managed to mess up due to lots and lots of work and all of that... makes for a baaad DT-member...
new lampshades were NOT in the holiday budget!
“Fuck you bitch. You know what will happen if we don’t get the hell out of here.”
Tools - stickles, ribbon, gold pearls, MS branch punch
Why did I read it: I liked the summary and really wanted to read it as soon as it was offered to me.
"Relationships with freelance designers are frequently informal and therefore I was immediately attracted to the draft precedent agreement being promoted by ACID - a champion of all things design, in an @ACID_tweets tweet. Designed to save ££s so that usually means the you won't need to consult a lawyer. Now the trouble with paid-for precedents without legal advice is that they often raise more questions than they answer. That's why the Riverview model of giving away the precedents is much to be preferred (though I can't tell you whether they have a freelance designer agreement because I respected their admonition that competitors should not register). An agreement is arrived at between two parties after a negotiation where each party concedes some issues in return for better terms in relation to others.
P.S. After a day at our house being called "the little guy," #612 Moe revealed that his secret dog name is Bob Bobby Boblet Bobert.
IMac's lily pond last week reminded me of an impressionist painting--and well it might as it was taken in Monet's Garden. Well, DUH, Kats!!! I chose the theme of Impressionist for this week to see what we could make of it. I had a picture of mine in mind, but went looking, and did not see it exactly as I recalled it. I had fun in the gathering, though. Always fun to wander through the photo files and find something for a theme and remember the trip, occasion or event when they were taken, the people involved.
Astronomy has always fascinated me. Ever since I was a young boy, I was intrigued by the planets and the stars, and wanted to know everything there was to know about what I could only barely see when I looked up at the night sky. Constellations were magical in my young mind. I truly believed that the ancient people who gave each of the mysterious shapes a name, and to which they attached a meaningful story about the various mythological characters and the mystical creatures of those mythologies, knew something about the universe that I could only imagine. I could not fully grasp the ideals contained in the mythological stories, nor could I truly decipher what they were suggesting about life right here on Earth. I couldn’t even truly understand why I felt such a powerful urge to gaze up at the panorama all around me in the night sky. Somehow, opening my heart and mind and spirit to the stars, made me feel alive and real.
At this point in time, Pakatan has said a unity government may be acceptable but not mergers. However, should UMNO persist and succeeds in buying the MPs they need to help them gain the majority at Parliament, they will still be unlikely to succeed, say other pundits. The reason being that a regime change after 55 years would have to be a really momentous occasion, one that could only be prompted by a people who have had enough and really want a change.
Challenge #9 Ribbon
In this day and age, we have to face the facts:
Science must assume a natural explanation for every event. Historians must do likewise. When in the Infancy Gospel of Thomas we find that Jesus took clay, made it into birds and let them fly, how should a historian proceed? He cannot take that claim seriously.
Do you use sites like tripadvisor? How much do they make a difference to you? Is it right people who haven't stayed at a BnB/Inn/Hotel can review it on a site that is primarily about accommodation?
The other thing they updated was the black and white tool. Now you can add color filters to affect the contrast. I don’t know why this wasn’t there to begin with. I can feel comfortable deleting simply b&w now because I only kept that around in case I wanted to use a color filter.
MAY 1974
Hope that you have a wonderful week. If you read my blog earlier, I mentioned that I would be giving away 2 of the panels that I designed for Yoder's Department Store to help celebrate their anniversary. The panel was produced in both blue and black colorways...I really like them both!
Hello friends!! Hope all of you had a wonderful Thanksgiving if you're here in the states. It is always so comforting to have family, food and a fire going at Thanksgiving. Just CAN'T understand why it takes around two days to prepare all the dishes, 20 minutes to eat, then a few hours of clean up....you've gotta wonder about the absurdity of such a thing! LOL...Well, I finally got a card made and have started on Christmas. This sweet card is done in my favorite color combo (blue and white). I have always been a lover of anything that is just these two colors. My wedding china is blue and white and I still love it after all these years. Enjoy!
We saw an AMAZING speaker...I don't say that lightly...we have had some good speakers and some not so good speakers through out my career at conferences and meetings.
Taylor and I started to think. We thought we saw someone on top of the parking structure. I was hesitant to go, but then I remembered that the fire pit opened this Christmas during the Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony. The video ran through my head as I ran over to the new fire pit pavilion. When I got there I was too excited to think straight. Luckily my friend Lacey was sitting there. She pointed me to Anders who gave me a slip of paper to the next hint. It read:
Boys #2 and 3 are at our local middle school. Like many kids, their favorite subjects include Gym and Recess. Almost daily, they'll talk about their exploits on the playground. And while there have been some playground challenges -- Boy #3 doesn't like the fact that the kids tend to bicker more than they actually play -- neither child is bothered enough to step away from the activity. Both have made friends; nearly every day, at least one friend from school comes over to play. Both boys also remain surprisingly enthusiastic about reading. They need to read a certain number of minutes each day -- but the best part is that both seem to thoroughly enjoy the books they read.
I told you that I missed you.
Fast forward to yesterday. We were invited to a "Pop Star" birthday party for a friend's 8 year old daughter. This was a first for me in terms of birthday party themes. And believe me, we've been to a LOT of birthday parties. The gist of it is: the guests come to the party dressed in their version of popstar finery, then the gals running the party rehearse a song with the group (of girls, presumably), add some choreography, get them all gussied up with some make-up and accessories, and then film a "music video" of the group performing the song. It's all very professional, with a backdrop set up, microphones, a digital video camera, etc.
and we got a ticket on the train!
To burn one pound of fat, you must burn 3500 calories above your BMR. Now I’m not saying that you have to burn 3500 calories in one day, it is much easier to split it up throughout the week.
That doesn’t mean that our apartment is always clean. It’s clean a lot, but it’s also not clean a lot. And it doesn’t mean I have always been a clean person either. There is an embarrassing story about peanut butter on one of my textbooks my freshman year of college that makes me cringe now. But it makes me feel so much better to have everything clean and somewhat organized.
This is an example of the home energy rating of a single-family home, soon to be posted on new homes built by KB Home, as well as Pulte, Centex and Del Webb Communities. It’s similar to a car’s MPG rating or an Energy Star rating and will help buyers determine the energy-efficiency and performance of homes. It is also possible to get an estimate of utility costs for a whole year at these tested homes.
The background is a gentle shade of pink and embossed with a Stampin Up embossing folder. The scallop is in a coordinating blue and the center an off white. I edged the circle with a bit of Tattered Rose distress ink and used dimentional adhesive to pop it up off the scallop circle.
On one of our days to come, there will be another test. You’d best have an answer prepared.
No, you’re not but they don’t want to know that anymore than you want to tell them. Lies hide things and we humans hate hidden things. Unless they’re our hidden things. And if we’re all laughing at someone else then no one’s laughing at us. As they’re suffering though a part of us is thinking: Christ. I’m glad that’s not me.
*Warning, long post, but lots of good pictures!
Row 3: Knit into the front and back of the first stitch, knit 1, purl 1, knit 1, knit into the front and back of the last stitch. ( 7 stitches)
For my card today, I used Christmas Tree Ruby. Oh, did I mention she is currently on sale? I used Basic Grey Jovial papers. Sentiment is by Papertrey Ink.
This is NOT about religion or what's "best for women", and if any arguement couches itself in either of those claims, then it is in hardcore denial or fiendishly shrewd, knowing that this tack will draw more supporters who want the black-and-white, easy way out. No. This is, pure and simple, about women as property. Women as something to be controlled by men. This is about ensuring that women remain second-class citizens in a country that would like to be held up as a bastion of freedom and democracy for all.
Boys’ and girls’ brains develop and operate very differently, and understanding the implications of what that means will help both teachers and parents. You’ll learn strategies to raise and teach either gender to help them succeed in school and in life.
I said goodbye to my Christmas and holiday music and worked in some Celtic, some Classical, some Baroque. Some Amy Kortuem originals. As dinner turned to dessert turned to coffee, people gathered at the fireplace to listen. I kept playing.
So here’s my definition:
at where
(which are no longer allowed in Paris on NY's Eve).
I would definitely say if you are in the neighborhood or just looking for a change to make the trek to Anthem and give this place a try. Just don’t be shocked if you you walk in and are greeted with a line, it will move quickly and it will be worth the wait.
After spending a couple of hours wandering aimlessly in Golden Gate Park, we headed to the Mission District for some city street exploration and Ritual Coffee. Eventually our tummies started rumblin’, so we headed over to Gracias Madre, an organic vegan Mexican restaurant located at 2211 Mission Street.
I can tell you that Lauriston Gardens does not exist but flashes of the Victorian London that Arthur Conan Doyle knew still do. We were attracted to the vibrant colour of the doors of this fire station which has kept elements of its historical facade in good condition. I love the lampshade, the old lettering and the doors which have been kept in good nick with a regular lick of lipstick red paint.
Well the dinner was not the best Chinese food I've eaten, but it was pretty good. I will think of this story every time I enjoy a frozen dinner from now on.
- Transaction fees
Foursight - 4.5% - Copper-coloured beer.
9. Sweet - Call Me
After a sigh from him and long silent break of at least 8 or 9 seconds, I said thanks for having no real answers, have a good day.
Paderborner Isenbeck Brauerei Haus Cramer GmbH & Co. KG Premium Dark
Community Associations Institute publishes a best practice guide which includes ideas for keeping a community “in the know”. A few suggestions include:
The reason why this is happening will become quite apparent once you discover that it is the International Judaic, and nobody else, who is behind the multibillion dollar pornography business. According to this source the pornography industry has larger revenues than Microsoft, Google, Amazon, eBay, Yahoo, Apple and Netflix combined. Consider also the fact that the holy Jewish Talmud looks on a Gentile woman as a piece of raw meat, to be used and abused at will. I realize this sounds like a cluster of seemingly unrelated comments, but believe me when I say they ARE all related.
the rest of the 1978 topps dodgers in 1979 will be up tomorrow.
Al-Arabiya TV:
A testimonial the Revive Body Butter received...made me feel good.
and there was cheese on the ground,
I am linking up to these parties:
Not the sort of deliverer anyone wanted.
Here we go with the candidates for the Rock Star starting rotation. I'm not going to say a lot here other than this will be a long read and you will get to choose 5 pitchers. Let's take a stroll down Rockies starting pitching history.
Spes Augusta, “the hope of the empire through the imperial family,” was a common coin reverse legend and image, and it is thus that she appears during the reign of Hadrian on coins he issued. She was also called Spes Populi Romani, “Hope of the Roman People,” and in her temple on the Esquiline Hill, she is honored as Spes Vetus, “ancient Hope.” She had a temple in the Forum Holitorium in Rome that was dedicated during the First Punic War. Her festival was on August 1.
and place, strawberries spread through your name
He started off with a well-known hymn expressing exactly this sentiment, in which the name of Jesus has been replaced by that of Jacob Zuma.
Of course it's not just publishers at the Book Fair. Let's hear it for the agents, who have their own centre up an escalator, their own bar and -yes - their own loos! They work away all day at desks with numbers on flags. The representative from the agency who look after me, Rogers, Coleridge and White, got her own headline in the Bookseller Daily at Bologna: "Claire Wilson sells two débuts to Faber" so you can see how effective this is.
Now there are a whole group of people who believe the Great Firecracker is going to start with a massive war in Israel that will soak the region in blood... and they're actually happy about it. Because long before it happens they'll all be miracled up to a cloud to dance around with Jesus and the big-tittied angels and watch the rest of humanity go through this horror, as if the whole thing were some kind of reality show.
It all makes you wonder.
There is a huge chasm between tweeting it and doing it.
...to be extra nice and go out of your way for others.
I've created three "game board" slides that on three subjects that my students are very familiar with: SpongeBob, pizza, and the Sasquatch.
Him, "It would be such a shame to waste a beautiful day inside."
The match was over with only 2 dice in my murmillo´s pool. That´s real close for differing Rep fighters, and of course really fast since both have pretty low reps.
If you’re like most Americans, your diet and lifestyle habits are not as healthy as they could be. And if you’re like most Americans, you are more concerned about the needs of today than the state of your health five or ten or twenty years from now.
*I received a complimentary copy of this book in exchange for a honest review.*
So that prep you drink, AKA poop juice was TERRIBLE! I came oh so close to not being able to get it all in.
Medicinal mushrooms have long been used in Asia as an energy tonic to help promote longevity and overall health. Amongst the many types of medicinal mushrooms, including Maitake, Cordyceps, and Shiitake, Reishi is one of the most versatile medicinal mushrooms.
Strangely enough, all the other examples of the shrieku sound just like this one. So the form has some constraints. But that's the point of form, after all - by working within the shrieku form, you are able to say more with less. Well not really. You're not saying anything, you're just screaming. But that really does sum up something important about modern life, don't you think?
I really struggled with this journal because I'm just not used to working with these colours and it had a scrapbook style, which I haven't done in ages. I don't particularly like my work in this journal but we can't always just show our best work. It's also good beneficial to show what we are not particularly pleased with.
Christmas is not just a time on the calendar; it is the baby in the manger who came to save mankind. Peace and joy is not just for December but for always if we accept the one who came to offer it.
She was due on the 21st of December! I remember being on baby watch since before Christmas and all through Christmas. For a while we thought she would be born on Christmas, which is my birthday, but even then she had a mind of her own!
Finally, the fourth group that will matter is the police and other security groups such as Rela (Volunteers Corps), whose actions will reflect on their professionalism. A crackdown will only serve to reinforce the sense of unfairness and the need for better governance that is essentially underlying the Bersih 3.0 rally.
Beauty does not impose.
I realized that I was on my own. At 11 years old, I realized, it was up to me. My Dad, was gone. My brother was probably gone, and my mom? Well, she’d hadn’t really been there for a long time either. I felt like a battleship or a cruiser from one of those old WWII movies, getting ready to go into battle. Hatches shutting, ports closing, people scuttling about inside the ship closing every possible opening, every potential vulnerability that might let something inside. I was on my own, adrift on the open the sea, and I would have to be the one to take care of me. Because no one else would.
UPDATE 630pm CDT 4/30/2012:
Of course, most Free-Rangers and other sensible folk suspected this all along. (And my book discusses it, too, in the chapter, “Germs, Anti-Germs & Shopping Cart Liners.”) But it’s nice when a new study comes along and explains WHY dirt and kids go so well together.
The more I continue the exploration into self publishing, or indie publishing as it's increasingly becoming known, the more writers I discover who've elected to go the indie root and the more resources I find on the subject. I'm left in no doubt that self-publishing is becoming both more acceptable and a far more viable option for many, albeit not all, writers - both those previously traditionally published and those who are unpublished. I'm also increasingly aware that self published authors are significantly upping their game, and thereby banging down the elements of elitism that sometimes lurk in the hallowed corridors of traditional publishing and amongst those who insist that if you're not traditionally published you're not a "real author". It seems it's open season and the games have begun.
If at morning o'er earth 'tis his fancy to run;
And what was the result of all of these social shenaningans?
While it's true that we are somewhat blessed in NYC with tons of pizza places, most serve awful slices of heart-rendingly bad oily dough piled high with cheap mozzarella cheese (insultingly called "mozzarell") and even cheaper toppings. This, to me, is an abomination.
I marvel at the sleek and minimalist appearance of my workspace now. Emphasis on "space" rather than "work" because on Friday the 13th at around 5:05 in the afternoon, I was dismissed from my job.
The latter one-year term is usually considered an absolute one esuring legal certainty for third parties and expires irrespective of the reasons for the failure observe a time limit.
Buy a man a beer and he wastes an hour. Teach a man to brew and he wastes a lifetime.
The Danish Prime Minister announced his intention to dissolve the government and step down from his position. Various key members of the Danish parliament struggled to put together an emergency caretaker government.
I guess maybe the Lord knows what he is doing after all.
739 ***D-X/31/1976. “The Plays of Gilbert and Sullivan.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 195-214, 450-54 (1983).)
Sir Allison (2009 dkb/br r by Roman Ruler o/o Silver Bullet Moon)
Like a worthless, horrible person.
(VAT quarterly if registered)
Last night, however, was one of the bad ones.
I did more Googleing regarding the time frame to expect zero ants coming into my home and got answere from 24 hours (already passed that mark) to a week. I'll keep the updates as long as there are battles to wage and a war to be won.
The man now announced that he would buy monkeys for $50! However, since he had to go to the city on some business, his assistant would now buy on his behalf.
HIV (in honor of the orhans with HIV)
February: Enjoyed herbs, a zucchini, a few cherry tomatoes and several capsicum.
Nevertheless, I can change her eye color and eye lids. Good enough for photos…
MessyCarla.
I really didn’t get to see much of the linebacker work today but one player did stand out as a pass rusher. Virginia’s Cam Johnson showcased very good quickness with his pass rush moves and absolutely burned Keleche Osemele with an up and under move, where Osemele wasn’t even able to get a hand on Johnson. This quickness, burst, and suddenness was extremely impressive and I will be watching Johnson much closer for the rest of this week because of it.
5. Family blessings.
encouraging 4 year olds to share is fun......
This is NOT a psychic reading, I don't usually see the future for my clients. I have clairsentience and strong intuition, and I'll use those to help you! Blocks to your growth will be more visible, helping you to release them, and BE in this moment more clearly, allowing you to move forward in a beneficial direction.
So in the end, there are four “good guy” races on Azeroth who haven’t yet done enough bad things to warrant becoming raid material: Gnomes, Draenei, Worgen, and Goblins. However, two of those appears pretty heavily in dungeons, as we’ll see tomorrow, leaving really a competition for nicest of the nice between Draenei and Goblins. I guess the scores will out who’s on top shortly.
75gr dark chocolate
It's the Lancaster Round Table Beer Festival, which is in its 22nd year. For the first time this year it will incorporate a beer competition – the Lancashire Cup.
Cross the pond and claim me,
exploration, of making up stories. Stories, film, sculpture,
“OK – what could you like for lunch – eggs, or cheese or bananas?”
As for this post? It’s all about my cat.
Tons of fun!
Kane has claimed Ortigas as his kingdom, while Arlan rules Malate with an iron fist. And if you happen to be caught on the wrong side at the wrong time … well, things might just get nasty.
Jaejoong gasped. “Oh my God… Su…” Jaejoong cry softly.
All you have to do is leave a comment on any (or all!) of the Girl Land Blog Hop Posts. Comments on the posts with prizes will be entered into the giveaway and on Friday, we'll announce the winners! You can comment on one or all 16 , the choice is totally yours!
We welcome book proposals on a wide variety of subjects including, but not limited to the following: anarchist history and theory broadly construed; individual anarchist thinkers; anarchist-informed analysis of current issues and institutions; and anarchist or anarchist-inspired movements and practices. Proposals informed by anti-capitalist, feminist, ecological, indigenous, and non-Western or global South anarchist perspectives are particularly welcome. So, too, are projects that promise to illuminate the relationships between the personal and the political aspects of transformative social change, local and global problems, and anarchism and other movements and ideologies. Above all, we wish to publish books that will help activist scholars and scholar activists think about how to challenge and build real alternatives to existing structures of oppression and injustice.
Am I an effective clergy person? Yes, and I even have the metrics to support that statement. But I am not effective because I have the metrics. I am effective because I chose to live from my call, being fully employed to the work of the Lord, preaching, teaching, mentoring, nurturing, leading, offering the Sacraments with grace and gratefulness, and doing all to the glory of God.
104 - Ross Baumgarten
Conventional diets often fail. Dieters skip meals or get discouraged. Don't go hungry! Include Mr. Wheat's Crispy Wheat as part of a healthy diet and regular exercise to help you reach your weight goals. Crispy Wheat provides you with a tasty, nutritious way to satisfy your midday (or midnight) hunger!
And from the looks of it, so did the sage.
I started reading these novels about the time that "H" was published, and consider myself a very big fan. Kinsey Millhone is a terrific character, combining traits of toughness, intelligence, vulnerability, confidence, and doubt. This novel brings us into the worlds of small-city mobsters, corrupt cops, loan sharks, and organized shoplifting rackets.
The bearded man is still lurking and Alison's friend,Susie, has returned from America with some startling news.I wonder what it is??
This has been a fantastic week at Clear and Simple Stamps. Two days ago, we released a TON of new product! Today the fun continues as I share more projects using our newly released stamps.
Both models feature new design and new equipment for comfort and safety. The goal is to keep the models as market leader in these categories of diesel vehicles.
Wings: Material Squirrel – Lorelle Fairy Butterfly Wings (Fantasy Faire)
There's sort of a fourth, which is that you have sent a good book to someone who just doesn't like it. That's bad luck and there is nothing you can do about editors' (or readers') tastes.
Thou wilt find a solace there.
UPDATE: On Old Beltane: Supermoon 2012 comes on May 5. The 'supermoon' is when a full moon coincides with the moon's closest approach to Earth. The supermoon will be 16 percent brighter than a normal full moon.
6. Starting a company is the same as building a product. Starting a company is only 50% of the work you’ll do, starting a company is also about bank accounts, building and managing a team, raising capital, paying taxes and getting insurance. The other stuff is a lot of work. As Jim Collins suggests in his book, bringing in the right team and having the right people on board can change a company from good to great, it applies in start ups as well. Building a company is not like building a product. Growing at the right stage is key to keeping at the right size at the right time, don’t be larger than seems right at the beginning, without testing out the ideas first. You should work hard but not long, or else you will burn yourself out. Remove distractions, be productive. Always be aware and you find that work and life blends into one state of consciousness. Watching people use your product, using it yourself in the field, these are all part of the process.
3. I've been known to confuse Lori Petty with Lily Taylor and Liv Tyler for no particular reason.
“Christ Our Model. . . . Is it possible really to be like Christ? Doubt and unbelief say, No. Faith says, Yes. God commands it, and therefore it must be possible. But how? Because we can have the same life, the same mind in us as was in Christ. . . . He will dwell in our hearts by faith, and our lives may thus become the expression of his own. I do not say that here we shall ever be like our model in measure or degree. But light is light. . . . A good definition of sanctification or holiness would be, conformity to his example. . . . Learn of Christ. Do not look to men. . . . It is said of the early disciples that the rulers ‘took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus.’ Moses had a shining face after he had been with God” (Moody, Golden Counsels, supra, pp. 17-20).
I want to drink the thousand things that I sift through the day, so I have dissolved like a grain of salt or sugar in the abundance of the waters of life.
When the lights caught them in all their rich disarray
And singing
The M4, a dank Friday evening.
“This is a spiteful move by them. It’s about protecting the ALP and protecting their own backsides. They should have taken action on Thomson and Williamson earlier and they didn’t and now they want to shoot me down.”
My iPhone was dead on Sunday, and I never charged it up. Not a single picture from Mother's Day! But, it was still a really sweet day. I woke up to a small crowd gathered around my bed with tart cherry jam on toast and coffee. Perfect. And all the children pitched their money in together to buy me a gift just from them this year. It was waiting for me on the kitchen table when I came down. A Twix bar and a Coke Zero. I felt so understood.
330 **5. "Going to School with Heroes: Plutarch's Heroes and the Divine." Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, July 13, 2000, p. 8, July 20, 2000, p. 8; also, December 2, 1999, p. 8, December 9, 1999, p. 8. (Sources: Item D-III/5/1999, below; Item C-1999(4), above, pp. 724-34.)
In his generosity God provides us with his Holy Spirit; we share the Gift from above. And we are made heirs of the Kingdom by being made one with Christ, who emptied himself to become one of us, to become our equal. Now he prays that our joy may be made full; that is, that it may achieve its perfection in the vision of God himself. It is in that blessed vision that our love find its
“I heard that you spoke with this Sharon Stone in Los Angeles,” said Cécile . “What kind of woman did she seem to you?”
a European chin,
A HUGE thanks to reader Jenny for this one! Jenny spotted a brand new Limited Edition collection of Wet n Wild bronzers (three different shades) at her local Meijer store recently and she kindly shared pics of the two shades she bought! (Jenny will be sending swatch photos tomorrow, so I'll be sure to post those--check back tomorrow night for them!)
Sorry, I was MIA last week. I had to travel to Long Beach, CA for work, but I'm back. I have lots of new recipes to post and will get to them this week. I had a rough travel day yesterday thanks to Mother Nature and thunderstorms along the East coast.
The bigger the bull, the bigger and quicker and thicker the bullshite falls.
Me: Corey, I was just talking to Brooke about your sex chicken.
So I can see it at my leisure , whenever things go wrong.
I am feeling slightly stressed and overwhelmed these days. So much to take care of on a daily basis. One son finishing up a couple of required courses to complete his official homeschooling days, another one who is taking matters into his own hands and working ahead without me (which is a good thing...just means I need to re-evaluate some of our homeschooling methods and order some curriculum to fit the needs of my highly independent learner), another child who would just spend the day reading and is having a hard time stepping over the threshold from childhood to young adulthood. There is another who due to speech delays is now having some reading delays. I see progress, but we need to be more consistent in working together. And then we have a three year old who thinks he is just as old as everybody else and must have planned activity to keep him occupied and to keep me sane. I'm in a time crunch (self-imposed) to finish up math courses and history so that we are ready to start new math levels after the holidays and start a new history curriculum as well.
That’s it. This will get better, I promise. It’s just I made myself do this before went to the pub and it’s way past beer o’clock now. Laters.
You may also do your own form, if you find this form too confusing. This is what I did the first time, but once you get the hang of it, you will have no trouble filling it! The DIY form should contain details that can be found here.
you greedy, gluttonous sod,
So there we go, a few suggestions of titles that are worth checking out if you’re new to the world of Playstation or just looking to start playing beyond FIFA and Call Of Duty online.
A March 12 Pew study showed that Democrats are far more likely that conservatives to disconnect from people who disagree with them.
I have started by moving some of the blue plastic out of site and gathering up the bags with compost that have been left sitting around and consolidating them into the compost heaps at the back. I have also been clearing brambles from along the back fence and consigning them to the council bin as they don't compost at all well.
Thanks so much for dropping by today - wishing you a wonderful Sunday.
In India one feels for the plight of the pedestrians in a manner that one feels for the war victims of Bosnia or Congo – with a vague sense of resentment against the unfair share of troubles that these poor victims have to suffer.
Mancini constantly claimed that United remained favourites for this championship even as Ferguson saw the eight-point advantage established on 8 April when City went down 1-0 at Arsenal subsequently dissolve.
Do they think I'm stupid?
-fatty foods (even good fats) as they speed up contractions in the intestines
But the constant,
If you'd truly intended to help or "improve" your future daughter-in-law, you know there are a dozen different better ways to have approached the perceived flaws in her character. No, this email was intended to hurt her and to make yourself feel better, plain and simple. As such, you are the one who should pull the stick out of your arse and apologize to the lady in question, as well as to your step-son.
Use Los Angeles as the city of origin or place to convert from.
emerges
Sherri Hill prom dresses that are chosen carefully are a stunner. They fit beautifully and harmonizes beautifully with your skin tone and eye color. Nevertheless, you need some beautiful prom jewelry as well as accessories to make your outfit perfect for the big evening ahead. What's more, having a well-maintained hands and feet will complete your look. Get both hands manicured, keep your fingernails trim and clean. For added beauty, make your fingernails appear dazzling with some nail polish. If you're going to be using open toe shoes, be sure to get a pedicure and choose the perfect color of polish that will flatter your gown.
I have been to Thailand many times but never get tired of this beautiful country, except one thing;
Gayle
And yet, the trade media and media research companies continue to ignore this story, and instead report on the sexier, trendier new media stories.
Similar Types In most of vary unique longest tail and supercilium avoid misunderstandings with other wrens. Where numbers of the eastern subspecies-group overlap with Carolina wren, misunderstandings possible. However, Bewick’s is not as colorful as Carolina, and the long, white-tipped, professionally moving longest tail of Bewick’s is diag­nostic. Expenses more time, slimmer than Carolina’s.
Erykah
Call upon me in the day of trouble; *
Xlibris topped the poll with 25% of the overall vote. Lulu was second with 19%, IUniverse third with 12% and tied in joint fourth, Booklocker and Outskirts Press. Honourable mentions also go to Authors-online and Mill City Press in fifth place.
When considered carefully, I've found three possible origins for our triangle. First and foremost, as the last in our circle of friends to procreate, we gained an incomprehensible amount of hand-me-down clothes, toys, and baby/toddler accessories. Bags of all of these things found their way into closets, guest rooms, and storage areas, leaking out slowly into the various play stations Carrie created when Amari was crawling her way around the world.
So 'fess up. Whether a term paper, a deadline, a big work project . . . what does it look like behind the scenes when your life ceases being "normal"?
Mayall: (Laughs) With shit? There is the possibility. We’ve done vomit now, excrement is quite wide open.
When I tell people I am about to leave the country to study abroad, people are always extremely excited, and immediately ask where I will be going. A simple reply of “Italy” is always followed by some form of “amazing! Which part?” In response to the blank stares that I often receive when answering “Siena,” I am including below a few facts and photos about the city in which I will be spending the next 4 months.
My truest aim is to base my worth in God’s love and that alone, but we all tend to be concerned with what those around us think of us.
Anyway, kudos kairosoft, for well and truly surprising me with your insanely fun little game about game development. Well Meta’d. I’ll be honest, I can already tell this probably isn’t going to have much replayability (had to start again, and already I’m feeling the numbing that is repetition), plus now that I know what is in later stages I think I’m obsessing a bit too much about planning for the best outcome, which isn’t good as that tends to just ruin the experience.
i am currently following my annual christmas orange diet (not so much a diet as a seasonal obsession - i'm on my fourth box in a month and i tend to eat up to 10 per day - is this normal? wait, don't answer that) but god knows the days of seasonal gorging are coming and i really really would rather not enter my fortieth year the way i entered the preceding bunch (with the notable exception of those 5 or so years in which i dramatically cut back my carbs, lost weight, kept it off and singlehandedly stopped all of my gastrointestinal issues**). i want to get in shape. i need to get in shape. and how does one do that when one fucking hates exercise?
Booktalk: Find out about the many roles leaves play in this poetic exploration of leaves throughout the year.
Its reddish rays
But when I first saw ‘Insaniyat’ I thought the chimp acted better and I couldn’t understand why my older cousins and uncles were going gaga over this actor called Dilip Kumar and his acting. But it was not long before Dilip Kumar burgled his way into my mind the way he had burgled his way into the hearts and mind of the entire nation.
saddened and disappointed.
Prieuré de St Julien, Hérault département, France
Some weeks the cards just seem to make themselves. Other weeks, it's a struggle to get something made. This has been one of the latter.
Jesus, though Satan’s temptations come about me in many forms and in different avenues, I resist the enemy’s desire to reside in my life and my love ones you have blessed me with. Even as the devil seeks to wrap his evil tentacles around my heart, I stand firm against him because You, Jesus, are the Protector of my soul, who stands guard at all times. I am grateful for the warning signals often repeated throughout the Bible that teach me about Satan’s strategy. Thank You for Your still, small voice regularly reminding me that I am a child of God purchased by Your life-giving blood. May everything that passes before my eyes and all activities I engage in reflect the light of Your redeeming love within me. It is through Your power that I resist the devil and stand firm in the faith. I will continue to seek you and give you the praise and the glory for as long as you breathe life into my lungs. I will continue to worship you even after this life. Seeking eternity with You Jesus.
With less than 3.5 million people spread unevenly across a million square kilometres, and incomplete mobile or land line coverage, communications can not be taken for granted. For lower income families – the group most affected by social issues and therefore most expected to attend mass protests – poverty and low adult literacy complicate communication efforts still further. All this weighs heavily against civil society organization and can prevent a movement benefiting from natural momentum without significant and sustained effort.
Quirky. Caring. Spontaneous.
Quinn isn’t dead
*However, another possible crack in the Don/Megan marriage arises when Don tells Megan about Betty’s condition. She’s shocked he didn’t tell her sooner, while then asking if he thought she’d be happy about it. His look betrays his true feelings.
dried roses
The Gerson therapy also requires patients to drink raw calf’s liver juice, believed to aid the liver, and advocates frequent coffee enemas (thought to help the body evacuate toxins).
the list is endless!
But many other sequences are merely filmed recreations (complete with some obvious CGIs) that serve merely as moments in this man's life. It's a little like flipping through a deck of cards - when you're finished, what did you accomplish? When you think about the way that Eastwood told the heartbreaking story of Japanese and American soldiers in Letters from Iwo Jima (2006), you can hardly believe this is the same filmmaker.
Those seated at the bar, including Hal Needham who had directed “Smokey and the Bandit,” a 1977 hit comedy starring Burt Reynolds, had no idea of the threatening message the impromptu act telegraphed. But I’m sure the counselor did.
In the amalgam of all these different people lie the cultural treasures of Coorg–the customs, the dresses and the Peechekati (traditional dagger).
Antelope Hills Park, Murrieta
AHHHH - Motorcycle
Lindamood Award: Karen Rose's "The Sentinel" - oil on linen canvas
Everyone scrampered along and Miss 'Petra was finally freed from the wire prison before following her stylist into her dressing room.
So, it will be doubly disheartening for Taib that not only has his dirty contract with FBC Media been exposed and shown to have entailed a large number of illegal activities on the part of that company, but that his latest critics in the Ecologist are distinctly linked to the Conservative Party instead.
Lightly fry the onion, garlic & chorizo in a glug of olive oil, for around 10 minutes (until onion is transparent and softish)
But the fifth strength Gallup’s assessment identified — indeed, my TOP strength — was Input. Input is defined as “the constant collection of information or objects for future use.” That did surprise me. Sure, I’m a pack rat, but how did that translate into a strength?
We express our sincere thanks to Jody Williams, Web Site Task Force Chair and her Committee: Carole Ely, Wendy Hollender, Pat Jonas, Derek Norman, Cynthia Rice, Deborah Shaw and Alice Tangerini. Our thanks also go to many others who have worked on content especially Bobbi Angell and Myra Sourkes. CHIPS – NY has proven to be an exceptional partner in the design and development of the site and we look forward to continuing to work with them on subsequent phases of the project. We will be sending thank you letters to the Hunt Institute, who so graciously hosted our website for years, providing the genial expertise of Frank Reynolds. We look forward to continuing our close relationship with the Hunt. And finally, we thank the nearly 75 members whose donations to last year’s Annual Appeal provided the funding to make this possible.
and then he asked me why the sky is blue.
What is the purpose of the church? How about this?
Oily hair is a common complaint among teenagers. Because of excess sebum production our hair is oily. This leaves the hair greasy and unattractive.
The reason that this most important reunion is taking place in Stanley Park is, it turns out, that Jeremy’s father has taken up residence there – moved in amongst his subjects to better observe them, and to understand what they have to contribute to his “great Work-In-Progress,” a study of “the connections between people and the places they call their own.” “Participatory anthropology,” he calls it. “Quite beyond immersion.” “The next step, really.” An understandably skeptical Jeremy (and reader) is left to wonder if his father’s “next step,” has carried him right off the deep end.
"Do you have any resolutions?" I asked.
Supports all Americans being covered by health care. NO
Recently I wrote a post called Hunger Games about my battle with weight. In it I spoke a lot about “I don’t know why I eat bad foods all the time”. It was basically a bit of a pitty party, me going “Wahh wah wah, I eat bad food all the time and I don’t know why”. Well today I would like to be honest with myself and with you. I know why I eat bad food all the time, I have known for a while. I know why I self sabotage myself at every opportunity. I have been pretending like I am the victim and I don’t know why this is happening to me but I feel like I need to be honest if I am ever going to stop this vicious cycle.
There we shall enter in
Where is YOUR wardrobe?"I also shy away from features
In separate pan take some of bacon fat drippings and sauté with one cup cherry tomatoes cut in half, 1/2 tsp sugar, and 1/4 cup leeks. After leeks are wilted add 1:4 cup dry white wine to deglaze pan and then add one cup of low sodium chicken broth. Add 1 tsp red wine vinegar cooked Bacon that you have sliced up to sauce, add cooked pasta and then 1 cup fresh spinach. The end result was a bit sweet for me so I added some salt and pepper and topped with fresh grated Romano cheese*.
All things considered it was a very decent event. I'm definitely looking forward to seeing what they put together next time around.
Who are those hooded hordes swarming
I will still continue posting pictures of my Civil War Jane blocks here.
I am so glad this designer paper is staying, Twitterpad! It is so pretty. I made this card using Baja Breeze and the NEW Bitty Banners Framelits coming to you June 1! Oh and wait till you use the NEW foam ink pads...you will fall in LOVE! The coverage is unbeatable; can't wait till I can get more of the classic colors.
#14 Warren Buffett on the problems in the eurozone: "The system as presently designed has revealed a major flaw. And that flaw won’t be corrected just by words. Europe will either have to come closer together or there will have to be some other rearrangement because this system is not working"
Note how the picture looks a little distressed or worn looking. I actually kinda dig it, so I don't have a problem with it. I really don't know if it's possible to get a perfect transfer of ink. So just bare that in mind should you decide to try this out on your own. A vintage/rustic look can/should be expected.
When this detox is over, I think this would be extra delicious with a bit of goat cheese crumbled in to melt a little ~ now I am drooling.
2. Add 4 tablespoons of water per apple
Dr. Myles Munroe says that if you walk down the street and run into some guy you haven't seen in five years and the man starts talking to you about the same stuff he spoke about when you last saw him five years ago, turn around and walk away, because the man is stagnated in the past. If you don't know who Myles Munroe is, its time to found out who he is, because irrespective of whether you're a Christian, a Muslim, an Atheist or a Pagan he is worthy of respect, you could actually learn something from him.
In fact, I will go so far as to say, if you are only going to write a few articles and then quit, you might as well not write or submit any articles. Article marketing is extremely powerful, but it is most powerful when there is a cumulative effect, and that cumulative effect takes time and multiple articles and submissions.
(Julie, don't even pretend you aren't reading
4. He doesn't look like Mel Gibson (FTR I think Mel Gibson is a jerk. But in 1995 I felt otherwise. Read on.)
The boy took his machete,
Bring me my Bow of burning gold;
Your best friend: CK
It should be a fabulous (and raucous!) weekend - gird your loins Petit Villagers - the Aussies are on their way!
In order to qualify, business must be discussed before, during, or after any meal deducted. The surroundings must be conducive to business discussion. For instance, a small or quiet restaurant would be an ideal location for a business dinner. Be careful of locations that include ongoing floor shows or other distracting events that inhibit business discussions. Prime distractions are theater locations, ski trips, golf courses, sports events, and hunting trips.
And as a side note, some not-so-nice person decided to open apparently a fake wordpress blog called The Burton Review, using my old domain which I lost several months ago due to Google technical errors. It has been a nightmare, and I almost wanted to give up the blog altogether I have been so frustrated with these domain issues.
Well done lads!
So is twitter a ban or a boon? It is a fantastic medium to spread important messages in case of emergencies, natural calamities and during terror strikes. Again when some misinformation is doing the rounds about any larger-than-life figure, it is the fantastic tool to clear the air by tweeting his/her side of the story.But sometimes people misuse this platform by creating false accounts impersonating well-known personalities and spite venom. This doesn’t go on forever as the fake get exposed sooner than later and the accounts get suspended.
Running Total - 424
Thank you for coming to see me, Jenny and Laura.
I guess you could say that even though I miss having my oven at times, having it is obviously not high on my priority list...
Messing K, et al. Be the fairest of them all: Challenges and recommendations for treatment of gender on occupational health. Am J Ind Med 2003; 43: 618-629.
Wiping them away with a finger, Jason stooped down to kiss me, and said, ‘I’m not going away, Scarlet.’ He pulled me closer to him. ‘And neither are you.’
3. What’s more attractive? A man in a suit, or a man in uniform? If we’re talking about a football or baseball uniform, I’d choose that, but guys in suits (think Don Draper) are nice to look at, too.
In any event, keep watching, keep self-advocating, and keep at your Tribal leadership to also make calls to D.C. on behalf of the young people in the community.
The first or ‘Community’ pillar contains the EU’s core policy areas such as the environment, single market and employment law.
Blog picked was #1 so that makes it the PEACHY KEEN STAMPS BLOG
Hope you like it and are inspired to create! Please check out the challenge and play along with us over at Create with Connie and Mary.
Rui, in the second season, describes Domyouji as an animal. This is true in many ways, but I like this description because it encompasses what makes him so pure. I don’t mean pure in a moral sense, obviously, but pure in his convictions. He doesn’t waver, or question himself when it comes to certain things. He will do anything for the rest of F4 and for Makino because that is what a man does. His instincts are to protect his own, even when it’s dangerous, no matter the consequences. Because of his upbringing and lack of development, he has clarity of conviction and a child-likeness. This is what makes his love for Makino so intense and so different from Rui’s.
I'm featuring a terrific JustRite font set for my bookmark/tags. It's called MyriadPro and it's a 95pt font so it's nice and large. Great font for scrapbooking or to create big bold words that really make a statement. I cut it out with Labels 8 Nesties and added some sponging to soften it a bit. I colored with Copics, added some Dazzling Diamonds for sparkle and then added some Polar White Flower Soft to the snowmen's bodies. Here's a close up.
In 2010, Ms. Johnson and Ms. Bacon sold a stake in the business to Boston-based private equity firm Castanea Partners. Steven Madden came into the picture that same year after the company breached loan covenants and was forced to restructure its debt. Steven Madden holds a 10% stake in the company and owns its intellectual property, and Castanea holds the remaining 90% stake.
I am still having my breasts cut off on Tuesday. But my kids are IT. I will fight for them and advocate for their health as long as I am alive...my own shit...not so much...
Fireman and I had been texting and chatting for two or three weeks. Being a fireman is what he does ‘for fun’ and to be involved in his community. In his day job he is an IT systems analyst. He has several degrees. A masters in psychology. He went to university on a swimming scholarship, still holds several records in his home state from his high school years, and he went to the Olympic trials in Atlanta. (Most of this he didn’t tell me, as he is surprisingly humble… I found out when I googled him.) Oh, and did I mention he is HAWT!?! All six feet two inches of him are gorgeous.
Would you recognize that I was neither here nor there?
Vamana measures out his first pace and it spans the skies, his second pace spans the netherworld, covering all. Astounded and realizing that Vamana’s third pace would cover Earth, possibly destroying it and with it his kingdom and his people, King Mahabali offers Vamana his head for the third and final step to save his people. Before banishing the King to the netherworld with his third pace Lord Vishnu grants Mahabali a boon. The King asks to return from exile once a year. It is this homecoming of its beloved king each year that the state of Kerala marks as the beginning of the Malayalam calendar, coinciding with August-September in the Gregorian Solar calendar.
2. Add in the meat. Add some water. Cook until almost tender.
I use pieces of lasagne sheets instead of dhoklis. Since we all know that pasta tastes great in tomato sauce I simply boil these 'lasagne dhoklis' in the simplest Indian gravy - onions, tomatoes and whole spices. Though I make these as a side dish for rotis, I find that the dish can be had as a filling soup by itself and is an easy dish to cook for one person also.
Gee, I might use this for a book report if I ever need to send one in.
Though not a traditional guacamole, it definitely provides a welcome twist. My search is finally over!
The “What About Free Speech, Man?” Response
Top-act Sigur Rós collaborates with Belgian photographer Eva Vermandel
What Michael meant is that it's crucial to go to the place where beer or whisky is made to understand it. I finally went to Scotland for the first time just last month, and Scotch whisky makes much more sense to me, even though I've been drinking it for years. I went to Köln and Düsseldorf in January to get my own personal understanding of kölsch and altbier. I've been to Kentucky a number of times, including 12-hour helldrives to save money. I went to Bamberg, I went to Aying, I went to Andechs. I'm planning a trip to Ireland, and a trip to Belgium. And it's all because of Michael Jackson.
The lady (widow) actually didn’t: “have nothing”… It’s about perspective: She actually DID have a small jar of oil. (If only she knew, like we do, what came later in the life of Jesus: a little boy offered Him 2 fish and 5 loaves and He fed five thousand people?)
I don't have time this morning to write anything meaningful. Today I will need every drop of composure to get through all the volumes of corrections I need to make. It is particularly frustrating because I used what other people gave me, and now they are sending e-mails (copied to every big shot they could think of) with lists of corrections. Cool.
LOL! Yes, we literally wrestled in a room at the Customer Service Counter. Rody – my hot and handsome supervisor cashier I told you about in previous post which I had to hide for God’s sake – he is crazy! After knowing the real him, I don’t think he is any handsome. He is fashionable, a fact that no one can deny but .. his craziness is more appealing. He is a year younger than me so I treat him more like a baby than a friend. But I do not wrestle other ‘real’ babies, you know? Just this crazy one who is an old-but-younger-than-me baby. Haha! If only you get me ..
At MGI, James has led research on areas including, growth, productivity, competitiveness, labor markets, and technology and its impact on business and the economy. Much of this work has appeared in journals, books and the op-ed pages of leading news papers and business publications. He has also published a book on distributed networks and decentralized decision theory and numerous academic papers.
Whilst there is humour in some of the commercials and this is used to highlight the product, a great deal of commercials follow the current marketing adage: present a problem, then present the solution. This is in theory pretty sound and I guess it must work, otherwise it would not be used so much. But I always have in the back of my mind, a grinding suspicion that they are mainly trying to sell to idiots.
Article first published online: 24 AUG 2011
He was the last of the generation of Australians with really bad teeth. By the time he entered the profession himself, flossing, fluoride and improvements in diet had done wonders for our dental health.
Made myself a Tuna Mayo sandwich with Whole Wheat Bread for lunch around 15-20mins after we finished the exercising routine.
Tay Zonday totally knows where it’s at.
We are being blinded by science.
By: Robert Louis Steveson
This is David Cummings alias The English Gaucho polishing my boots ready for the ride
Recently, I heard many states are cutting cursive handwriting from the curriculum.
“Dare me.”
You see, I'm working on (and clearly thought I would have completed by now) a jaunty little post about the great trend I saw with 'colour' at High Point Market this last week. My little digital camera is practically full-to-bursting with brightly printed textiles . . . and rooms saturated with bright hues.
New Ringtones.
And when it is not being used at all, it folds down flat.
Christmas car magnets measure 2" wide x 5" tall and are clearly visible from several feet away. Magnets are sold in packs of 10, 15, 20, or 30 (discounts on bulk orders available). Each pack will contain 5 unique colors:
Abdul-Baha says:
Now, of course I never pay any attention to DR — or for that matter its sibling TV2 — knowing that they are nothing but wireless ladies’-magazines with the occasional BBC-style biased news thrown in. But this evening was different.
Now before you take a gander, please keep in mind, I am very, very, mechanically challenged. I can't put together kits, paper crafts, etc. So, this, my friends is an accomplishment!
forget to take advantage of the
There is so much to discuss when dealing with this work, and I won't attempt to cover it all here, but I will begin by arguing a little bit with the Daily Serving blogger. The article posits that "Urns of this vintage are usually cherished for their anthropological importance. By employing them as readymades, Ai strips them of their aura of preciousness only to reapply it according to a different system of valuation....Working in this manner, Ai transforms precious artifacts—treating them as base and valueless by painting, dropping, grinding, or slapping with a logo—into contemporary fine art." Certainly, Ai's actions treat these cherished object as base and valueless. They undergo cheap processes of being painted or destroyed unbefitting the value they have been assigned by our culture. But do these actions truly strip the objects of their aura or rather do they magnify that aura? In the end, the painted and crushed and broken urns do not function as objects independent of their original identity -- they function BECAUSE of their original identity. We gain an added layer of consideration, as viewers, when confronted with the altered urns, but that consideration relies on a primary consideration of the objects' intended purposes and calls on our deep social attachments to the myth of these objects. They become even more precious because our reaction to these works is initially to believe that they are being mistreated. Therefore, Ai cannot divorce the aura from the object - and from looking at the work, I'm not really sure that was even his intention.
Plenty of others, like Liz and Joe Ocasio, were there to celebrate the outcome of the week-long trial.
So far, 2012 has been an extraordinary year. Intensely busy, extremely gratifying and filled with overwhelming love and emotion. Two months in, I can't wait to see what the rest of the year has in store.
Some ribbon and lace scraps
By Rupal Parekh
Toast baguette pieces in 400F oven for 5-7 minutes, or until lightly toasted. You could brush with olive oil beforehand if you like. Remove from oven.
The metal mercury.
Now, I do believe that others have just as much right to defend themselves as I do, but I can't necessarily assume responsibility for all those who don't take any steps towards assuming responsibility for themselves. A large part of why I became a firearms instructor years ago was, and is, to help others safely protect themselves and their families while promoting firearm safety and the second amendment.
Home business to make sure you home business is really an abbreviation just for b2b. These sort of operate platforms really are learning a fabulous tops status with their financial success. All of the time manufacturing businesses, suppliers and additionally exporters home business dealings by means of other sorts of connections choosing filled benefit for all the business for b2b portal time. The software makes possible to make sure you speak approximately couple of and better put up dwellings. The software gives you many alternate options to make sure you individuals.
Tennant is no stranger to the Bard's works, having worked extensively for the Royal Shakespeare Company with appearances in As You Like It, Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Me: " Long.."
* Draw a picture like you did when you were a child
We thought we'd made progress with Sandra, but then she became pregnant in 8th grade and moved to live with her boyfriend and his family. They eventually married and had another baby girl in addition to their first born son.
MY LOVE TO ALL IN AMERICA
7:00 AM, 1st May 2012 Greater Family (Indoor) Swimming Pool, Lower Tank Bund, Hyderabad.
“My.” Listen to me. I pour my heart out last night and I’m already labeling you with pronouns.
Closing Date: 4:00PM March 23, 2012
I've brewed another batch of Saison with yeast from the Short's Nicie Spicie-inspired brew. I tried something I haven't done before and fermented and dry hopped in the primary only. The result so far is interesting; not that much additional hop aroma (left the hops in for about five days) but perhaps some additional hop flavor. I expected less hop aroma that dry hopping in the secondary, but I was surprised by the perceived increase in hop flavor compared to my hydrometer sample that I tasted a few days earlier. I dry hopped with Styrian Goldings so the nose is slightly spicy. The bittering and other flavoring hops were Strisselspalt, Chinook and Amarillo Gold. The rest of the recipe can be found here.
doors are locked and he is chained to my desk :o)
I heartily welcome Obama's new stance on gay marriage, despite what others have said about his flip-flopping on the issue, from, say, two days ago. He's really shown his mettle on this one, evolving from his previous position on marriage. Whatever he said about marriage in the past, he now stands in solidarity with gays. I don't believe any of the rumors that he's changed his position on gay marriage just so he can hold election fundraisers in Los Angeles and New York City. He's standing on solid ground with this one. However, the Los Angeles Times is worried about Obama, thinking that his new stance on gay marriage is "risky." (Those editors over there are such tools. Cher was right to call them a bunch of Right Wing Racist Homophobic Women Hating Tea Bagger Masters who are pulling for Mitt Romney.) There's hardly anyone left in the US who doesn't believe in gay marriage, except for those bigots in North Carolina, who passed an amendment to define marriage between a man and a woman with 61% of the vote.
- The USB connector is terrible. There is a 4-prong clip that hooks up to the back of the watch, which is used for charging and uploading data to the computer. There’s a lot of leeway so one can never be sure that the watch is hooked up properly. It’s not impossible; I can usually hook it up in less than a minute, but it often takes me at least 3 tries to get it hooked up. I know the higher end models have wireless ANT+ technology, so this might be a reason to choose those watches over the 210. However, it’s really not that big of a deal and frankly not worth the difference in price (to me anyway).
During its absence, hundreds of Donut Den customers expressed their wish to see the sign returned. Brookside was not deaf to the outpour of requests. After much deliberation, the property owners opted to restore, rather than replace, the glowing Green Hills attraction. After a few coats of fresh paint and some much needed TLC, the famous sign was returned to its proper location. The Dutch boy had never looked better.
I hold the line
Run Lola Run (Germany) directed by Tom Tykwer
My sweet angel girl. I love her.
Apparent love story, Adrian is from Malaysia, went to the US for school, met Erika, kidnapped her and brought her back to slave on the cookie farm.
Walthamstow Assembly Halls, London, United Kingdom
Though the last time I employed them... well..we ended up with you!"
A global crime against humanity
If you visit a flea market or antiques store, ask for 20% off the marked price. Again, bring your checkbook and sweeten the deal by allowing the merchant to avoid the credit card processing fee and pass the savings onto you. Even when you’re paying by credit card, requesting a 10% – 20% discount on original art, furs and high-end jewelry allows the merchant to move product that might otherwise languish and saves you money. You’ll be so proud of yourself!
These are the world’s 50 best restaurants:
Focuses on social interaction. Social butterflies require immediate access to their friends no matter the time or place. They regularly maintain and update social networking sites, work with photos online and watch videos sent from other users.
I climbed a hill. It looked steep and long, but I didn't care. There must be a view to behold at the top. I climbed up two dead end streets and had to double back. But, I made it to the top, and I saw nothing. Massive stone walls on both sides of the streets, no view to speak of. I chose a different street on the way down. It was narrow of course, but no sidewalks. It had gutters of flat stone laid in a concave shape. Whenever a car drove by, I had to gingerly step in, holding onto the wall for balance. Downhill was even steeper, and I'm still feeling it in my ankles.
First of all I need to join a running club. Running solo won’t make me a better runner, I need to be in a club. The fact that I can’t commit to running x number of days a week with a club and sometimes have to resort to using the treadmill (which are “rubbish” apparently and won’t do me any good) means that I don’t have the commitment to improve. Jack used to run every day, running 100 miles every week. That is commitment.
High carbohydrate diets are defined because those being about 50 to 60 per cent of total calories, a great deal in line with the American Diabetic issues Association’s recommendations, whereas supporters of the minimal carbohydrate diet commonly suggest which just about 20 % of calories ought to be from carbohydrates.Certainly much analysis supports the case for lower carbohydrate consumption and also the American Diabetes Association (ADA) has by itself carried out research that obtained results, stated on by them, which verified the effectiveness of the carbohydrate limited diets. However, the ADA maintains its position upon the higher carbohydrate approach, declaring which theirs is a diet that is much more probably to be followed by the individual diabetic over the long-term however that the low carbohydrate approach becomes less appealing and also less likely to be accompanied after its initial period of implementation.The thing was actually discussed and also debated newly at a symposium held throughout the 45th Annual Meeting of the European Organization for the Study of Diabetes in which it was stated it is never the science regarding the diet that is controversial but it is the policies proclaimed by the national diabetic issues associations that is controversial.
The rider, in this case, our Economy, ends up on the far side of the handlebars. And when that happens, the various riders will likely experience difficulty in meeting their credit card bills, their car loans and, yes, their mortgages.
Linicin Prevention Spray is a head lice repellent that avoids head lice infestation in an efficient and safe. There are even numerous chemicals shampoos for killing the insects. One way to get rid of them is to raise the issue of dust in your home. Numerous, from experience, will tell you that head lice evolve to survive. To eliminate rid of lice eggs are great ingredient vinegar.
I propose below some ways in which Christians may restore Christmas to its proper meaning and by further result, re-remember the art of gift-giving throughout the year. As always, these are suggestions.
Whew... while I'm so thankful to Sparky for posting a little update for me last night, I must say that he REALLY needs to stop moving things on me. And The Hubs and I would really LOVE to find out where Sparky hid his wedding ring over 5 years ago! *sigh*
Today's card is one I am so proud of! I took a little risk with the color combination, but it turned out so awesome!
You let go and you watched me fall
~ Danika Cooley
All of us will have had moments of clarity like this; epiphanies, revelations, call them what you will. With me, after a three year period when I'd been unable to write a single poem, it was sitting down and writing two novels back to back in a matter of a few short months. As Lehrer puts it:
It is amazing! I am still amazed. I would highly recommend discussing LASIK with your eye doctor if you are sick and tired of wearing contacts and/or glasses. The procedure was so easy and the doctor and his staff were absolutely wonderful. I can’t express enough how their attitude and caring demeanor made this experience that much better. I would recommend Rosenbaum Eye & Laser Center one hundred times over to anyone as the staff there truly played a huge part in making this such an easy and amazing experience.
My cock was drooling and throbbing and heavy with lust. As the kiss deepened I felt as if I was drinking cool water in the parching sun. I sucked in her desire like it was going to keep me alive, and it was. I drank it in big gulps as I held her and drained her of all distraction leaving her panting in desire.
And now I’ll give a very general gist of what happens: An unemployed advertising executive (Mota) who invented the slogan for Coca-Cola (“La Chispa de la Vida” or in English, The Spark of Life) has a bad interview and decides to leave Madrid to go to Cartagena (which has a special meaning for him and his wife (Hayek). When he finds the place he wanted to go to has been converted into a Roman theatre and museum, he finds himself in a rare incident and tries to exploit the media to gain more money than he could while employed. Although the story seems strange, it is really relevant to the economic crisis.
After we were married we celebrated the 22nd of every month for the first year. And after June 22, 2004 we just celebrate our wedding anniversary with a card.
Fast paced, gameboy themed, steampunkish, retro SHMUP.
First, what is a “zero sum” game?
The food was alright but what I enjoyed the most was the size of the drink. If you order a coke, you get a pint, unlike in Europe where you would get a single measure. As we headed back to the car, I stopped off to use the toilets. As I approached the car, my new friends demonstrated their brilliant sense of humour by driving off. However, they quickly saw the error of their ways and stopped to let me in as we continued our drive.
Twilight Alehouse ( a future B Side to I Know What I Like (In Your Wardrobe))
There has to be an end!
So, how do you wear a faux fur vest? Any way you want, as long as you wear it with confidence.
It has been awhile since I have done one of these... Here is a flier for a show that Yes Sensei's original drummer set up in his back yard. It was a lot of fun. A beautiful Long Island summer outdoors show with solid tunes. If I remember Davecat's mom fired up the barbecue too which was always stellar. Man, did Yes Sensei miss moving its practices to Dare where there was not any barbecue to be had. Davecat threw a drum stick at Paul at this show for forgetting how to play the then just new tune "Progress is Dead" which is one of the few times I have seen Paul genuinely pissed off.
Within ten minutes I’d established the group and posted to my primary Facebook page extending the invitation. By the end of the day more than seventy people had asked to join the cruise. We are now approaching 200! Most of my guests have chosen the names of real people who traveled on the Titanic. They’ve posted photos, comments, and much more. We’re utilizing networking sites like Pinterest to collect photos. What fun! And speaking of photos, you should see the dresses, shoes and hats my passengers plan to wear aboard the ship. We’re having a delightful time shopping for our time aboard the great luxury liner.
We both bent our heads to our tasks and worked steadily until lunch when Becca would join us. I was working on locating Troy the beginning place of the Trojan War and was very surprised when I learned it was located in Turkey, not Greece.
Get ready for HUGE news! The PS22 Chorus of 2010 is going to be singing at tomorrow night's National Tree Lighting Ceremony in Washington D.C.! The kids will be performing a holiday song with hip-hop legend, Common, as well as closing the ceremony with a few holiday selections!! Also expected to perform are Jordin Sparks, Sheryl Crow, Ray LaMontagne, and more! American Idol judge Randy Jackson will be hosting the festivities, and according to the Associated Press, President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will be on hand to light the tree!!
I think a large part of all this has to be related to the social acceptance of online dating. As I was telling Rita earlier today online dating is very similar to a job search. You read a whole bunch of descriptions, you apply for the ones that seem like they sort of seem like a fit, for every 10 you send out you hope to get at least 1 interview. After that interview you decide if you want to pursue the second round and after you receive the offer you need to examine it and then decide if it’s something worth pursuing. That being said and the vast amount of online dating I have decided to put together a list of all the things that I believe you should know and read before you start online dating
Well, the price, for one. The sellers paid $4+ and clearly just poured money into the project so I think the assessor’s estimate of $3.9 million is way off base. But how off base? I really can’t tell. My gut tells me this is not going to sell for $8 million, not now and probably not even in a better market but if I had eight million burning a hole in my pocket I’d certainly want to see this house. I’m guessing $6.5, eventually, but that’s just a guess. I wouldn’t be surprised if it sold for more, or less – someone is going to love this house and its location, it’s just a question of how much they’re willing to pay to express that love.
Allow me to exaggerate. The Gillard government is doing itself more damage than Abbott could ever hope to hand them. I’m not talking specifically about the Peter Slipper fiasco here. I’m talking about everything. Pretty much every decision they have made, every action they have taken since they scraped back into power last time, or arguably since they cut down Kevin Rudd, has been calculated to lower not just the standing of the government of the day, but the standing of the party for a generation. Hmm, I know that was exaggeration, and yet it didn’t feel like it.
Onions and garlic at the ready, 2012 is go!
From an orientation for fruition
But why?
Needless to say, this apologetic specimen did not have us instantly on the phone ordering thousands more poorly-designed writing implements.
“As an added level of protection, waiting periods of up to 15 months are required before fruit and vegetable crops may be harvested after treated sewage biosolids are applied.”
How about you? What are your Spring Break plans?
Klaus appeared to be responding to the address of the Swiss president of the General Assembly, Joseph Deiss, who said on Thursday at the opening of the annual gathering of world leaders in New York that it was time for the United Nations to "comprehensively fulfill its global governance role."
girl has two flies in her face.
14) Driving, crossing the street, and any other road-related activities mean you're putting your ass on the chopping block. Traffic laws are more like traffic advice... that no one ever takes. Avoid the perilous street at all costs.
I love Polly Jean with the fire of a million suns. This song, the title track from her 2011 Mercury Prize winning album, is all sweet little girl vocals, Casio keyboard chords, and autoharp, but it works so beautifully together you can’t help but love every moment of it.
Spring is here again and right now is the moment to begin heating up your stylishness! Match nature’s burst of springtime color and let loose a bold, lively you!
Even more tragic is the Australian Navy’s new camo.
* Uppsala University (Sweden)
I have somewhat of a beef with technology. Despite the fact that I've had access to computers since my early elementary school days, consisting of my playing endless games of The Oregon Trail (this might be where my love of "life on the prairie" started), I still feel that I don't quite "get" technology.
Often people will give up when they lose money and that is why they will never be successful with PPC. Those who are successful will not give up but instead will tweak their ads and their landing pages and continue to make changes until they increase their click through rate and conversion rates. Even though they lose money in the beginning, once they make a few changes here and there and get those click through rates and conversion rates high, then they will soon make that money back and much more. Soon they will have a campaign that is making them money on autopilot.
everything and everyone made by God.
Easy Chocolate Pudding
I'm not exactly sure how much Beckham weighs, but somewhere in the neighborhood of 14 pounds. Yes, a little chunky monkey! He has big blue eyes, still has some red in his hair with some new blonder growth coming in on top, and is such a sweetheart!
Make sure to come back on Saturday and take a look. Have fun creating!!
Art. 16: After the filing of the case, the case-handling staff should promptly carry out investigations, and demand the person with statutory burden of proof to put his proof within the time limit appointed by the copyright administrative management entities.
- Weed mat
Exploring the world really feels like progress. At first, the map is mostly blank, giving you only an outline of the world. As you travel around, landmarks and regions start appearing on your map.
I have begun to write for a small local magazine - so I suppose you could say I have a column!!!
3 donors
We really needed the no pressure relaxation that we have had most of the time, and we will get back into the exercise routine after we get home Sunday. (Monday will be tiring and probably a little painful.) I have been ruminating about a few serious topics for blog posts, though I confess that my readership has shrink so much that it sometimes feels futile. I really am writing for those in my family who may still be interested in what I have to say/
"It's for you, David. On the house." So, she had recognized them after all.
"We got the lemonade!" Abby yelled. "Get over here, it's photo time."
Personally, i am forever dedicated to working with God, to bringing a change in Nigeria. Whatever he asks me to do, i will do. And i don’t have to be scared about anything like an assasination because if God sends me He will keep me from the evil one until the job He wants to be done is done. I believe in the royal priesthood(Revelation 5:10) of all true christians, and i believe in the immesurable, unlimited, and surpassing greatness of the power of God in and for those who believe in Him(Ephesians 1:19). My prayer to God in these times is: Will You be angry with us forever? Will You prolong Your anger and disfavor and spread it out to all generations? Will You not revive us again, that Your people may rejoice in You? Show us Your mercy and loving-kindness, O Lord, and grant us Your salvation.(Psalm 85:5-8)
David Sutton – Clinically Dead
In a desperate bid to cover up reality and truth, the scripted drama was given publicity. Adding to this was the prop of a hastily procured Delhi HC directive forbidding the circulation/ telecast/ broadcast of the sex CD.
Preheat the oven to 170°C then bake them 9 to 15 minutes and let them cool on a tray before filling them.
Anywhooooo…like promised..time to get along with accepting and giving out these wonderful awards!!
It occurred to me a few days ago that this week’s Archdruid Report essay will be posted on a date that future generations may remember, at least in passing. One year from now is December 21, 2012, a date onto which quite a few people have piled extravagant labels and grand expectations, but which will get a different moniker after the fact; the one I have in mind is Nothing Happened Day.
Yesterday, the Broom and Hawthorne in Bloom had snowflakes dusting the petals. And all the shrubs in the garden had their heads drooping under heavy cristal raindrops.
One of the ways I like to use the signs and posters on these sites is to make matching games for early readers (match the word Monday to Monday) or to make concept books by laminating all of the posters or signs in a set and binding into a book.
farewell dear, there is nothing here
I've been treated so wrong
Back to this married man's house
Whenever I finish a crazy quilt project, Scott always asks me if it reached "weight requirements". LOL!!! Yes, I use a lot of embellishments so my cq pieces are quite heavy!
It didn’t affect my decision to self-publish, but I do think that it has a lot of implications for writers. Those writers who want to succeed long term will have to do the same things successful writers have always done – write the best books they can; revise them until they are as close to perfect as they can be and use the services of editors and proofreaders.
Good Monday, everyone! My gosh, those Valentines you guys created for GM36 were AMAZING! Simon Says Stamp will choose the winner soon and post the name on their blog, and I'll edit this post with the link as soon as I have it!
1 lb. mushrooms, diced or sliced
5. "Mickey Mouse Is Dead" – 2:44
The sky is becoming 'that' shade of blue
One piece of advice Paul perhaps would give the Christian in a western democracy today (that he could not give a second century Roman: use the power of free speech and the power of your vote to promote Christian values in your government and society. The United States Constitution is based upon freedom- freedom of speech, of association, and of religion. But forces of darkness are always working to erode those values and rights. I must be eternally vigilant and heed the advice of Paul to not sleep as other do, but to be alert and sober.
DEEPIKA PADUKONE – 2.5 crore for Race 2
I’ve been told that it has a mild over hang to all of it.
Western Oregon University’s 19th Annual Pow Wow, hosted by the Multicultural Student Union, featured a well-attended grand entry and a consistent exhibit of dancing and visiting through the afternoon.
This left the press. Here too there was grave cause for concern since Tony O'Reilly, whose Independent Newspapers (IN) had bought the Argus chain, was equally desperate to ingratiate himself with an ANC leadership which wanted nothing less than full press control. O'Reilly's nominee, Ivan Fallon - despite his ultra-Thatcherite past, a hired gun in the last analysis - sought to ensure that IN would give no offence to the ANC, a command all too happily obeyed by such shamelessly deferential editors as Peter Sullivan and Shaun Johnson. However, this never fully applied to either Business Day or the Mail and Guardian, nor to the whole of the Afrikaans press.
I just read that Jamaican sprinter Asafa Powell is going to be taking a run at the decades old 100 yard dash best. I say best because the book was closed on yard records back in 1976 (all save for the mile). The race itself will be over 100 meters, but meet organizers are planning to set up timing to catch Powell’s time at the 100 yard mark as well.
Let me confess - prior to the tanking of the economy and the bicemation of the print industry (if decimation is every tenth, bicemation is every other), when I wanted to feel better about myself I would journey to the halls of the magazines for whom I used to write humor. My editors would grin and smile, they'd offer me drinks, they'd chatter on about how funny and wonderful I was, and I'd enjoy the rewards that writing DRIVEL provides ... because that's all that magazine writing really is: interesting drivel.
I came across the work of Edith by reading a few articles in Belgian interior magazines. And I loved what I saw!
My husband loves curry and he also liked this curry. I didn't tell him how easy it was to make it. I think that he believe I spent lots of time making this dish. Well, nothing wrong for him to think that way to maybe I just let him believe that.
02. The Landing
The cloaks can be found all around Skyrim, being worn by various NPCs and factions. In addition, all cloaks can be crafted at a forge from the Leather category, requiring Linen Wraps. You may even stumble across rare, already-enchanted versions of the cloaks when encountering boss-type NPCs.
Dul used to manage a motorcycle rental shop for farangs. To rent a bike, farangs have to leave a passport as collateral. When one would rent a higher-end bike, one of them beautiful Beemers or a Suzuki crotch rocket, Dul would slip us a spare key. Me and Jae would tail the bike until the farang parked. Then I’d stroll over and lift the bike. When the farang turned up at the shop, Dul would threaten to hand his passport over to the police. A wad of bills would get coughed up real quick. A week or two later we’d haul the bike out of storage and come in for our cut. Easy. Until one day some hard-ass mob cats horned in on the action. They didn’t ask any questions before making us eat concrete.
The Sex Pistols are still out there somewhere…
WDW Begonia to DMC 309---am using DMC 3831
Another possibility is to make it mandatory for hospitals to give their patients a comparison of their estimated charges against the published fees in the MOH website as part of the financial counselling process.
“No, your ticket with a word printed on it…look….” She deftly produces a small, brightly colored laminated card palmed in her hand. Only thing is, she shows it so quickly, and the word’s printed so small, I can’t see it.
Everyone is a teacher or a preacher. But teaching and preaching the ideal path is easy, walking on that road is the hard bit.
1 t cinnamon powder
At the end I came to a tiny marker that simply said. Love RIP.
Weather wise, it's not bad outside - highs today in the mid to upper 60s with a chance of rain in the late afternoon.
He weighs 26 lbs.
I’ve always said that art, music, comedy and literature are our best weapons against this lunatic fringe. You can’t shout down art.
I just got around to reading Walter Jon William's newish novel, Deep State, a sequel to his This Is Not A Game. Basically, it's a novel about someone provoking an Arab Spring-style social-media revolution in a post-coup Turkey written just before the Arab Spring broke out. I spent part of the book arguing with his Turkish politics and history - he seems to buy into the "evil drug-running Kurd-slaughtering Military" narrative of Turkish politics. The AKP doesn't even seem to exist in his world-construction; even more weirdly, some off-the-cuff details here and there strongly suggests that the entire war on terror never happened - there's some suggestion that there was never an invasion of Iraq, given some of the geographical and basing details of the CIA or Company-like organization sponsoring the revolution.
Place I Love...hmmm...there are a lot of places that I love.
To be honest, anyone who knows their spooky tales of old Britain should be able to join these dots, so there are no prizes for guessing the location correctly. I'll name the next anthology in a week or so, but suffice to say at present that I now have most of the stories in, and that they'll sit very comfortably alongside these genuine incidents of the bizarre and fearsome, and will make excellent additons to the ever expanding compendium of British macabre fiction.
A perfect example of that is this article from 1911. The mermaid in this story sat on a stone and sang all night disturbing a baby.
Three and a half weeks for my own exploration, my own pleasure and my own way...
As each descending peak on the LCD took you a little farther away from me
I thought I had it all together. I put a GREAT dinner in the crockpot this morning.
Table 2: Women Workers & No in Population
And they sing and they dance around,
It's the most awesome event I've ever been too!!
Human Resource Department
“Wait Asma. We need to talk.”
'Oh, MUMMY, Daddy has said he is SORRY and that means it's OVER,' quotes Youngest, in world-weary tones. The quote is from his Mother. Who is so wise about other people's arguments and such a child over her own.
Improvements and declines will be illustrated with the use of several icons. The colors and the numbers indicate how much the ratings have changed.
Eddies and whirls my thoughts
24/7 anti-White output, ALL pro-white output censored in the MSM as “hate”
One of the defendants moved for summary judgment of invalidity under 112(2), arguing that the claimed optimization feature rendered the claim insolubly ambiguous. Under DRT's proposed claim construction, a database would be "optimized" when its performance “with respect to a given characteristic” is superior to that of the data source from which it was created. The problem here was that a specific "characteristic" was not provided in the patent.
In the evening, Rebecca took us on a walk around her village and introduced us to her friends. We happened upon a ceremony- a goat was killed and the blood from it's neck was spilled onto a woman's feet. Apparently she's now a witch doctor, she was "called" by her ancestors to go to training to become a traditional healer. If you are "called" by your ancestors, you cannot ignore it! There was lots of chanting and dancing. It was really cool! (Minus seeing a goat die from 5 feet away).
Long story short I hummed it so many times it was stuck in my head the rest of the week, and I had to look up this video.
According to the source of these rumours, Sony is attempting to get 4K gaming out the door with the PS4, along with full HD 1080p 3D gaming for the first time. We don’t think it would even be possible to achieve this kind of output with the Southern Islands GPUs unless some kind of multi-GPU set-up is being used.
Alright, so this is not exactly ocean news but I still wanted to say something about this ‘pink slime’ issue. The news, my Facebook friends, and even my family all seem to be talking about it. So here is my two cents – why is everyone so incredibly shocked about this? The meat industry is putting ammonia treated filler into your beef and you are surprised? This is the same industry that only tests 1 out of every 2,000 cows for Mad Cow disease. The same industry that acknowledged that nearly ALL (95%) chickens become infected with E.Coli and that between 39-75% of chickens are STILL contaminated when purchased from the store. The same industry that gives your chicken a chlorine bath during processing in order to get ride of slime, odor, and bacteria. Knowing this is why I am not shocked at all by this pink slime controversy.
What many (though not all!) of the people merrily throwing this phrase around actually mean when they say 'Mary-Sue' is: 'Female character I don't like'.
Criminal intimidation in the ‘Land of the Free’!
Clothing stores: Stores like Urban Outfitters and American Apparel cater to the hipster demographic by selling plenty of tribal print clothing, flasks with mustaches on them, and books that only hipsters would read.
The use of such practices have already brought about the death of Mustafa Tamimi and caused countless injuries, several of them serious, including those of children – the most serious of which is that of 14 year-old Ehab Barghouthi, who was shot in the head with a rubber-coated bullet from short range on March 5th, 2010 and laid comatose in the hospital for three weeks. Due to the wide-spread nature of the disproportionate use of force, the phenomenon cannot be attributed to the behavior of individualsoldiers, and should be viewed as the execution of policy.
Hope Solo
Jus† an lovely item I found from a small store called Les Fées in Marais, Paris. The store looked like a real treasure chest, selling all kinds of odd stuff, everything from taxidermy to tea sets.
Crows are Gussie’s nemesis. He is forever on the alert. He sit’s up on the dog couch, ears on high alert, head straining against the window (nose prints on the glass attest to his vigilance) poised for that sudden need to lurch off the couch to give chase to those black feathered foes. Often times Gussie runs so fast toward the dog door, that he misses the turn, slams into the wall then bounces left through the door, growling the entire time.
Or is that just me?
I can eat salad for supper every single night. . . or Fritos and salsa. . . or Dove chocolate and pecan ice cream. I can paint at 5:00 in the morning. I can have a shower-optional day and lounge on my deck and read for five straight hours without anyone making me do anything at all. I can wander over to the neighbors' house and visit for as long as they let me. I can go out for a drink after work (if only someone would ask me). I can leave here whenever I want to and come home whenever I want to and I don't have to check in or out with anyone.
What's one of your favorite MG or YA Fantasy novels?
Let me state, Because you are published does not mean you are either ‘gifted’ ‘special’ or even ‘talented’. Just like shit television, there are shit publications and most of the time it is actually up to who you know or your financial status that gets you on the shelves of Wal-mart. But this piece isn’t about class issues or even published authors. This is about the Wretched World of Writers.
Another one my new reads from the Green Festival in DC in November is The Better World Handbook. My favorite paragraph is all about how the world is and how we mistakenly think it is. It really resonated with me so I wanted to share it with you ...
The light of understanding dawned on the jowly man’s face. “Brilliant! How very unexpected.”
Oh, don't you hesitate.
wrong. When I was 11 she moved back and wanted to see us more. I was
Millicent Rogers arrived in Taos in 1947 with a heart broken by Clark Gable and physically weakened by childhood rheumatic fever. Rogers grew up privileged in New York, where the press referred to her as “The Standard Oil Heiress.” Her grandfather H.H. Rogers co-founded the Standard Oil Trust with John D. Rockefeller. She had a way of combining fashion design with an engaging flair, which caught the attention of fashion devotees, designers, photographers and magazines. In her day, dresses fit close to the body in order to emphasize a youthful elegance. Designers cut hems to just below the knee as waistlines nearly vanished.
The confrontation may turn ugly as one minister in knight armour has sounded a warning that the venue for the gathering is off-limit to the public. He seems to think that a public space is only meant for 1Malaysia flag-waving crowds or public servants marching to patriotic music. He is wrong. A popular public site is where the heartbeat of the country often lies: it is where all the emotion and passion come into play as people bare their anger at the injustice of those who have abused their power. A public square symbolises the determination and courage of the people to stand up to the might of the state. It symbolises people power.
“I don’t remember holding hands being talked about in my sex ed class,” says Anonymous Doug. “I remember the whole penis goes into the vagina and ejaculates part, but apparently they’re not that far advanced in Tennessee to get to that point. That knowledge only gets unlocked by the minister presiding over your wedding.”
Lately, I've become obsessed with blush. I have so many, but I really do switch which ones I'm using up a lot. Some colors I swear by, MAC Pink Swoon, Warm Soul, Sunbasque, for example and are some of my go-to shades.
I could leave it at that. But you know I won’t.
It is unfortunate that you came in to The Bent Brick expecting us to comp your corkage because one of your party made the wine they brought in. We don't expect, and rarely receive, free wine or services from wineries we don't know. You shouldn't expect free services from unfamiliar parties either. We have very many close contacts with local winemakers. We have built our wine program around those relationships. We treat these winemakers as our friends and family and they return to The Bent Brick frequently to taste their wines on our draft system. You can talk to any of the fantastic local winemakers who have engaged us about our keg wine system and they will tell you volumes about how well we treat them when they come to The Bent Brick. But, it is impolite and disrespectful to walk in to a restaurant that you are unfamiliar with and expect them to give away services.
I'm thankful for all my friends, who are out there having their own Thanksgivings. I send you love, warmth, and hope, and a wish to see you all soon. I have thanks and an embrace to give you in person.
I don’t suppose for one minute and by that I don’t mean a New York minute whatever that is it sounds like a steak or something no wait I think I.
Anyway, back to the idea of time travel, I awoke too early this morning and was thinking about this book I am reading and about moving through time. As I continued to wrestle between the state of wakefulness and reality I thought for some reason that it was no longer April 2012, but for some reason I was now half my age and it was April 1986. So I began trying to remember where I would have been in April of 1986…
Then, I remembered that I still have some cream cheese and a can of button mushroom in stock. Both would make a good combination for a homemade mushroom soup. The result would taste better if you add in some cream. But since I do not have cream in stock, I just cook it with whatever I have.
Baroque architecture is not being compared with Heatherwick Studios’ creations; rather upon reading the Fold descriptors, the Seed Cathedral seemed to fit the characteristics well. Below borrows fundamental points of consideration, but is limited in meeting the full description of the Fold. However, there are celebrated and contemplative values in unperceived advancements in Heatherwick’s architectural designs through subtle principles of movement, geography, human experience, and relation of the interior/exterior.
In order to have all those stories the invaders have to stay and cause trouble. They have to reduce humanity to the status of outsiders on our own world. Possibly drive us back to the Stone Age. I don’t know. At this point it’s time for new invention on it.
- Went out to buy some groceries. It took us so long and while loading our groceries inside the vehicle I accidentally broke two bottles of vinegar and soy sauce. Though I was in a rough mood, Honey said "It's okay. I observed it happens when you keep yourself hungry. Let's get back to home and have something." It was so sweet of him to think of me during that really frustrating experience.
The vultures were disputing a beloved body
09 Happy Birthday 0:43
Like Alice Cooper, I’m sure to survive
At the moment I’m finding myself wanting numerous material things, which in itself is a normal state of affairs, we all want something, we all want many things. Some have more realistic desires compared to outlandish greed others harbour. Yet because I’m faced with budgeting, bills, rent, needing to scrape the surface and prioritising my money I find myself thinking about why I want the things that I want.
Today I design and weave one-of-a-kind textiles using traditional looms, respecting and preserving an ancient form of art. I have four looms in my home studio and use only natural fibers: cotton, silk, tencel (fiber made from wood), bamboo and soy.
After Sascha is paired with a Lucas, the alpha of a Changeling Leopard pack, her emotions really start to take off. Lucas shows Sascha the ways of lust and passion. After she learns what it’s like enjoy the feel of Lucas’ touch she learns what it means to be pack and to get a different kind of touch through the other Changelings.
Then, given the very obvious gullibility of our loathsome media - these so clever, so sophisticated people - what can you trust from them? What can you trust from people who are telling us things as fact which, less than 24 hours later, are admitted to be false? And we are not referring to events in some far-flung corner of the earth, but in Washington. And how much more BS are clever, sophisticated people going to take before they wake up and realise that they are being fed BS ... and then start growing up?
We figure this happens to just about everyone on this planet, except for a few very unusual folks and a saint or two. Conflicts have been happening the exact same way for centuries, perhaps eons—surely even cavemen ended a grunted disagreement by throwing rocks at each other.
So… most of us have to settle for the “a lot of knowledge” option. This will happen automatically whether you want it to or not. If you do not learn to fix your boat yourself and you do not have access to somebody who is rich and generous… like a spouse with an unlimited Master Card… you will soon not be a boat owner anymore.
Minnesota Arboretum.
outside big box chain stores and groceries for all of the
Serve the shrimp over the cooked grits.
Ender:
Fairly entertaining to see while we were hunting down that wren was this Cooper’s Hawk apparently enjoying a day at the mud spa, behavior I’ve never seen before.
The Climb by Miley Cyrus
Touching, discovering you
Brian FitzCount was one of the most memorable characters for me, a honourable man trying to do his best in a marriage and a social role neither of which was of his choosing. Young Geoffrey of Anjou was another memorable character, a childish bully who thinks the way to make himself look big is make someone else look small and whose attitude to his marriage to Matilda is to think that he will “have an Empress at his beck and call”. Henry FitzEmpress was also convincingly drawn, no mean feat as he develops from a baby through a precocious child to the threshold of adulthood during the novel. I also liked Brian FitzCount’s wife Maude of Wallingford, doggedly getting on with the unglamorous but vital business of managing the logistics of a household under siege and reflecting that she feels “like a donkey staggering along under a heavy burden of firewood, while Brian ignored her to look at the fancy glossy horses prancing past with bells tinkling on their harness”.
I didn't do shit all day, barely left the house, and I had a big problem convincing myself to get out the door and go to Gilman, which is always a sort of social mindfuck for some reason. I had to get drunk by myself first, and this was actually such a chore that by the time I got to Gilman Street Thou was already closing things out with a Nirvana cover. Well I tried. The place was packed, and I didn't feel like lingering within, so I quickly got to Pic 'n' Pac and grabbed another beer to pound.
I looked at her confused. Ruby said, "like this!" and began to clap her hands smiling. Thank goodness.
BG: Blindfold is the title of one of the stories, and on the surface it’s about a childhood game the two brothers in the story used to play, and which has now been adapted to help the damaged younger brother cope with an unbearable situation, to shut out a reality he can no longer face. In the context of that particular story, the ‘blindfolding’ can also be seen as a metaphor for the way the whole country was hoodwinked into supporting wars and military adventures in the recent past.
That will mean less innovation from carriers in areas such as products. And, that could have some unintended consequences on producers and the economy overall.
when life was simple not like to-day
Just because it’s healthy doesn’t mean you need to have slave over a stove for hours on end. In fact, some of the best meals for you can be cooked in a crock pot. You might have been hesitant to try this method because it seems like everything would come out mushy and bland. That certainly doesn’t need to
I’m always sad to see series I love come to an end, so I did put off reading SPELL BOUND for a month (and, I must admit, the slush pile has kept me busy). I was scared to say goodbye to Sophie & Co., but I knew Hawkins wouldn’t let me down, so I started. And I couldn’t stop. I read SPELL BOUND in two sittings, and I was equally captivated through both.
Channeling the spirit of Humphrey Bogart's character Sam Spade in the 1941 movie, "The Maltese Falcon", when he responded to Brigid O'Shaughnessy's statement of how she wasn't really as good as people thought, he said...and I echo..."You know, that's good, because if you actually were as innocent as you pretend to be, we'd never get anywhere."
mail, filing them carefully, hoping the rising tide of foreclosures would save
How you enjoy your passion is totally your call to make. The most important point here is quite simply to do what makes you happy. All I know is, sharing my own passion online appears to make others happy and has easily tripled my own happiness, bringing forth amazing opportunities I wouldn't have otherwise had.
In the meantime, please visit my other blog, The Spin-O-Rama Hour, which is a weekly one-hour (or close to it) podcast of vintage music. (Unfortunately, I lost the older archived episodes, too.)
I feel so happy and content knowing she is home
I don’t usually enjoy documentaries because the story is never neutral as the director or narrator would have you believe. For instance, “Super Size Me” depicted a man eating nothing but McDonald’s for a month, and showed the tremendous amount of weight that he gained in that time. The conclusion; McDonald’s is terrible and will kill you. However, shortly thereafter, another documentary was released showing another man actually lose weight be eating at McDonald’s every day for a month. The conclusion; McDonald’s is a great place to eat if you’re trying to lose weight. The point is, filmmakers slant their documentaries in a way that makes it look like fact, while in reality, the truth is probably somewhere in the middle.
Morello: And Iorek Byrnison.
How I've proved Him o'er and o'er!
Thick skin and a sense of humor are a must! These guys got a huge kick out of my pink Vera Bradley backpack, matching lanyard and pink phone. They cracked themselves up yelling “hey Paul, you got a purse just like that don’t you”.
“I don’t understand … I’m shocked,” Luisa Seau cried out.
Our ex-imperial peoples wanted to be independent of us. Now they are, with everything that that implies. We wish them the best of luck in their own countries. But all debts are now paid.
At the beginning of this year, Mom and Joe found out that the house they were renting in Northern California had been sold and they needed to move by the end of April. They had planned on coming out here when we had the baby and helping out by staying with Jordana (and Cash too) during the time that we would need to be in the hospital. They had a lot of options with where they could go next, as they're both retired and love to travel and experience different areas. So when they told us they were praying about whether they should move out here to be near us, we were trying not to get our hopes up! But when they let us know that they felt like they should move out here to be with us until our move to Armenia next year, we were SOOOO THRILLED!!! We couldn't believe that they would actually move all the way across the US basically just to bless us and be able to be with us during this exciting, crazy, transitional time and we were so excited to welcome them to Virginia.
So does everyone have the right to liberty and security of person?
Writing just for me and no one else the first thing that comes to mind when I see the word…
I’m strangely fascinated by this guy. I mean, not in an “I think he’s hot” kind of way. More like a WTF? kind of way. Anyway, this guy’s hair desperately needs a soundtrack. Give it one!
For all the rest of us, I still see the micro 4/3 cameras to be the optimum compromise with very good image quality and small, high quality lenses; i.e. the optimum carry-with-you size camera for travel, street, and general all around use. Most of the manufacturer’s excursions above and below that size are being driven by marketing and the desire to establish a unique niche. From research & technology, ergonomic, and cost viewpoints, I see my future to be with micro 4/3 cameras with better image quality, the best affordable lenses, and the best size for handling and carrying.
3) Adjust the taste and ready to serve.
And I rebooted my brain and my heart (spell check just corrected that to “heat” again, btw) back to where I was the night we went to see the Patsy Cline show. Not the part where I was freaked out by the fact I was dating someone else other than my husband, and not the part where I didn’t trust you and thought you were a playboy – the part where I had convinced myself I wasn’t romantically attracted to you, and I just thought of you as a friend. I liked you a lot back then, and I thought you were very very handsome. But you totally weren’t my type (I mean, seriously – you wore button up shirts, were all preppy looking, and you were a businessman for cripes sake.) and I did NOT want a relationship at all.
“Operation Twist does not seem to provide strong evidence in either direction as to the possible effects of changes in the composition of the central bank’s balance sheet.”
My oldest daughter has one of the most compassionate hearts ever. She is excellent with babies, children, and animals. She has always had a talent of reading people. One day when she was a toddler, a stranger in a bakery told me that she was, "going to rearrange the world someday". And I have never had a doubt! I know that God gave her talents in these areas to use for His glory and I know that if she seeks His will, she will do just that.
Operative: Agent Red
'Last Ferry to Bute' is off at last. Trouble is you can go on tinkering with it for ever and already new characters are crowding in demanding to be heard.
And sometimes, all of the above happen simultaneously and with no room for a deep breath in-between! But, instead of succumbing to the pressure that motherhood and wifehood can sometimes bring, I had to pray and ask God to show me how to give myself grace for the days when I need it most-- the days when I don’t get it right and struggle with the pressure of it all.
How can you share? I've had a number of inquiries on how to share if you are new to blogging or if you don't have a blog. If you already have a blog, you can post on your blog and then link your project through the linky system below. If you do not have a blog, you can still play along. You will need a digital camera. You can share by uploading directly from your computer or you can use some sort of public photo sharing site. I suggest SplitCoastStampers. You must be a member but there is no fee for basic membership. Uploads for the basic accounts are moderated and sometimes it takes awhile for your card to appear. For a small annual fee you can upgrade and your posts there are live immediately.
Level 2: MP Cost: 30, Duration: 72 seconds, Damage: +4%, Critical Rate: +11%, Minimum Critical Damage: +1%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
I really enjoyed the TSF posts wherein I looked about a couple of He-Man picture books I found in our St. Vincent De Paul. I thought I might be able to work the same magic on this similarly sized Voltron book. I remembered the cartoon and believe I owned a couple of the toys as a kid. The cartoon is nigh unwatchable today, having been assembled out of the parts of two or three separate animes. Still, I hoped having nostalgic memories of something has carried the day before in these columns.
So suspend reality for a few minutes and think about this. What if one of these poor kids actually lost one of their crappy parents, and had to take out an ad in the paper for a new one? Based on what I outlined above, and based on the experiences of these kids, that ad might look something like this:
1 church
The Norwegian leans forward and points to the marks at the base of each tree and says, ‘A little dog come along and pooped by each tree So now you got dirty tree and a turd, dirty tree and a turd, and dirty tree and a turd, vich makes von hundred.’
This little one is one of them and will be *flying* with me to Paris for the miniature show in june, 2012 !grin
In the last post I shared a list of books that Dr. R.C. Sproul considered the most influential on his thinking. It was an interesting list in many ways but one thing that stood out for me was that two of the books on the list were written by Dr. Gordon H. Clark.
It’s astonishing that this self-organised festival of democracy has sprouted on the turf of the masters of the universe, the men who play the tune that both political parties and the media dance to. The New York Police Department, which has deployed hundreds of officers at a time to surround and intimidate protesters, is capable of arresting everyone and clearing Liberty Plaza in minutes. But they haven’t, which is also astonishing.
20 lbs. East Kent Goldings hops from England
spoke it in an upward angle, call it an ejection of a perfected mind
One group had a scene from Titanic with Jack, Rose, and Cal. Of course, they guessed their scene right away (the scene were Rose gets in a lifeboat but then jumps back on board). Despite there actually being a girl in the group for once, the two guys decided to act out the parts of Jack and Rose. The guy playing Rose stuffed his shirt full of tissues or something and put on a girly voice. He also jumped on the other guy for when Rose and Jack are reunited and was then carried around the room. We about died laughing.
out again for select soccer we steered her
5) Be therefore grateful, and also positive about your life. Walk in confidence about your ability to change.
Well they did, and he was forced to keep up his part. And the rest is, as they say, history. He did indeed try out, and more importantly, he made it onto a team. And then, in his first Major League game – the Tampa Bay Devil Rays vs. the Texas Rangers in Arlington, Texas – he was called on to strike out the Rangers’ best hitter with two outs and the bases loaded. He did it by throwing three straight near 100 mph fastballs!
Stay tuned, for Big Things are happening this weekend!
Martin-Vachon joins HSN from Nordstrom, where she served as the chief marketing officer responsible for all marketing, visual merchandising and marketing operations for Nordstrom, Nordstrom.com and Nordstrom Rack. In this role, she is credited with growing Nordstrom’s new customer file.
Do you ever use song lyrics to get you out of a funk? to work through something? to celebrate something?
At least, there was no line for buying a ticket. There was a long line for getting autographs. I wasn't sure that I wanted any because a.) getting an autograph costs a lot more than it used to, and b.) I wasn't sure if I wanted to stand in this line. So I went off in search of something else to do, thinking that the line would go down some and I might do it later.
“What about me? Is that-? Is that, you know, that light when-when you’re-moving on to-to somewhere else?”
As I was sitting here wondering what in the world to blog about, a new follower (http://onmyminddylan.wordpress.com/) asked how in the world do I get so many views and followers. NOTE: I put down his web address, go check it out!
“Well you’re not exactly giving me a lot to work with.” She glanced back and pulled a stray lock of hair from her face. “How could anyone be this lost? To be honest it’s a little suspicious.”
Meanwhile, heat the remaining olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausage and cook, turning occasionally, until nearly-browned, about 6-8 minutes. Remove from pan, slice, and add back into skillet to brown sliced sides. Add the garlic, and continue cooking for another 1-2 minutes until the garlic is fragrant and the sausage is browned.
The majority of the robots were D-class Dums, so named because they were constructed without the ability to speak. On a Sandminer the Dums apparently mostly kept to the engineering decks away from the human crew, making them appear less common than was in fact the case. Dums wore black tunics. D84 was disguised as one of them.
"P.S. I locked all four of 'em in the house. Better wait outside."
Sadly, there is no such thing as Capital One in St. Louis which is a far more superior cause for concern that the fact that Bank of America does not have an actual bank in every state in the US. o_O
In my review of The Fugitive (1995), I observed that if a movie is to be done based on a venerable TV show, then it had better remain as faithful as possible to its source.
Business these days is seriously devoid of experience and thinking. They have worked themselves into a hole and due to lack of experience, don’t know how to get out, because they don’t know how they got here. And their title-ups don’t allow them to look inside. They remain inexperienced, unaware.
According to Mandy, he had embarked upon writing an autobiography: “He was going to write his life story, which was totally unbelievable, but did not get very far before he died. It was going to be called Fairman Has a Dilettante Streak: his Oxford tutor’s words!”
Tankbustas were one of my favorite unit in 4e. While they might not be the strongest unit for 5e, they're still fun to chuck on the table. These were made up of regular Boyz plastics, and a fair bit of plastic card and tubing. I had a fantastic time converting these boys up, especially the weapons. I wanted as many variations of rokkit launcher as possible, from the standard shoulder mount, to a large bore grenade launcher, to small, hand held rokkit pistols.
Parents of children in danger of being abused not being told.
One about the John Henry craze that has overtaken my classroom,
But this I know: it did but pass.
Nex #01-01/02
He stood over the girl who was trying to make this calculation,chipping in with the odd sarcastic 'is there a problem???'
“This was an extraordinarily fair deal. If it was unbalanced, it was unbalanced in the direction of not enough revenue. It is hard to understand why Speaker Boehner would walk away from this kind of deal.” — President Barack Obama
Internet Millionaire Secret #5: Try to automate as many services as possible. This will allow you to sell services 24 hours a day 7 days a week online. Automate your service centers to cut down on costs and help your customers at all hours of the day.
PHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bat Lash rides up in time to see the payoff. He rides off with Jonah in one of the most classic endings in any western ever.
Can you use Copics on cheap paper? Yes, if it works for you then go for it. I've done some great work on cheap copier paper (not even color copier paper), I just need to be aware of how much the marker will bleed and feather, then compensate for it.
36And from the tribe of Reuben, Bezer and Jahaz with their grass-lands;
She also sent photos of herself in sheer lingerie via text message from her cell phone.
A) It’s not the right to make other people live by the tenets of your religion
is going to be so much fun.
Jesus develops two basic kinds of prayer. The first is “showcase prayer” by which the person praying actually draws attention to himself. He wants to be known as spiritual and holy. His religion gives him status, and by public prayer, he maintains and feeds it. The second kind of prayer is “relational prayer.” This is prayer that seeks time with the Father. Jesus, for teaching purposes, draws a distinct line between the two, but we must acknowledge that most people will fall somewhere between the two extremes. It is also important to understand that no one can read the mind and intentions of another heart. What might seem to be the height of arrogance may only reflect upbringing. Or gentle, quiet prayers may come from one who has no private prayer life at all. Jesus’ instructions are for us to know and personally apply His words and to let the Holy Spirit guide and train our hearts in these matters.
Obama’s endless moratorium on drilling has already meant that “if you go out to the middle of the decade, there are a” huge new regulatory burdens on industries that are import sensitive, putting their competitiveness at risk, and ultimately we’ll produce less gasoline here and end up importing it from refineries that are less energy efficient overseas.”
I thoroughly enjoyed book 1 in this series and was expecting book 2 to rate at the same level. In many ways it does. Author Candace Calvert builds deep, believable characters with all the quirky nuances that make them, well…characters. The plot took off right from the start, built in intensity as the story went on, and did not disappoint. This being said, I did not enjoy this book as much as book 1. It seemed that throughout this book Calvert was setting the stage for book 3. She took too much time building characters and situations that did not matter to this book.
start telling visitors about his experiences growing up at Drayton Hall, and about the oral traditions passed down in his family, from the porch of the caretaker’s cottage (which currently houses the gift shop). After Bowens passed away in 1998, site producers decided to develop a formal African American history tour. They introduced “Connections” in the early 2000s, which is based on scholarly research as well as Bowens‘ oral traditions. Since then, Drayton Hall also opened the African American cemetery on the site to visitors, adding an intricate wrought iron archway designed by renowned blacksmith Phillip Simmons. In addition, the site has introduced a DVD tour option that includes African American history information, and site managers started encouraging guides to include more descriptions of African American history in the house tours as well as the Connections tour.
By Vicki Hinze
Pepino Melon - There's a lot of debate about how well this eggplant relative, native-to-the-Andes plant can grow in the Northern Hemisphere. It requires a long growing season, but tolerates cooler weather. I'm figuring since chayote, another Andean native, grows like a weed here, the pepino should do about the same. I'm also curious about the taste, which is said to be melon-like. I'll let you know. And btw, the chayotes that I put in last year grew phenomenally well.
Dressing up is very important, you only attend a wedding when you know you will try and look good. Everyone looks good! Its the pomp and color in a wedding that adds to its grandeur!
Pretoria – which as regional power broker has significant influence on international opinion on Zimbabwe – insisted the electoral violence in Zimbabwe was an internal matter that had no impact on regional peace even as it struggled to handle the thousands of refugees that were flocking from its northern neighbour.
Really. What did we ever do to you, Kubo? Why do you hate us so much? Is this punishment for reading Bleach on OneManga or MangaStream back before the copyright crackdown? Because I’ve stopped! We were just kids back then, but so many of us have stopped! We’ve waited months for new licensed (and horribly translated) copies of your manga to come out in bookstores and dropped our hard-earned cash on them. We’ve even sat through dubs for you. DUBS! All so that you could do this!?
Notice that I said apartment rather than home. The reason is simple: my place does not feel much like a home, for which I take full responsibility. It has not been decorated at all. Even the Shaker style, for all its spartan utilitarianism, at least has a style, grace, and aesthetic. I'm embarrassed to say and hate to admit, perhaps my place has devolved into a bachelor pad with a hint of hope.
Thanks go to my friend, Claire Oehler (who owned the Country Quilter in Somers, NY before retiring), for letting me know about the exhibit!
Had more children
The writing was great though, and the plot moved quickly! I will definitely be reading Karen's next book, whatever it is!
I took myself off away from my friends, and sitting on a rock, looking out at the sea, I tried to get my head around what had just happened. I wanted to go home, but didn’t have any means of doing so, and what good would it do anyway. My friends started to drift over to me, “Enjoy this break in Harrys’ memory” one of them said, which is exactly what I tried to do.
PUTAR: Tell me something papaji?
Chatham & Rochester ArtReview.
Rio turned four this year and Rocket Man is now 16! We have owned Rio since he was nine months old and we are patiently waiting for him to grow up physically and mentally as we will not jeopardize his health for our personal gratification to ride him. Our goal is to ride in the Olympics for three and four hours or more at a time when Rio is six years old full-grown. We do not want any sway back and knee problems for Mr. Rio as he is being brought along in training slowly and given time for his body and mind to mature. If you want to ride an equine now make sure you purchase an equine at least five for a horse and six for a Mammoth donkey. The larger the equine the longer you must wait!
I might be lacking in energy a bit these days.
1 coupon
Having worked with this account for 3+ years, I was well aware that he can sometimes be “set in his ways”. If I had ANY chance of helping him Co-Op his ad I was going to have to show him that sometimes; Less is More!
Maybe Kansas is playing with house money. Kentucky’s locker room, yeah that’s where the expectations reside. The entire 2008 season of John Calipari’s Memphis squad (ended in a 75-68 overtime loss to Bill Self’s Kansas team) may not exist in the NCAA record books, but it rests in the mind of Cal. Maybe this year is different. The public raves of the commitment these players place on the defensive end and genuine joy of playing together. Can’t the same be said about Kansas?
Martin-Vachon will oversee HSN’s merchandising and planning teams and report directly to HSN CEO Mindy Grossman.
hate-driven cult within a hate-driven racist sect that are the
Register this in your head that your subordinates have the right to be informed and to be updated about what’s going on in the company and with their status. It’s because they are a member of the organization and they don’t deserve to be kept in the dark. Most people resign when they can’t see or appreciate their value in the company. They leave the moment they feel they’re just treated as “do this-do that” laborers and don’t have the right to contribute, help in the decision-making, or be heard no matter how big your company or department is.
Then, one day, suddenly there were thousands of excellent beers from which to choose, hundreds of thousands of Internet ratings to peruse, and not only that, plans for NABC brewing expansion were coming close to fruition because we had decided to make more of our own beer.
SCHLESSINGER: Right, I said that's what you hear.
(Can be grown outdoor & indoor)
Author: Pittacus Lore
He's such a good boy-tries SO HARD to do what I ask of him. He is a lot like Rusty in the way he spooks, stresses, and hates me getting angry with him. It's great! But he does know how to work and he's super smart (like Rusty) but now I know how to channel the smarts!
Don't know about you, but I think they were making an artistic statement here. That's Mom's dog "Romeo the Fearless" teacup Yorkie. He goes EVERYWHERE, even been to a few weddings, just recently christening in Brooklyn. Everybody loves Romy....he even has special permission to come in the local Hunting & Fishing Store...how's that for being manly???
You could dunk. So what?
Next, we were invited for a tour of the clinic, having a nosey at the various treatment rooms, including one operating theatre. Only partial sedation is used onsite, apparently for bigger ops, such as a boob job, they have a contract with the private Nuffield hospital. All a bit intimidating for me - looked very similar to my private dentist's practice and the whole thing was starting to make me feel a little uneasy... but still REALLY fascinated at the same time!
American Pale Wheat Summer Ale from the Breckenridge Brewery
The first blogger in this feature is Joi Svezia of Nuestra Vida Dulce. If you need a little smile in your day, just read Joi's blog. She is the very definition of bright and cheerful and has so many design ideas that are perfectly adaptable to any space.
The top row is home to the three most 'fun' shades in the palette, as well as the three most usual. I think I'd use the first three for colourful smokey eyes on their own, and combine the last three for a more classic look.
The girls and I had just returned from the grocery store. Hormel chili and tamales were on sale super cheap and, of course, we had coupons making them next to nothing....wait, I am getting off subject again. You don't care that I got over 30 cans of each for $7.30.
Five: Time to take action
NO ONE can.
Which, judging by the myriad billboards along the highway, should have been way cooler. Instead it was mostly disgusting and run-down and just overall tired.
Kentucky – 29.0 percent, 30.3 percent
After 13 weeks, she moved onto the surgery recovery unit at the system’s main facility.
The ant picks up another and starts over. I get exhausted just watching them.
The development of youth culture seems to have happened in similar ways in many countries around the world. There is a 'Liverpool' in most countries. This film will explore the phenomenon from the Icelandic perspective with the emphasis on Keflavík.
When Chris turned 40 I bought him a book of Burns poetry dating from 1878. Its in amazing condition considering its age and it claims to contain everything he ever wrote...letters, poems, songs, epistles, epigrams and epitaphs. We were invited to our friends house to celebrate Burns Night, we took it with us and he read the address to a haggis before we had our meal. It reminded me just how much I love Robert Burns poetry! The language used and the imagery conjured up really is something to behold so yesterday I sat down and re-read one of my favourite poems and I've decided to share it with you...it is quite long but well worth a read! (Don't worry, I've included translations).
On the knitting front, I finished a pair of thrummed mitts I started a week ago during our knit night get-together when I taught thrumming. Brianna decided to claim those. Unfortunately I ran out of yarn, so one thumb is a lighter shade of pink. (Photo one of these days.) I wasn't about to break my yarn diet for the sake of a meter worth of yarn. But since I took that meter from a skein I had in my stash, it became an exercise in stash busting. Yay! Gotta love that. Since I had wound that skein I figured I might as well make something for myself and so I knit myself a nice hat, with yarn left over. Darn those generous Briggs & Little skeins. Grin! With the left overs I started knitting wrist warmers. One is done and I hope to finish the pair today. If I can tear myself away from my latest book, that is!
This was the most obviously new world wine of the tasting, which mirrors the amazing winery that is clearly modeled on the Napa Valley. The estate used to be home to General Billy Mitchell and is today run by Rachel Martin whose father used to own the Washington Redskins.
This is the last post of 2011.
4. Mackin/Fancy Pants/Glad Rags (02:06)
PLACE: Our street
well... the result is very very very cool ! as I can go on Osaka Kyoto trip alone ! lol !!
☆ Improved word placement and removal of some overlap
Mr. Obama called the signing of the agreement “a historic moment for our two nations.”
I love watching them flitting around from flower to flower in the backyard.
Aren't these just beautiful??
Anyway, back to the exhibition. As well as dresses, some of Grace’s jewellery, shoes and accessories (including a well worn Hermes Kelly bag) were displayed (I couldn’t find any sneaked photos of those) and overall although I enjoyed the experience, I wouldn’t describe it as especially memorable.
Tricia McLeish, Solidarity
Place the template over your fabric and cut a fabric circle. (You may want to cut two fabric circles if your fabric has a little bit of sheer to it.)
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Northern Hemisphere Harvest Wet Hop Ale
Pages: 416
On tap, I have my American Brown Ale, the Oak-aged Imperial Stout, and the Belgian Strong Dark Ale. All of them are quite tasty! I had 3 mugs of Brown Ale last night after a hard & fast 10-mile trail run. Note to self: Don't do this again on a weeknight.
Delightfully oddball to outer reaches of tolerableness, Cyndi Lauper simultaneously channels the hard-nosed gumption of a street hustler, the Queens-reared surliness of an overworked tollbooth attendant, and the vixenish glee of a re-animated Jean Harlow. Listening to her enunciate words in Vibes was like eavesdropping on what heaven, or some heaven-like facsimile, must sound like when it's at its most loud and grating. Gentling caressing my auricle area is one thing, causing my eyes to wet themselves is quite another.
This morning I also made the most unattractive batch of pancakes ever. A license plate for Ben, an Atlantis key for Josiah, a kitty for Gabriella and a KT + LT for Kevin. Sweet, but ugly. I did the usual squirt style to make the shapes but added blue food coloring for the contrast to one of the bottles. It made a sickly blue-green color that food should not be made.
These are identical to the flowers that bloomed in 2008. These little bell shaped sweeties stand about 3 inches high and are less than an inch long. They're called Siberian Wood Squill. Also English Bluebell/Wood Hyacinth
That’s not to say all remakes are flops though – and typically they’re more successful when they’re more along the lines of a ‘re-imagining’. The Muppets, a franchise that was slipping into obscurity following a long absence, has been rejuvenated for the modern day in a brand new (and very successful) film. Spyro the Dragon, a fondly remembered videogame icon, was last year given a butt-ugly facelift and a starring role in the new Skylanders game, which has become a whole fad in itself.
I looked over and there was Kisam!
Though an unusual plot for Allan Stratton, whose emotionally-charged books Chandra's Secrets (Annick Press, 2004) and Chandra's Wars (HarperCollins, 2008) address tough issues of AIDS, child soldiers and civil war, The Grave Robber's Apprentice actually feeds Stratton's passion for theatre, particularly the Stratford Shakespeare Festival. In his Acknowledgements, Allan Stratton describes his love of classic storytelling and attending shows and working, both on stage and behind-the-scenes, at Stratford. As such, all the features of classic tales - an evil entity, weak-willed followers, the requisite royalty, a secret, some magic, and a quest or two - with the added flavour of Shakespeare's comedies and tragedies come together in The Grave Robber's Apprentice. As the author eloquently draws the reader along, following the purposeful Angela to right the wrongs done by the Archduke, and Hans who haphazardly becomes enlightened about himself, Stratton provides the charming theatricality of fairy tales and plays as the vehicle to advance the tale to its happy ending. (Come on, you knew there would be a happy ending, didn't you?)
“That is a good sign.” DJ hugged her shoulders, “Listen, I'm not sure what to do with myself but I don’t want to leave. I don’t want you to feel like you have to stick around just because of me.”
Unun Einkalíf IS
The week before his trip I was incredibly anxious about him leaving. I knew it was the best thing for both of us. But I was scared. A lot scared.
