It really is two blinking years. On October 1st. Two years of knowing that ANYTHING on the silly/funny/weird/nonsensical/strange/curious/mad/heart-warming scale can be used IMMEDIATELY, put into words, and kept fresh as a daisy on this blog of mine. And I look back sometimes to see those memories and am hugely thankful, because I just KNOW that so much of what I have written would have been forgotten.
In today’s post I mentioned the need for debt cancellation, an end to fractional reserve banking and interest bearing currencies, Please consider this:
There are many quality cleaners and sealants available for keeping the chrome and stainless steel on your boat protected, shiny and bright. After applying a light film on your brightwork, let sit for about 15 to 30 minutes. Then, wipe off with a clean cloth. After cleaning, you may also want to apply a quality wax sealer/protectant to create a protective barrier against the harsh elements. If your boat’s metalwork is pitted or oxidized, apply a quality metal wax and leave it on the problem area overnight. In the morning, take a piece of fine bronze wool and gently scrub off the wax applied to the pitted or oxidized area. This process, repeated several times, should make a considerable difference.
Late and stuck in traffic, I had just spent half my life behind the most impossible old man.
Sleep apnea is a big business ticket. NPR reports, “Medicare payments for sleep testing increased from $62 million in 2001 to $235 million in 2009, according to the Office of the Inspector General.” In the same report, “Dr. Fred Holt, an expert on fraud and abuse and a medical director of Blue Cross Blue Shield in North Carolina, says some patients aren’t having basic exams done first and are therefore being prescribed expensive tests they don’t need. Not everyone who snores has a chronic disorder, he says. In other cases, Holt says, the labs prescribe CPAP machines right away without first suggesting other strategies that could reduce apnea, such as losing weight or sleeping on your side.”
Hyde Park Mini Mart
we talked a lot this holiday season about giving back.
1Co 4:1 Let a man so account of us as of the ministers of Christ and the dispensers of the mysteries of God.
I'm going to be in Toronto all next week to check things out. I have started working on a new city blog. Please take a look at the test run and let me know what you think. Have a great weekend!
But what else is a sugar-addict-trying-to-lose-weight to do?
Both our girls were under the weather this week and when that happens, it just breaks my heart. They are on the mends now and I'm so grateful. Between the runny nose sniffles, coughing, and cuddling, we slowly looked at books, and thumbed through magazines (India especially digs the mini size of Everyday Food) and watched a few of our favorite kid movies.
In Feb 2010, while watching the Olympics, I finally figured out how to make the African Warriors that I've dreamed of for 20 years: the Warrior Divas were born and shown at the Kuumba Collective Art Gallery for the first time.
* Interest rates will increase. Should the United States lose its AAA credit rating‚ it will trigger rising interest rates in an already unfrozen credit market.
This is all I can think of to say about this fucked up individual:
Cesca Litton is aTV host, sports enthusiast, and renaissance woman
My biggest complaint about the book is not enough people died. Very few of the characters I found irritating ended up dying but it caused only a mild disappointment. A person would be in heaven living in an unhaunted version of the house – though I don’t mind ghosts as long as they are happy ghosts who are willing to amicably share the house.
So do I, you know I know you
The President of the Republic declares the state of emergency and repeals it in a decree taken at the Council of Ministers chaired by him with a two thirds majority, provided that the decree is presented to the People’s Assembly in its first session. The law sets out the relevant provisions.
Do not be amazed that I told you, ‘You must be born from above.’ The wind blows where it wills, and you can hear the sound it makes, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes; so it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit.
Visit our booth during show hours to see the latest from our manufacturers, take advantage of discounted pricing, and to schedule your new pool installation! Check out our hot tubs too. In addition to Jacuzzi and Sunrise we now
The two men, well respected as effective administrators during their years in Karzai’s national security team, are leading a vociferous opposition. Their insight into the Taliban, appeal to young people and undeniable eloquence has put the government’s political agenda in an awkward position.
Then, for my mom's mothers day present, I got her their VIP Mother's Day gift set, which was only $20 with any $40 purchase.
It's saturday, and that means it is time for another "Anything Goes" post! This one should appeal to you train fans out there.
_____When I find myself liking 10 statuses in a row I stop and think..are these statuses really that funny or is this just one of those moments when I have a low tolerance for humor (humor quote status)
As I reflect I am so Thankful for every event of my life, both good and bad. With each blessing came joy and peace. With every hardship, pain, hurt that I endured, came a wonderful lesson out of the storm.
On the off chance that I am able - or willing - to suspend my disbelief for longer than that, I then have to confront the fact that the majority of schools have cut funding for "essential" liberal arts programs such as art, music, and physical education. I have to confront the fact that schools have cut field trips, libraries, textbook purchases, and computer labs. Every class or experience that allows for some creativity, some exploration, some ability to share new experiences with others - in other words, the things that should be the foundation of a liberal arts education - has been reduced or eliminated so that the schools can concentrate their resources on providing pedantic services in which students are often told what to think instead of experiential services in which students are allowed the freedom to explore and develop new thoughts. It's a liberal arts based education, without any of the useful liberal arts that actually enhance and enable learning.
Almost all the men I’ve met in the past year are good men. There have been only a couple jerks. A creep. A real idiot. They’re easy to spot, not like when we were twenty and didn’t realize there really are wolves in sheep’s clothing. You can smell them once you get a little older.
Sorry for not posting this last night but I was elsewhere.
April: "Don't ask me for nothin'!" (From what I saw in the episode, Catelynn didn't ask her for "nothin'" and April offered to take her out.)
This post started out one way, and kind of ended up becoming something else. I sat down with the intention of writing a How To article on the topic of world building, with the bullet points and all that. But I started thinking about a discussion I've been having with some writing friends lately, and some really interesting blog posts that I've recently seen from other writers, and instead, it sort of turned into an essay. No, not an essay. A plea.
More on that in another post.
GOOD LUCK!!!
Now ask yourself, when Peter Hain, a Welsh MP added this clause was he acting in the best interests of the people of Wales or was he acting on the best interests of the people of England and the Labour party as a whole? And when the Labour party in charge of the Welsh government accepted these stipulations without any fuss were they acting in the best interests of Wales or simply following orders?
It is a well-established, documented fact that Prescott Bush was one of Hitler’s main bankers and financial liaisons.
Actually, IF WE “CHOSE TO”, WE COULD say that this goes AGAINST OUR FREE WILL? RIGHT? But if and when we “choose” to believe this to be “oppositional?” To our freewill, in reality,…it,actually, to me, proves our freewill. I mean, we CHOSE/CHOOSE to believe, right?
that was as big as a stone.
Jason Evans makes people want to show up. A Clarity of Night contest is both the wind in a beginner’s sails and a proving ground for veterans. I started blogging because of these contests. They coax art and economy from every writer, and they have had a lasting impact on my writing.
Be sure to check out their other flavorings including all natural flavored syrups, fruit innovations syrups, gourmet sauces, and tea concentrates. I am sure you will find atleast one flavor you will fall in love with !
Um, that's the one I picked.
“The decision has already been made,” Tomas said. “The moment I stepped in and took her from old Eric it was decided. You think word won’t spread? Hasn’t spread already? You think Eric and Buddy won’t be trying to make as much money off their find as they can make stick to their greasy little fingers? The Baron of Umber will be fully informed by tomorrow morning, and what happens then?”
On the other hand I’m still not feeling the love for Avatar. I don’t know why, because in every way it should be my perfect film. Sci-fi/fantasy, with beautiful animation (even though it has a dodgy storyline) and the critics and just about everyone I know who has seen it, have universally enjoyed it. But for some reason it still doesn’t appeal to me in the slightest except as a vague feeling that if I don’t see it at the cinema I’ll have missed out on something. However, this feeling isn’t strong enough to actually get me to the cinema.
My unschooling experience has taught me to follow my passion without restraint. The freedom of this type of education has given me the time to explore interests and form concrete ideas about what I want to achieve.
I have listened to SWMBO do a lot of complaining about how much beer I bring into the house.
3) The Power of a Creation Myth AFC Wimbledon have the most powerful facilitator in the development of a strong fan culture: a sense of profound injustice at the heart of their foundation. The Milton Keynes mockery unites ALL football fans more than anything I’ve ever come across, thus allowing the Dons a position of unequaled righteousness. It is another reason why they are culturally a far stronger unit than ever before.
The man tried not to look but he had already seen that the old man had wet himself, a dark pool gathering on his brown corduroy pants. A grimace went across his face and he tried to duck away from the nurse before she could address him. He just wanted to get this over with.
Ingredients: (makes around 8)
Snip off the end of the piping bag with scissors and squeeze the mixture into the cups until it nearly reaches the top.
Somewhere between the Taxi Driver New York of Martin Scorsese, the Annie Hall New York of Woody Allen and the Do The Right Thing New York of Spike Lee is a good beginning suggestion of the New York that came into my mind as an adolescent visiting relatives there and eventually living there for a year. In short, the mid 70s to early 80s. Although I have been to New York many times since then, that time continues to constitute my frame of reference. It is relative to this that Sidney Lumet's work from the 60s is so fascinating for me. I am engaged by that-New-York-then for what about it was and what about it was not to become the New York of my frame of reference.
The life and ministry of Angus Buchan has become a world-wide phenomenon. Through his Mighty Men Conferences and by a philosophy of simply believing God’s Word, he has directly impacted the lives of hundreds of thousands of people.
The County Armagh farm was believed to have been under surveillance on the night of 9 October 1990 and the SAS fired more than 70 rounds in the incident.
But back to my point: this book is not just written by a woman who clearly has not had her sexual desires satiated by her husband ( a domestic god? more on that later), it is written by someone who did not pass 9th grade Physical Science. No. Not even that. Someone who cannot type ‘Terminal velocity” into Google and peruse the resultant Wikipedia article.
1. The only way to channel holy madness without causing destruction and misery is art but that has its own problems, as a true artist can get so deep into their character they can't get back out, ala Michael Shannon's Greek tragedian. Don't think it doesn't happen! MACBETH has made plenty of actors into mounds of raving jello, and they say the Joker killed Heath Ledger, and mom's jello kills them all... served while Jack Benny smiles from afar...
and then vanishes.
What, then, is fear, to have such an influence on love? I think the answer lies in the fact that fear may also inform will. This function is love’s prerogative, but the moment that we submit to fear–and submitting to fear is always a choice, conscious or not–we begin to let it make decisions as to the orientation of our will. That’s not to say that it isn’t perfectly human to defer to fear, or that there isn’t any redemption for decisions made in fear, but fear corrupts the integrity of our being.
Dr. Lyle's pet peeves: the one-hit knockout punch (and even if you're lucky enough to knock out the bad guy, he'll only be out for a few seconds, and when he wakes up, he'll be MAD), and the one-shot kill. He's seen too many people with a dozen gunshot wounds still walking and talking. Especially if they're drunk. In fact, his comment was, "You can't kill a drunk."
Onward!
That was somewhat creative but I have also used rental cars to move between residences, when my car was too small (or broken) or I did not have a car at the time. I have used rental cars to move across the country but those were the days when I did not have much stuff. I would rent a car (or van) for three weeks, giving me enough time to drive each way between California and Florida with some time to visit. I did this three times in a row (nine weeks total). At about $100 a week, it was less expensive and more luxurious and fun than a moving truck. On the other hand, I have seen U-Haul dealers offering trucks for $100 or less, because they needed to get them to another location. Sort of similar to the Florida exodus car deals in the spring.
I suspect that part of my recent problem with beauty is a remnant of that old way of living. I think it’s a kind of defence mechanism a way of controlling life to some extent and a way of keeping this divine love from me. When I look back at those spiritual experiences I had I do remember that even then I still held a tiny morsal back, did I truly let go absolutely? I suspect that part of me does not want to let go to give myself completely. The problem is of course that by rejecting love and beauty within myself I am actually rejecting that in others and it is stopping me enjoying intimacy with the people I share this beautiful world with. It is also stopping me truly expressing the love and beauty within me.
To neighbours passing by,
2. What’s interesting to me about both these cover copies is that they both focus on an event that happens before this novel even begins. We know it’s going to be a story about the repercussions of this action--of not being trusted by her family and also of being branded the “school slut.” We have been immediately introduced to the tension that will shade this whole novel. In the last two examples, we’ve been talking about spotlighting the catalyst that happens in the first 20 or 30 pages of your novel and in this example, it’s an event that happens prior to the story being told in the novel. Probably hadn’t thought about that as a vehicle for a pitch blurb but it can work—as long as the novel is about the fallout from that prior event.
It was delicious. Not as good as the one at Two Chefs and a Table, which are my all time favourite, but good for at home.
If you want to part with some cash, these mounts can be yours. The Annual Pass mount actually won’t cost you any extra if you intend to play for the next year anyway.
RECURRING DREAMS November 18 2011
Technically, using crystal malt should disqualify this recipe from being considered a SMaSH beer, partly because it's rare for a home brewer to know what type of barley was used to create the a crystal malt. However, Simpson's recent introduction of Crystal Maris Otter now makes it possible to have a SMaSH beer sweetened by the caramelized sugars of a crystal malt.
Sorry there's no modesty tail, King Spitty, but Leo likes to just let it all hang out.. Young brash young mancat and all..
beef from 1999 through 2003. That is what broke our company in Montana.
A dreary, blustery Sunday in late February and some fresh produce in the refrigerator ready to go south on me soon becomes Sunday lunch.
Your eyes have seen my unformed substance; and in Your book were all written the days that were ordained for me, when as yet there was not one of them. Psalm 139:16 (NASB)
Now any sane person realising they have done something stupid, will either attempt to cover it up or own up to it if they possess any moral standards. These criminal thugs actually boasted about their “achievements”.
K: Local media is guilty of sensationalism and a lack of responsibility. Haaretz has an agenda and skews everything in the service of that agenda. And others, like Yediot and Ma’ariv, are just sensationalist. There is no connection even between their headlines and the content.
Poor renovation
8. Curry leaves and cilantro for garnishing.
Oh and I hope there is lots of food and chocolate coming your way too.
Stuart is questioned again and eventually he pegs Henry as the rapist. It seems the most likely explanation, as Henry’s DNA was found in Leslie’s rape kit and there were trophies from the other victims in his car. But Leslie admits the two of them were having an affair. They fought over her going out on the streets and he’s been sleeping with a multitude of women who aren’t his wife. Still, all these women stick up for his alibis. He was intentionally framed.
I have a list of favorite quotes from the newsroom, which are as follows.
“Get up.” Jack’s murmuring and I almost miss it. I should get up, give in to what he wants but I can’t; fear courses through my veins and I’m being paralyzed by it. When I don’t move Jack turns towards me, moving slowly towards my body, his eyes cold; void of any emotion. “Get,” he kicks my side, “up!”
Yale University Press’s Fall/Winter 2012 catalog, announcing the list of titles to be published from August 2012 to January 2013, is now available online. The cover image from Susan Jacoby’s forthcoming The Great Agnostic: Robert Ingersoll and American Freethought makes a strong connection with this month’s Thinkers theme, and on the flip side cover for art and architecture list, Robert Motherwell’s Beside the Sea No. 6 (1962), from the monumental Robert Motherwell Paintings and Collages: A Catalogue Raisonné, 1941-1991, edited by Jack Flam, Katy Rogers, and Tim Clifford, completes this latest bulletin of our publications. New books from returning authors like Gus Speth, William J. Baumol, J.H. Elliott, and Bernd Brunner make up a strong part of YUP’s offerings, while we welcome the writings of Wole Soyinka, William F. Bynum, and Amos Oz and Fania Oz-Salzberger to our World of Letters. And as always, our museum publishing partners like The Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Bard Graduate Center, and the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston continue to produce exquisite catalogues for their exhibitions—including new explorations of Andy Warhol’s artistic legacy, the Civil War and American Art, the American Circus, and the photographs of war—that will visually inspire and captivate neophytes and scholars alike.
On their knees the war pigs crawling
In my tenure as Philip J. Fry, I collected the usual assortment of delivery-boy stories -- the stoners who offered up a Whitman's Sampler of unlabeled pills in lieu of cash, the girl I drove to the hospital because she'd leapt from her boyfriend's balcony, yadda and yadda -- but one thing I never did was hang around watching my customers eat. I usually just traded food for currency, got back in my tortured automobile, and drove the fuck away. Domino's seeks to break that ugly, ugly cycle. They seek to provide delivery with heart. And so they offer to you a kindly black man, who will stand like a fussy nursemaid at your tableside while you eat, reciting the menu items which you are currently eating and which you yourself ordered not 30 minutes ago.
(now trying to calm down)
La la la la la la la la la la la la
People are in last place to
red chilly powder - 1 tsp
Food Poisoning Bulletin recently talked to Anna Schmitt Reichert, Director of Communications for the organization. She said, “our study found that the kitchen contained the most E. coli, Salmonella, yeast, and mold than the rest of the home. Most consumers think that the bathroom has the most pathogens, but that’s not true.”
It’s hard to read through blurred lines and cryptic messages. This is why i’m confused.
Supported file types:
--That we all get together at my parents' house on Christmas Eve for pizza and present opening, carrying on a family tradition that began when I was around two or three years old.
Take a bite of this Eggless Apple Cake that are loaded with cubed apple. It is also low in fat when compared with other recipes found on the net.
While first impressions can be made in as little as three seconds, we’ve all received email messages that are void of purpose and break countless email etiquette and business etiquette rules. The unfortunate result is a less than stellar first impression.
As a football fan I love the NFL draft because I love to see the names and college careers of the players that will affect the Packers’ franchise. I celebrated as the Packers picked Derek Sherrod an Offensive Tackle from Mississippi State (2011), Bryan Bulaga an Offensive Tackle from Iowa (2010) and Clay Matthews a Linebacker from USC (2009). However, not every pick is a home run and sometimes that person you put all your confidence in turns out to be more like Ryan Leaf than Peyton Manning.
UPDATE: 13th December, 2011. The Irish Times today carries an interesting reaction from NAMA to the administration “ The agency’s spokesman added that creditors believe that appointing an administrator represented their best chance of selling the power station and surrounding site. “We saw it as the best way of freeing up the process. The company had been given a lot of time but was making no real progress.”” Separately, it is understood the four specific companies subject to administration are : (1) REO (Powerstation) Limited (2) REO (88 Kirtling St) Limited (3) REO (8 Brooks Court) Limited and (4) REO (Site Assembly) Limited
1. Preheat oven to 325°F. For the Streusel Topping, mix flour, brown sugar and cinnamon in medium bowl. Cut in cold butter with pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in walnuts. Set aside.
Refined Sugars: 72 days; how long I have switched my sweeteners! No more white sugar, no more corn syrup, no more artificial sweeteners. I now use honey, agave nectar, brown sugar or Stevia In The Raw to sweeten things now. I don’t notice a difference at all. No one in the house has complained either.
Readers who love contemporary titles that are dramatic, humorous, and romantic, will without a doubt love Welcome Caller, This is Chloe.
Celebrities loaning their faces to cosmetic companies is certainly a mainstay and actress Kate Winslet will be the face for a small makeup collection at Lancome this holiday season. Her charity, The Golden Hat Foundation which helps autistic children will be the beneficially of at least 150,000 euros from the collection's sales.
We hated all forms commerciality. And had the last laugh at the commercial record industry by finally understanding the inevitable pointless destruction of everything and the universe.
A Pirate Girl’s Treasure: An Origami Adventure by Peyton and Hilary Leung ($18.95, Kids Can Press) that uses the Japanese art of folded paper sculptures combined with a story about a girl whose pirate grandfather sends her a treasure map. This, too, is for the pre-schooler or very early reader, aged four and up. Parents of twins will welcome Take Two! A Celebration of Twins by J. Patrick Lewis and Jane Yolen, illustrated by Sophie Blackall ($16.95, Candlewick) may have something to do with the fact that Lewis is a twin. It is filled with facts about all things “twin”, fraternal, identical, and record-setting, all told with poetry. Daisy’s Perfect Word by Sandra V. Feder and illustrated by Susan Mitchell is a great introduction to independent reading and the joys of playing with language. As a longtime writer, I am biased, but the gift of reading and writing is one of the best a parent can pass along to any youngster.
We need to let go of the need to tell others what we think or feel they should do. In essence that's a way of trying to control others, even if our intentions our pour and our heart has good intentions.
And the more I look at it, the more I like it.
I fear the answer is yes, in a way. There was no way I was giving this proposal a rating of Excellent (the highest rating for an NSF proposal). If the proposal itself had been really well put together, showing more vision in general about the work and how to explain it, it could possibly have been in the Excellent range, but given what I saw in the proposal: no. Ignoring the fact that some of the shortcomings in understanding the proposal may have been my own, can I assume that the dense, complicated, non-linear, dry presentation of the proposed work is an indication of how the research itself will be undertaken, understood, and communicated? I decided the answer to that was also yes, and hence my overall positive but not-Excellent review.
(sparc) 3.02.005d
But the war in Iraq isn’t really what I want to write about. It seems to me that priority number one after September 11 should have been to regain control of our borders and to stem the flood of illegal immigrants, since at least a few of them may be inclined to become terrorists. Even if we are successful in the Middle East, but we fail to realize that homeland security begins at home, we will eventually have national catastrophes which will make September 11 seem as tame as an ice cream social.
Rejoice O earth in shining splendour,
Frankly I would like to have a bit more detail in the complaint and the justification. But the voters there did sign the petition and now the voters will decide.
We hope this will make the Round Ups easier to create and easier to contribute to! We’ll look forward to your feedback over the next few weeks. Sharon / @ReadingChick at Rain Makes Applesauce has the Round Up this week, 5/11, so she’s going to try out the new procedure with us and see how it goes!
04. Lovers In The Wind
This gem staring a very young Val Kilmer has been all but forgotten, which is sad.
Lunch at the pub was great. We took a leisurely approach and started with a couple of Beer Royales, a sessionable Belgian style beer brewed with hibiscus flowers, and a fruit and cheese plate. We sampled through most of the specialty beers and settled on a burger and a French Dip for lunch. They had on a Schwarzbier, an IPA, and a Belgian Wit. As usual the food and beer were fantastic, but the hospitality was above and beyond. I owe those guys some beer the next time I see them!
(SB 2.8.7 Purport)
Flora and Fauna of the area. Not sure what the plant is in the fall, but the seed pod is charming.
I was startled and decided to stop giving her advice. Looking back on the situation with perspective from years later, I now conclude that what Kathy (the evangelical feminist) wanted was, like Maria, a man who wouldn’t give her much shit. It was fine with her if she had to support Mel, as long as he let her wear the pants (so to speak) in the relationship.
Next up was Conda, who is now a blonde. She looked wonderful with shorter hair in her royal blue dress. It made her body look really nice. Her mom, grandmother and sister are there with her daughter Brooklyn. Then Jeremy came in and joined them, looking cuter than ever in a suit with spiky hair. He had the spiky hair, not the suit. Last, but not least, Kim looks nice and toned in her little black dress. Her hair looks really great and sort of feathery (sorta Farrah Fawcetty). She is overjoyed to see her kids and her mom. After everyone has had a chance to say hello, they are all led into a large room and Bob introduces the First Lady. As she walks in….. TO BE CONTINUED
Ok, what else. Yes, I have been to some chat rooms to see some people and enjoyed a few fun nights. Been really nice.
Unemployment stands at 8.7 percent statewide,and 9.8 percent in the city; in Southern Tier counties,it averages 8.9 percent.
While most places will just offer a handful of drinks and bar bites for Happy Hour, Katsuya has a pretty decent selection of fan favs from their regular menu as well as their signature cocktails and other drinks - here's the full HH menu:
I was very surprised that Cee Lo picked Juliet Simms over Jamar Rogers. I couldn’t decide between the two, so I didn’t envy Cee Lo. He clearly had the two best in the competition, but I think Jamar could have won. Oh well, the record industry would be foolish not to sign him.
Last Friday, a police study on rape in Sarawak found that over half the victims were school students. Over 70 percent of the rape victims were Malay and over 40 percent of the rapists were Malay.
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited has informed the Exchange that the Company has decided to publish the Audited Financial results for the financial year 2011-12 within 60 days from the end of the financial year (i.e. on or before May 30, 2012) and therefore the Company will not go for the publication of Un-audited results for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.
By the end of the day on Thursday, all the sick symptoms I was having earlier were gone. Every decision I made that day eventually brought me to that spot, at that exact time. Getting sick, missing work, spending three hours at the doctor... it all brought me to a specific point where I never would have been had I been healthy that day. I called at the right time, and caught my coordinator at just the right time. This is the second time in my life that I've been thankful to God for "striking" me with an illness lol. I owe this random happen-stance of events to God and His meticulous planning. However mischievous it may be. I like to think that God can be mischievous at times :) Sometimes our senses of humor even merge.
Left Pose: Magnefique Poses (Culture Shock 2012 Exclusive)
Wanderer is surgically inserted into Melanie’s body, reboots the hardware, takes a look around…and discovers Melanie’s still in there. Her consciousness, which is supposed to be snuffed out when a “soul” sets up shop, is very much present. And cranky.
Strange English aside, this sounds like what I need! Exfoliate? Remove oil, dirt (and excess)? Sign me up!! So how did it perform? Good!
My old tattered jeans doesn’t fit me anymore. That’s my plan. Making this old fashioned pants into more updated and stylish jeans.
Fall Creek Falls State Park contains five major waterfalls and we saw all of them. By the time we got to Cane Creek Cascade we were holding hands (Yeah!). It wasn’t too much later that I got my first kiss. (Double Yeah!!!)
With so much to carry over in philosophy and design, what has changed for 2012?
WOOO HOOO! My first DT assignment! I have very anxious to share the news with you all, but I had to patiently wait until today to share the news. I have landed my fist DT assignment and it's with Melin and the wonderful team over at Cooking With Cricut!!! (insert happy dance). I am totally looking forward to my term with CWC and have already (sorta ) planned almost half of my projects! (well in my head at least) I have so many ideas that I want to share and I can't wait to get started. So without further a do here is my introductory project for my DT:
My excitement stirred when I finished the first draft of the query. That's what really helped me finish the first draft of the MS. Then I got some great advice on how to improve the query from a couple of fantastic folks like Elana Johnson - as part of NiNoCon - and David Powers King. So I'm hoping I've made things better as far as the query is concerned. Still have to review the suggestions against the changes I've made.
18. Start a Christmas kitty.
“For the first time in 40 years, people are not voting left versus right but pro-bailout versus anti-bailout,” ALCO pollster Costas Panagopoulos said three days ago, “We cannot exclude any scenario.” The figures support Panagopoulus, although this is rarely appreciated in the MSM.
I knew that I would be spending some of my weekend walking G into our hotel room as she flopped onto her bed, wasted. But what I didn’t know was that I would end up spending much of my weekend helping her with dressing, bodily functions, walking, and drunk-circular-talking about family dynamics. The low points of my weekend were on night 1: begging a series of cab drivers to take us from a club to our hotel, after they refused because she was falling in the street and looked like she was about to vomit; and on night 3: when she took off her high-heeled shoes and walked down a filthy, dark, wet alley as I was trying to hail a cab. (Night 2 she was too hung over from Night 1 to chase the buzz until it tackled her.)
Roughly mash with spoon or fork. Eat or Marinate overnight. If doing this, place pits into the dip (keeps it extra fresh) Scale recipe as necessary to make enough for all the peeps. I like to get one avocado that isn’t quite ripe, which gives nice chunks, and then one super ripe one that wraps all the rest of the ingredients in deliciousness.
(1) Six (or likely more, if you're honest with yourself) of the following symptoms of inattention have persisted for the duration of your time in the blogosphere, to a degree that is maladaptive and inconsistent with the developmental level of other 32 year olds not living at home or working at the post office.
How far would you go to see a dead parent again?
He looks at the shop’s sign. “It’s cool man,” he says with a suspicious look as he walks away. He probably thought I was lying. And in truth I’ve lied about this to guys before, so it’s not out of the question.
Heat oil and butter over med-low heat in a deep saute pan. Add onion, celery and carrot and let soften but do not brown; about 5 mins. Add the ground meats and incorporate with vegetables. When the meat’s lost its colour, add the nutmeg, salt and pepper.
We even shook hands on it
Once in NYC, we took the subway everywhere. It's easy to use if you have a subway map. A subway ride is $2. You have to buy a MetroCard, which you can get at pretty much any subway stop with your debit card (or cash). We spent a total of about $60 for the four of us on subway tickets for 3 days. For Duncan at 11, the subway was possibly the highlight of the trip. He would have been perfectly happy to ride it all day. And riding the subway is for sure an essential NY experience.
Combine all 3 ingredients in a large (non-stick) saucepan. Heat and stir (with wooden spoon) on medium for 3 to 5 minutes until butter is melted. Bring to a boil Boil for about 5 minutes, without stirring (or stirring rarely), until slightly thickened. Makes about 1 cup (250 mL) sauce.
Where a rain falls every once in a while
The three of us go for a swim in the outdoor swimming pool at the community leisure centre but then staff change their mind about Gary the Goat because someone has complained. If they had thrown us out because Jimbo and I had turned their pool cloudy then I would understand. But Gary the Goat was happily chewing grass and being patted by the local kids while we had a swim.
I am often told I am a ‘confident’ person, personally I don’t think I am I know for a fact If people think this you are wrong it’s in my attempt to cover any of my own insecurities.
Just a quick post today.
What made you want to become a writer?
The contest will end on May 12, 2010 at 11:59 Central time. The winner will be chosen by random.org. The winner will have 48 hours to respond or another winner will have to be chosen. Open to US addresses only.
Yet somehow accepting this fate
Some people might purchase cribs and swings when nesting, but only one thing came to mind when I thought about going back into baby mode. A new couch. Owyn and I spent most of our time on the couch after he was born. Napping, feeding, entertaining, etc. I hated our couch and ran across this jem last week and haven't been able to get it out of my head. "It's perfect, I can lay the baby down and not have to worry about him/her rolling off!", Id plead to Dave.
Which hops can now be sold “East Kent Goldings” is now protected under European law with a tightly defined geographical area and the hop varieties required to have the typical essential oil composition of Goldings (4).
Her dress and butterfly were paper pieced with papers from The Girls Paperie Vintage Whimsy...she was colored with copics and I did darken the dress color with copics so it would look a little better with her skin color. Spellbinders dies were used for the flower and leaves and the Vintage Whimsy background papers were sewn and distressed. Ribbon, lace, pearls, button, and twine finish it off.
A roundabout on Governor’s Road at Davidson Boulevard has been further delayed as the Dundas Downtown Transportation Master Plan undergoes a complete review.
Cake Flour - 1 cup minus 2 T all-purpose flour
Rimmel London Last Finish Lipstick in Amethyst Sparkle
Something that does not exist, and not uncommon for small farmers of Indonesia to insure farm. This is because that no one insurance company was willing to look the business community and small farmers lack the collateral efforts of small farmers who can guarantee the success of their business.
I have to admit, when I first put the CD into the cd player in my car my kids were hyped when the first track’s familiar melody came floating out of the speakers and then when they realized the it was kids singing Tik Tok and not the original artist, they looked a little confused, but they quickly got over their confusion and began singing along. I have to admit, it was nice being able to play a CD in its entirety with my kiddos in the car without switching from track to track or station to station to find an appropriate song for them to listen to!
2. Line a dish with baking parchment, pour in the mixture & press down firmly. Leave in the fridge to set for 20 mins.
He wept. He promised ‘a new start’.
WHBC started broadcasting on March 9, 1925 from the St. John's Catholic Church in Canton, with its first facility sporting just ten watts of power at the AM dial position of 1180. Today's WHBC broadcasts with 15,000 watts day, 5,000 watts night on AM 1480.
Barrionuevo begins by recalling — correctly — that two years ago, Cristina’s re-election prospects looked dicey, the outlook dimmed by conflict with the powerful agricultural sector, increasing inflation, and a number of scandals. (Not mentioned is a temporary slowdown in economic growth.) But in the past two years — and especially since Néstor died — Cristina has experienced an exceptional turnaround, winning reelection by an historic margin. Barrionuevo attributes this revival largely to this year’s economic growth of 8%, so strong that it led voters to overlook “troubling signs” like high inflation and a heavy-handed approach to critics. So far, no real complaints.
Good ridiculous though. Just busy, crazy busy.
I was in the wings when the world began-
The gift of administration is mentioned in I Corinthians 12:28. Administration means to govern, pilot, direct or steer. It was used to describe a person that would steer a ship. A person with the gift of administration is a good strategic thinker, organized, has supervisory skills and manages people and projects well. When directions are set by leadership, this person can help accomplish the job efficiently.
On the more truly "baby" end of the field, your likely #1 contender is the Biggie Baby.
A willing driver, who thinks it is a privilege (and FUN!) to drive my mini-van, anywhere.
SIDE NOTE: Yes, the pork appears to be slightly pink, in the middle. This is safe, according to the USDA website. The internal temperature should be 145F. If you doubt, click here to read it!
Women’s health
My mom worked for Paramount Studios at the time, for an up-and coming whippersnapper of an executive (Jeffrey Katzenberg). She worked from 8am to 8pm everyday and would come from Hollywood to pick me up in Northridge so I wouldn't have to take the bus both ways. We were both very dedicated to our passions.
With respect to the motion to include the vote and opinion of the late Mr. Justice Perfecto in the decision of these cases, it appears that Mr. Justice Perfecto died and ceased to be a member of this Court on August 17, 1949, and our decision in these cases was released for publication on August 26, 1949. Rule 53, section 1, in connection with Rule 58, section 1, of the Rules of Court, is as follows:
The nose is a strong and rich malt, with a solid dose of wood, vanilla, and a tinge of alcohol.
Brie cheese - 1
As we near the feast day of our beloved saint let us ask for his intercession that we may humbly and obediently embrace the Magisterial teachings of Mother Church, recognizing that in the Body of Christ lies our strength and hope. May we be protected from the waves of dissent and divergent opinion, seeking the gifts of wisdom and discernment and the guidance of the Church.
_ Helping locate and typing articles for the newsletter. Did you notice this one’s late and also a two-month combined newsletter? You could help the newsletter get published on time.
And someone said that most teenagers don't begin their Web searches on Google but on YouTube. Good thing I'm getting that video camera this month!
My pick though, is a nice version of Love's Theme, with flute, brass and voices being used instead of strings.
So why talk about it now? Because our country seems to be waking up to the realization that part of the solution in stopping suicides is to be willing to talk about the problem.
“We must always remember that the government has a responsibility to preserve national security and stability as these are vital to a country’s survival and prosperity,” he said.
Man Ray (1 gelatin silver print and 1 book, 1924, 1927)
I love the picture above of Ms. Audrey Hepburn because she seems so contemplative and content. I have been so busy with my incredibly stressful former job, the apartment move, and next job step possibilities that I haven't really taken time for myself. I'm starting a new job in a few weeks and I think this is the best time to relax and take time not only for myself, but to those people I don't see often. I'm doing a whirlwind trip to DC, NYC, and San Diego in a few days. It will be great to take a few days for myself and then to see family and friends for a little while too. I hope that this will really restore me and have me ready for what may come next!
Conservatives, particularly those with college educations, have become dramatically more skeptical of science over the past four decades, according to a study published in the April issue of the American Sociological Review. Fewer than 35 percent of conservatives say they have a “great deal” of trust in the scientific community now, compared to nearly half in 1974.
Fancy Pants Paper
And cool robots.
I believe that books help to develop a sense of individual self. The introverted nature of reading ... you and the book, is part of its power. No one knows what you are thinking as you read. No one can see what changes might be taking place under the surface of your silent repose, and there lies the essence of its transforming power.
or compassion ~ why? Did we not
Coloring was done with Copic Markers, sponging is with VersMagic ink, and my image was cut out with Spellbinders, Labels Twenty-Two.
The ‘as’ here has particular meaning (as opposed to using the word ‘in’). As implies a ‘way of life’, a ‘point of view’, it implies action on the part of the person living the life. It implies there is a indistinguishable relationship between the person living the life and the life that is being lived – they mutually create and shape one another. If we used the word ‘in’, then it implies that where one lives is independent of the person living the life – like some independent place that exists from its own side. That is a false conception of things.
My local animal shelter, Upland Animal Shelter, is personal to me. I’ve adopted two dogs from there and I’m so grateful that someone scooped these strays up from the streets, treated them and fed them and kept them warm & dry for a few days so that I could meet them and take them home with me.
That is, don’t make it a priority to find someone to be with.
daughter's lover was outside tapping on the window.
Orange dress, The Limited. Gray long-sleeved tee, Bitten. Gray tights, Merona. Gray slouchy boots, White Mountain. Orange capiz earrings and gold-tone necklace, Xhilaration.
The second round of the presidential election is scheduled for May 6.
The testimonials from his peers and townsmen aboutFranklin’s industrious spirit prove to his father (and to his son) that Franklin had been obedient and in compliance with the paternal authority: “the Industry of that Franklin,” Dr. Baird testifies, “is superior to anything I ever saw of the kind” (577). Conscious of his son as an audience, Franklin purposefully underscores the benefits he reaped by being in accord with his father’s industriousness, hoping to impart his son of the same ethics: “this Industry visible to our Neighbors began to give us Character and Credit” (577), especially during the times of his first printing business with Meredith. Invariably, such positive reputation brings Franklin a lot of business “Offers” (577), which eventually help elevate him to an economic success. Thus,Franklin’s industrious ideology, the very doctrine that he explicitly endeavors to pass down to his son – and, by extension, to the sons of America – originates from his father.
I just have to visit strip clubs in all the states with large votes in the Electoral College.
I have this product on their lightest colour – Opal – but it’s not quite light enough and therefore I don’t use it that often. They do have a slightly greater colour range in their Corrective Stick which I hope to try in Porcelain.
Go for it girl.
I am a collage artist who loves biological illustration, landscapes and making or altering books. I also work on canvas and wood. I love to make things look old. My style involves layers of textured paints, scraping and tearing, and changing and adding to surfaces. I find all these processes so freeing after drawing and painting representationally for so many years. I guess I like to work with the abstract, classical and impressionist at different times depending upon my mood. Nature has a huge influence on all my art.
01 - Get Above
Her husband, the Spring Valley police chief, is "not implicated whatsoever," Rockland County District Attorney Thomas Zugibe said.
First, the hardware for our new front doors never arrived. So (sans handles) our new doors are unusable, and remain closed only by the weight of a hefty bronze horse statue. Our guests will be greeted on Christmas Day by me leaning out the laundry window and shouting 'Come round the back!'. Not quite the elegant arrival I was hoping for...
“Yes, sir. Just got in,” Tanner replied leaving out anything about mouse farts.
I pick up my phone. ‘Change of plans. Where shall I meet you?’
My life is exhausting.
That big plant behind it is a sunflower that came up last year (I’m assuming from our bird seed) and it’s coming back. I LOVE it so it’s staying there. :)
it is not that i have no material, honestly i do- you're looking at THE girl who knocked over an enormous grandfather clock in the middle of a freaking holiday concert at the governor's mansion... and yes i heard about it from everyone in the bi-state area... and yes as soon as i did it i thought what a fantastical blog post i just paved the way for. but so far i haven't written a thing about it.
The funny thing about all this, and getting the new bunny is, the only reason that MOH consented was because he thinks that the mini lops are too small for Saint to herd without hurting them. I have a girlfriend who also has a Giant, a female. I called her about the idea of mating them when mine gets older just to see what we can throw. She was really jazzed up about the idea, and then I said, “Say a prayer so MOH will say yes.” I called him and told him the story about the bunny, and before I got to the punch line about my girlfriend and the potential income from the babies, he said, “Okay, I can pick it up tomorrow. Saint won’t kill the lops playing with them now.” I called her right back and said, “MOH said yes.” She was bowled over by how easy that was. Then I told her the bunny is for Saint.
As the film progresses, the young novices try to find a way to watch the world cup. They are forced to rent a TV from an Indian dealer. However, things don’t go as smoothly as planned and a number of problems cause obstructions. However, these problems only test the solidarity of the young students.
about our date'. We went to a restaurant that, although not elegant, was
Starring as Labour candidate Sarah Cain, Nicole Kidman stayed in character as she wanted to act as a role model for women everywhere: ”Men, darling? I don’t need men!
At around 250 metres over the ground I saw a bird in front of me, going up slowly but still going up. I flew over and sure enough there was a thermal...although it was a very stinky one. A pooh thermal to be exact. A tractor was fertilizing the fields below and with each pass of the field would release the tiny, smelly thermals. For 30 whole minutes I spent my time between 250-350 metres over the ground happily drifting all around the valley floor, while everyone else was shivering while flying up high over the mountain. Any time my thermal vanished I would just head for my trusty tractor & literally sniff around til I found the lift again. It was exactly like a flying dream...quiet, smooth air and the feeling of just being able to float around above the ground forever.
boy is very disturbed and probably lives in a shack with other people
Despite the telegrams I sent to military headquarters hoping to by-pass these orders, I could not persuade anyone that my services were sufficiently important for the War Office to call me up at once. One thing about living on your own in the bush for months on end is that you are in no doubt as to your own importance. It is surprising, therefore, and rather irritating to find that others also have their problems which take no account of yours. It is also rather salutary.
I am confused.
Till then lets look at depositing in these banks and not investing or borrowing…..
The other side of a Princess: I write a personal blog to give some insight into the lives of a special needs family. About our triumphs and fears and what we have gone through together in the past 21 years. http://iamstillstandingafterallthistime.blogspot.com I am a writer, social entrepreneur, special needs advocate, point-and-shoot photographer, web-surfer, gardener, cook, and book reader. I created my first website in 1995 as part of the creation of Hadley’s Park. Now I blog and am currently writing a book.
Now the whole lot of them are completed and I am left only to play around with blog photos.
On Saturday night, I ate dinner at my favorite local Italian restaurant, Trattoria Spaghetto (as mentioned in my story, Donato), conveniently located on Father Demo Square. It was an exquisite evening. Strolling out and through the small park, I saw a man with an enormous telescope, welcoming all to observe and partake in the wonders of the universe for free. There were no shortage of lookers.
These are the hands of your best friend, young and strong and full of
So we’re a little off the topic of cleaning and organizing, but the torrential downpour in Dallas made me think about being prepared for floods, tornadoes, or any other kind of home disaster. Being prepared for the unexpected is a big part of being a responsible homeowner. Whether your daughter forgets to turn off the bathtub and it floods your flooring, or you lose your entire home, it’s important to be prepared and to have a plan of action ready and available for your family to follow.
I own one top-quality shirt, a cotton button-down collar model made by Cego Custom Shirtmakers, located not far from where I live. It wasn't custom made for me, mind you, but it might as well have been. The fit is excellent.
I love my friends.
I cant wait to see you both tomorrow. I just wanted you to know that I am thinking about you both and praying that whatever you decide for Kendall, that you will have peace and know that you are an amazing mommy...
from kim ayres on reading friday's entry: So does this mean we've seen you beyond naked?
Lucien, when he's with Vancouver Son, goes insane. I can't say it was the most relaxing evening for Alex or me because we had to keep jumping up to pull Lucien off the curtains, or out of the china cabinet, or off the roof of the building. Virginia Mom and Dad, who have two quieter and calmer girls, sat at the table and got drunk while the rest of us dealt with the chaos of boys.
More than just a pretty face, Christy Turlington Burns can now add filmmaker to her resume. Perhaps her best role in life however is that of parent. The mother of two children, Christy suffered complications after delivery following a healthy pregnancy. She was shocked to learn hundreds of thousands of women die in childbirth each year – and upwards of 90% of them are preventable.
Cantor: yes I today I endorse Mitt Romney
My blog is ordinary and not popular, but it is about this one ordinary woman with many interests, gifts, talents, thoughts, beliefs, fears, desires, hopes, worries, activities, and duties, who has at times been a part of some very extraordinary things. If I separate the extraordinary from the ordinary, how can it really glorify God? How can I show people the gifts of the Spirit are real in the here and now if I do not use them or tell others about them? How can I help others to learn to listen to God if I keep silent about what my Lord has said to me? If I never report any of the signs and visions I have been given, who will believe God gave them and praise Him for answers to prayers?
Until then, I'll keep popping in, just so you don't forget me.
In my head I battle those crazy voices that shout my unworthiness, then echo the mean emails. Who do I think I am? I’m not worthy to write books. My message is skewed, or unimportant.
Ask yourself all these questions, as I do, endlessly. If you come up with any responses that could possibly redeem behavior which seems driven by evil, hubris, or moral stupidity, please let me know. I could use some understanding here.
We had a fun time at Manchester Museum last weekend (I very much recommend it if you're in the area) She wasn't sure about see the T-Rex at first but wanted to see him and loved it. We're lucky with the decent National Trust houses locally and have great museums with Manchester Museum, MOSI and Liverpool Museusm.
Prima: Petal Pins: Iced
Here is another high-energy band, with semi-legend status to boot. Along with Crying Nut (whom I considered to be too big to be included in this list), No Brain revolutionized punk rock in Korea since their debut in 1998. If nothing else, they sure know how to play with the crowd.
You should have been there for the to doozy argument my husband and I had about the appalling dinner I served up after the photo shoot! The heat makes me crazy – I am the basket case in case you were wondering.
I won’t go looking for series over stand-alone, but a series is obvs longer and so a good series trumps a good book. There’s more of it!
The beginning of his singing career was bound up with the halcyon days of pre-war Glyndebourne. He recalls, wittily and nostalgically, the magic atmosphere which seemed to surround John Christies activities. He describes the pleasures and the difficulties of working with Jani Strasser, Fritz Busch and Carl Ebert and gives a fascinating glimpse of the life of a young singer in that circle.
What advice would you give to anyone wanting to get into the industry ?
Yesterday was a great day! We took our second day of Advanced Open Water and completed our deep dive and another elective. Our day started early at 715 at the shop. I don’t like to get up early but I will if I’m going diving. We completed our knowledge reviews and were on our way down to the Waianae Boat Harbor by 8am.
Will the people of Egypt has a better government if their current President stand down?
Jennifer Hoffman
Here’s the thing world: Eating isn’t my issue.
And it’s hard for my spiritual life that Hadar doesn’t meet for those weeks. Hadar is my spiritual home here, but it’s hard not to feel dropped when it stops meeting because “everybody” goes home. And I know that there are good reasons for that. But it’s hard not to experience it as part of a larger feeling of feeling left out or neglected. As representing more than it is.
Cost will be dependent on how many children come (the more children, the cheaper it will be).
If writing about your dreams is the worst thing you can do to your readers, writing about your mates would have to be a close second.
Have you seen the movie Rocky? It’s the story of an up and coming boxer who trains hard, eats right, goes the extra mile, and in the end, gets his chance at the title fight. Of course, everyone expects an exhibition by the reigning champ, a bout expected to last only a round or two. But to the world’s surprise, Rocky gives the champ a stirling run, and in the end, even though he loses at the judges tally, he is still standing and the crowd chants his name. That’s Glengoyne; an underestimated contender destined to be the champion.
- 1 tablespoon of olive oil
I'm not saying relaxation and leisure is out for me. I just observe that I tend to mistake this for peace. When this happens, it's not altogether relaxing because there is never enough of it.
Now, per the paints' instructions, apply 2 coats and let it dry for 4 hours. Did I let it dry for 4 hours? No. Do I ever follow instructions? No. So I just put it under a warm desk lamp for about an hour. As soon as it wasn't tacky anymore, I moved on. Do I recommend this? No. My results were perfect, but everyones' individual experience could be different. To ensure the proper outcome, follow the instructions. ;)
I won't speed on the highway on the way home, and go 85 in a 65 zone because my car is SO FREAKING BADASS AND I LOVE WEAVING THROUGH TRAFFIC LIKE AN ASSHOLE. I won't, huh? Freaking TURBO, bitch. You bet I will.
eyes smile too
Although I do have an image in my head of a group of leather jacket wearing ASBO wielding caterpillars going fully tooled up to watch the syncronised swimming. (It is both scary and funny what goes through my head sometimes)
Although it's a serious topic and you will learn useful skills, we're also going to have a lot of fun together, and I don't want you to miss out.
his rates are so high there. It was nice to have him call and miss me.
Row 7: sc2tog, sc in next 2 sc, sc2tog, ch 1, turn (4).
Now to buy show gear. Yikes! We will be looking for consignment for sure!
Carbon offsets lack credibility. (and are leading to unfortunate follow-ons such as sustainable palm oil certificate trading)
I try to keep things steady, to keep it all going and not tip to the side of drama. I hold in the frustrations and stop saying the full truth. I can handle this, I think, and decide that there is nothing worth saying that I can’t fix on the sidelines. There is something about wanting to remain unstressful for the people around me. For not demanding more attention to the projects and goings on in my world. I sabotage myself by the absence of words.
This is the second time I have read my poetry in New York. The first time was at Oded's major retrospective in 2003. I read a poem about his life and work and it was translated into Hebrew this year and published in a literary magazine in Jerusalem.
The world tells women that if they don't have the exact same responsibilities or opportunities as men then they are being cheated and controlled. This is just another of Satan's lies. Men and women are different and God has given each different talents, gifts and responsibilities that enrich the lives of all human beings. Joseph Smith taught the early women of the Relief Society that "...Being organized under priesthood authority, they were to reject worldly concepts of power and seek the power that flows down from heaven for those functions and to those individuals who are using their time and talents in the Lord’s way." (Dallin H. Oaks, "The Relief Society and the Church", 1992) Men and women aren't here on earth to compete against each other, but rather are here to help one another return to the presence of God. When men and women learn to respect and sustain one another in their sacred responsibilities then the work of God goes forth at a brilliant pace, blessing the lives of all the human family.
And have the funnest of fun
The tunnel-keeper cleared his throat. “Actually, sorry but I think I forgot to make myself completely clear on this one – one of these doors leads to what you seek, the other two lead to INSTANT DEATH.”
I’m excited to see my sisters and their men, dogs, and babies. I’m excited to see my brother and my parents and my grandparents, and I’m excited to introduce my little wonton to all of my favorite things. Books! Gin & Tonics! Roast beef with mashed potatoes and yorkshire pudding, drowning in gravy! White wine in the summer! My parents’ swimming pool! Basketball! Playing board games with family! Barbecues! Hot tubs! Sushi! Fireplaces! Chocolate ice-cream! Long walks in the woods with my furry friend! Barbecue Ruffles Potato Chips! Snuggling up on the couch with R and the pooch! New York City! Though maybe not in that order…perhaps G&T won’t be second on our list of things to try, and maybe we’ll be able to experience NYC sooner rather than later…But it is hard to imagine a lifetime where all these things are possible and likely to happen, but so so so differently from how I’ve experienced them up until now.
How can you prevent RSI?
My first Shipyard beer. Heard a bit about the brewery, but just never ran across them.
As a part of National Police Week, the ceremony is our way of thanking our own law enforcement officers for the important work they do to serve and protect our community.
Linden stared at her, shocked. He’d never given any thought to how his behavior looked to other people. “I don’t hate him. I did, or I thought I did. I blamed him for everything, but he didn’t have anything to do with anything and it wasn’t fair. I don’t hate him, really. We’re getting along fine now, so just forget about all that, would you?”
Such an assertion I have made many times, including it with great detail in my book, Ministry of Defeat. If it were not true, it would be libellous and wrongly damaging to the reputations of two of Britain's most senior generals. No one, however, has ever disputed the issues.
Even after all these wonderfully entertaining alphabet books, Dr. Seuss’s ABC is still my favorite. This book is a fabulous learning tool. Dr. Suess skillfully applied his signature nonsensical narrative to help children learn their ABC’s. Each page reinforces the basic concepts of upper and lower case. In addition, he frequently stopped for review by choosing a few pages throughout the book to repeat the letters we have already learned. This book is a joy to read and helped both of my children learn their ABC’s with ease!
So since a bunch of us 2nd grade bloggers have come together at Me and My Gang to form a group, I thought my first post there should be about grouping. I'm sure you've heard that "organizing students in heterogeneous cooperative learning groups at least once a week has a significant effect on learning." Marzano sure knows his stuff! Research has also shown that "low-ability students perform worse when grouped in homogeneous ability groups." (Kulik & Kulik)
The first Sunday Gina came, she was late. The service had already begun and she had to climb over four laps to reach the empty chair beside me. Both my husband and daughter, well aware of my allergy, cast disparaging glances my way as she passed them, for Gina had apparently indulged in a cigarette or two on the way to church. Smoke fumes saturated her clothes and hair like supersonic death rays. I was Clark Kent and she was kryptonite.
“No problem, I don’t really speak to anyone and didn’t fancy another day sat in the park on my lonesome. I’ve wanted to talk to you for ages” the admission slipped out before she could stop it and she caught her lip with her teeth as if to bite it back. But his hand pressed reassuringly closer and she looked up at his smile and the light in his eyes. She relaxed and they kept strolling towards the local park where other city dwellers came to escape the daily stresses and strains of work life for this one precious daytime hour.
Being Canadian has it's advantages when you are married to an American. In July it happens to be a month of fun and parties! We celebrate Canada day on the 1st and Independence day on the 4th. A whole four days of fireworks (if there isn't a burn ban-DANG! the OK drought this year), food, fun, and celebration.
7. Portobello Road Market, London
Nope, this isn’t advertising. It’s entertainment. And so I don’t feel bad when my kids spend some time in front of a Scholastic show. Unless it’s the one where Aretha gives the “Star Spangled Banner” the treatment.
Dead and Gone
Now here’s what’s really, really cool about bacteria. There’s this one “species” called bacterial flagellum. And bacterial flagellum has this little propeller that whips around and moves it. A lot like . . the propeller on a boat. And since the bacterial flagellum came first . . . looks like somebody didn’t have an original idea, whether they knew it or not.
aaaand, it's done. it's still wet, so i haven't propped all my bed stuff up again, but its done. it looks better in person, and i could stand to be a little more precise. buuuut, it's pretty close, and that is good enough for me, for now!
#151 trying to find a running groove
Release Date: JAN 27, 2012
That’s right, suckers. I have a master’s degree in Shakesepeare. Lot of good it did me.
The value investing school can have a big debate about the differences. The reality is the two stock picks are different and investors may be wondering what Berkshire is going to be all about. Solid blue chip or buy ugly deep value but we have to turn this around first investing.
Susan Harris (REP) 4.53% 196
“There’s certainly an experience difference. We as Catholics believe our experience informs our faith and our faith informs our experience. It’s – how can I say this? When you don’t work every day with people who live on the margins of our society, it’s much easier to make easy statements about who’s right and who’s wrong.”
It would, in some ways, be good for me to be writing about the job. There are a lot - and y'all, I mean a lot - of things about this institution and the the way the place works that make for SERIOUS blog content. But for a variety of reasons I feel that it's likely I would be un-anonymized by someone there, sooner or later, if I blogged regularly, and for a variety of reasons I feel like I would likely get fired if I were found out while doing a lot of unsavory blogging. It's just not a good idea. And neither is glib happy blogging.
Remarkably, no one in the big-time media or the Obama Administration noticed the significance of Mullen’s remarkably insubordinate, gratuitous statement. Apparently this guy's setting up a political campaign inside the Pentagon.
Fabrics: Kona White, Micheal Miller, Robert Kaufman, Heidi Grace and various other scraps I have collected the years.
The OD&D Discussion forum list includes:
So… this will be my 50th post – I’ll leave short pause for everyone to go “Oooh!”
The reason for picking this color was because my kids wanted a pink room, but I am not a huge fan of pink colors. I do like some shades of pink and this tone was one of the pink shades that I like. It gives a soft and sweet look to the room.
Join us at Trinity for a special showcase night night with some of the best local bands and solo artists around.
This train, the steel wheels singing
(my emphasis)
Well, it felt like it anyway. We hit the trail for a bit this morning (the first trail walk of the new year), and only did 2 miles, but to me, it felt like I had basically started completely over in walking. I felt every one of those footsteps, and every pound that I have gained. I hate that feeling! But I'm using it as more encouragement to get back into the 3-4 mile walks every other day or so...esp as it starts staying light longer, and the weather changes some.
The moment lasts only a few seconds. But his smile, when he finally lets my sister go, is just as broad as hers.
There are, without a doubt still good days and bad days. Yesterday I worked an extremely stressful 14 hour shift (it was supposed to be only 12 hours) and obviously was a little less relaxed than one would hope. Now as I sit here writing away as well as seeing what the other writers of the world have to say I find myself excited about what this new adventure will bring.
After eating dinner last minute at another restaurant, we dashed over to IMAX where we were told all tickets for Titanic were sold out for the next week. Decide to walk to another cinema to watch it. We walked for 30 minutes in freezing cold which was then accompanied by a freezing deluge of rain. Fortunately, the hellish burning in my hobbling feet from my heels was enough to keep me warm. It was also enough to keep us bickering all the way to the cinema, after which we sat down in our seats completely drenched and shitty with each other. That lasted for about 5 minutes. What can I say, popcorn solves everything.
I've been trying for a few months now to collect things and find the time to work on some homemade toys. I finally have been successful the past couple of weeks!
Instead, four people holding prominent positions in the city would be allowed to each appoint one person. The president of the Floyd County Bar Association, the New Albany Postmaster, the principal of New Albany High School and the chancellor of Indiana University Southeast would each be given one selection.
Take away the first and they become a mob, the second a routed mob. Their ability to maintain tactical coherence and strong unit morale, which I take to be considerable, is impressive and a significant advantage in the face of less well-disciplined opponents. It presumably derives largely from distinct Antifa chapters acting in unison during Antifa actions, as it would be exceptionally difficult to maintain if members were dispersed at random throughout the Antifa contingent. As in an army, so in Antifa: small-unit cohesion will be an indispensable component in how they work.
Maximize your profit by checking out this show!
Clenching his teeth against the pain, he rolled off the rocky shelf that served as his bed. He could not walk because his stupid horse had fallen on him and crushed one of his legs. He crawled across the floor, the bandaged stump of his arm leaving a trail of blood. The mirror had cracked, making a jagged line across his mother’s face to match the scar Arthur’s sword had left across his own.
But if you know the program you really can't do a whole lot.
Your Image, backing papers and embellies
For those who represent our spirit here, and away, from the United States ….
Photo Note: Taken with the EOS 7D and EF 35 f1.4 L with single speedlight 580EX2. The dish was photographed as it was served without any adjustment or styling for the photography. Burger was eaten within minutes of image taken!
I made a super delicious recipe this week from Skinny taste, you should check it out. It is so cheesy, bacony, yummy, and relatively simple to make. I enjoyed it as did my friend who is not on weight watchers. Also, you got 6 ounces of delicious, cheesy, bacon, chicken, for only 9 points. I paired it with some green beans for a supper easy dinner.
You can click on Nyootv.com and watch the trailer of ‘Housefull 2’. NyooTV provides you a complete theatrical feeling being online. It’s like treasure for viewers having more than 1,70,000 video uploaded. You have to only click and watch and get entertained. A huge collection of full length Bolywood movies, trailers of forthcoming Bollywood movies, TV shows (old and new), music videos (old and new). You can also watch them in high definition for free. Daily updates on Bollywood events and gossips as you check out videos on all Bollywood Events, Bollywood & page 3 Parties, Music Launch, Bollywood trailers. NyooTV’s host of social media features brings together entertainment with social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter and MySpace. Viewers can share their favorite videos with their friends on their Facebook walls and Twitter update. They can invite their friends to join them on Nyootv.com for fun and entertainment as they can choose to like, dislike or share a video with their friends and have loads of entertainment only on NyooTV.com!
How I love this project! I just hope I will be able to complete it. So far so good. I am missing March layout but I have the pictures and I hoped to make it the same time as April layout but I run out of the photo paper! I am using similar format for all my Take 12 layouts - square pictures, approximately 3.25"x3.25" arranged on a page in a grid-like pattern. One strip of patterned paper, a title cut with Diesel Lifestyle Crafts alpha dies and few embellishments.
The likelihood is that, with the ongoing police investigations, the NotW appeal and the possibility that Mr Anwar will refer the conviction to the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission, the case of Her Majesty’s Advocate v Sheridan will remain a rich source for comment and speculation for several years to come!
...Given the Framers’ clear intent to establish a limited government of enumerated powers, it is unsurprising that this Court has consistently reaffirmed that the federal government does not enjoy a general police power. ... The Court should not now break with this well established and foundational American principle.
792 **D-II/1/1980. “The Preamble to the Constitution of the United States.” Ohio University, Athens, Ohio. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(10), above, pp. 68-89.)
‘No Lugg, I haven’t touched it… Last time I saw it, it was at the back of the cave on top of the pile of antlers.’
I visited the Sci Fi Laboratory, the radio show, again last Thursday to talk about a program that I would be presenting during Black History Month. One of the show hosts, Xavier, asked whether we (the other authors on the show) were visiting schools and talking to young people, because he had never really encountered people of color who were working in the field. He went on to say that he might have been more interested had he been exposed to people like myself and the other writers in the room, because of the example that we represented.
3: 8:09
Anyways, before I go I have a question. Why is it 'The Legend of Zelda' and not Link? He does all the adventuring and monster-slaying. He's the one who saves the world from evil forces all the time. Call me crazy but I think Link is more legendary. I guess you could call him the unsung hero.
The activities of Śrī Caitanya Mahāprabhu are undoubtedly uncommon, especially His talking like a madman. Therefore, one who hears of these pastimes should not put forward mundane arguments. He should simply hear the pastimes with full faith.
However, IV does mention that it "has purchased more than 30,000 assets and . . . has earned nearly $2 billion by licensing these patents to some of the world's most innovative and successful technology companies who continue to use them."
So I am going to take the week off from blogging. I will be back next week, I hope.
I played make up artist for the girls...
Our discussion then shifted to medicine and to the Conakry National Museum and its major collection of masks and fetishes relating to traditional African medicine. So often the portrayal of this type of medicine is characterized by witch doctors and voodoo. During my time in Togo, I became close friends with Monsieur Daniel, a traditional medicine man, and would occasionally accompany him on his rounds to family compounds in the nearby villages. What he demonstrated was counter to the traditional stereotypes of African medicine from Tarzan-like movies. He would take
After Seagate, numerous litigators, commentators and bloggers predicted remarked that the Seagate decision created an "extraordinarily high burden" for proving willfulness and would "almost certainly . . . make proof of willful infringement much more difficult for patentees."
I've been working in the school for the last few days.
I’ve recently worked with a recruiting firm and went in for a few in person interviews. The following day I received a post card with a hand written note from my recruiter. I have to say I was very impressed by the use of snail mail. It does make a difference when your mailbox is mostly bills and magazines. Post cards are always welcome! Below is a picture of the hand written portion of the post card I received.
Summer is almost here friends.
In his long career he made approximately 114 sculptures, as well as more than 100 paintings. Among these works are the bronze doors and statue of Shakespeare for the Congressional library, the statue of Nathan Hale in City Hall Park in Manhattan, “Truth” and “Beauty” in the New York Public Library’s façade, and the Marne Battle Monument, which he presented to France in exchange for the Statue of Liberty. In 1931, he designed the medal given to Charles Lindbergh upon his completion of the first solo trans-Atlantic flight.
Bicep burnouts
4. Bake in preheated oven 20 minutes until golden brown.
“Shut up, Piper!” I wasn’t asking for your fucking opinion!” Schuyler retaliated.
Rustie – Crakk Squirrel
He said the Setara rating would be used as an input by the Higher Education Ministry in formulating appropriate higher education policies.
A universe of stars and moons revolve around the room and the music box chimes begin to distort. Stars morph into angry dancers as a full moon illuminates the furthest corner nearest a locked door. Jasmine is fighting for her tiny life as a furious man tries to extinguish it. He remains focused and is oblivious to the rising of a menacing shadow as it emerges from the corner of the room. First small, then spreading like ink on blotting paper until its
Turns out, the world is a great deal larger than I thought.
Chapter 17: Workflow Patterns
Efforts have been made to develop a quieter jackhammer. In 2000, Brookhaven National Laboratory worked on a helium gas gun device called the Raptor, which was to be much quieter than any conventional diesel-powered compressor-styled device. The noise levels on the newer gun were claimed to be substantially less. However, the device was not as promised, the project appears to be stalled, and so for now, it's carpal tunnel syndrome, white finger, and bruises for the workers. For the rest of us, it's deafening noise, As Usual…
In the 50’s, at our house, the telephone was still a fascination. It appeared to be nothing more than a shiny black box with a rotary dial and long cord running into the wall. Each hole of the dial, except for the one and the zero, had three letters and one number. Our number was LA2-1309. I couldn’t understand how the telephone knew if mother was dialing LA or JB.
We all had a good laugh over that. But, deep down, I really liked how it felt–being called Jesus!
But I'm on the run from these chains
Thera; ‘It will definately be a must for everyone that loves Raw and extreme Hardstyle! With my mix for the Loudness CD, I want to show how surprising, original and grown this amazing genre can be. But with óne rule: It must be experienced extremely loud!’
And as we were ready to depart, a white crown sparrow popped out of the bushes to wish us good bye. But upon reflection of his aggressive chirping tone I almost think he was saying, "GO HOME!" And so we did . . .
Take our leisure centres. Our leisure opportunities are crucial. They feed into both our economic and cultural life and involve multi-million pound contracts.
The cost of inaction As these questions illustrate, an effective strategy in any life insurance sales opportunity is helping the prospect understand the cost of inaction. When working with a business prospect, share this example as a way to motivate the business owner into action.
“Ouch, you bit me hard”, she said pushing him aside, as he exhibited his evil grin.
108! RIP! April Showers bring May Flowers!
Remakes aren’t going away any time soon and so we have Total Recall, the remake of the 1990 Arnold Schwarzenegger film. This science fiction movie is based on Phillip K. Dick’s short story “We Can Remember It for You Wholesale,” and looks to be a more realistic and gritty approach than the original film. I don’t think we’ll be getting classic lines like “Consider that a divorce.” Colin Farrell fills the shoes of Douglas Quaid, a regular guy who discovers he has had memories artificially implanted in his brain. Kate Beckinsale and Jessica Biel also star in this Sci-Fi flick which looks to add some twists and turns to the original film.
“They’re imposing a structure on the natural flow of music,” said Seth Harper, an 18-year-old from Georgia. “The GA decided to do it … they suppressed people’s opinions. I wanted to do introduce a different proposal, but a big black organizer chick with an Afro said I couldn’t.”
The typewriter was colored with copics, and I used my Copic Spica glitter pen in silver to accent some of the metal pieces.
Back to the planters…there I go again. Anyway, I sculpted my planters using stoneware clay, fired them in the kiln at a high temperature and then adorned them with all sorts of embellishments I had in my studio.
Kellog’s Special K Red Berries with ice cold milk. Healthy!~
HM Prison Service is bidding for the 15-year contracts to run all the jails in partnership with Mitie Group, an outsourcing and energy services company. But the decision by the probation trust to sign a “teaming agreement” with G4S is believed to be unprecedented and appears to have taken the justice ministry by surprise.
The Sports Business Journal article offers a brief mention of the KPMG report, citing a New York Post mention, but not the detail above.
"The story of the Boers in Chubut is a remarkable one, in terms of privation, hardship and loss," says Tony Leon, the former Democratic ­Alliance leader and now South African ambassador to Argentina, who, with his wife, has been living in Buenos Aires for just over a year.
I got the shot glasses (they are plastic) and water glasses (they are plastic as well) from Dollar Tree. Can you believe it?! Amazzzzzzzzing I know. I love that place more and more each time I visit.
Since when the flying Dutchman did women’s weight even become a f*cking issue?
However chicken only accounts for about 50% of a Chicken McNugget. The other 50% includes a large percentage of corn derivatives, sugars, leavening agents and other completely synthetic ingredients, meaning that parts of the nugget do not come from a field or farm at all. They come from a petroleum plant. Hungry?
1. Cabinetry and wall paint: Revere Pewter (HC-172); Benjamin Moore.
He repeatedly sang the banned song “KILL THE BOER”, to the delight of his 1,000 followers present at the meeting in Thaba'Nchu. Just a day earlier about 700 people held a violent demonstration in which they protested vehemently against the ruling ANC. This caused SA president Jacob Zuma to cancel his planned visit.
If our presentation of Christianity to those who are not Christians is focused around what they’re doing wrong, rather than the immensity of God’s love for humanity, we’re missing the point.
Fortunately, there were no further annoyances on our journey home.
Here's just some of the amazing faculty who will be there:
Reid: nothing
Within 10 minutes, he was at my office door and VERY BEGRUDGINGLY said: "Hey, I'm sorry." Then he turned and left without a reply from me at all.
disarmed and killed in Sudan
There seems to be no purpose in my life. I struggle to find some reason to do anything. I am listless and impotent. Everything pisses me off.
This pilsner smells delicious. It pours to a deep golden colour with a frothy white head. It smells like any great pilsner should. It’s of note that I haven’t had a sip yet so these are just initial thoughts. I really hope it lives up to the hype I’m giving it. Before I could even get this out and a drop in my mouth my wife swindles the glass and takes the first sip. She says she likes it, so that is already boding well for me.
For years.
Generally temporary labour is managed at a local level, with usage and associated costs only reported to central procurement periodically. Whilst year on year estimations may help to predict costs, the variables in flexible workforces are great; ranging from increased agency margins and minimum wage rises to invoice errors and skills shortages.
Dinner is over.
In a way, it’s ironic. When I lived there, I hated being dragged out on weekends and made to DO STUFF, like pick berries or mushrooms, walk nature trails or cross country skiing. Always the couch potato, all I wanted was to be left at home with a good book. Who needed nature? That was for grown-ups and boring people. But my parents
Don't get me wrong, I've been pretty closed lipped on this subject, perhaps because I serve a hell of a lot of keg beer, perhaps because all the fuff going round last year is just that. It's certainly a distraction if not a complete waste of time to gibber away over format. Just as in North bar, the holy triumvirate of cask, keg and bottle must and will remain.
The box score in this case doesn’t lie. Everything you need to know about Georgia’s dominance that day is there:
Be not afraid of this title. This exquisite book, though about grief, will not cause you to grieve but to rejoice at the glory of the English language! Leah Hager Cohen is a name you may not find on the New York Times best seller list, a fact that will tell future generations a thing or two about our discernment as it applies to literary appreciation.
I thought you would like to see some photos of our completed Bearpaw Craft Studio.
This article is about two parallel decisions which have issued from the EPO. In T2/09 the Board decided that sending an email does not represent public disclosure of the contents of the email. T1553/06 concerned the circumstances in which material on a website is publically disclosed. The Board provided a two-part test as part of its decision. According to the test, material on a website is publically disclosed if the website could be found by a search engine using keywords related to its contents and if the material was on the website long enough for it to be accessed.
In “The Long Way Home” he finds the experience in his personal roots. Other chapters extol the virtues of place, solitude, wonder, and walking, the latter activity being one which he finds particularly effective. Two of the vignettes take place in the Yukon, others in British Columbia, Spain, Japan and England. Sibley is particularly fond of walking tours and pilgrimages and has written extensively about his experiences in Spain and Japan.
The measure would not require any additional numbers to be calculated, it would simply use a statistic that the BLS already calculates each month, alongside the so-called official unemployment rate and a handful of other stats.
That very homogeneity, according to one view, is what lends the VPO its distinctive character - it's a feature, not a bug. In a 1996 radio interview, for example, transcribed and translated by the musicologist William Osborne, one member described the orchestra's demographic makeup as an essential component of its style.
Whipwhirls are a form of elemental conjured into the prime material plane from the elemental planes. At first glance, whipwhirls appear as harmless lengths of white cotton cloth ranging from 5-25’ in length. They are, however, semi-intelligent and, though quite weak individually, are capable of a number of disabling attacks.
barks at the moon
Armed with triumphant truncheons
i do like to please people. i am a people pleaser.
Acker's career has thus far been mostly focused around television, with one-shot appearances on numerous seriem and recurring roles on shows such as "Alias", "Dollhouse", and "Happy Town", but she has managed to fit in a few movies along the way, some of them in the horror genre. In 2008, Acker starred in "A Near Death Experience" and she can currently be seen in movie theatres in "The Cabin in the Woods".
Josh: Can you just be a robot?
Soybeans are an excellent source of protein found in many forms.You’ve got edamame, tofu, tempeh, soymilk, and more! So much more!
Yee-haw,” the stunt driver-camera-chick hollersw, “let’s ge this news show on the Road!!”
The goal became to not speak to her for a month time frame. We never went that long and it was very hard to accomplish on both our parts. I made it to two and a half weeks and I receive a text from her. I was sooooo upset that I knew it was about to be broken. Sure, I know there is such thing called discipline, I didn’t have to respond, but I did. It was something very simple and really no need for her to text me. My count had to start all over again. She was in my mind to the same capacity as before. I can’t wipe it clean. I can’t get rid of the thoughts and feelings. I am simply trying to become numb to them. I can’t do that with talking, even in the simplest manner.
87. I’m gonna follow you home.
Ben isn't just some schmoe who brews a keg or load of bottles at once, he's darn near a pro. He brews in 10 gallon batches and ends up with more beer than one family can drink. So the B.U.R.P. was born. At this particular B.U.R.P. were 5 beers, a barleywine, IPA, Saison, Porter and a regular old Pale Ale. I believe Ben told me that none of the beers were less than 8% alcohol with the barleywine topping the bunch at 11.4% (approximately, I don't take notes when I'm drinking).
Wait a minute! Hold the phone!
imperfections my perfection.
from the parasites of your parents generation, try “delousing” the closet in your own room.
OMG, look at all this information that's out there for FREE!!! And look at all these cool people who want to be writers too! I must follow everyone I meet and we're all going to be BFFs and I'll comment on all of my friends posts because I want to be supportive and want them to comment on mine. And this is going to be amazing!
Has anyone else experienced anything like this?
Franklin’s father also has ineradicably ingrained in him the importance of industry. The following passage discloses the source ofFranklin’s well-known industriousness, the essence of his persona:
On April 30, the Wall Street Journal carried a piece on gold mining in the riverbeds of California. The novel I am currently writing takes place during the California Gold Rush years of 1848-1850, and my protagonist is a miner. Some days I am lost in the roughness of the western frontier.
Just provide an interesting answer to the following question:
So how can I be here, and live intentionally, purposefully and responsibly, and still hold onto the peaceful and carefree, relaxed and chill lifestyle I experienced over there?
I was raised in church and taught that man marry woman and that you stay within your race. That being said I have 2 biracial nieces and a biracial nephew. So I am not so dumb as to think of them different and they are very much accepted into my home like anyone else. I also have family members that believe they love the same sex much more than the opposite when it comes to marriage, however even they know and understand that I don't approve of it but think no different of them. I love all of my family regardless of what decisions they make in life and hope and pray that they understand where I come from.
One day, like everyone,
The room was sunny, the street was buzzing. I drifted in and out while the rest of the house was quiet as a thought and the world kept turning past the windows.
I don’t connect much with the town centre itself, but gave me lots of memories.
We had committed ourselves to each other. I decided to leave for England in September 1946 to read law, leaving her to return to Raffles College to try to win one of the two Queen’s Scholarships awarded yearly. We knew that only one Singaporean would be awarded. I had the resources, and sailed for England, and hoped that she would join me after winning the Queen’s Scholarship. If she did not win it, she would have to wait for me for three years. In June the next year, 1947, she did win it.
Goodie Mob performed their new single recently on The Voice. The long awaited reemergence of the legendary group is finally over. After over a decade of dis-membership they join back together to perform this interestingly unique but totally normal performance, when it comes to the Goodie Mob that is. The group known for their extravagant use of obscure and different style in clothing. Beside the perception of appearance, the song, that is sung and performed is very inspirational. Nothing less is expected of cee-lo and his cast. The album “Age Against The Machine” is expected to be released sometime later in the year.
The bill returned the next session, with a new number, but by that time the politics of the matter had changed significantly due to the publicity surrounding the Kelo case, then pending in the U.S. Supreme Court. In Kelo the city of New London, Connecticut, had exercised eminent domain to seize an ordinary residential family neighborhood in order to turn it over to a private developer, justifying the taking with the claim that the new development would increase economic activity and yield higher tax revenues. When Atlanta right-wing radio host Neil Bortz was alerted to the same thing in the Georgia Senate bill, he went on the warpath against the use of eminent domain for economic development projects of the Kelo variety. Senators were subjected to a firestorm of outraged opponents’ telephone calls, letters, and emails. The Senate’s Republican leaders, all having cosponsored the bill, then ran from it, and quickly signed another bill from a freshman Senator that prohibited the use of eminent domain for economic development projects.
Skirt: Paper.Doll – Nova – Fire (Culture Shock 2012 Exclusive)
Merry Christmas,
We, Indians, are very emotional by nature. It is very easy to whip up our emotions. A well written patriotic song, a Bollywood movie where India comes out glorious despite all odds, is guaranteed to bring out tears of pride and joy. These emotions can easily be witnessed on our Independence day, everybody is exalting with Nationalistic pride, which is beautiful and frankly, normal. As they say, ” you can’t be an Indian and not be proud of the fact”. But, I am afraid to say that these feelings are short lived. They come and go with these movies and our National days.
And in those final few pages it becomes increasingly apparent what Lint is: a tragedy, on a simultaneously gargantuan and yet human scale. But it's also something more, I believe. Lint represents both another step forward in Ware's development as a cartoonist and, not to be too hyperbolic or anything, possibly even the comics medium as a whole. What with this and David Mazzucchelli's Asterios Polyp, I think we're seeing comics that rival the best novels for their exquisitely crafted characters, their resonance, and their relevance. This is a clever and affecting graphic novella.
A court battle waged by various lobby groups to interdict the implementation of the Gauteng tolling regime is scheduled to resume today after a judge ruled that the matter was urgent.
Yala, together with its sister provinces Songkhla, Pattani and Narathiwat in southern Thailand where Muslim guerrillas continue to wage a separatist war, has recorded 128 deaths and 657 injuries in the first quarter of this year alone from the militancy.
Also noteworthy, in the April 30 continuation of the pre-trial hearing, the prosecution stated that no weapon had been recovered from the scene on the night of June 5 and that it remains unclear what the weapon that caused the deceased’s fatal wound was.
1. Start boiling water for steamer. In a large bowl mix together rice, jalapeno, basil, dill, green onion, garlic, lime juice and salt in a large bowl. Using a pestle grind mixture together so that flavors blend into a rough paste.
◦Cover baking sheet with foil, remove fish from marinade and place the fillets on the baking sheet.
I called the insurance company. A woman answered. I explained that I’d gotten a letter saying that Blue Cross refused to cover my surgery. Actually, it never said that. It only said that it refused to cover a recent procedure—I only guessed it was my surgery because of a date in the corner.
10. THE MOONSHINE WAR (1970) at the Vortex Room, which means I was pretty drunk on Manhattans (my New Year's resolution last year was to drink fewer martinis and more Manhattans--first time I've ever kept my resolution all year). So what I remember most is Alan Alda doing a bad hillbilly accent. That, and the whole town showing up just to watch the final showdown, like this was their weekly entertainment.
Come n’ buy my Pepper Pot.
I called my Dad. We determined that I am going to have to wear something pink under that jersey AT ALL TIMES. Because frankly, if that color touches my lily white skin?
5.Bring It On Home (Can't Get By Alone) - 06:45
- Ray Fenwick: guitare, choeurs
As I settle back into the swing of things, I know that not far on the horizon is my next round of checks. For now though, I am still in an upbeat frame of mind following my break and the appointments are far enough ahead not to feel imminent. So that means that Captain Paranoia is also on a bit of a break. Although he may not be lurking on my shoulder at the moment, I know he is causing his mischief in many other lives.
This summer was crazy, stressful, fun, exciting, stressful, crazy, awesome....yeah all of that!
Conversion Skillz! We want to see your greenstuff sculpting, use of plasticard, splicing of pieces, kitbashing and out-of-the-box thinking. Only UNPAINTED entries will be accepted. If it's painted we won't enter it...Period.
Fabric or pattern: Lulu DK Moondance, anything John Robshaw, Scalamandre Zebra, Rubie Green's East Village
From Streetsblog, “Movement Afoot” to Drop Downtown Brooklyn Parking Minimums : As reported in the Wall Street Journal, the Department of City Planning is currently studying the merits of parking minimums in some of New York's transit-rich neighborhoods, like Harlem and western Brooklyn and Queens. And local interests in at least one neighborhood, Downtown Brooklyn, are starting to mobilize around the issue. While the coalition has yet to go public, sources say there have been preliminary discussions about reducing, or even eliminating, parking minimums in the area, which would be a big victory for sustainable transportation.
If you are a follower you will get an extra entry.
* Price based on 2 Adults, 1 Junior and 1 Child. The number of packages available at this rate is limited. Tickets valid for one Theme Park per day and must be used within 14 days of first use. No group rates or other discounts apply. Advance reservations required.
"Man, i so could,..just fries, and a drink, zzzzzzz.. HA HA HA! WHOO!! I could fuck McDonalds right now! I am LOVIN' THIS!"
So, the Target settee won out. I had it in our entryway, then moved it to the area under our stairs for now. I could also envision it at our breakfast table, at the end of our bed, or in our sitting room (it's so versatile I reasoned with my husband). It photographed more grey, but the Target picture is a better representation of it's true color- has more slate blue in it.
Take Henry Fonda, one of the most beloved and well-liked actors of all time, team him with the man many consider the finest director of all time, and what you get is a film that is both touching and raw, suspenseful without being sensational. It deals with decent, everyday people, in very trying situations, all the more powerful because it really happened.
” Stop ! I know what you wanted to.To wish me a happy life ahead,with Kavya.You need not.I will make sure it is one.But i got to tell you somethig else.It’s my turn at the ” We need to talk” thingy.Oh,it’s about your little baby i am carrying inside me.”
5oz self raising flour
think rain just smells the same, no
So, in my glazed-over state observed merely by my unbreaking stride and joyful grin, I take off, weaving my way through people I think are so wonderfully fantastic, but at the same time, just too slow for me to stay behind. Within the first few minutes, I realize Jeff is not beside me. I quickly turn around, remembering I am pregnant and hoping I don't get trampled on by other runners, or trip and fall over my Size 11 feet, I find him jumping trash cans and darting through people's yards to catch up to me. Oops. His comment: “What are you trying to do, beat all the other 1,000 pregnant women out here?” Clearly, he was irritated since I seemed to be the only pregnant woman out of 1,400 runners. Oops, again. But I felt great! Not even out of breath! I told him to stay by my side, and I'd get us to a clearing so we could settle into a stride. I was left with a stare, a very serious stare that stands 6 feet 4 inches tall and weighs about 225 pounds. I released the accelerator, we laughed, and we trotted on to a strong yet relaxed 8:36/min pace and crossed the finish line together, holding hands.
What it’s about: Once upon a time, a little girl found herself all alone on a dock in Australia, unable to remember even her own name. Her one clue to her former life was a book of fairy tales written by the woman known only to her as the Authoress. Once upon another time, the Authoress was a little girl, too, but an outcast in the English manor of her formidable aunt and reclusive uncle. Her only light was her cousin, Rose, for whom she would do anything in the world. Once upon a third time, a young woman lost everyone in her world and so she traveled across the sea to unravel the a past that connected herself, her grandmother, and the Authoress.
the summer has come and the prince has returned
These are instructions for the Messiah. In other words, this is one of many biblical prophecies that foretold the coming of Jesus (a biblical personage in his own right).
I got to meet a lot of great people, and even had some shop talk with other great furniture refinishers. Jake, of Dusty Gem Décor, had some stunning pieces for sale there and we talked a lot about where to get furniture and the business end of making this kind of venture work. (He also has 3 very cute kids!)
Nope
just me and Ross (and a million crazy people).
The healing in His wings, in His fringe? In the making of the tallit, there were/are 39 windings of the fringe. Jesus received 39 lashings of the Roman whip for our affliction, for our healing!
Our son who lives in London visited last weekend to see his new nephew for the first time. But first Oscar wanted a bit of his knee!
I appreciate your good-natured approach to this incident, and I thank you again for taking the time to provide us with your wonderfully written feedback.
Bobbie-Joe ordered a half serve (3 pieces) fried catfish and two sides; one of mash and gravy, the other of fried okra. Hank went for the meatloaf, with three sides; fried okra, black-eyed peas and, keeping with the mantra of trying food never tasted or heard of before, also ordered a side of turnip greens. Hank had heard Elvis sing about turnip greens in Polk Salad Annie and this was the time he was gonna try them. Inspired by Uncle Lou, we also ordered some sweet tea.
Aromatherapy is not just meant for relaxation. Believe it or not, several studies show that aromatherapy can serve as an aid for different kinds of ailments. It is considered a healing therapy that helps to lessen body discomfort with the use of oils and aromas. Are you ready to start your very own aromatherapy session? First, here are the benefits that you may receive from the massage.
Maybe. Or perhaps they're doing something right.
That is all for this week, happy cooking!!
And the best part? You can win a copy for yourself along with a $50 Amazon gift card!! Just read her story and see below how to enter! There will be more chances to win each week and the winner will be chosen on the last day of February.
“She’s trying to bring him back?” Ronan said. He wanted to ask about the large number of witches which seemed to have died in and around the infamous year 1888. But, it would only get them off track.
His coming Asia tour begins on May 19-20 in Seoul Jamsil Stadium. Until July, it will stop by 6 cities in Thailand, Macau, Taiwan, Indonesia, China etc. An official said “Due to the demand from other cities, we are thinking of extending the tour to more concert venues.”
Its kinda like journaling, scrapbooking and a diary al at once.
There it was a few hours later. An email from the guy. Sitting in my inbox. I was nervous. I thought that I was his type, but I wasn’t fit, so I wasn’t really his type. And, I was too old to date again…So, I sat there, staring at my inbox. It was Sunday night. Time for bed. I just couldn’t bring myself to open it. He now knows a lot about me. Maybe he remembers me from years ago. I was quite fetching years ago. (Yeah, go on and think that, Vickie) So, I opened it. And read it…OHHHH MYYYYY GODDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (Notice all of the exclamation marks) This was jaw dropping and cursing time……
Khasawneh, 62, had pledged to restore trust in the government after months of protests over rising living costs and stalled political reforms in the resource-poor, pro-Western kingdom of seven million.
My new release, Spring Hope, was one of the most difficult to write for me. I had no problem with the plot and story line, but the hero’s journey mirrored one of my own at a very hard time in my own life. All of my books are about forgiveness and reconciliation, the day finally came when I had to write about forgiveness of a sin that goes against everything I believed and advocated.
10. Around-about
50g walnuts, chopped
Take it easy on your vacation!
Again, HA! Not even CLOSE. I ended up visiting maybe half of them.
So, our mornings lately, look a little like this. Mikey bursts out of his room at 6 am throwing his door wide open, bolting the 10 steps over to the wood Advent Calendar House. He then calls for us and tells us what door we open that morning (An Advent Calendar can really sharpen those counting skills since kids really want to get it right to get their treasure).
Before I go any farther, let me say that I think that the working mom/stay at home mom decision should be left up to each family, and I think that both of these choices are valid and good. One is not necessarily intrinsically better than the other, but each has it’s pluses and minuses. Which one is more appropriate should be left to the decision of each family unit. But it should be an actual choice, not a forced one because of economics.
I'm not where I will be, but I'm not where I was. I am excited to see where God is taking my family and so thankful that He has brought us closer to each other as we have drawn closer to Him.
I love that happy colors on this apron. Happy aprons make me happy and then the whole day just seems brighter.
We are gonna start a little something new here at MS. We wanna have a contest for a Guest DT spot and anyone is welcome to give it a shot! We have a challenge for you to complete and we the DT will take a vote for the winner. What will you do with that? Well you will receive a DT kit for which you will need to complete at least 3 layouts and a card or altered item for your debut. You will be highlighted for a weekend in your honor of winning the contest and it will be your turn to issue one of our monthly challenges. You will need to join our forum if you arent already a member, join our discussions and take part in the challenges for the month and most important we like to share the love in our glorious gallery.
* Adding cashew nut is optional or you may use peanuts too.
Swimming? Something I still do happily for hours to this day. I trained competitively for two years, and revelled in perfecting my butterfly sprints. The only downside was, I hated competition. I couldn't stand the pressure of swimming meets. I just liked the training. Weird, I know.
It was 1942, the year of Quit India Movement. My grand father attended a rally lead by Subhash Chandra Bose. He said, in his speech: “Independence of India is written on the walls now, I can see it from here. But, during this struggle, we have learned to learn this indiscipline.We have learned to disobey our government”. These words are true to this day, we have been free for 63 years now and have not been able to discipline ourselves. I am not saying that we all are traitors but, we do not understand the true meaning of patriotism. We often forget to keep our nation above us. Knowingly or unknowingly we often do not think or speak of our country in the manner appropriate. It breaks my heart every time, I hear people say“I am on IST “ when they are late. As frivolous as it may sound, it does underline the fact, that we perceive our indiscipline as an inherit part of our being Indian.
What's happening this month?
8/10 A strikingly hoppy Pilsner.
1/2# dried pasta (something short like penne, rigatoni, fusilli, cellentani, or cavatappi)
There's Margaret and Mary, there's Kate and Caroline;
Peninah
3. Place pretzel rods on wax paper to dry.
Now for the giveway I posted last week. . . Since only 2 people entered I have decided to give one set of 2 prints to each person!! So you both win!!
I speak Djelian fluently and with no traces of an accent. This will be helpful.
Mary Beth McDonough ... Elizabeth
The "Juliana" earrings that go with this necklace are coming up next!
(You might have to bring the wound yarn in through the circle to untangle it.) This will make a slanted winding around the bangle. Ch 8 again and repeat as before till you cover the entire bangle. Sl St to the 1st sl st made and fasten off . Weave in the tail along the chain itself.
By 1857 the Kings Mills Wharf was occupied by wharfingers Messrs R and F Mangles (who purchased the site in 1803), Messrs H. Powell and Sons who continued the building's 18th century tradition of producing sea biscuits in a factory at the site which included 8 ovens each with its own chimney, and it was also used to store tar and turpentine. The mill no longer used a mill pond (which was converted to a timber pond) and used steam instead. Part of the wharf had been sold in the 1840s for the development of the gas works and the Surrey Basin and its Thames lock.
Yup. God.
We’ve been pretty busy here at Chez Nana since we returned Tuesday evening. I’ve been as busy as a bee unpacking and doing laundry. I had to take a break from that to help my dad. He’s been under the care of an ophthalmologist since he was diagnosed with glaucoma back in 2010. His ophthalmologist’s office is not far from our house, so when he has an appointment, he comes here to wait for his eyes to finish “undilating” before he heads back home. While he was at his doctor’s office, I was busy trying to straighten out some of his medical bills (he was convinced that he owed his ophthalmologist $385, when he only owed $27 … he was adding up duplicate statements and insurance payment notifications).
Red-eyed an' wearin' their santa hats.
and I had a lovely dinner with my hubby last night
The page below seemed very simple at first glance, but it challenged me almost immediately because of those little dashed lines. My perfectionist tendency told me to stay on track, keep it straight, don’t go outside the lines, even though I knew that wasn’t the point. To give my compulsion some satisfaction, I began to color neatly within the lines. Never once did I dare to let my crayon wander.
"What a jerk. Did you tell him he wasn't the smartest guy you ever dated, and he sure was the dumbest? Next time you see that man, you should hit HIM with the door."
Guys, Terry’s been there. He’s been there when his cow delivered a stillborn calf. He’s seen his pigs deliver stillborn piglets. It breaks his heart, but the point is–they can do it. So why can’t the ladies, am I right?
Milan Petrović: If you are thinking on financial award or aid given to a student the challenge is there is no adequate institution that deals in education that would give such an award.
Thanks to my Bernina 830... I wouldn't have been able to do it without her :-).
I wonder if MM will remember our next one, and if so that we are giving presents? I shall just have to wait another 4 years to find out, by which time we'll have been upgraded to cotton... so I'm not holding out much hope in the pressie stakes!
I scared a woman to near death this morning. I didn’t mean to. I really didn’t. It is lighter now when I go for my ride but I still had my light on. I slowed to almost a stop. I assumed that she heard my wheels on the bridge (they make a ‘boom, boom’ that is really very satisfying and fairly hard to miss) but when I went past her and said ‘morning’ she uttered obscenities at me.
To read more about Crow, skip the Wikipedia article, which doesn’t give a full flavor of his accomplishments or his personality, and read the short essay in Genetics by his student Dan Hartl, “James Crow and the art of teaching and mentoring.” It’s free at the link above.
It really hit me a couple of weeks ago as I was going through the check out line @ a local electronics store.
Selector On my radio UK
"The lease has been signed, We signed on the evening of Oct. 21, 2010. The opening of the doors is contingent on the speed and accuracy of both the State Liquor Authority and the Department of Buildings, as well as the embrace of Community Board 7.
Don't you let those other boys fool you,
In the above photo with the red apple the negative space is used to emphasize on the structures on the apple surface. See how the more or less strucure-less background brings your attention to the different structures of the apples. And to use a dark background helps here to make the apple the 'brightest' spot in the photo, which makes it easier to highlight even little color differences and textures.
Since SPEAK was the key word that I heard in the question I was inspired through it to give you 5 simple thoughts that you can use to improve your platform skills.
If the timing works out, we might talk about it right after putting together the force table. It can be a quick interjection at any point during the unit, though.
Why does his faith affect football at all? Yes, he has faith. Good for him! Just because he's more public than most doesn't mean you have to pay attention to him. He has faith that God gave him the ability to play football, and from the little I've heard about his post-game interviews, he thanks God for that ability.**
I hope everyone had a great weekend! Remember to really appreciate your wonderful happy days, and to be happy for a friend when they have theirs.
UPDATE (2011/07/22): Silly me. Everybody knows that Weep for Me was translated into German.
Still no electricity, but at least with water I am able to percolate some coffee on the grill and use our solar shower to keep everyone clean.
But alas, I couldn’t resist when I got to the part about earning shopping points for the books I purchase. It was all my thrifty homeschooling mind needed for permission to browse.
It's a new year, and I have so many ideas running through my head, lol! I really want to get involved in making more projects with my cards! So hopefully you will start seeing a little bit more of both here on my blog! I am having so much fun with learning as much as possible, and crafting!
Publisher: Simon & Schuster Books For Young Readers
Deputy Chief of Staff for Transformation,
Clash Rock da kasba UK
What a nice man.
The Socialised companies in the UK were deliberately mismanaged to create the impression that only by putting them back into private control could they be efficient and provide a good and cost-effective service. Those who live in the UK and experience the insane prices charged by the previously state owned industries can testify that privatisation in the UK is actually less efficient than State control, and a damned sight more expensive.
I do not see a distanced cold God. I see a Saviour, a Redeemer and mostly a God full of Warmth!
Crème stiffened. Were there some bandits? Or was it the gnolls that Brother Paxton had mentioned being in Redridge mountains?
The moments of the morning when I am fully awake and fully aware. It's the same moments that I realize she is not fully awake nor fully aware.
What kind of uneducated idiot keeps his Wine in the dang pantry?
Whereupon Joyce reportedly leapt head-first into his rival’s face.
Talk about nerve-wracking! But the most solid piece I had to show him, which would come to be included in the book, I read it and he gave me this mustached smile and said, “Good. Very good.”
* A proposed media tribunal
half cup of epsom salts
It's funny how things change. I never understood the appeal of carrot milk when I lived in Malaysia. My cousin loved it, and would often order it at cafes and mamak stalls. I'd try it and be all, "I don't know, it's still kinda weird to me..." And she'd be taken aback - "Really?! It's so nice and refreshing!"
Basra
I realize that my attitude stinks and I should be willing to be open to the universe. I should be willing to accept all the help I can get. The thing is, I can't seem to get the help I need and the condescending nature of these poor people who are in these positions of forcing help upon people....well....quite frankly, I don't know how they do it. I just want a job.
The new book introduces colossals to the tabletop—finely detailed super-heavy warjacks on 120 mm bases. When asked about these unprecedented new models, Privateer Press Director of Business Development William Shick said, WARMACHINE: Colossalsembody the next big step for WARMACHINE and Privateer Press. Colossals are the culmination of everything we’ve learned over the last ten years of making miniatures and represent a new pinnacle of WARMACHINE models. Not only are these models loaded with stunning detail, they tower over other models on the tabletop. What’s more, they open up a whole new range of tactics and strategies for WARMACHINE players, making for an even more exciting tabletop experience.”
To show you the work involved in creating an ad campaign Dove created a great awareness video taking a model from zero makeup to the image that gets posted up on a billboard in 60 seconds.
Karl Barth attested to the fixed nature, being, of scripture as the Word of God when he stated, “The statement that the Bible is God’s Word is a confession of faith, a statement of the faith which hears God Himself speak through the biblical word of man.”Yet, Barth described the nature of scripture as the act/event of it’s becoming God’s Word when he opined, “The Bible is God’s Word to the extent that God causes it to be His Word.”Is Barth neo-Kantian in his understanding of scripture, or is he faithfully orthodox? How should American evangelicals interpret the tension in these statements?
Uptown Brothers - Eventually these guys want to brew their own, but for now they'll settle for one of the best draft selections in Denver. A nice mix of craft standards, seasonals, and limited release beers. Tons of TVs make it a perfect place to catch a game (I watched the Chiefs ugly playoff lose to the Ravens at this bar and drowned by sorrows with several glasses of The Abyss from Deschutes). Their Southern cuisine will feed your need for fried food, I recommend the fried green tomatoes, but if you see it on the Uptown Brothers menu and its fried, its probably good.
Sasha and Jack find themselves trying to stop a war brewing between the three empires. The only place they can turn to for help is the Heavenly Kingdom of Great Peace, newly founded by the Taiping rebels. Pursued by the terrifying Dame Florence Nightingale of the British Secret Service, Sasha and Jack escape across Siberia via train to China. Sasha discovers that Jack is not quite the person she thought he was...but then again, neither is she.You Might Also Like:
over as you would
Always have your own supply of laundry products. Don't depend on the vending machines that sell soap, etc. in laundry rooms. Sure as anything, just when you're trying to do laundry late in the evening or if you're in a hurry, the vending machine won't work.
Nancy also became obsessed with who exactly put Isabel down and if the mother looked in on Isabel before she left for work Saturday morning. The police did not want that information to be released to the public or the media.
I am responding to the BritMums blog prompt “Why My Favourite Charity is …”
This is also why I prefer to use salves and ointments: They are heavy on the oils and light on the water. As in, they don’t have water as part of their make-up. Crunchy Betty talks about a number of ways to help prevent cooties from forming in your all-natural whatever-it-is. One of the big ones, though, is to make only as much as you can use in a reasonable amount of time.
me lo criticaban a mi contigo,
The sun came out for a bit on Sunday so I attempted to take a walk, to soak in a few rays. It was nice until the six remaining inches of crunchy snow soaked through my boots (sigh).
A second anniversary is rare.
So far this petition has garnered close to 25,000 signatures. It might not stop the production of the show, but it’s got people talking.
to the rhythm of
2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger
He added, "We leave a certain amount to improvisation, bands sometimes play railings or find other ways to create an instrument they don’t have with them. This makes the track they play totally unique, that’s what I think fans and music lovers like. There’s a feeling it could all go wrong at any moment, just like going to see a gig."
Okay, how bad does a poster have to be to Photoshop a crappy Polaroid, or at least make it look like Laura's cradling a disembodied head on a sack of potatoes, then slap THAT PICTURE in the middle of the poster??? I'm... at a loss. I can't... it's not... I... ouch, my brain.
In 1996 the song ‘Until it sleeps’ by Metallica became the first track to be illegally copied from CD and made available on the Internet as a compressed MP3 file. A pirate nicknamed ‘NetFrack’ was responsible. He announced the MP3 revolution in music piracy to Affinity, an underground electronic magazine:
So ... If you are wanting to get yourself known in the Google + world, please comment me your email address in this post and I will personally send you an invite and get this Social network off the ground! :-)
You are one of a kind
I picked up these two plastic pumpkins at Michaels for about $5 each, but they are EVERYWHERE this time of year. I already had the black tulip paint, mod podge and scrap fabric in my stash, but if you have to buy them all three could be had for under $10 total. Now for the FUN part...
It’s Sunday afternoon. You’re sitting down at the kitchen table, coffee at your side, clippers in hand. In front of you rests 20 coupon circulars, waiting patiently for you to begin slicing and dicing. How in the good name of Bea Arthur do you approach this? By following these simple rules:
**He isn't always great for my self esteem, like this conversation...
While the other eight historians rambled their pre-programmed lectures one at a time, I watched Dad’s frozen form stare into the aisles. I tried to commit every angle of his face to memory all over again. His slicked back blond hair, clean-shaven face, sturdy jaw, and sharp nose. After an hour and forty-five minutes, Dad cleared his throat and stood. My wet cheek rested against the cold wood leg.
But Hamilton Catholic school board chair Pat Daly denies the stumbling block is about the distance at which students are bused. He says talks never reached that level of detail.
Describe your favorite pair of shoes of all time.
I realized today we both need to be nicer to each other. I think we got caught up in the BS and fell into a slump. If I’m going to insist you are nicer to me, then I must make a point to be nicer to you also.
We have been in full holiday swing over here! Just this morning, we spent the our time over coffee discussing the feast to come next week. The hubby and I are going to cook the whole meal, we are going out to the nines! And the best part is we love cooking together in the kitchen, so I get to spend some quality time with my main squeeze. Yay!
While commercial sources are somewhat uncertain, Mr. Robert E. Mincey, Bird L. Color Hospital, Welfare Island, New York, is reportedly engaged in a semi-commercial production of modern plastic wet mounts.
Next we need to cover up the bottom edge of the blades and add the corner round piece. Find a squarish piece of fabric that is at least 1 inch longer than the distance between the corner of the background fabric and the start of the blades.
Will the corruption beneficiaries just say sorry to corruption victims, hold-their-ears (kaan pakadke) and resolve never to be corrupt again? Who knows? Anything can happen in India.
how lucky am i?
Wednesday October 29
So why is it that more and more publishers are relying less on the traditional author bookstore tour? Why are bookstore tours (with some exceptions) considered to be costly and ineffective? This is why:
If in fact it was Mr. Yoakley or any other teacher who allowed this article to be published in the year book, they should be dismissed from the school immediately. If it is found or known that Mr. Yoakley or any other teacher at any time has had any conversations or discussions with this student or any other student about their sexual orientation, sexual activities or anything about their private lives prior to those students being of legal age, those teachers should be charged with child sex abuse by an authority figure and arrested.
7. Isn't She Lovely, Stevie Wonder
Get the look of our favorite trendsetters with fabulous JuJuBe lifestyle bags. JuJuBe offers an array of fun prints and colors, shapes and sizes. JuJuBe also offers options that are gender neutral for all dads and those not trying to make a loud statement!
Last of all, the churchwardens shall see, that all things be diligently observed, which pertain to their offices, and that are contained in the Queen’s injunctions, and the book of advertisements, and that shall be set forth by the Archbishop or Bishop in every their visitations, for the use of the churches. But if any do rail upon them, or go to law with them, for doing their duty, and detecting of offenders, that also they shall present unto the Bishop, that by his means & travail, they may more easily be delivered from that trouble.
3) Gender bias in books journalism remains acute, research shows Vida is instead trying to support women writers throughout their careers, and attempting to encourage people to examine their own biases.
6) Engage politicians: Whilst you have limited ability as a company, you can influence policy via your government affairs outreach using individual experience. Engagement with the UN CEO Water Mandate and WBCSD / WEF is vital for leading companies.
Chapter Listing:
Let Thy Mantel Fall on Me- Oops that's what Elisha said to Elijah - guess it has nothing to do with a mantel except the word and it is what popped in my head as I was starting this post-
My mother was in Trinity college at 19, and that is the summer she met my father. My mother went to college. My grandmother must have been proud of that. My mother gave birth to her first baby at 23, my parents had been married for six months when they decided to begin a family.....history. My parents struggled when my brothers and i were young, but they always got by and i don't remember a time that our house wasn't filled with the love my parents shared with each other. My mother stayed home, as she couldn't leave her little baby with anyone else. She cut coupons, she hung the clothes out to dry, dad cut wood and heated our ranch with it, she made homemade pizza and most everything was from scratch. She grew a garden and let my brothers and i explore in the woods that surrounded our home. We were barefoot, knee deep in mud for a good 4 months of the year. She is and was a good mother. And yet, as we grew and i watched her, sometimes at night, she would sit down on the couch and pull out her knitting needles. Carrying my grandmother through every stitch.....History.
8oz cream cheese
1/2 cup butter softened
and equally easy to not mistakenly walk out the door with
After receiving the letter, Stack and a group of soldiers drove from the division’s base near Kitzbuhel across the border into Germany and intercepted a convoy that included Goering, his wife, daughter, sister-in-law, household servants and military aides, according to the account.
time is money, babe
Enjoyment: N/A - I didn’t enjoy myself reading this novel, but I couldn’t walk away from or stop reading this novel for the life of me. Make of that what you will.
Why can’t you sleep?
Also: Met Detectives in the Thusha Kamaleswaran case will do the 3 Peaks in Sept to raise money for the vital care and equipment she now requires. They have already raised £130K. You won’t see THAT on a certain solicitor’s Twitter page.
I love Dorie's tart crust recipe. I have used it for several different tarts now and I must say, for me, it is about foolproof. Throw it together in a food processor and press it into a tart pan, bake it and boom! You are in business. I made this one with the nuts as she recommends. Turned out perfect. My only complaint, and it happened the last time I baked this crust, is that a small amount of the tart stuck to the foil when I peeled it off of the tart after the first baking. So, my pretty tart looks a bit rough in the pan. But, I am not losing too much sleep over it because no one can see it after I add the filling, what ever it might be.
I always wanted to be in UNIT. I suppose they count as companions...
This is the fire that broke out yesterday in a sector of the Everglades located in Miami Dade. The flames were totally out of control for quite some time. I have no idea how it started, if it was caused by human intervention or if it was something else.
During the past 32 years, Marsh has been to countless shows, well over 100, including last night’s in LA. He came home late, exhausted, still moved by the tribute to Clarence Clemons, hoarse from singing, feet hurting from his black converse All-Stars. Like Bruce, my husband is now in the “AARP” demographic and long, late nights pose a different set of challenges than they once did.
Drawn by the beacon that was your heart
“Look at me, take me,
We no longer stand for freedom in the world
Fans of Zilpha Keatley Snyder's 1966 novel, BLACK AND BLUE MAGIC, will be glad to hear that it's being made into a movie for the Hallmark Network.
...a big snuggle for saying "Sorry"
While I get out tools my kitchen sink is filling with hot soapy water. Ok sometimes the sink is full of dirty dishes and I use a big bowl instead. You just need a place to toss dirty utensils so you can give them a quick rinse to use again if needed.
Well, I sometimes think I might prefer a nice mix of the two.
However, as I believe there are around 4,500 sticky paper penises left, it will be interesting to see if they do, indeed, appear on any Stand posters.
In a separate bowl, combine 1/4 cup sugar and the contents of the box of pectin; add to the mashed strawberries in the saucepan. Add the contents of the vanilla bean (or vanilla bean paste) and stir well.
Two Stars = Bad date. He didn’t really do anything wrong, we just didn’t have any chemistry. Maybe he just wasn’t my type. I probably won’t answer if he calls.
Of the 154 people aboard, 92 were taken to hospitals, more than 40 were admitted, at least 4 seriously, though none with life-threatening injuries, according to Jamaican Information Minister, with a female victim requiring surgery for a broken nose and lacerations to her face.
The arms build-up is financed by the United States, he writes in the article which was published by OpenDemocracy. The money started flowing in 2002 when an eighteen-month "train and equip" program with a total budget of $64 million was started to modernize four infantry battalions and one mechanized company.
First of all, voice can affect our career because if we don’t have a solid voice, we won’t connect with readers. Agents love a strong writing voice because they love finding works readers will love. We can have the best plot ever written, but if all the characters are talking heads, it doesn’t matter. We can have the most interesting characters, but if we cannot put them in an interesting and compelling story, we still have a problem (though, granted, an easier one to fix than the former).
The article was intriguing, but John Huerta’s thesis with all the details looked a bit scary, or at least the kind of thing I’d need to spend six months on to really understand.
Drums – John Headsley Down
The card is a 6"x 6" white card with a first mount of mauve card and the paper that comes with the image that has been printed and mounted on top of the mount. I then used a Doo Hickey Swirl die to create the swirls and two tonic dies to create the flowers, In the centres I have stuck some pearls and down the side at the bottom on the left.
When I need to be on my own, like when I’m ill or taking care of someone, I tell people not to bother visiting. I personally find making small talk when ill is all the more draining.
PALACE SOURCES say President Aquino has selected former congressman Ruffy Biazon as a replacement for Customs Commissioner Angelito Alvarez. Everyone has been informed of the President’s decision to replace Alvarez except for Alvarez.
I thoroughly enjoy my daughters' company. (Most of the time, of course.) When we get along, we get along great. We laugh a lot, we enjoy many of the same things, Sylvia and I even share a fondness for Johnny Depp. I am friendly with my girls most of the time.
After a long pause, the door opened. A small woman in her 90′s stood before me. She was wearing a print dress and a pillbox hat with a veil pinned on it, like somebody out of a 1940′s movie.
Haley, as much as I desire her to be eliminated, has been coming on strong lately. James got lots of face time and Jacob was in the dreaded lead-off spot last night, which is never good.
In the Torah several Names are used for G-D, each having its own significance. According to haRaMBaM, Z”L, there are seven Names, each connoting its own meaning (Mishneh Torah, Hil. Yesodei HaTorah 6:2). The Name Eloqim signify strict justice, and interesting enough that is the Name, which is used about G-D in the first chapter. Commentaries have noted this and commented on it, stating that when G-D created the world, it would be created on strict justice, but seeing that humans wouldn’t not be able to survive this, He added mercy in judgement, which can be seen from chapter two, where the Name of G-D is added (Y-HV) to Eloqim. That Name is signifying mercy, namely G-D’s mercy for us, but not just any mercy, but a mercy we basically don’t deserve, hesed. This is the understanding of “hesed”, namely something that is not deserved (then it would be based on justice, not mercy), given out of love. G’milut Hasadim is merciful benevolence, and without this, the world wouldn’t stand, we would be destroyed by strict justice.
I didn’t do any PvP or WvWvW (server versus server versus server). So this is all from PvE perspective.
Gah! I have so much to blog about so little bloody time! I'm on leave at the moment but do you think that means anything? Hells no, I'm on my 4th day of actual leave (not including weekends) and in that time I've only watch 2 movies! And one of them was a premiere in the evening! I need to go back to work so can find a bit more movie time...
Handsome and well kept
Popular pastor Perry Noble of NewSpring Church in Anderson, SC wrote an article today for the Christian Post entitled, “Four Problems the Church Has GOT to Deal With.”
Systems just aren't made of bricks they're mostly made of people
I really love this bedroom. The color palette is so fresh and romantic. I'm all about peach right now and that pretty peach velvet bolster adds just the right amount of feminine flare to the space. Also, don't you just love that bed?!? The circular, brass detail on the top of the canopy is such a lovely touch and I really like that it adds another finish to the space. I also really love the pattern that's on the headboard...
A pizza garden is so easy to make. All you need to do is to plant a few small Italian herbs in a pot. My favorites include: thyme, rosemary, oregano and basil. You can add whatever else you like, but these are beautiful planted together. It can be kept simple. I purchased a planted herb garden at Trader Joe's for $6.99. This pot included three out of the four herbs I was wanting to include.
Grosvenor House publishing offer authors a single publishing package priced at £795. Its aim is to include all that is necessary to set-up a book using print-on-demand digital print technology and the author services to make it available to on line retailers and book wholesalers. The package is fully detailed on their website and there is plenty of information available there for an author with questions. There are links to ‘why self publish’, book costs, royalties, costing calculators, as well as a downloadable copy of their publishing contract. The information provided is concise and well-laid out. If I have one qualm, it is, yet again, the lack of books on their website. Authors should also note that Grosvenor do not have an on line retail bookstore facility.
Drunken Angel – 0
Later, however, the combination of your prayers and a dose of Motrin had him back down to 98.3 and feeling good. He stood on his own (while holding on to the window ledge) for quite awhile, and was back to playing, talking, and being just a little ornery. It was great to see him feeling better. He slept very well last night with only one little stretch of crankiness from about 3:30am - 4:30 am. His fever went up a few times during the night, but never to the level it was earlier in the day.
In the fall I used SuperBetter to help me keep my eyes on the prize while dealing with some major change. I’ve been raving about it so much that the SB team asked me to make a little video (sorry for the crappy sound/audio lag):
Melissa Harrington Hughes, 31, San Francisco, Calif.
Tomorrow we're joining a bunch of other beachcombers and fossil freaks and interested learners at Guana's Environmental Education Center to learn more about some of the stuff we've collected. Walking a couple of miles on a pristine beach several times a week is restorative and healing. In the case of my dear old person, as many of you know, it's also a potent method of pain management, at least for a litle while. And you can build quite a collection, if you want to, of mesmerizing artifacts from the ancient history of the planet.
I thought I could feel the weight of the Little One as I held that sleeper up to my chest...that sweet little baby bottom cupped in my hands and the precious head resting under my chin...that hair so downy soft...
2) Mix water, sugar, and cardamom in a pan and bring to boil then turn heat to very low and leave to simmer. Turn off heat before adding fried balls.
in a long sky
Since this is a preapproval process, you can also find out what whiskeys might be coming out in the future. For instance, a search of "E.H. Taylor," Buffalo Trace's new line of limited releases, produces a number of results, including this application for an E.H. Taylor Straight Rye.
and sessions are for 2 hours. So that wouldn't
9) And my computer, of course, with its desktop background of my new release, Dreamspell
There's still time to play along with our SPARKS challenge this week. The topic is "The Sky is the Limit" So anything seen in the sky is fair game. I hope you find the time to play along this weekend. You could win TWO PS stamp sets - yay!!
It started when my friend made a comment about how the weather was making her skin dry. I told her that I agreed with her, and that the dry, cold air was making my skin dry, too. Suddenly, my friend's elderly aunt--a former Hippie in her 60s--decided to join our conversation, stating, "Oh, you youngsters don't know the meaning of the word dry."
He sent over some Orioles he had posted as trade bait along with Kimball minis and a few Heritage and O Pee Chee. The highlight was a Heritage chrome markakis from 2009.
No longer being a schoolgirl, I can not know for sure whether the classrooms of today are as openly political as they seemed in the 1980's. However as my son recently asked me about a great lost sub-Saharan civilisation which was far ahead of European civilisation in terms of education, health care and philosophy, but which was destroyed by white slave traders, and Voortrekkers, who killed all the great black scholars and claimed all their inventions for the West, I suspect they probably are. (Odd that Andy never taught us about that, but to be fair to him, it probably had not been invented when he was teaching my classmates and I.)
I wound up with today's symphony for the same predictable one-word reason I wind up with a lot of symphonies: Mahler. On the surface, there's very little that links Gustav Mahler and Carlos Chavez (1899-1978), the Mexican composer whose Symphony No. 4 — Sinfonía Romántica (1953) I explore here. But I'm just following in the footsteps of Leonard Bernstein, the great composer and conductor and even better expert at keeping a perfect crease.
4 capabilities
"We are pleased to announce that Campari America has joined the Distilled Spirits Council,” said DISCUS President and CEO Peter H. Cressy. "Campari America is a top supplier in the US managing a premium portfolio that includes many popular and fast-growing products in this market, among them SKYY Vodka, Wild Turkey Bourbon, Wild Turkey American Honey, Campari, and Cabo Wabo Tequila. In addition, Campari shares DISCUS member companies’ strong commitment to corporate social responsibility and the three-tier system.”
Eyes looking only for you,
8 fresh basil leaves, cut into strips
Nancy Palmer
So why have Renault thrown away some aero gains in this area? Probably because of the exhaust solution, As the flow under the diffuser is accelerated by the exhaust gasses passing under the floor, the diffuser does not need the effect of airflow blowing over the top. Thus they moved to the sidepod outlets to this area and played better airflow over the beam wing.
We focus so much on the solutions of our journeys or problems that we sometimes get sidetracked by what is least important.
I am entirely sans womb.
He said Section 8A should be scrapped as there were sufficient safeguards in the law, such as the Penal Code.
. . .all artworks are comparable. . . .
"Article 5(3) of ... Regulation ... 44/2001 ... must be interpreted as meaning that an action relating to infringement of a trade mark registered in a Member State because of the use, by an advertiser, of a keyword identical to that trade mark on a search engine website operating under a country-specific top-level domain of another Member State may be brought before either the courts of the Member State in which the trade mark is registered or the courts of the Member State of the place of establishment of the advertiser".The IPKat notes how very fact-specific the ruling is. Does the court intend to limit it only to situations in which the allegedly infringing use has to be "by an advertiser, of a keyword identical to that trade mark" in circumstances in which that use is "on a search engine website operating under a country-specific top-level domain of another Member State "? He rather liked the AG's formulation of "where the means necessary to produce an actual infringement of a trade mark registered in another Member State are used", a phrase which is not found in this morning's ruling.
Since I couldn't get any luck from trying to get a photo taken together with Chef Tyler Florence; Emily, Elisabeth, Angela and I started to head back to the hotel since we were pretty much done with all the food tasting. Before leaving, we took a couple more shots of course and grab a taxi back to the hotel.
Ahhh Monday, what a beautiful day of the week. How many post can I make about this wonderful day? Personally, I think millions. Yup, this is the day most people joke about, hate, and just wish was never around, but again today we need to stress the importance of a Monday.
Okay, I think that’s all for now. Dadaaaa~
After that we got down to the experimentation. There were several of us and we all tried using the instructions on the video. This is one of them.
But saving on sweaters is a pretty awesome notion – since I love sweaters. The softer the better. So it got me thinking, what other benefits could I possibly glean were I – hypothetically – to turn into a sheep tomorrow?
While the design and construction of high-end OSV was previously concentrated in Europe and North America, Sinopacific Shipbuilding Group has “emerged from the competition” based on a forward-looking strategy of differentiated products. Building on a unique strategic positioning of “Leadership in Niche Markets”, the group ultimately won the trust of and OSV orders from European and North American companies based on its merits of excellent project management and technical capabilities, world-class OSV construction facilities and the integrated capabilities of world-class designers and suppliers.
The first time I looked at you.
Those who say foster and adoption are cakewalks must live in glass houses…or something like that!
For significant cycling mode share growth, drivers are the most promising customers for marketing pitches to make a modal shift to cycling or combine mobility with transit and cycling. If properly oriented and signed, bike to work stations can be a powerful tool for marketing to drivers, especially locations where a lot of cyclists congregate.
The doctor stopped in the middle of the Upper GI this morning to call my surgeon the slip was so bad. I think it's from all the puking, but I'm sure it started awhile ago.
But alas, my friends, I have a terrible secret to reveal. It took me a lot of time to come to terms with it, and so will you. Some of you may leave me because of the pressure of the moment, some of you may even come to my home (surprise, I'm relocating) and bash me in the head and some of you might stay strong, swallow your pride and your tears and accept me for what I am. I'm coming out of the closet.
When choosing the color of your bar stools, try to consider the overall theme you’re planning to go for. You can choose a wooden body with cream seats to give an appealing look to your bar.
While the results are initially staggering, Warner cautioned that people should not to jump to conclusions. Because the study was done retrospectively, the data does not necessarily indicate a causative relationship.
Sniffing, groaning, and near vomiting aside, I did get one bike ride in on Wednesday.
And while vulnerable children wait to be allocated a social worker, it is impossible to know whether or not they are at serious risk.
I'm telling them thats me all done with kindness & help after that.
This is one of my childhood favourite. My mum cooked this quite frequently when I was a kid. I used to eat only the meatballs until I learned the benefits of potato. Well, my mum has several version of this dish. She played around the potato and meatballs. Sometimes, she deep-fried the meatballs and potato. Sometimes, she just fried the meatballs, and at times, she just cook potato and meatballs from raw. Despite of the different methods, the dish turns out to be delicious.
Of course, it was bad news. About three paragraphs into the letter, my insurance company announced they weren’t going to cover my recent surgery. My blood ran cold. Blue Cross claimed that there hadn’t been proper prior authorization. Now I broke out in a hot sweat. What had I missed? I’d made phone calls—I talked to the insurance company, the doctor’s office, I even talked to the hospital intake staff and each one verified that I was good to go. And now the insurance company said I wasn’t. (If I’d been five, I would’ve shouted, “Liar, liar, pants on fire!”)
The Excitement at Wembley
The issue of information and data use is central in assessing and responding to the development needs of basin states as well as developing effective and transparent institutions and processes of cooperation. Part of the challenge is knowing how and where to develop the basin resources in order to maximize benefits for states through more efficient as well as equitable use of the resource. Much of the data management environment to date has focused on river flows, addressing the problems of water management mentioned earlier.
Two months ago I got four new chicks. They’ve been doing great, but Hilda has had her eye on them. She pecks at them and I find them hovering in corners to escape her wrath. A few nights she wouldn’t even allow them inside the coop. So even though I felt sad that for her pending demise, the only bright side was that the little chicks wouldn’t miss the abusive pecking. I can just hear them cheering, “Hooray — that one-eyed monster is dead!” They are just too young to understand how Hilda’s brushes with death have made her a bit edgy.
4: Overall, did you like the movie?
After I got home, I checked my mailbox as I headed out the front to meet folks for a birthday thing. Saw an envelope from Drummer, oddly enough. It was a Christmas card, with just a generic Christmas and new year's wishes, none of the poetic turns of phrase he includes in his emails. And a $50 American Express gift card! Oh-kay...? Like, WTF? Generous, yes. Personal, not at all. Not hand-delivered, no effort even to pick a store or restaurant, no note saying "buy yourself something pretty in the city" or whatever. And I had a dilemma--how to respond? Consult, consult, consult (nouns, as in with 3 friends)--via text mostly, but also a quick chat with Neighbor Nurse. Concluded I had to send a nice thank-you and leave it at that--not offer, as was my first instinct, to spend it on a nice dinner with him. He needs to ask me out first. If and when he does, I'll plan to treat.
Old Market Pub
For instance, scooped cookies like Chocolate Chip and Snickerdoodles are the basic white tee. Brownies like Mint Swirl and Peanut Butter are considered the cashmere sweater. Chocolate truffles are the leather jacket.
It was pointless; even though the behaviorist was in the classroom a number of times, not only had he never witnessed any violent event, but when he tried to create a scenario that would cause one to happen, he failed.
But with each and every turn and every bend, my failure was a constant blight
ACC LTD trading analysis report for premarket technical call posted on website suggesting to SELL based on recent past stock price movement on 20-Apr-12
To make this basket;
I am also adding “other content” to this blog as it helps with the Div’s, this will mainly be motivational quotes or instagram pictures.
11. Sequence 11 (02:24)
Our meeting in this wicked world I find quite quaint
Our biggest plane was the first to fall due to the explosion card, and another one of ours went down before the first German. Then an enemy was killed but I was very badly hurt, and could only endure a bit more. Finally the battle had 3 German planes against one Allied. Thankfully, this player was the owner of the game, and the most experienced by far.
I have no idea what this represented....I swear Our Rose with her Decorating Talents
I then made the metal panels to cover the bottom part of the box. I used a Ten Seconds Studio mould and rubbed Black Stazon ink directly over the raised part of the metal. For the word 'inks' I hand drew the letters onto tissue paper and then used a scoring tool to draw the letters onto the reverse of the metal. I did some freehand doodling and then used the Pearl Mixative to highlight the letters. I think that letters are something I need to practice as they didn't have quite the impact I was after.
Dehnart, Andy. “’Mad Men’ Characters Soften Difficult Themes.” Aug 2009. MSNBC.com. 29 April 2012. Web. (http://today.msnbc.msn.com/id/32362041/ns/today-entertainment/t/mad-men-characters-soften-difficult-themes/#.T53Mk7MgoxA)
About a hour later, after finishing up my other patient's bath and dressing change he said, "Thanks Doc."
In the absence of peat, most of the whisky’s flavor comes from the barrel. About a third of this batch comes from sherry casks, both American and Spanish oak. These casks are new wood that has just been briefly seasoned with Oloroso sherry.
The over-sized 'Best Friends' tag was a perfect addition to this bag.
Blackgate was leased to the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne in the 1880s, which extensively restored it between 1883 and 1885. It was the Society that added the top floor and pitched roof. The Society has held regular meetings there ever since. The drawbridges to the front and rear have been replaced by wooden footbridges.
5. Wanderlove by Kirsten Hubbard - A fantastic travel story. I'd love to see all the different foreign locations in this one on a movie screen!
“Nothing did more to spur the boom in stocks than the decision made by the New York Federal Reserve bank, in the spring of 1927, to cut the rediscount rate. Benjamin Strong, Governor of the bank, was chief advocate of this unwise measure, which was taken largely at the behest of Montagu Norman of the Bank of England….At the time of the Banks action I warned of its consequences….I felt that sooner or later the market had to break.” – Money baron Bernard Baruch in Baruch: The Public Years (1960)
-Place it on the tray and repeat for other pieces.
$17 - not counting the platform sandals
A short story set in 1937 Soviet Russia.
Out of the stillness, soft spoken words
“Well . . .” I hesitated. If I wanted her to commit to any extra work out- side her busy schedule at school—not to mention work alongside her mother—I had to make this really great. “It would be about women as leaders,” I continued, “a mother-daughter investigation into leadership styles and structures.”
And BTW, even in the Optifast transition phase there’s no list of “free foods.” In the transition phase we are supposed to record calories, and whether it is low-calorie (soy sauce, a celery stick) or not, it should be counted and tracked. As our leader says, “You bite it you write it.” (And no, that doesn’t mean you don’t have to count things you drink instead of eat!)
...the only meaningful recognition is recognition by your peers or, more accurately, people you consider your peers, and peer recognition is a very personal matter. An artist's peers are other artists, not necessarily in the same field – ie, musicians for musicians, painters for painters – but people who understand what you're trying to do simply because they're trying to do a similar thing. On the first point, I'd add that a favourable review that nevertheless entirely misses the point of your work can be almost as bad as an unfavourable review - or, well, pretty dismaying. On the second, I'd add that the pernicious thing about prizes is that the also-rans become second-best in the eyes of the public as well as the judges.
Blimey, bit of a bumper post, that one, I'm just knackered writing it up! I just want to say another massive thank you to Sara for a wonderful interview and letting me get involved in such a great feature, I really am grateful and now I can't wait for my copy of Harbinger to arrived to get started on it!
teenager, who attended the same school as her, when he pounced on her.
It's nice to visit, but I couldn't bear to live here anymore -- it's so incredibly expensive. But it's multi-cultural, Germany isn't, it is absolutely mono-cultural. There are at least a lot of possibilities here, and while it may not be working very well, it's working better than it is in Germany. There you have houses being burned down, East German right-wing fascists killing people in the streets and chasing Indians.
All Shade is Not Equal
1. In a medium bowl, stir vinegar, sugar, and 1 teaspoon salt until sugar is dissolved. Add carrot and mango; toss to combine. Let stand at room temperature, tossing occasionally, at least 30 minutes, or refrigerate up to a day.
WTF is Patsgiving? Well, it's celebrated February 17th.
Earlier this year, Anomymous launched an offensive against government and private sites in protest against the content industry.
Back in the car and a quick scout around the local area. They were nowhere to be seen.
I was feeling terribly guilty about that; that I still hurt at announcements that people are having boys. Carys is my world. I wouldn't trade her for anything. But that doesn't mean that I stopped wondering what could have been or about the little boy who would have been her big brother.
Regular Visitors
The first is a predictable choice, and I'm sure MOCKINGJAY will be getting tons of RTW love this month (how could it not?!) I don't really know what to say about it, aside from this: while there were things I disliked and things I wish could have been handled differently, I found it a satisfying conclusion to one of the best trilogies I've ever read.
“Nearly 60 per cent of original wetlands have been destroyed on the Canadian side of Lake Ontario, even more between Toronto and the Niagara River. In some parts of southwestern Ontario, the loss has reached 90 per cent, one of the highest rates in the world.”
I flicked through vegan yum yum today and decided to make this easy looking soup. The addition of chickpeas almost qualifies it to be a supermeal but it's still a bit too low in protein.
I remember the sleek gold silk settee with dark wood accents that sat in our living room, a set of oversized oil paintings depicting bulls and matadors in mid-battle hung above it. Our entrance way had the very same dark grey slate flooring I'm considering for my own kitchen along with a huge wrought iron chandelier. These details are imprinted in my memory so apologies for not being able to share lots of images but trust me, the lady had taste way back when. Once the late 80's/early 90's hit, I remember her getting rid of things she felt were dated and at the time, they probably were so I wouldn't blame her for that. Still, I can't help feeling a bit sad that she let some truly beautiful pieces go in the name of ever-fickle interior fashion.
The guy raced towards us… and stopped – as though he’d hit a wall.
Spend all your money getting so convinced
To all this, who would say no?
All I can say is pain like that is fast and it’s rare
Built lean gives examples and instructions, as well as a log template. This log includes balanced eating, calories, and an area for notes.
3) I adopted a puppy. Which is probably the most energy consuming thing I've ever done
Makes at least 4 dozen cookies.
Me: "Do you really want to risk that?"
I watched this film on Netflix Instant.
Must suck for them to always have part of their family missing.
Some impressions from the opening reception ....
Dharma Production found its intresting new leads in hot hunk , Imran Khan and the sizzling ,Kareena Kapoor .This cute and adorable pair is appearing together for the first time in the romantic comedy Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu .The romantic flick is supposed to hit the screens next year on the day of love, Valentines day!Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu , produced by Hiroo Yash Johar, Karan Johar, and Ronie Screwala and providing a directional debut platform for Shakun Batra is one of the most anticipated films of next year!
right.
Chicago has this reputation for down and dirty municipal politics, and former Barack Obama chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, a real tough cookie, is the present actual mayor. But the plot points and characters of “Boss” play more like a horror movie shot on location at City Hall.
Originally Broadcast: 1st - 8th December 2008
Gricelda E. James, 44, Willingboro, N.J.
What's one letter that you seem to have an uncanny link with? Is there one, like me?
On that side street I found a couple of friendly people who had no idea where I could find a view of the other volcano, the one that I was originally looking for. I then caught a small glimpse in one direction and headed that way.
George bun!
I can imagine her being the popular girl at school, with all of the looks and all of the grades. Lucky thing. I wish I had hair like hers too!! :) It's gorgeous.
I am reminded of the time I decided to record my dreams. Someone told me I could learn a lot from this, and revelations from my inner psyche were to be my new creative starting points. It all sounded so easy; like the downhill path to deeper personal knowledge with artistic inspiration thrown in. I kept a notebook next to my bed and every day upon waking, I wrote down my (up until then) very vivid dreams,
5) Snuggly Toy
Bloody and wounded
“How come potlucks always ends up being a random mix of weird foods?”
I am sure that doesn't include any of my readers but just in case here is a little bit of heaven;
For some of us that “ah-ha” moment doesn’t come until we have our own kids and they are whining and fussing about mandates that we are trying to set.
The rain started coming shortly after the parade so we packed everything up. This is the worst part of a garage sale but I least came away with 2 empty bins and lots of stuff to donate and go to consignment. We waited the rain out so we could at least visit the vendors who set up for the RR days – I really wanted some fresh strawberries. Unfortunately they were all gone so we opted for a snowcone instead.
As I understand it, congratulations go out to Peaches Geldof and musician Thomas Cohen on the birth of their child.
On Friday we bought the bookcase from Impact and then went off to Bensons beds to get an idea of prices.There was a special offer on one and she loved the black metal frame,So perfect for her purple Gothic fairy palace.
Why, thank you, Doctor. I knew that already, but thanks.
This book is easy to read. It is done in conversational context. The author poses questions that are common among believers at some point during their walk. And then he replies, based on scripture, from the viewpoint of God.
Honey, they own the problem. We can't control the way they looked at you, but we can control how we handle it. We're happy; we're going shopping; we have no problem.
It’s a way to make pretty girls laugh, and that’s all I really ever wanted from life.
To 2010 and all that is in store! Even amidst this recession we're all in, I wish you all a fine new year as well.
They do let you in on the important point that US sales are strong and well ahead of this point last year. Just saying.
PETER CASE & PAUL COLLINS REUNITE FOR A SPECIAL FULL-BAND SPRING 2012 TOUR, WHERE THE TWO WILL PERFORMING SONGS FROM THEIR BACK CATALOGS WITH THE NERVES, THE
A lively track with a candid concept, the title of the song – ‘Door Ni Kulne’ (Door not opening) is a line that you may be familiar with especially if you’ve been in trouble with Mum or Dad! The lyrics to the song echo stereotypical concerns and complaints that parents may have. Not to be taken too seriously the track adds a little humor and fun to the age-old parental warning of ‘Door Ni Kulne’!
So I was pretty psyched when I was in Philly last week and saw Pikesville on the backbar of two bars within a block of each other! Cool, it's finally been 'listed' and I can get some legally. Only...when I got back home and checked their product search page...I still can't. Apparently Pikesville -- cheap, common as dirt Pikesville Rye -- is only available to licensees. You and me? We can't even order it. Because someone in Harrisburg apparently decided that we just didn't need to buy that whiskey. (Okay, maybe not -- see the comments -- but the effect is apparently the same.)
Mike, who lives in Istanbul, travels the world taking photos of the first 100 people he can persuade to pose in each place - noting their nationality every time.
"But it's full of great ideas!" they'd say.
If you're hippity-happity-quackity, say okay!
In the past the respect of chiefs and elders had been based on their ability to protect the community from internal and external enemies. The young rebels now claimed to play exactly this role by taking up the persecution of witches. (Stadler 1996:88) Maybe their decision was also based on the calculation, that party politics and revolutionary slogans would not be sufficient for mobilizing the population. Witchhunts on the other hand seemed to be a common cause for which one could expect broad-based support. (Niehaus 1993:527)
Hearts in Atlantis by Stephen King.
We waited, and waited and waited.
I also shared with Governor Romney my belief that we cannot restore America as the greatest economic engine the world has ever seen until we return America to being a manufacturing superpower. He listened very carefully to my advice on this matter, and while our policy prescriptions differed, he clearly expressed his desire to create more opportunities for those that are feeling left behind in this economy.
any mountain, any enemy
Story: Mac MacDonald
Amir cannot get through an El Paso visit without a trip to Kinley's! It has a delicious Oreo Cookie Mocha Frappe that is to die for! Imagine drinking an Oreo...enough said! Its too sweet for more than a sip for me, so I stick to skinny vanilla lattes, but the one sip of Amir's Oreo Cookie Mocha Frappe make the trip totally worth it!
and not the latter, because otherwise it would be exactly
"... This nation undiscovered by the rest of the world and unknown to itself ... this unborn mightiness, this question mark, this future ... for God knew how many millions of mankind."
* Sentiment - Computer generated
The son of a “highly assimilated” Jewish family when he met Mary, Ned became increasingly connected to his religion, writing “I have been aided, abetted, and encouraged by my Catholic wife,” in his return to Judaism, and “Without Mary, I doubt that I’d ever have found my way back.” He not only became an engaged and observant Jew, he became chair of the religious studies department at Dickinson College in Pennsylvania, where he developed one of the first Judaic Studies majors at a liberal-arts college, became the college’s first Hillel leader, and published two other books: Amos of Israel: A New Interpretation, and Understanding Biblical Israel: A Reexamination of the Origins of Monotheism
Buy first before you fly – it is not available in the country you arrive, or if the rail passes are available, they are very expensive.
We had a lovely weekend in the mountains staying in a little stone cottage on a farm near Caledon. Good friends, fire places, sunny winter skies, red wine, fish braais and the world’s best bacon.
Today was a difficult one in several ways.To explain, I have to be pretty transparent... ugh. Here goes: My DH has a kidney stone that is very painful. He was laid off last year and then the position dissolved, leaving us without health insurance. The meds just to help the condition are $159.00, and a visit to the Urologist is $350.00 just to get in the door. I hate seeing him in pain. Working aggravates the condition, but after 3 days off, what's the man to do?
That particular bit of advice has (I’m sure) saved my children from being thrown out the window countless times. Lose temper. Yell. Pray. Calm down. Say sorry. Humbly ask for a hug. Lather, rinse, repeat. I’m currently praying to cut out steps 1 and 2 (the losing temper and yelling part). The book isn’t particularly directed towards parents, but the road to becoming a better person is the same road to becoming a better parent.
Then I grew up and something changed, cause last summer I made this pie and ended up tossing most of it. Yeah, I just admitted that too. I’m pretty sure there’s a special place in hell for people who say bad things about Pioneer Woman’s pie. I like 99% of the things I’ve tried from there, but that pie was not for me. Between the yogurt and the Jell-O pudding, it tasted so… artificial.
According to an interview that Jay Pond-Jones the art director for the spot did, the entire process of creating the ad spots was not very different from the way Perry has approached producing and recording music-- completely improvised.
I had the balls to experience both scenarios in the past two weeks.
I have argued before that QE might not work, given that bond yields are already low and banks are flush with cash. So it seems likely that the markets will be disappointed, however big the QE programme.
*This is what I had on hand, but you are welcome to use whatever parts of the chicken (or any meat) are accessible to you.
I hope Cindy C LO is cool with my photoblogging entry. Bobina and I had a good day together without kids ; full of errands. The honeydew list was long but everything was accomplished except changing the headlight on my wife’s car. That got pushed til tomorrow.
ELDERFLOWER MINT PROSECCO COCKTAIL
…Oh, wait. Really, it’s nothing. Just posting those rejection letters we poets get all the time. Airing them like gossip. The Editor’s dirty laundry. Revealing the gritty underside of the poetry industry. Umm, not quite. We’re just talking rejection letters here. And, I’m pretty sure there is no poetry industry. Industry implies money and we are talking poetry here.
TWIT is definitely going to be finished eventually, it’s just a matter of where it goes on my list of priorities.
coming down
I used to and still go to Jacob Riis Park/beach in the Rockaways. It's just on the other side of the Gil Hodges Memorial Bridge. That bridge connects Brooklyn with the Rockaways.
Women On Trial. Pleadings, Testimony, Verdicts
4-5 idioms and simple definitions
I deposited the befouled purse on a picnic table in the direct sunlight for the duration. Kept an eye on it, but really? If you wanted to steal it? I say, have at it! Enjoy the syphillis you catch from it!
These dainty Crumbly Apple Pie Bites are a fairly healthy sweet pie option. Inside they are basically mini apple pies minus the added sugar, and on the outside, a butter-free pastry case with heart-friendly olive oil and rolled oats.
If you want to make your next picnic just a little bit special, then I highly recommend all of these lovely handmade items that I have Found on Folksy...
The latest news - if indeed, it may be called news - in respect to Pattisons is not very favourable. The following official statement was issued yesterday afternoon after a meeting between the bank managers interested, the auditors, and some of the creditors. "A private meeting of the leading creditors was held in the chambers of Messrs. Chiene and Tait chartered accountants this afternoon; the statement of affairs prepared by the accountants, Mr. Tait and Mr. Murray; was submitted and approved of, and it was remitted to a committee to consider as to a scheme of reconstruction to be submitted to a meeting of creditors to be held on Friday, January 6." Although no details have yet transpired there is no abatement in the feeling of uneasiness in the North. Reconstruction. is, of course, a necessity, but it is doubtful how much beyond goodwill there is for the shareholders to reconstruct upon. The main thing, however, is to prevent the whisky crisis from spreading and until more details are known it is impossible to say how far other firms may be affected."
Every day I thank God I get to spend my days with these two little blessings. I'm so thankful He entrusted me with my sweet girl and little man (and their handsome daddy). We spent mother's day relaxing at home and enjoying being a family of four.
jackson browne- "doctor my eyes"
As the first anti-colonialist drive began under the Dutch colony in the Cape, so did the most zealous "Boers" (the word originally means a farmer) begin to move away from the Cape in search of freedom and independence. These people were continually moving further and further away from the Cape and eventually met the first great Nguni migrations - the Xhosa people - who were moving South at the same time. This meeting took place in what is today known as the Eastern Cape.
“The legend that haunted the popular imagination told of an encounter between Owain and the abbot of Vale Crucis,” writes Canon Patrick.
Percent Contained: 80%
Snack: 1 Activia Light Fat Free Vanilla Yogurt
In the past months, a lot of international artists grazed the Philippines, performing on sold-out concerts in some of the most well-known spots in the Metro. Most of these concerts or gigs were really successful, which is really good of course. However, some people in the Philippines are not too pleased with all of these, people coming mostly from the local entertainment industry.
We have so much extra stuff. I seem to buy fruits & vegetables just to let them rot in the refrigerator. Actually, sometimes I just leave them in bags on the kitchen floor. Again, my homemaking skills are in need of adjustment.
Session 5, 9 am – 10:15 am – TEL 150
I have mentioned in previous weeks that at the heart of these healings is a strong demonic manifestation. This is an important point to consider, and that is that where demons are present there will always be the presence of corruption, idolatry, and sickness. This is a reality in countries that are still very dark because of the lack of gospel light and presence. Sometimes you will hear missionaries coming from the African continent with fascinating stories of healing and demon exorcism, and you wonder whether this is an exaggeration, but this is very much in line with how the Bible views this. The more darkness a country possesses, the more sickness, demons, and corruption a country will have.[3]
Problems, apart from intervention, control our thinking. Bad is stronger than good.
Thirdly (and finally), if you're in Worchester, Massachusetts, for Rock and Shock or Canton, Ohio, for the Canton Film Festival, don't forget that JustUs is playing both of these events! I know, right? Anyway, Rock and Shock is a horror convention with a film festival of the same name. Heather Langenkamp's film I Am Nancy plays a couple of hours after my film (teehee!) and Robert Englund's new film Inkubus plays a few hours after that! (teeheehee!)
Son: *Crickets*
Oh but that's just the clients that I get at my corner, you might say. Bullshit. You are offering your shit way too cheap, and of course they will say yes. At the end, they come first, pun intended. You are left there to clean up and move along to another client that will not respect you in any shape or form. Besides, what do you really want? Do you want a low life client who will just lay there or do you want a nice decent person who will maybe tip you a little extra and take you to dinner afterwards. Maybe he has friends... yeah... friends with money like he has... and he spreads the word around... and suddenly you get to have afluent clients... like golfers, you know?
And yet there are not three Gods: but one God.
Oh yeah, and we dig that there is live music. A little ambiance for our Sunday drinking+eating shenanigans is always a good thing.
Get-a-Post displays a specific post (or Page) with standard WP template tags, while Content Extract provides PHP functions to provide extended extracts functionality.
People like to talk about the things they spend money on. They are particularly inclined to talk about sexy things -- cars, electronics, movies. They are far less inclined to talk about mundane things -- butter, socks, gasoline.
Fact is, I'm not like I used to be. And really, I can only hope and sincerely pray that I will continue to leave that old self behind through the help of the Holy Spirit. Maturity and wisdom aren't obtained overnight, but learned over time. I want that for my children. I want them to have a Mama who understood that her covering was in Christ, and her understading came first from Him.
it's difficult for me to put into words why certain work appeals to me.
All US Presidents have worn glasses. Some just didn't like being seen wearing them in public.
* Make sure you engrave with a fine drill or sharp-pointed tool, and use a template or stencil to keep it neat and tidy. Punching is a form of permanent marking that is done with a hammer and a set of punches bearing numbers and letters. This method is good for bicycles, mowers, engines or other sturdy metal objects, but don't use this on aluminium as it's easily damaged. Of course, you could just improvise and scratch your postcode on it with a sharp object, depending on how happy you expect to be with the final appearance.
Death-row inmate Garry Thomas Allen was scheduled to be executed this month, but a federal judge issued a stay so that questions regarding his mental competency might be examined.
09/12/2011 BUY 0.02 audcad 1.02912 10/12/2011 1.03376 +14.33
Today I was also reminded why Leif is my husband. And I'm thankful thankful thankful for him! I had my CT today and while I wasn't nervous I definitely was anxious to have some answers finally. Leif told me he'd be praying and that I should bring a bible and read James. I didn't get to read all of it but I did read the part I think which was more important for this season in my life, and his. I haven't blogged too much about what's been going on in our lives but we do feel as if we're in a season where if its not one thing its another. This verse is never one I tire of reading:
Today I am thankful yet again that I am not working right now. I don't have much energy today to do anything. And yet I’m frustrated with my lack of energy. The two things I have to do today include grocery shopping and studying for my licensure exam (to get licensed as a LPC – licensed professional counselor, in the state of CO). I really do want my LPC – it’s another step in my professional development since I completed grad school in 2007. But how does professional development come into play, or matter much, when I’m so tired, and so sad, and an LPC seems so inconsequential in the grand scheme of things…??
Cardinal Brady became the Catholic Primate of all-Ireland in 1996, but the appointment that may define his career was made 21 years earlier.
But there are challenges that we all face every day.
what to look for
As he prayed, I joined in by touching his arm and raising my right hand, just as the chaplain was doing over Olivia.
Certain times of the year are good times to find bargains. After Christmas, around bank holidays, and at the shift of the seasons, are typical points at which items are put on sale. If you can, it is obviously better to wait until these points to acquire items for the wardrobe. With luck and some strategic planning you might be able to acquire your year 1 items in fewer than half dozen separate purchases.
the air moves in
The pace faster, but still allowing friends to linger
Last game in Atlanta when Erik Bedard got his first win as a pirate he struck out 9 braves and not many people thought that he was a strikeout pitcher but today he had 11 and leds the NL in K’s. It didnt start out very good for the bucs when in the first inning David Freese had an rbi double, that double was followed bu Allen Craig when he doubled in Freese to make it 2-0. It didnt look like Bedard would have a very good game but he settled down and was able to go 5 innings. The Pirates got on the board in the 4th inning when Clint Barmes had one of his 2 rbi doubles today. The Pirates took the led in the 6th when Pedro Alvarez hit his 7th homer of the year and continues his hot hitting. In the 7th Alex Presley added a rbi groundout. Barmes added his second double in the 8th and Nate McLouth also added a rbi single in the 9th. The Red Birds made it interesting in the 9th when Craig doubled again to score a run. But Joel Hanrahan was able to get out of the jam and Raise the Jolly Roger.
Dr. Karl Watson, the President of the Barbados National Trust, was in the paper recently saying he “eagerly awaited the day when the formal Cabinet decision to legally establish the National Park of Barbados would become reality.”
My name is...ummm...err...Jennifer, that sounds right, yes I'm Jennifer and I have mommy brain syndrome or MBS. It started back when I was pregnant with DD and has been gaining momentum ever since. It is so bad that I am quite sure that if I were ever in an accident that rendered me unconscious or otherwise speechless and in the hospital I fear being pronounced VOA (vegetable on arrival) as I am sure they would discover a flatline where waves of brain activity should be.
As a successful businessman, Davis achieved the highest credentials as an actuary and became a principal in a large firm while still in his twenties. He currently manages an employee benefits consulting practice that covers the southern region of the United States, with offices in four cities.
It’s very rare that a situation would arise where a vendor wouldn’t show up on your wedding day.
5. Use passive verbs if action is being done to the subject. Subject=”victim” of verb
Expensive this one, but it is highly respected.
Stearone – See Stearic Acid.
-- If you are submitting a horizontal image, it needs to measure 600 pixels in width
There was a vivid moment where we were standing on the front porch of a mutual friend, the day the daughter ran away. The mom was telling us about the conversation that she'd had with the counselor and the reason that they wouldn't let her come and get her daughter. Since the daughter had accused her mom of abusing her, they had to investigate. I remember saying something about how silly that was and surely it wasn't true. The mother had admitted to slapping her daughter in the face once when she was really really upset and had immediately regretted it and apologized. The mom told us that her husband accused her of abusing the kids all the time and that the daughter was simply repeating what she'd heard. She was lamenting how unfair it was to be accused of abuse and how terrible it was for her husband to say such things. Her husband walked up around this time and over heard part of the conversation. All of us standing there on the porch told him that he shouldn't accuse his wife of abuse when she's not abusive.
However, Sara's photographer friend Colin Young Wolff took some amazing behind-the-scenes and concert photos. You can check them out here.
In my attempt to do more meaningful things this year, the kids and I have had the opportunity to work at Parker Pioneer Homestead. We have to dress up in the time period. My job is to take a class of school children to a particular station such as: the grist mill, the barn, the general store, the laundry area, the broom shed, the old school, the post office, the log cabins, the saw mill, the blacksmith and other stations. My children are supposed to help in this small task. I think Reece assisted me once and didn't even know it. I think he has a fear of crowds because Friday when there were over 800 students he stayed near me almost the entire day. The day before there were over 600 students and I rarely saw him. My daughter and a friend took a few classes to stations and called it a day before running off to play. Basically, their main job is to play! They have preformed their duty very well I might add. The school children absolutely get a kick out of watching my kids and the other fortunate children (homeschooled children) run around in the homestead in their appropriate attire. Some children have asked my kids if they lived there and really had to wash their laundry in the wash tubs.
The rest of the experience was the same as before and very pleasant. The servers were not distracting from the movie and paying for the bill was very simple.
Last Call for Albums Going Out of Print
A light house can also be defined as a distinctive structure built on or near a shore which exhibits a light of distinctive characteristic to serve as an aid to navigation.
floating
The ribbon is Fuchsia pink satin ribbon from The Paperie (in Florida).
700ml vegetable stock
3: strikingly, excitingly, or mysteriously different or unusual
its own soul
Anger rose up into the wolfs heart
Believe in Jesus and be Saved!!
BTW - Marie shared with me her sketches of Day and June, the main characters of Legend. I just love getting a chance to see exactly what an author was envisioning when they created their story! I know that when the movie comes out (yes, movie rights have been optioned!!), they won't look like this, but it is still cool to see into the author's mind.
Reds - Deep Blues - Greens - Rich Golds - Violets
Ramsey’s attention refocused on Camille’s face. A grin widened on his face. “I could say the same. I’m particular about the women I take from and you’re not my type, claret or sex.” He swept an arm around her waist. “I can find any woman on the streets more than eager to quench my thirst, any night of the week and any time I desire. I don’t need you.”
So what exactly do I get so caught up worrying about? That He won’t be able to handle something thrown my way? That He won’t in fact follow through on His promise to work all things for my good? Or that He will forget about me?
Have I done enough for my mom? No. Not at all. I cannot compare what I have done for my mom with what my mom has done for me. It’s incomparable. Take Mt.Everest and compare it with a Mom’s love. Mr.Everest is NOTHING! Nothing compared to mom’s love.
Uneventful down. Haven't flown back yet.
Combine the egg yolks and sugar in a bowl and blend on medium-high speed for 3 minutes, until the mixture has lightened to a cream color.
It's almost half over!!!
There are so many good things here, it's hard to know where to begin. I will tell you that this salad is a powerhouse of nutrients but it rocks with flavor and the combination of veggies is really music to the taste buds!
2010.08.16 Afghanistan Ghazni 2 5 A remote-controlled bomb on a bridge takes out two civilians.
Attracted by the spiral flaky look of the teochew mooncake , its a totally new challenge for me to try out this new recipe. Again to mention I am not a big fan of mooncake, yet it didn't stop me from exploring more mooncake recipes.Honestly I have not tasted any Teochew Mooncake before. It makes me really want to try this recipe immediately .
Please LORD may You grant me the faith of a child,
We’re thankful for…
I'm certain y'all know what I'm talkin' about here. That's a lonely place to be and quite frankly, it sucks.
Home is in your heart
This post, is more of a continuation to the last post made by Setu; for he had rightly mentioned that there’s a lot unsaid, not that he intended to; whatever, heck, I’d like to add certain happenings that bug me to an extent that I mindlessly hurl abuses at people at people not remotely associated with the cause. Getting straight to the point(s), clubbing together what Setu has aforementioned and rants of my own. No I probably wont categorize them, my posts are as random as they can be anyways.
and the door to my oldest son's room.
bite someone’s head off
Info links to protect your images
Jung retreats toward the conscious functions and his own comfort with the therapeutic environment. His retreat is, tellingly, toward the attitudes with which he has the greatest comfort, the attitudes with which he had achieved the greatest success prior to his break with Freud and his immersion in the world he would come to call the collective unconscious.
Price: Burgers $7-$10, Dogs $3-$5, Sides $3-$7
It was not a bad place to be for an hour on a cool fall day. Kinda reminded me that the City of Brooklyn build Prospect Park because so many people were just hanging out in Green-Wood Cemetery.
Explanation of the transquote:
BY: BLUECHAIR
Please make sure you follow the challenge theme and
I gasp when I look at you and realize that you are not so little anymore.
Peterborough Chase, 2002 King George VI Chase and the 2003 Ericsson Chase at Leopardstown. In more recent times, Racing Demon landed the Peterborough Chase in 2006 and 2007, while Somersby has been a standard bearer in Grade One contests, gaining his first victory at the top level in this year’s Victor Chandler Chase whilst filling the runners-up spot in the 2010 Arkle and last year’s Victor Chandler Chase.
Politicians ignore economists because they’re the only profession with a loud minority who speak truth to power. Over at Anti-Dismal, I enjoyed the discussion of how David Cunliffe has to be getting bad economic advice.
This was a quick romance tale which was fast and fun to read. Karina Bliss does storytelling very well. I liked that there were a few side stories which were being told so the reader became more invested in the story. You feel for each character and hope a positive outcome comes into the story.
I get to school and tell the kids I'm sorry for getting upset. Parker is only focused on one thing "Mommy is it crazy hair day?" I said yes and he got upset again because he didn't know about crazy hair day .. I thought how in the world did he miss Brooke and I talking about it and her getting upset with me about it? I just assumed he didn't want to do it. Then Jonas does his normal get upset routine when I'm dropping him off at preschool and doesn't want to go. Needless to say the morning continues and I go to the car wash... so excited to finally clean my nasty van get all the rest of the trash out and then go to grab my purse . .. no purse! Really?! Then I look down and Kate had spit up all over my shirt ... good thing I didn't waste my time taking a shower this morning. I quickly wipe it off and run home to get my purse because I want to catch the early bird special at the car wash place. I walk into my living room seeing my 120 pound lab laying across the couch fast asleep probably comatose because he had gotten into the trash can! There was trash all over the house!! I wanted to cry and I did cry. Wow I thought! I grabbed a coke... forget about eating healthy, threw away the to do list and headed to CVS to get a candy bar. Then I just pulled over while Kate was sleeping and rolled down the windows to just my breath and enjoyed my Reeces with Dark chocolate( btw so yummy). I never in a million years would have thought it was this hard to be a mother! I was a kindergarten teacher, I could handle this no problem.Well, I'm here to say it's truly the hardest job I will ever have! Tomorrow is another day and hopefully It will be better than today but again I know I'm going to fail and thank goodness I believe in a God that will forgive me and still love me even though I lose my cool. I even know that someday I will look back at mornings like this and miss every second of my kids being young and needing me for so much. But for right now, I feel like I'm in the trenches of motherhood. I'm just so overwhelmed, worn down, tired, beat up, forgetful, dirty, and under appreciated MOM. But I don't give up I will fight my hardest to keep my sanity and pour as much as I can into these precious gifts. Yes, there is two days left next week before I hit the reality of having four children continually all day long. Please pray for me! This is the last summer before Brooke and Parker head off to school for the next 18 years. I owe it to them to help build them a strong foundation before sending them off to school.
I opened up my big lavender book and played through the Ballade, still skipping pages four and five because I have the rest of my life to learn those two goddamn pages. I am falling in love with Chopin's piano music again. Even though I stopped playing his music, I never stopped listening to it. It is not a perfect collection of music, his, and it's a well-known fact that his music is played and played and played and... played. All day, every day. Chopin piano music. But does anyone really understand it? Really, truly, honestly? I don't know the answer to that question. Anyway, yeah. This Ballade is magical. It clicks with me immediately, and I suddenly find myself immersed in a time where I never had to worry about all of the shit that occupies my mind nowadays. A carefree life where I thought for myself and existed completely inside myself. Fucking paradise. It was such an amazing feeling... And this is nothing new, I have known for a while that incredible things can lie in the pages of music long untouched. Entire memories are enclosed in the black-and-white print of manuscript, preserved almost perfectly, and when opened again (especially when you didn't even mean to) the experience is mind-blowing, shocking. I can't really explain it. It's a warm feeling, and I imagine my hair blowing in the wind or something.
A Christmas Wedding Tail ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 PM
It has been a beautiful weekend! The sun is out and the weather is nice. I hope the kids are ready to work tomorrow and that the weather keeps them calm!
we've also been super busy with school, dance, and friends. you know, the usual. I like keeping busy, but I'd like a break every now & again, too. :)
Monster Laboratory for Halloween.
They also have another “board” that is dedicated to Fashion Week where they have high quality photos from the runway. Most of the photos they have on this board now are from recent shows that had clothing for Fall 2012, but when fashion week rolls around again, I could see W using this platform to really expand their Fashion Week coverage in a high quality way.
With me holding my tripod with the camera precariously dangling above Ella Rose, she did her best not to look as worried as she obviously was about me or the camera falling on top of her.
Micro the Mothership and Void Rays carefully enough, and you’ll eventually be wiping out entire armies without losing a single unit. The Carrier is there really for intimidation and confusion. The counter the Mothership is the Corruptor, so a small number of Phoenix should be built as soon as your opponent realizes you have a Mothership. Or you could go with extra Carriers.
As I travel I am more and more annoyed with the USA and more and more certain I'm never moving away. It sucks just enough less than everywhere I've been so I guess I'll stay.
From @tiffanystoybox
And all of the neighbors they say
Now this is where you dye the extensions if you please. Human hair can be dyed normally, but watch out for synthetic. I would do a strand test before doing any hard-core dying. When I dyed my extensions pastel pink, I followed NikkiLipstick's tutorial here.
Answering emails.
So, today my mom and some of my uncles went up with my dad as he did a flight with my grandfather. You would NEVER believe this picture she took of herself!!! Its EXACTLY the same as the one I took of myself!!!
When Leonard received the e-mail, the little kitten was starting to explore the apartment on its own while Henna nervously watched its every move.
I do not care for any race obsessed groups; not kkk, black panthers, la raza, etc. I think business and political groups based on race or ethnicity are not helpful in the pursuit of a free country. And problematic to the evolution of a better society and peaceful culture.
There's only one word for this cute top...LOVE! I cannot get over how Deletta continually puts out amazing layering pieces...they are so good! This tank is a must-have in my closet in a few colors, I fear. I tried on both the pink and yellow motifs and want them both. And the turquoise too. Oh boy. I tried these on in both X-Smalls and Smalls and the X-Small was a perfect fit. The neckline is perfection (not too low) and the way the top hangs at the bottom is just the way I like...not too flowy, but not too clingy. Don't be shocked if you end up seeing this top in some future OOTD's. Wish listed in several colors!
Dyke/Fag: I guess I sorta feel like I’m asking for my cake and eating it too.
Well, here we are in Austin which is the capital city of Texas. The state that gave us The state that gave us “Walker Texas Ranger”! Glad y’all came back.
I was FINALLY able to wear a dress I've been DY.ING to wear somewhere....I bought it for $6 at Goodwill...and actually paid twice that to have it drycleaned, but I guess it was worth it. ;-) Beautiful green silk that flared out when I spun around on the dance floor. FUN STUFF folks. I have a confession.....I buy most of my clothes at Goodwill. The Marion, Iowa Goodwill is possibly the best Goodwill in all the land....brand new high quality clothes ALL THE TIME. Awesome clothes. I once scored a pair of $200 jeans there....for $3. I didn't much care that they originally cost $200....but realized there is definitely a difference in quality between $200 jeans and $30 jeans!
to save a sayer from their poems:
Moving away from music, here is a football "trick throw" artist that is unbelievable. Not sure how well he does or can perform with five-hundred pound linemen rushing at him, but just the sheer accuracy of his throwing is awesome.
A bit dark for an IPA – I like the look of it. Steady beading with small bubbles. Sturdy looking off white head, heavy, heavy lacing. No smell of pineapple or citrus or sawdust. There’s definitely a nutty roasted component but if I were to do a blind tasting on this I would not peg it as an IPA. This is good but to me it misses the mark stylistically – more like an amber ale I think.
The barn sits on what is left (roughly 1-1/4 acres) of the original 1855 donation land claim (originally 640 acres) of John Cochran. The barn was built in 1900, but it wasn't until a few years later that someone decided to paint the advertising sign. Something of a rarity today, especially in this area.
25. The Republican Party: Our Bridge to the 11th Century
“Geldbane,” Naida stopped walking and put a firm hand on his shoulder. “You’re in the kingdom of Geldbane.”
After having the evidence and personal observations presented, some of you might cling on solely to the hard-copy books. While others, would like to embrace the audiobooks and eBooks. Though it is reasonable if some would only desire to stick with one type of book to avoid confusion (or maybe for OCD purposes), I would personally like to provide this final observation for categorizing the genre of book with the type (or format) for, in my opinion, the best usage of books.
Place on your hand a Turquoise blue;
I've never watched them before, but I heard slaughterhouse videos are a horrorfest and that animals squirm and struggle, loudly, before they die. It isn't humane. We try to be as humane as we can be to curb the guilt, but it ain't fooling no one.
Written by Jean Shepherd, Leigh Brown and Bob Clark. Directed by Bob Clark.
Whether you spell it “whisky” or “whiskey” (Mistress MJ prefers to add an “e”)…today marks the first annual World Whisky Day.
How can'st thou presume, thou hast leave to destroy
There was a French vanity table,
Meanwhile, a 30-year-old man was killed after the motorcycle he was riding was struck by a car on Coromandel bridge on State Highway 25, near south of Tairua, about 11:30am.
4) Steal, steal, steal!
I tried to hide my shock. And I was shocked. Shaken, like I’ve never been before.
Quickly becoming one of my favorite breweries, Deschutes was highly anticipated in Kansas City after a delayed release into our market, but have been met with an equal amount of fanfare since getting here. Last I heard, they anticipate being on the Kansas side sometime this month (pending any setbacks) as well, so soon both sides of the state line will have the pleasure of enjoying a Black Butte Porter, Inversion IPA or The Stoic (which is my personal favorite and still on a lot of shelves, go get one!).
If I start running out of ideas, I can always start finishing some of the projects I've started.
In the last hours of his life, the Holy Spirit was so close that it is hard for me to put into words to explain. I was praying in the Spirit and the room filled with such glory that I thought that we would both be raptured and leave this earth!
I was eager to share what I learned from Iweala's speech with the African I know best. Unfortunately, my husband (a Nigerian like Iweala) could not resist the impulse to crush the evidence that change is possible & already underway. He said "She is a politician. She's lying."
Falling in love isn’t easy when it’s challenged by a brutal duke, a murderous king, and the threat of war between kingdoms. But true love doesn’t care about convenience, and it certainly has no aversion to danger. When Princess Araya flees an arranged marriage to Duke Peter, her only goal is freedom, even if that means she must evade her father’s armed guards—men under strict orders to carry out her capture. She never counted on falling in love with the man who rescues her.
I should have known it was going to be a bad day when we went to the Madison Children's Museum (lovely and creative and spacious and stimulating) and A used the opportunity to shove a few boys. The first boy tried to touch a baby doll that A was playing with, but I was holding. This victim got a swift hand planted on the chest which sent him to the floor. The other boy leaned in for a kiss and got shoved backwards.
Slip stitch in the first sc, chain 12.
I promise a whole reveal when I get my act together and finish up all the crafting I have been doing in my SPARE? time.
Last year, Apple took Proview to a Chinese court, claiming trademark infringement, but the court ruled the US company lacked "supporting facts and evidence" for its claim.
25 FDA. Guidance for Industry:Characterization and Qualification of Cell Substrates and Other Biological Materials Used in the Production of Viral Vaccines for Infectious Disease Indications. February 2010.
We arrived at the airport, and were a little uncertain about what we were to do. We knew Bob would be meeting us, but last time we saw him (when we arrived here over three weeks ago), he was in a DGM uniform. So today, when a plain clothed man came up, it took me a moment to realize that was actually Bob.
She restored his belief in himself and put healing ointments, as it were, on all the bruises of his soul.
I give you now Surprise Exhibit B, the sight of which caused his wife to highjump six feet into the air, clutching her ample bosom, while shrieking his name like an evil banshee, and for which (I am betting cold, hard cash) Wayne did not get laid.
and the only reason i have to go through this is because SOMEONE at hetzner through a small fit about naked people.
In Autumn’s sea born City?
Fortunately, by the time we went to breakfast on Saturday, this trapezoid episode had slipped from my mind. As we made our way away from the collection area and walked along the gravel drive between the track and the stables we passed a Ford F150 with an unusual horse trailer attached to it. The trailer was white and had a large half door at its midpoint. Over the top of the door we could see a series of pulleys and arms and straps hanging down from the underside of the roof. Along the side of the trailer were printed the words “Equine Ambulance.” When Ava read this out loud, it immediately caught Pip’s attention. He is an avid observer of emergency vehicles and has developed a keen ear for the subtle variations in the sirens of the fire trucks, ambulances, and police cars that regularly go down one of the busy roads near our apartment. An ambulance for horses was something Pip had not considered before, and he spent a minute or two looking this one over. Then he turned to me and said, “Daddy, why doesn’t this ambulance have any flashing lights?”
4Come up to me and give me help, and let us make an attack on Gibeon: for they have made peace with Joshua and the children of Israel.
What we can take from this is that Nolan has placed within us a sense of Persistent Reveal, where we are ever conscious of the revelations being given. This expositional technique is also used in shows like Lost, and Nolan’s other film, Inception. By opening on mystery and maintaining a progression of revelation, Nolan makes us feel as if we are detectives, investigating correctly and putting the pieces together based on new pieces of evidence.
REASONING BY THE CONTROLLER
Mr Incredible and I were on board with making this about Boo--her first time to Disneyland was going to revolve around her schedule, her moods, her interests. Not every trip is going to be a pure child-focused family vacation--most of our travel is to visit family or attend events. Those trips have a different dynamic and we have specific expectations for them. When we're in visiting mode, we want to be on our best behavior. We don't see relatives as often as we'd like (unless it's WAY TOO FREAKING OFTEN, and stay tuned for some future musings about dealing with family...) so there's a lot of talking and not always a lot of action.
Most shoes just have one color glitter. I think you should get as much shine as humanly possible so I used three colors of glitter.
“You know, I think it’s kind of ridiculous that we’re playing a game of 20 questions with a chicken!” yelled Arik, at his wits end again.
Andrew made plans for 30 minutes from now he forgot to mention.
On the way back to the highway we stopped in the city of Deadwood. I can't believe how large and how well preserved the downtown is. Deadwood was a boom town funded by gold mining in the Black Hills, but it was also the home of some of the most infamous names in cowboy history. The cemetery in town is the resting place to such famous westerners as Calamity Jane, Wild Bill Hickok, Seth Bullock, Potato Creek Johnny, and some great outlaws of the west. The entire town is a National Registered Landmark and is slowly being restored to a frontier town, with plenty of gambling and booze. haha. Lee and I walked up and down the streets stretching our legs before heading to Wyoming and Devils Tower.
- Test the water temperature with your elbow rather than your hand.*
I hope your little math monkeys enjoy doing Today's Number as much as mine do. I allow my kiddos to choose their own two-digit numbers, and for some students, I encourage them to use three-digit numbers. (For any that do three-digit numbers, I tell them to show only the tens and ones for the tally marks.)
I couldn't pronounce it, and got a Canadian volunteer teacher to coach me
On Saturday, 7 April, my cousin, Kate, married (her) Dave and started an amazing new chapter in this journey called life … It was beautiful on a cliff top overlooking Harties: superb weather, food and family PLUS loads of special memories! And it got me thinking, and feeling nostalgic …
The trigger on this gun might be a deal-breaker for some, especially those with larger hands. It’s double action-only and has a pull weight between eight and 10 pounds. Rapid and accurate firing of this pistol is probably not going to happen for the inexperienced shooter.
“It means……it means….” I stare at the board. My thoughts are going “I don’t know what that means!! I’m a mixed-up chameleon! Does anyone know what that means? Has anyone ever got Eric Carle on the line and asked him what his stupid story is suppose to mean. Does he not wear a mask even in social situations? What is that fly suppose to represent anyway! someone’s passion or purpose? Where is my fly? Does everyone walk around mixed-up at the mercy of some Musca Domestica, waiting around in a confused haze until that fly decides to show up?”
overdosed on a narcotic
Rating 73
In terms of shade, I didn't have anything similar. As you can see I compared Full of Joy to MAC Giggly and Azalea Blossom. Both are darker and lean more towards pink. Overall I'm quite happy that I didn't miss out on this shade. Did you pick up any of the Tres Cheeks shades?
We talked for a while about boys of that age and how unpredictable they can be, how an older child can so easily lead younger ones into situations that escalate like that one did, and how all three of them now have a great story to add to their growing cache of adventures. We shook our heads and reminisced about our own early scrapes, marveling yet again that kids ever survive to adulthood at all, and it made me think about the growing trend these days of trying to protect them from more…and more and more…of the perennial dangers that always lurk in the world.
Prof Hooper:
Carb lovers rejoice! A have found yet another potato salad recipe that is simple to prepare, but is different than your usual run of the mill potato salad. I saw this recipe on the Chew last week and I could not wait to fire up my grill! The grill will give this salad another layer of depth and flavor so try not to skip the grilling if you can. I even got more excited when I went to the market and found purple potatoes! I figured in addition to the potato salad being delicious it would also be beautiful!
Today is the perfect day in London with temperatures in the high 80's and I am enjoying a few days here before I settle down in France for the summer. As I jumped into a cab this morning I was greeted with, 'What a day, it doesn't get better than this, does it?' You see even though Londoners complain, and in particular cabbies, they really are very proud about their city....especially when she shines. xv
“No, you don’t. No one has ever done this to you. Even if a girlfriend cheated on you, it wasn’t this. You weren’t married to them, you didn’t have a child with them, you hadn’t been with them for 12 years! You didn’t put up with it unknowingly for 2 years. You have no idea what I’m going through. You can’t possibly understand, stop saying that you do.”
Punky Sprouts album
I successfully updated my Gypsy today for the first time in over a year. I had tried to update it last year to add the Imagine icon but it would not update. It took me over 3 hours to update but was worth it. I did get the bridge error once near the end but tried it again and it worked.
So the Father is God, the Son is God, and the Holy Ghost is God.
We have not long returned from a very quick few days away at Batemans Bay for a little family holiday. The weather around here looked a little dodgy and since I was in desperate need of changing the scenery and catching a breath of fresh air, Marty agreed to duck away. I got a last minute cheap deal on a motel room so off we went. Cant say it was a fabulous holiday or anything, although it was defintely good to be somewhere different and not have to do any cooking or cleaning. We totally blew the budget on eating out but really enjoyed it and had something different every meal, every day. When the kids weren't whinging or fighting they did get to do a bit of paddling at the beach, we also went fishing and managed to catch one, and we enjoyed a drive down the coast, looking around for the day.
3.) We still don't have the dresses or hair appointments or make-up appointments listed...or shoes...It breaksdown that there is very little organization besides what my Aunt is doing for my cousin & his fiancee.
I read romance novels sometimes so was thinking a romance with a few sex scenes, but so far this is fetish, BDSM mind porn with an attempted plot. A plot borrowed heavily from The Graduate, Pretty Woman and Indecent Proposal, and steamy is an understatement. It’s porn. As I tried to find book club questions, I’ve seen that it is a Twilight fan fiction book, but I don’t really see the similarity to the vampire diaries yet. I do find the mental struggle Ana has with her “inner goddess” on every other page annoying in a similar way to the parts I hate most about Twilight.
As for the current transport guy, he is the most pitiful of the lot. His predecessor had went out with a lucrative job, with the most spoilage done. He loosen the COE in his time, and now this current guy had repair by tightening the COE issue. I sympathise this current guy. COE is the only and way of life in our little country. You tighten it, people yell, you loosen it, the country cry with jams. I do not think any one in the world without end can solve this. But I do my part, I threw away my car owning. What might help is to throw away the motor cycle COE ,ERP and parking fees for the motor cyclists, may be it may convert 5% from cars to motor cycle. Think about it. On taxi fare, upping them need a lot of explaining to do, but this is simple here. The good point is raising of taxi fare or any cost, yelling inSingaporeonly last a couple of months, and then people will just shut up and continue to spend as it is. This isSingaporeonly. But do not try in on the richer lot, like the HAS to the medical elite, you will have to reverse them.
Jack nodded, “Go out prepared to be attacked. I like it.”
“Yes, I am off to Greece.”
CAROLINE LAWRENCE
7. Make the book as long as possible. That way, readers can enjoy it more.
Don’t get me wrong. I ain’t complaining and I ain’t biting the hands that feed me (us) and I’m not even thinking of anyone in particular. AND I also love broiled salmon. But the other evening at dinner I mentioned the way I made salmon the night before and was really surprised to see the women quickly turn and gather ’round as if I was E.F. Hutton. Broiling-good. Marinating-good. Glazing-good. *Shmearing-good. All good. So here is a quick and savory shmear for you. Plus, a couple of sides that are wonderfully adaptable to what’s on hand.
Lately I've been saving myself a lot of trouble by buying the frozen melanzane already prepared and grilled. I don't know if you can easily get them outside Italy, but if you can, they're in the frozen veg section. Pretty cheap too.
I just stared at him and looked at his eyes, because
Below are some pics from a swap meet on the weekend. Unfortunately I got there late and they were packing up as I was looking. Also about 60% of what was being sold was car parts. Still I found a few interesting things to gawk at.
Sure, it’s a drastically different life compared to the incredible number of FCKs in the world. Sure, it’s completely odd to many and impossible to relate to for the rest. But in the end, it’s who I am, and who I am is a man of multiple cultures with the gift of a life that is full of understanding, respect, and appreciation for every corner of the planet.
and I realised something....
I got thinking about this quote and figured that it is our own pride and quest to be independent that drives us away from one another in a time of crisis, stress, illness, etc. For some, they would rather not be viewed as a burden; for others, they believe they think better when they are left along. There is a reason why children flourish when they are shown an abundance of love and affection. Studies of babies from overcrowded orphangages show that with prolonged periods of being left alone with little to no other human interaction are now having problems adapting to a social and nurturing atomsphere.
Let rest on cookie sheets for 5 to 10 minutes, then roll in the confectioner's sugar. Arrange on a wire rack to cool completely.
Total = $12.64
You giggle once in a while and look around to check your surroundings.
Sadly, it isn’t the case with Kannada cinema and television industry.
- Under the UK’s Tax Avoidance Schemes Regulations 2006, it is illegal not to tell the taxman anything you don’t want him to know, though you don’t have to tell him anything you don’t mind him knowing.
Sometimes I catch myself falling back into my old ways, but a little voice says, the pleasures you got before were only temporary and you regretted doing it, so why even start? Also, these have been my experiences. I’m not trying to preach because I know it can get very frustrating to hear or read, “do this, do that” and everything will be perfect. That’s not my goal.
Until next week,
Papers: cream papers from Pink Petticoat as above; black paper by Bo Bunny;
Canterbury 64.6% to 65.2% (309,700 to 325,600)
It was very hard to choose the winners for this challenge, there were so many awesome entries! In order to acknowledge the talent gracing our pages, and making up for the glitch, I chose not three, but SIX runner-up creations... enjoy!
Toss brussel sprouts into soup pot with lard. Cover and set on medium heat. Give them a stir every once in a while.
More tips from Kasey:
I really have to hand it to Marvel though, handled with anything less than the utmost care and attention this would have been a disaster waiting to happen. Between the huge hype, the sheer scale of the endeavour and the fact that Hell hath no fury like a fanboy scorned, this could have easily been the death of comic book adaptations. Thankfully, it’s not. It’s awesome beyond anything I can fit into a few hundred words worth of review. Every character is given their fair share of the limelight and no matter who’s your favourite you’ll be unlikely to come away feeling hard done by. The worry by some that Iron Man would steal all the attention isn’t a problem at all, and the new characters introduced get tied seamlessly into meaningful plot points, keeping the spotlight on the tried and tested but developing them enough for future use. I honestly don’t know how Joss Whedon did it, but he managed to hide a compelling story behind a series of already incredibly enticing and almost entirely spoiler free trailers.
September 22 - October 28, 2012
It was when he found himself floating, upside-down, in water that flowed along the top of the pipe while the bottom half opened to show the field below that the ache at the front of his brain started to pound. The pipe curved around through about half the required dimensions, and suddenly he was stumbling onto a tiny ledge, staggering forward and pressing himself to the cliff face as gallons of water lashed at him.
But the bloke’s main hobby horse is that he thinks the Dollar should go back on the gold standard; and like The Slog, he believes the gold market is manipulated….and the US has far less of it in Fort Knox than it pretends. He was a key driver behind the Gold Reserves Transparency Act of 2011, since the passage of which a House subcommittee is now holding a hearing on whether it was enough. Basically, the hearing morphed into a debate about whether sufficient information is available to the American public about the amount of gold the U.S. holds.
Johnny Strabler (Marlon Brando) is the leader of a motorcycle gang. They go to a small town and Johnny meets and falls in love with Kathie Bleeker (Mary Murphy). Problem is, she’s the daughter of a policeman. A rival gang then arrives and makes a mess out of everything.
Georgia Nicholson Series (Louise Rennison)
I read it a couple of times, but had no idea why it was up there, and watched as a few classmates started to stream in. The substitute teacher finally made his appearance as an ordinary looking, middle-aged white guy with a beard. Most subs fall into two types, the ones who want to continue the lesson plan as if they were the regular teacher, or they just give everyone a free study hall to due anything they want, as long as it stays quiet. He said he wasn’t comfortable doing the science work left for us, and instead we would have a discussion. After he read the quote that had been written behind him in chalk, he asked if anyone had ever heard of Muddy Waters. No one responded, so he went into a brief history of the blues, and eventually he even got a few kids to ask some questions. Somebody asked if Muddy was his real name, and that set off another long story about how musicians sometimes had nicknames and different performing names, turns out Muddys actual name was McKinley Morganfield. Old stories and songs from long ago, the whole thing sounded like they could have known Huckleberry Finn. At thirteen years old, this blues thing didn’t seem too exciting. The whole conversation was unusual, but subs sometimes acted a little weird, and the hour seemed to go by quickly with everyone bolting the room as soon as the ending bell rang.
PS After many requests I have now added an 'email me' button (just above Popular Posts on the right hand side) as several people didn't have a Blogger Id to register comments.
On Thursday, Wee Z went to his kids club whilst Husband and Miss C went swimming with Mummy N and Wee L and another mummy and her little boy. I was, sadly, working! I'm told Miss C had a great time and had Husband up and down the slide whilst Wee Z did some Easter crafts and went ice skating at his club with Miss E.
I would like to first apologize for anyone offended by my previous comments on the "Undeniable Virtue of the Oppressed," post.
The intruder pointed the gun at him, he said, so he grabbed his own handgun and fired at least twice.
The elven city is so adorable, with the lights and the music, you just want to hang out there forever. The elven army is lethal with their druids and their master hunters. You just don’t want this city to come at you because no matter how cool you are you can’t beat that army without sustaining serious damage to your own army. The elven heroes have the skill of the avenger which is close to useless because you need to go home and decide who your prime target is. There never comes a time where you turn your army around and ride home just to do that.
Of course, this latter category is what phonics people think of as bad reading. However, it may not necessarily be so. Parents who have sat with their children reading to them and with them night after night, can often recall a moment where the child appeared to make a breakthrough - or several. That is, moments where the child appeared to suddenly 'get' it. It is quite possible that the way such children 'get' it, might not correspond to what is being tested in a phonics screening/decoding test. If this test hits such children at an early point in the way such children (I'm thinking of mine, actually) are learning to read, I could well imagine them failing and me being told they have failed, them asking me if they've failed and me telling them they've failed....
I was seven. My grandmother was having a stroke. I called 9-1-1.
“Master.” Darien chuckled when he saw Christian’s blank stare, letting go of Addison and letting her head sink back into the couch. “I can do it too if-“
When Velsor asked to see the gold shield again, Rainier refused, police said. Velsor asked Rainier to get out of the car. Again, he refused, police said.
The Ely Home at 135 W. Bluff
For the first time in weeks, today my calendar lists NO appointments. And I decided on Monday that the to-do list was making me feel overwhelmed and a bit glum, so I'm trying to hold it at arm's length for a while--you know, only getting stuff done that really could not be put off, keeping those appointments that I had already made weeks ago, and generally doing as little as possible otherwise, taking things a bit more slowly.
Previously in The Weekly Wodehouse
Texas Born, Bred, Brewed and Proud:
Don’t let it happen to you!
There's no need to rush
See, earlier today, I was looking all cute. I did wonder why I was having this little cough thing that was starting to drive me crazy though. By 11 AM, I'm not only coughing, my nose is running like a damn faucet, and so are my eyes. Every bit of my eyeliner is gone. My nose is all red from using the tissues every two seconds and I'm having chills and hot flashes almost at the same time.
Dark coffee mornings wear nothing but knowing smiles
Wherever you are today, “There’s quite enough hope and quite enough power to chase away any gloom, for Jesus, Lord Jesus, is in this very room.” —David McCasland
Kathi Oram Peterson’s The Stone Traveler is a wonderful coming-of-age story that delivers a solid fantasy tale with beautifully-paced spiritual elements woven throughout. It’s written in first-person, through Tag’s and Sabirah’s distinctive voices. It took me a few chapters to catch the rhythm of the story, but from the middle to the end I was turning pages furiously, intrigued by unexpected plot twists and surprises at every turn. Her characterizations are distinct and endearing, and her ability to maintain their individual voices while allowing them to grow and develop, was executed masterfully.
his own truth
I was led into a bedroom which, to my relief, had several boxes of books. My heart sank when I saw a pile of short story anthologies (they're impossible to sell), but some of the other titles were more promising.
‘Fire to The Herald’
This book is going to win multiple awards. And they'll be well deserved. I'll go on record right now as predicting this will definitely win the Schneider Family Award. But I hope it also garners at least a Newbery honor next January.
You know that toy you had as a toddler? The one where you push the shaped blocks through their corresponding holes? Well, people aren’t like that. I think that we try to ‘classify’ ourselves as one type or another so we will know where we fit in. Well, I don’t think that makes much sense. You can’t be who you are supposed to be if you keep trying to be who you think you are.
1422 D-IV/23/2002. “On Learning From and With Others.” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
I did listen to this book on audio. It is produced by Brilliance Audio and performed by Kate Rudd. Rudd does a wonderful job narrating this story and all the voices are distinct and believable. The production is exceptionally well done making listening to the book a great way to experience this remarkable novel. The audio even has a special Q & A with John Green. I would highly recommend the audio version of this novel.
What is the current market landscape and what is changing?
“A northern ally will not make one speck of difference to The Troubles.” Lord Thibault looked up at his father, his eyes once again lit with an internal fire. “But Yashtii’s people can call forth the most destructive force in the eight kingdoms combined. If we could hold that terror over the heads of the other houses, The Troubles would cease.”
Before you can draw
Research a way to better store DVD & CD's (music and computer) without taking up so much space.
How to Become Tall – 3 Exercises That Actually Work
“What’s he got in mind?” Marley asked.
May 8, 2009 Clip No. 2103
Here is a photo looking at Camelback Mountain from the North side.
The chop salad had corn, tomato, avocado, green apple, red onion, and blue cheese on top of romaine. It was very flavorful and crisp, and it came in a huge portion. I couldn’t even finish it…which means that I can have the rest for lunch today.
I tried it twice. The first was a massive success and the second was an epic failure. The first happened when I went to the island of Boracay alone for three days; and ended up staying there for two weeks.
I’m hoping there will be occasions however, where it won’t hurt either. And in the meantime, I look forward to always working on my listening skills.
There is nothing more irritating for some men than the occasion when they feel the need to buy their girlfriends flowers. This obligatory event may be a minuscule effort yet looms larger than anything conceivable. And then there is the terror of Valentine's Day, where a last-minute purchase in New York City is tantamount to lunacy.
Now it's time to get hopping. Literally. Need to get to Easter Bunny duties!
“For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us.” (1 Corinithian 5:7)
This week I spoke with Rowan Science Professor, Donald Farnelli. I had him my freshman year, spring semester and thought he might be able to give some better insight into our beach ecosystem and beach erosion.
Helen Hunt (in the movie) has been through the loss of her parents, a divorce, a miscarriage, a failed relationship, and a reunion with her birthmom which includes lies and rocky encounters. Helen’s pain overwhelmed her faith . . . and now, when she really really wants something–more than any of the other things which she had trusted Him for–she is afraid to pray/talk to Him about it. She doesn’t trust that He will “handle” her most precious wish the way she wants Him too.
