Why have you chosen this text to design for this medium?
Initially it bothered me that someone was able to absolve themselves of responsibility of their own actions such as rape or murder. However while I don’t agree with this I can’t help but wonder what It would feel like to allow a dice to make a choice you don’t want to make for you. I am finding myself becoming increasingly tempted to for a week in my personal life not work as I don’t wish to lose my job, try out the throw of a dice in my decision making process.
You see, it all begins with leadership.
So I'll keep blogging. Sharing recipes & meal plans. Introducing you to other amazing mama's through A Day in the Life. Providing Olivia updates. And hopefully getting back into the weight loss groove that I've slipped out of.
This post has been written by Gus Mastrapa on July 14, 2010 4:00 pm couresy of blog.wired.com/games.
Last nights elections results showed a swing to labour from Tories and the lib dems. Labour has taken control of lots of new councils. But to me this is more of a vote against the Tories and the government than a vote for labours slow cuts policy to be honest.
Sep-15 Chicago, IL United Center On Sale Sat. Apr. 28
Do I need to scan my internet bill as a PDF and email to anyone for reimbursement? No.
"Forevermore," (who else would dare call a song that?) starts with manic riffs, both heavy and melodic....
So here is the quickest Masson family update I can think of:
Hollow and with a void, you
Despite being an undisputed classic, this is somewhat of a revelation to me. I love the combination between red and olive green in my kitchen, I just hadn't considered using red to anchor the colour schemes in the kitchen and dining room which carries a dark grey on it's walls with touches of yellow and green.
There will be FREE ICE CREAM in the intermission and the the whirl of the projector in the background.
I've gone on a couple of dates with different guys, and they've all been quite pleasant. One date, however, definitely threw me for a loop.
To my surprise 'Cúirt An Mheán Oíche' turned out to be the Gaelic title of a long poem called in English 'The Midnight Court' and this is a translation of the lines on the stone.
CO 63 stitches
"Because you're a good person. Because you know that life is precious."
James Twyman (Producer / Director) is a singer/songwriter and the author of “Emissary of Love-The Psychic Children Speak” and “Messages from Thomas: Raising Psychic Children.” James wrote and was the Executive Producer for the movie INDIGO which premiered in January 2005.
Something like that.
On the Friday Corey will post a title or theme of which the contestants must base their poem on. Contestants must then post their poems or the link to their poems in the comment section below the post. On the following Friday Corey will choose his favourite three and then ask his WordPress followers to pick their favourite poem.
Why? Because I LOVE to tell stories. It's who I am. If my book sells well, great. If only ten people read it--and some of those people LOVE it--BETTER.
It says something that my favourite song on Thinking Plague‘s In Extremis keeps changing. It’s currently this, which is half a dozen truly wonderful tracks squished together in one. The bit from 5:45 to around 6:15 keeps going around in my head, compelling me to play the song over and over again.
This is how good the cheese is - Ande doesn't even LIKE cheese, and he not only liked the recipe, he asked me to make it again the next week. The best thing about the recipe is that it is the easiest thing EVER to make.
My thoughts are with all of my Blogging Friends that are in the path of Irene...take care and Be Safe!
By the time it was over, I was completely exhausted; I was happy to have met and worked with the medical volunteers yet ready to return to my teaching schedule at Fe y Alegria, one of the high schools in Andahuaylillas.
These are the treasures I carry with me.
Simon Douglas, director of AA Insurance, warned that increasing premiums for women was likely to continue, following the implementation of the European Court of Justice ban on gender discrimination in pricing.
We had a wonderful visit this weekend from one of the kiddos' 3 grandmothers from my side of the family -- long story short, this was my first stepmother. She is a wonderful grandmother, always engaged with the children, even playing basketball and soccer with them, treating us to dinner, and, most wonderfully, offering to babysit while Pod and I went to a movie. So we saw "Pan's Labyrinth." Which was astonishingly good, but dear readers? If you are one of those people (like me) who has to shut her eyes at gory parts, your eyes are going to be shut A LOT. I missed about a quarter of the movie. At one point something so nasty happened that I shut my eyes AND covered my ears. And I am thankful that I knew about the monster with the eyeballs in his hands because if I had seen that without expecting it? I might have peed myself.
That's right, 4 deaths in my family in the last 6 months.
beat juice
New iPad Review, Price And Availability
Does it describe a conversation? High Tea? A waltz? A chase scene?
Sit one of the pink cakes on a serving plate or cakestand and spread with the ginger jam. I found the best way to do this was to warm the jam slightly in a small saucepan to make it spread more easily. Put the uncoloured cake on top and spread the other half of jam on that. Top with the other pink cake.
Second, there are a lot of “celebrity” wines out there. Here in Chicago, even “Da Coach” Mike Ditka has a wine label. It generally is not a good indicator that the wine will be very good. I wasn’t sure when I bought the wine whether or not it was affiliated with the mega-celebrity, so I bought it already a little dubious of its quality.
Rockefeller family (Jesuit cohorts) and is a past Chairman, Deputy
Right at the end of last year, I discovered that I have a medical condition that affects my spine, called scoliosis. Put very simply, it means my spine is twisted, for no other reason than ‘it happens’ during growth spurts, when one side of the spine grows faster than the other. Instead of looking like an exclamation mark, my vertebrae now form a lopsided question mark. Having been diagnosed, I spent the first half of the year getting to grips with accepting that these unexpected, rather different curves and shifted-sideways shapes of my body were the new me that I’d be inhabiting for the rest of my life. I was pretty much told by that first consultant that I’d just have to get used to it. Mostly, I didn’t really notice, and given that I’ve never been one for clingy, scanty or revealing clothes, neither did anyone else. I was also able to control my increasing back pain using the Alexander Technique and Cranial Osteopathy and to conceal the more obvious mis-shapes with careful clothing, wide belts, my long hair and good camera angles. But, like Jack’s beanstalk, I continued to grow… and, though I was ignoring the signs, by the end of the summer, we began to suspect that the curvature had worsened significantly. It had - and when a spine twists further, it forces ribs and shoulder blades into ever more buckled distortion and begins to squeeze rather important bits of insides.
stew bums...all of them
She wrote: Here , too, it is quite possible, as petitioners have done, to dispute ESDC’s assumption of a 10 year buildout for the Project to disapprove its failure to address more directly the impact of the MTA agreement on the completion of the Project, and to disagree strongly with ESDC’s decision, as a quasi-public agency, to permit construction to proceed on the arena without greater certainty that the surrounding Brooklyn neighborhoods will not be subjected to the deleterious, if not blighting, effects of significantly prolonged construction. As of the date petitioners field this current environmental challenge, however, the Project was already well underway: The Appellate Division of this Department had affirmed ESDC’s 2006 approval of the Project plan, and the Court of Appeals has recently declined to review the case. During this litigation, ESDC has expended or approve disbursements of $75 million of the $100 million State-appropriated monies for this Project, and has received $85 million of $100 million that the City has committed to the project. FCRC has expended over $350 million in acquiring properties for the Project and in demolishing over 30 vacant buildings on the site. FCRC has also already performed extensive work on the infrastructure of the Project (e.g., relocation of sewers and utilities) and on construction of temporary rail yard. At this late juncture, petitioners’ redress is a matter for the political will, and not for this court which is constrained, under the limited standard for SEQRA review, to reject petitioners’ challenge.That’s an interesting argument, because it could just as easily have been said that large sums of money had been spent and disbursed when Forest City Ratner went back to the ESDC and the MTA to revise the agreements.
Swayze's office was on my route, which was the fifth floor. And on my final run of the day I had strict instructions not to enter his office, but to slide the mail under the door. He was busy memorizing his script.
Change the view to fit you,
I end today wishing a very Happy Mother's day to all the women out their who are currently raising their children; the women that are currently pregnant with their children; and especially to those out their that are still striving and searching for their own path to motherhood.
91. Shoot a round of pool
Working in FLO for the next round
For Bigger Thomas, the only possible response is to keep on making music, even if they have to "kiss their dreams goodbye": "The good old days we try to chase/they disappear without a trace/I hear the sound that we all make/its joyful noise cures my heartache."
Sorry about the cape only being in one shot, I had some exposure issues. You get the picture though right, haha, get it? Yes, I am a nerd. Anyways I hope this gives you some kind of NYE inspiration! I plan to wear this while sipping on sparkling apple cider and watching the ball drop on TV with my boyfriend and both our families. Isn't it amazing how holidays pull everyone together? Speaking of the holidays, did everyone have a good Christmas? I got a pair of Dr. Martens and loads of Modcloth clothing! Best Christmas ever. :)
then the document was made available to the public in the sense of Article 54(2) EPC 1973.”
It was a shock to her and to the judges. Jessica Sanchez, the powerhouse singer in the petite 16-year-old body was in the bottom three this week on American Idol. She is a favorite of the judges and clearly has a music career ahead of her. Even more shocking was the announcement that she was the one leaving the show this week. A collective gasp was heard across the audience as Ryan Seacrest said those words.
Not really. That was how it was supposed to go down, but instead, #7 Tommy Wilbanks hits a real fence buster straight to right field. Jimmy Smith sees it coming, runs back—almost trips over his untied shoe laces—and snow cones it. The runner on third tags up and runs for home. Jimmy guns it to me at short. I throw it Billy Dugan, our catcher, who makes the tag just as the runner slides into home. He’s out, right? Right. Only we have the clumsiest umpire in the league. Mr.Willis trips over Billy’s catcher’s mask, misses the whole play, and calls the Comets’ runner safe. That call ends the ballgame. And the season. And our chance at regionals.
Florian refused. This did not sit well with Aquilinus, and so he commanded the troops to turn on Florian. Florian took the abuse as the Roman soldiers punched, kicked and beat him soundly with staves. Seeing that this wasn't doing enough, they tortured him with fire. And then, to be really efficient, they tied a big ass stone around his neck and tossed him in the Enns river, where he drowned.
I will consider this DAY ONE of our collective future. Omar drafted most of these players we see and will be speaking about within the near future. At this point he deserves to see them through during their opportunities on the big club. Jeff apparently spearheaded that meeting back in June in Atlanta to discuss laying the groundwork for a Mets rehabilitation in personnel, attitude, organizational direction and the overall malaise affecting the denizens of Citi Field.
Ingredients …….. 2 cups (approx 230g) plain/all purpose flour …….. 130g butter, softened/room temperature …….. ⅔ cup (approx 130g) caster sugar …….. I medium egg, lightly beaten …….. 1 tsp vanilla extract
And, now that the building is empty, for it
The worst part is it should have been about issues.
Favorite Seattle City Park?: Lincoln Park
After Kansas found that nearly two-thirds of its prison admissions were probation and parole violators, the legislature set up an incentive program for community corrections programs. Counties that cut their revocation rates by 20 percent will get a share of new state funding -- money made available because of averted prison construction -- to help them hold violators accountable without using up prison cells.
Are you someone who loves having versatile dressings like me but always getting the same problem when it comes to choosing a bag that suits the outfit you have on today?
So I’m sitting here at BeerRant HQ, checking activity on my new Facebook page (which I’ve only had a week or so) and I see a note from one of my nephew’s who says something about Old World Brewery closing down and moving. WTF?
Unfortunately at this point Fishy arrives saying "Your interviewee has arrived." And I have a nasty feeling he heard me.
The Pinters were regular guests at dinner parties in the Billingtons’ home. I would be sent off to Lidgates, which is the best butcher’s in London, to buy lamb chops for dinner. I loved cooking for the guests on these occasions and Lady Rachel would leave me a bottle of wine in the kitchen to help me along with my creations of british fare. Whenever the Pinters came to dinner, John Cleese and Connie Booth, who were also neighbors were also invited. An extra six lamb chops were added because John Cleese loved his meat!
Anna Quintana has reconnected with her former best friend, Julia. Although Anna and Julia grew up together it was a well known fact that the two came from different worlds. Anna's mother was Julia's family's housekeeper. Now Anna is looking for her mother's recipe book that disappeared when her mother tragically died. Julia has offered to help Anna realize her dream and financially back her cupcake shop she would like to open. Anna struggles with whether she wants Julia in her life again, especially after everything that happened between them, but the two decide to give their business a go, and eventually must confront what destroyed their friendship years ago. Julia has some of her own baggage - a secret she is hiding from everyone and worry about her father who appears to be more than just forgetful. Romance and suspense all occurring with the tasty backdrop of their restaurant, Treat, all add to this story.
Do you ever think something, but refrain from saying it out loud because other people will look at you and say (either internally or out loud) "WTF?" So, you blog it instead?
Roman Shusterman is a unique activist, Presidential candidate and creator of... The Fart Smeller Movement ...He actually convinces women to let him smell their butt...I kid you not, and as you can see, it puts a big smile on Roman's face..I see him all over the city to as I drive around and if you want to learn all about him, click the link and his blog has vids and pics to explain it all....
It’s sophomoric, it’s juvenile, it’s ahistoric, and it fails to take account of the fallen nature of man. To say that the Church is condemned for her many “corruptions” is to say something so brain dead that it simply staggers the mind.
Send ‘em a letter:
Another fine US beer bought over by my friend from New York, the brewery is near to him in NY State and comes highly rated.
Howl’s Moving Castle – Sophie – Greek, “wisdom” – More desirable than rubies.
In the green studies reader, the Ecocritical theorist, Lawrence Buell defines Ecocriticism through what he calls the, “environmental imagination” (Buell, L 2000, p1). According to Buell, It is the ‘environmental imagination’ that attempts to understand potential environmental crisis. It is also the ‘environmental imagination’ that seeks strategies within culture to stop environmental destruction taking place. Buell writes, “Environmental crisis is not merely one of economic resources, public health and political gridlock” (Buell, L 2000, p1). He is suggesting that approaches to environmental crisis are not limited to the most obvious arenas, that there are other ways that this perceived crisis is being approached. The ‘environmental imagination’ is one such way. He goes on to write, “The success of environmentalist efforts finally hinges not on some highly developed technology or arcane new science, but on a state of mind: on attitudes, feelings, images, narratives” (Buell, L 2000, p1). The ‘environmental imagination’ does this by inspiring change in the way people understand nature. It works to create culture that values the environment with care and responsible connection. Buell suggests a number of approaches that Ecocriticism uses to achieve these aims under the umbrella term of the ‘environmental imagination’. These include art forms which: Seek reconnection with place, a re-visioning of the future to be a place of cultural sensitivity and ecological care, and connection with the experience of other people and non-human nature.
1. Companies cannot simply stop hiring for a position below the minimun wage. You mean you don’t need cleaners, production operators etc, simply because their pay goes up by $100? You mean you can relocate jobs like cleaning toilets and clearing dishes in a food court to China? I hope to see that happen!
For those who’ve been on FB since before fan pages, most blog readers are friends rather than liking the fan page. For someone in the audience, when she made the suggestion to like the page, they freaked out because feel like losing a friend. It's ok to ask and tell them that you're making FB a personal page just for family. You will lose people because they'll be hurt, but if you want to move them and keep your FB personal page personal, that's ok.
for yourself and your children?
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Tower ESB
¼ cup sumac
~You're in my thoughts
Thank you once again to everyone who entered. Pop back in an hour for this weeks new challenge.
This is what Jennifer Lawrence has said about her body: “I’d rather look a little chubby on camera and look like a person in real life, than to look great onscreen and look like a scarecrow in real life.
Back to the Martin/Zimmerman case--for me, the most outrageous thing is that the New Black Panther Party has offered a reward for Zimmerman. As Zimmerman has not been indicted and is not wanted by authorities, clearly offering to pay money for the kidnapping (or worse) of a citizen is a crime. But nothing from Eric "My People" Holder or the rest of the administration.
One Heart
‘No government borrowings are for spending,’ added the MOF spokesman. All proceeds from issuing government securities are invested. The investment returns are more than sufficient to cover the debt servicing costs, it said.
We are at the point now where a New Adventure is calling and we have begun that transition.
WHAT INNUENDO? Were the Opposition screening a video of a coffee boy (or girl) swearing on the Quran that Najib raped his (or her) pert lil’ ass? NO! The only party involved in propagating a similarly vile and now discredited innuendo were the slimeballs in BN!
But rather than building on this, Glee reverted back to the trite nonsense it has unfortunately become synonymous for.
Down the Shadowvein is an OSRIC(tm) module designed for 6-10 adventures of levels 3-5.
They also make maple cream cookies...something I would also not normally be interested in. However, I am now intrigued.
That made Joel cry, and Manny punched him hard on the back of the head.
This recipe is popular among the community in Jawa Island, Indonesia. Fried flour is the base ingredient in this recipe. The aromatic fried shallots gave the dish a very nice flavour. For some crunchiness, vegetables like cabbage, spring onions and carrots. The Chap Chai is a quite a unique dish. Check out his recipe!
So now I walk like I have a rake shoved up my XXX. While looking at my right foot last night, OK picking at it like I should not be doing it started to bleed. Well I caught hell from the wife and a couple of the kids. So I will be off my feet today. On the good news front I did talk to my lawyer last week, and it looks like I should get a hearing date by end of summer.
2 c sugar
Seriously. He has way more charm and appeal conveyed in one single song than any werewolf or vampire I've ever seen.
“If you don’t want me to I won’t.” he said timidly.
Cabernet Mushroom Sirloin (Weight Watchers PointsPlus value: 12): Applebee’s 7 oz. grilled House Sirloin with sautéed Portobello mushrooms & onions in a Napa Valley Cabernet sauce with steamed herbed potatoes and garlic broccoli
Is there a battle between order and chaos, and is order currently dominating? Could chaos soon rise again?
More excuses: “There’s just one more adjustment I need to make. I don’t think my opening and closing images work. The All Is Lost moment needs to be stronger. I think it will be better if her best friend is French.”
With that said, I am going to be spending less and less time at the computer. Life is busy and I need to be in the moment more. Of course, I want to continue to record our family memories here, but the posts may be more sporadic! I think Monday, Wednesday and Friday might work well.
Town planning pushing big sewering has been based on a false premise of population growth. Despite the optimistic forecasts, Orleans has become merely a "crossroads" on the lower cape--not a destination or home town for young families. It's now more a retirement community than a vibrant town instilling hope for the future.
I took a look at the Conservative Party's 2010 election manifesto and other than a pledge to ensure a custodial sentence for knife crime, there is no mention about cleaning up street crime or dealing with gangs.
The threat that was made about the father of the child, Jason. If Jason Kidd went after the perpetrator legally for a protection order against their family (particularly the Kidd’s child he was abusing), Jason Kidd’s wife would be visiting him in a nursing home with a feeding tube in his mouth, the perpetrator says.
rainy spring, unlike the last two springs I have experienced in England.
Britain calls itself a free country, however, it is many years since it was any such thing.
Optional: add an herb or choice or chopped, fresh spinach
Icefall by Matthew J. Kirby (Scholastic Press)
The love, or lack of love makes up the people we are. We rise above and strive to be better or we bathe in the affections of those around us. There is nothing greater than unconditional love.
San Francisco was the first American city my father landed in from China in the late 1970s. After swimming from mainland China to Hong Kong, he earned enough money to make it to the United States; he came here on a mission to provide a better life for his growing family. San Francisco was just one piece of the journey, but it was the first place where he was able to experience American life, albeit in Chinatown.
(2) “All My Rowdy Friends Have Settled Down”- Alright, it’s not quite “all my rowdy friends are coming over tonight,” but this song still conveys are message which touches the lives of many. That message? Just about every group of friends has that one friend that never settles down and marries, as he ages. Since he never matures, he’s doomed to wander from bar to bar wondering why all his rowdy friends have settled down. Instrumentally, this song is fundamentally country, with its classic shuffle beat, fiddles, and pedal steel guitar licks.
Lift up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.
Next, I want to thank my colleagues -- the people I have worked with all these years, whose coattails I have shamelessly ridden.
I will by no means be leaving altogether. I love crafting and I love my blogging friends, but I will say that there may be longer stretches between posts. Maybe along the way though, I may let you in on a little bit of what life is offering me too, so my posts may not all be craft related. Please do stay with me, and we can venture into not necessarily a new journey for me, but rather combining what has always been there...my love for my family and my home....and my love for crafting.
Outside the North Rim Lodge where the telephones connect,
I should be more careful when my sons ask for the meaning of certain words, rather than be proud that they are expanding their vocabulary. Yesterday, my eight year old asked me, “What does constipation mean?”
SCENARIO B. A giant pack of bicyclists (including a lot of little kids on little bicycles) waits at an intersection for the light to change. The light changes and the ones who aren't deep in conversation or using their cell phones or getting a blowjob take off slowly, trying not to get tangled. Kids drop their bikes, freeze like deer in the headlights, or take off in random directions at random speeds. The rest of the pack straggles off slowly, some riders jumping off halfway to push their bikes, some running into the others, some swerving out into oncoming traffic as they try and go around the cluster-fuck. The whole mess continues to meander across even after the light has changed. Now traffic is backed up. Cars are gunning their engines and honking. Meanwhile more bicyclists hurry to tag themselves on to the last stragglers in the pack, which is now mainly comprised of little kids and assholes. At least one of them (generally an 'adult') flips me off.*
There has been an outcry of disgust and dismay across the state regarding the provisions of the deal. Twitter feeds have been lit up, blogs are being written, teachers are considering their next move, administrators are wondering how to implement, school boards are wondering how to pay for this, consultants are jumping for joy as they await a windfall, students are wondering why another test, parents are confused, local papers are opining as fast as they could, researchers are combing for any supporting research, politicians are plotting their next strategic step, and the madness escalates
As it should be in life.
- Morrie Schwarz
I’m not usually one to say things like “there are two kinds of people in the world”, but when it comes to people of faith, it seems to be true: some people see the world as something to be defended against, and some see it as something to be embraced. Although I fall immovably into the latter group, I try as hard as I can to be charitable with those who disagree with me, because I really think this attitude has everything to do with personality and very little to do with conscious choice.
But then having to actually put down, in writing, and say to 20 other people that their kids are NOT getting iPads, when we spent the tail end of the summer telling 20 kids they WERE getting iPads? My hands, literally, were shaking and I felt like I was gonna puke.
“What in the world are you doing out there?” Mrs. Z asked, eyeing our flushed faces.
Angela Lindvall grew up in a small rural community outside of Kansas City, Missouri, and fell into modeling by accident when her older sister convinced Angela to sign up for a local fashion show with her for fun. Angela has since appeared on the cover of many major publications, including all the international editions of Vogue, Elle, Harper’s Bazaar, ID, Dazed and Confused and many more.
The Muslim community shelters extremists and illegal immigrants as they did the murderers of Kriss Donald and the media aid and abet them by covering up the facts of such cases.
The SA: A friend.
But on Sunday, the sisters received a call informing them that the men had already been released on bail.
“Most people who make the effort to come to Mafia are of a particular mindset,” said Michelle Vickers, who was raised in Tanzania and lived in Britain before returning four years ago with her husband, John, to open Ras Mbisi Lodge, an eco-conscious resort on the west side of the island. “They aren’t looking for incredibly high-end luxury. They just want a place to chill out, relax, and not feel that because they’ve chosen to stay somewhere sustainable that it has to be hard work.”
The change does make for a much different Picard than in the television series. I can appreciate some fans do not like it. In the series, Picard was unwilling to use Hugh as a genocidal weapon against the Borg even after they had done so many terrible things to him. But in First Contact--heck, in the rest of the movie series--Picard is far more cruel and reckless. He is almost psychopathic here. In the next film, he will go rogue in contradiction to the moral stance he took in “Journey’s end.” In Nemesis, he will return to being psychopathic and far out of character. But those are discussions for later.
Port’s influence can even be seen indirectly with players like Baltimore Orioles All-Star catcher Matt Wieters, whose father Richard was an outstanding pitcher-outfielder for Port in the 1970s.
Some background: in For Want of a Nail, Sobel mentions a British colony called Victoria, but he doesn't say where it is. Jonathan decided that Victoria should be our own worlds's Kenya, even though Sobel refers to Kenya as Kenya on page 189. At any rate, Jonathan's Victoria has much in common with our world's Rhodesia, and "Victoria's Secret Part 1" finds a black Victorian lawyer named Victoria Madoka in court, being charged with sedition in February 1973.
Johnnie and his gang have been setting fires for the hell of it and to assuage a deep-rooted sense of powerlessness and inadequacy in a world from which they feel disenfranchised and to exact a measure of vengeance on those who ignore them, using a Chinese laundry van to make their getaway. When Johnnie is seen by Truman being humiliated after being refused entry at a fancy hotel, he realises where the next fire is likely to be. They lie in wait but Johnnie gets away after setting the fire – but when he takes the van he knocks down and kills his stooge at the laundry. Johnnie is handed a machine gun by one of his gang and goes on the run – ending up at his old school. Waking up when his brother and sister turn up for morning class, he shoots at the teacher and takes the kids hostage. This last part of the film is quite substantial, lasting about half an hour (the film in total runs a little over 100 minutes). It’s a nasty idea, taking a classroom of pre-teens hostage and the film goes right ahead and does something truly transgressive when Johnnie panics and shoots one of the children - we are told later that the child will survive, though its unclear how exactly. What’s interesting, regardless of the detail, is the way that once again a tribal sense re-asserts itself. The headmaster is against any police intervention even though Johnnie has already fired several shots and is now parading the hostage children to their parents. His allegiance is completely to the increasingly desperate Johnnie, who he sees as one of his own ‘flock’. The religious agenda of the film does keep coming back in – even at the end, when Cathie asks Truman what his father did, he answers that he was a shepherd.
Its very similar to the McGill curl up and for those for aren’t familiar with Stu Mcgill, he is one of the premier back specialists in the world.
It was in the sixth grade that Gary played the Big Bad Wolf in our production of Little Red Riding Hood. His mother made a very realistic looking wolf's head out of paper mache. I am trying to remember who Red Riding Hood was. I think it was Kathy who wore a pretty little red cape that I am sure her mother made. Some boy improvised on the "shave and a haircut" part of a song and slapped his leg while outstretching his arms as if he was in a minstrel show. I cannot remember who it was but everyone laughed and applauded. I was a crab apple tree. Plain brown paper bag with crayoned red apples attached to a broomstick. No one saw me crouched behind the screen. I did have a speaking part though. Miss Kraus scolded me and told me I better not mispronounce forbade at the play like I was at rehearsal.
With Sofortbild I can also set it to auto import into iPhoto where I catalogue all my RAW files. All shots are stored on your laptop not on the memory cards which for me is a win situation. At the end of the day all the shots will end up on the MacBook for processing anyway so it cuts out a step of my workflow process.
You must also be living in any of the 50 United States of America or Canada -- our first giveaway that has this reach so I'm hoping to see a lot of correct answers from our Canadian, Alaskan, and Hawaiian readers.
Sure the cliché says that we should love our significant other on the other 364 days of the year as well as Valentine’s Day. Of course. But the reality is we have lives, jobs and responsibilities. We can’t spend every day up under each other and gazing in each other’s eyes. We can’t go out to eat every night. We can’t splurge on our relationship every night. So why not have a designated point in time where no matter what, we are going to celebrate our love? I don’t see the harm in that.
All of you know by now that I love to take photos of sunsets and clouds so that is what I did.
I have been reading your blog for fashion inspiration, and I am wondering if you could help me. You know that London Times dress that you have in turquoise and black? I have it in brown (a friend gave it to me when she was cleaning out her closet), and I can't figure out what to wear with it. I don't have a very defined waist, so I am a bit afraid of the belt (and I don't really own any nice belts), but I want to make this dress work because I love the brown color. Do you think a brown belt would be best? Or a contrasting color? Or could I find another way to make the dress look less shapeless? (I am short, so the dress goes to right below my knee.)
This is a picture of some mum’s a good flower for this late in the year, and the temps that come at this time of year.
3) Always foam roll before stretching/dynamic warmup
Contrary to Centocor’s assertions, very little in the ’775 patent supports that Centocor possessed a high affinity, neutralizing, A2 specific antibody that also contained a human variable region. The overwhelming majority of the ’775 patent describes the A2 mouse antibody and the single chimeric antibody that Centocor made based on A2’s mouse variable region . . . However, the mouse variable region sequence does not serve as a stepping stone to identifying a human variable region within the scope of the claims. The undisputed trial testimony indicated that the sequence of Centocor’s mouse variable region was “very different” from the sequence of a human variable region like the one in Abbott’s fully-human antibody.
News Americas, Weds. April 4, 2012: Making her second major appearance in New York City since being crowned, Miss Guyana World 2012 Arti Cameron hit the red carpet at the Launch Party of Bikini Under the Bridge 2012 on Saturday, March 31st.
This is probably the easiest way to save even more money with cloth diapers. You could easily purchase 24 prefolds and 6-8 diaper covers for under $200. For example:
But now if we compare the two, Harry Potter and Twilight, then Harry Potter would win out. Through the novels I love how there is the amount of details and in the movies it is there but a little is cut out. You can’t have everything but through the movies there is enough to satisfy the reader. Harry Potter shows more amazing work in their movies and by far the acting skills is unbelievable. I loved to see how they started out to how they are now. Still just as good and getting better, never bad acting. Twilight made me cringe a little. Still love the story line and the actors but they need to shape it up. Of course that could be due to directing or the situation but still it seems at times a little too forced or fake.
Even though I politely, accepted his recount of the events; I still drove away thinking, “That couldn’t have been me. I am sure he must have been talking with that other Christina. That just doesn’t sound like me. It doesn’t sound like words I would say. It definitely could not have been how I was feeling, because I don’t ever remember feeling that certain about anything.”
September 11 turned over a rock to expose the horror of jihad against Americans—the “infidel crusaders.” But the recent uprisings across the Middle East have exposed the everyday occurrences of jihad.
wednesday was sierra star's 12th birthday!! let's just say we spent the day on a total sugar high!!! she had a cotton candy machine and a slushy machine going!! by the time we sang happy birthday and cut the cake, we had several kids simply not interested in cake and ice cream! they were actually standing next to the stove watching the timer for the rice and bean bake ren had put in for supper...while their cake sat uneaten. it was hilarious!! ren said..."hey you kids, no food until you eat your cake!!" they just looked at her with sugar-glazed eyes and asked "when will the food be done!?" but don't they know that if you let kids make their own choices they'll always choose sugar and junk food...didn't these kids get the memo on that one!!!?? it was a long, long day that also included sparklers!! so what more can you ask for?? oh i'm sure i've forgotten something...so just enjoy the slideshow!
According to Wikipedia: “Abraham Harold Maslow (April 1, 1908 – June 8, 1970) was an American psychologist. He is noted for his conceptualization of a “hierarchy of human needs”, and is considered the founder of humanistic psychology.
It is amazing how dirty everything is. What the heck? I’m not a neat freak, but I didn’t think things were THAT bad. Oh, Lord. I hope nobody I know wants to buy a house and looks at it.
The room was awkwardly silent, as everyone stared at me. Its like they were waiting for some sort of response.
losing these friends, like
2) What is your favorite trend in decorating?
tune every radio to the same fascist station.
I went to a fun Diamondbacks' game with Dala, Greg, and Hillary. I finally pulled through on a date auction that happened back in March.
Although I know that economically things have to change, it didn’t seem just. I missed the restful feeling of the grounds. The old buildings are still there. The historic inn with its massive dining room and welcoming lobby still offer the nostalgic feel of an era gone by; and the yellow house at the edge of the woods still stands two stories tall; and the older buildings named Reeser and Cedars and Tamarack still dot the landscape; but I couldn’t help but feel that somehow it’s different now.
05-Nero & The Gladiators - Czardas
1 developments
A perfect example of the importance of character can be demonstrated in this sketch by Rowan Atkinson in which he stands and basically reads a list. The list itself is rather silly but that’s not why it works:
So today a few thoughts and resources to help understand the How.
I almost ran out of time to post these cards for the ColorQ challenge last week. I just had to make some cards with these beautiful, soft, Spring colors. Want to see?
2. In a separate pan, make the seasoned white sauce. Melt two tablespoons of butter. Stir in two tablespoons of flour, one teaspoon of salt, and 1/2 teaspoon each of black pepper, ground thyme, and ground cumin. Add one cup of milk all at once and whisk the mixture. Cook over medium heat just until thickened, then reduce heat to low for another two minutes, then turn off the heat and cover it or the bottom will scorch.
After my experience, meditation brought amazing awareness and clarity in my mind, gave me inner peace and created a balance of tranquility. It makes sense to learn from someone who has reached this state before. I believe that if I continue with meditation and its tools otherwise known as dharma, the benefits will bring phenomenal results, even enlightenment. Just like Buddha Shakyamuni did.
I thought about that during a recent blind tasting at Twain’s in Decatur, where I was joined by six Atlanta beer aficionados in judging a Sweet 16 of American IPAs for the AJC’s 2009 Beer Tournament.
Some of you might remember that I was rather unsuccessful in securing a place for graduate school last year. Moving out of the Tri-State area is pretty much out of the question for me (personal reasons). This leaves me with only a handful of viable schools to apply to. The ambitious student that I am, I aimed high and applied to only well known universities. I had my eyes set for either UPenn, Stony Brook or Rutgers but unfortunately none of these universities were interested in me. It didn't help that I only applied for PhD programs (in hindsight, I really should have looked into a few Masters program). I realized now that you have higher chances of being accepted to a Masters program compared to most PhD program. Unless, of course, you have a 3.99 GPA or a perfect 4.0 GPA. That, I do not have unfortunately.
Diviners and alchemists; bear no witness to your own acts for they are weak and false. Behold the programmer! His logic is truth and his appearance is priest like. For his hands are clean and his robes are brilliant. The three kings of object oriented are.
The Victorian Head Post Office (built 1875) is no longer used as such. It stands on a huge site, some of which is now used as a car park. At the far end is another smaller building bearing on its guttering the date 1907. Developers are no doubt itching to get their hands on the site but the above building is protected by a Grade II listing. The Edwardian building, however, may not survive as the listing describes it as being “of little interest”.
However, he was forced to work as a labourer at Prague’s Holesovice railway station and he drifted into obscurity and poverty. After the Velvet Revolution of 1989 overthrew Czechoslovakia’s communist rulers his standing in Czech football was restored once more and later received the Freedom of Prague in 2001. He died in the December of that year at the age of 88 knowing that his talent and standing in the game had finally been recognised.
Ride hard, have fun, be cool, be safe!
The "depend on yourself and get on with it" attitude is one which appeals to me. It's what our immigrant parents did after all. And so whilst I agree with some of the sentiments in the Prospect feature - much progress has unquestionably been made - I do question whether we might be in danger of throwing our the baby with bathwater. Another problem for me is taking a position on multiculturalism. It's something which I've always thought I was in strong favour of. Yet those who want to call the 'end of multiculturalism' seem to be working to a different definition of it, and come from a variety of perspectives, some pretty unsavoury. This captures a problem - what exactly do we mean by multiculturalism? A BBC piece here captures some of the varying definitions.
LONDON, UK–You’ve probably read all the rumors about the next Samsung Galaxy smartphone. And guess what — most of them are pretty spot on. Samsung’s upcoming flagship handset, now with an official name, the Samsung Galaxy S III, has finally made its debut here in the chilly English capital.
I think doing Kidz City work I've gotten comfortable with the role of someone who has to push to be heard, who has to shout to be considered. I went into organizing with Baltimore IWW folks defensively, ready to be disapointed. Well I was not disappointed, I had such a great time, and developed a deeper repsect for all the people in the IWW branch and for the IWW in general.
3. Drizzle the veggies with 2 tablespoons each of olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Toss well to combine. Sprinkle with sea salt and pepper, to taste.
Dull motions
This Sale-a-bration set didn't get used anywhere near enough so it's not going to get put too far back yet. I colored it with markers and used my favorite Square Lattice Embossing Folder and a craft frame to emboss a frame around it.
For a while.
- fired at the Ellwood oil fields off the coast of Goleta, California
Smith’s daughter, Carmen Blackburn, also spoke at the hearing. She said she didn’t know the man her father was in 1982, but she knows who he has become.
to feel it on your teeth or tongue
It is our light, not our darkness, that frightens us.
Consider our Employee Problem Resolution System to help you productively address any employee behavioral issue:
When we got back to Craster, one of the fishing boats was being launched from the beach. It was being dragged down the beach by a metal cable that ran from a wheel house across the road from the harbour through some pulley's attached to the rocks and then fastened to the boats stern. Meanwhile the fishermen where putting
It's really quite nice to work with. It is wool, not very fine, but acceptable. I put in quite a lot of twist, and did a 2-ply with it. I like them that way! It would work quite well for a pair of socks, I think, since it is fine enough, and it is strong enough. I'm not sure what I will do with it.
determined to do
Sometimes it can be a lonely and scary business. How do you organise holiday or sickness cover? Who do you chat to about tricky or unusual cases? Do you struggle to find the information you need about IPReg, indemnity insurance, tax, employment law and other business practice issues? And-an unpleasant but important question-do you have a business continuity planning in case of sudden incapacity?
And now there’s a new threat in my world. It’s a sweet little shop in the middle of nowhere—i.e. right around the corner from my office. It’s called je & jo.
For the younger members, there is a ‘sit in a carriage’ trip that takes you on a journey through motoring history. It’s short, but fun.
My first official order from Lovely E-Gallery (that I can find records of via Facebook) was in April 2011. They accept payment via bank transfer and orders take around 2-3 weeks to process before they are shipped out to your shipping address. The reason for this is because they are (for lack of a better term) the middle man. They take preorder orders from their customers and source their listed items from different suppliers. Quite a lot of facebook stores are run this way because it prevents overstocking of particular items which may not prove to be sell-out hits. If you're not a patient shopper, I really wouldn't recommend ordering from facebook stores which run predominantly on the basis of preorder items. Look out for stores with READY STOCK, however, as they do have the items in stock and can ship them out to you straight away.
and sweet honey
Asparagus with garlic sauce…
As we quietly edged our way to two vacant seats right next to my good friends Marie-Jose and Florent Vogel, my son, with his wife and daughter Liliya, sat three rows in front. Liliya was displaying signs of discontent and the usher who I didn't recognise, kindly came forward and offered her a 'quiet book' to play with. It was a thoughtful gesture and I immediately warmed to him.
And now Oliver had, and it was Joseph’s fault that she had taken the pages from Oliver’s hands and in front of his face she had burned them, all of them—except one, which she would keep and change to prove the book a fake if Joseph ever produced it again.
Such a roller coaster ride it has been since then. I knew I had it bad when I had let her carelessly fast slap my six stringed Jens Ritter bass guitar like a little child. It was like my brain didn’t register what my eyes were seeing and instead of twitching like I would normally do, I just smiled thinking how cute she was.
However surprised and thrilled I was when our sweet little 3 year old neighbor said “LITTER!” and ran to pick it up. We had fun with it and tried to pick up all the litter on our way there and back. THEN she put it all into the recycling bin.
The Benjamin Weinman (The Dillinger Escape Plan) remix of ‘Wrath Upon Ourselves’ is intriguing if slightly too messy to fully get attached to but the last couple of ‘Confined’ (remixed by Kelly “Carnage” Cairn) and ‘Elegy’ (Big Chocolate Remix) are just window dressing and easily passed over.
Guthrie: thanks for coming you unpopular idiot
This is a custom bracelet order from my friend, Gloria, who the design is named after! This is my famous "Gloria" bracelet - a charm style bracelet, on sterling silver chain that can be made in any color combination. I love to use a variety of different kinds of beads for texture and dimension: freshwater pearls, czech crystals, swarovski crystals, czech pressed glass beads, pewter beads, silver beads, art glass - pretty much, whatever suits my fancy.
you might notice that the two panels closest to me when taking this photo are still wet with black paint. we had a little mis-measuring mishap that caused for some fun "drama" and crunch-time insanity on my part..but I went out and got two more panels and got them painted ;) plus, I was able to show my friends in the lumber department of Lowe's what I was actually doing with those boards they cut for me. I am good pals with all the dudes in the lumber department, though I'm pretty sure they're always wondering what the heck I'm up to :)
There are leaders that consider that corporate responsibility trumps it all. Again, there is bias towards the shareholders or the customers over employees and vice versa.
Here is the wonderful February sketch:
Let's come alongside the Rogers Family and help them raise the ransom for these dear children! They need the church right now! Another friend is graciously hosting a giveaway. I have donated an item, as have several others. It's not a huge, flashy giveaway, but a chance to do the hard work of James 1:27.
(Carole Jacobs, The Everything Juicing Book)
What is really interesting is that the people from Goa have borrowed recently from the Chinese and this beef stir -fried dish has become a local favorite.
- cheese cubes
No, in heart you work wickedness;
We worked for a little over 7 hours and then we went home. Usually we work 8 hours but today they cut it short due to the fact that one of the big boys son was having a baseball game and he wanted to attend.
I'm amazed at how much she's changed in the last week. I can't even think about all the things she's done in the last 10 months that I've missed being at work.
DAMIEN: I think you are. You have your mama’s eyes.
Rnd 5) ch2, dc in first st and in next 4sts, ch 10, skip next 9dc, dc in next dc and in each remaining st around, sl st to top of first st.
If you're at all familiar with quilting, then you've heard of the Yellow Brick Road pattern. It's a beginner pattern that I've used several times for different quilts over the years. This is a variation of that pattern. I was a bit hasty when cutting out the pieces and strips, so I had to make a few "design decisions" and alter the pattern a bit. This is what I came up with. LOL After all, my little recipient didn't mind a bit! :)
My husband found himself trapped in an impossible work situation. Even though he had advanced to Department Chair and completed his terminal degree, the picture perfect liberal arts school was struggling to maintain enrollment and pay bills, including payroll. For two long summers, the professors and staff were told there was no money for payroll. They did eventually get paid but the long weeks and months took their toll on morale. The school did everything it could to try to raise funds, but failed. We stuck with the school the first year hoping it could be saved but started looking for a new job when they announced once again there was no money for payroll in the summer. My husband said goodbye to the colleagues who remained. Those same devoted few found themselves without jobs the following year when the university closed its doors after 168 years. We were lucky we left when we did.
Come to think of it, that is probably how it got me started to host parties as I grew older. I found a lot of joy sharing my cooking and baking with my family and friends too. The best part is hearing them go ''ohhhh... oooOOooo..yuummmmmmmmMMmm".
I truly thought I was going to fall apart, but because my mother was there, I had to keep it in. That's the hard part of being the strong one in the family. There is no one to lean on when you need a little help.
the wreckage of your body and
I’ve had enough with not getting anything done. Time for a turn around. First, I think I need to figure out why I’m not motivated and why I’m so frustrated about it. My lack of motivation and ambition seems to stem from a couple things:
After lunch, I went to work on cleaning our towing equipment. Some of the metal parts had gathered rust and the locking pins were getting stuck. I bought some black Rustoleum paint, some Corrosion X lubricant to clean the metal, some Brillo pads to clean rust and a wire brush to get the majority of it. It took about an hour all told and then I spray painted the black parts to look really good. Hopefully it will hold up over time.
Dear Av took this picture of me on the beach near Noss Mayo. It was a bit dark that day, so thankfully you can't see me that well but as ever Molls looks good.
They put on some music, but I drew the line at dancing along to it. I'm fine thrashing away to typical white music, but there is no way in hell I'm going to get up there, swinging my distended skinny limbs around the place, when I'm surrounded by buxom, glossy-skinned African beauties with BOOTYS. As it happened, I was the only white girl there, which I thought was interesting: why? A guy came up to me, and was really concerned about something on my shoulder.
Darkly sinister, Chris Priestley’s The Dead of Winter, is a shiveringly delicious tale of terror which will be thoroughly enjoyed by all children from 9 and older who love a good horror and mystery story. I’ve never been a fan of horror but I found the Dead of Winter, with its rich, gothic voice “unputdownable”
This is the first palette I've made, published on Manekis Pärlblogg today. It's really simple with just two bead types and the design of the picture is in a way a first draft. Maybe I'll tweak it a bit for future bead soup palettes (if nothing else, adapt it to what ever photo editing tool I'll prefer after Picnik closes this week). Focus is on colour, not beads, meaning I select beads based more on their colours than if the sizes/shapes/materials work together.
Michael J. Solender is a recent corporate refugee whose opinion and satire has been featured in The Richmond Times Dispatch, The Winston-Salem Journal, and Richmond Style Weekly. He writes a weekly Neighborhoods column for The Charlotte Observer and is a contributor to Charlotte ViewPoint. His micro-fiction has been featured online at A Twist of Noir, Bull Men’s Fiction, Calliope Nerve, Danse Macabre, Dogzplot, Gloom Cupboard, Full of Crow, Pangur Ban Party Thrillers, Killers 'n' Chillers and others. He blogs here: http://notfromhereareyou.blogspot.com/.
Usage- The workshop juxtaposed elements of traditional craft technique and Indian culture with an experimentation of form and materials.
Commander Shaun Sawyer of Scotland Yard’s counterterrorism command gave the okay to Muslim extremists when he told the Muslim Safety Forum that security services would investigate “far right” groups who could be planning a terrorist “spectacular” to stoke up racial tensions,” he said.
And then we moved on, into the woods again, to find another exciting spot for me to take photos. We arrived at another muddy patch and I was just getting ready to get out of the car and take some shots of cars driving through it, when suddenly we saw a good friend of us (who owns a couple of Landrovers too and does this sort of off-the-road driving more often) driving towards us in one of the cars owned by Landrover. He took one look at our sparkling clean Bob, saw that we were driving around in totally the wrong gear (not in dif.lock, tut tut) shook his head, got out of his car, almost dragged hubs out of Bob, jumped in, put Bob in dif.lock and before I knew what was happening we drove off.
The research went well and with much enthusiasm, my son, with some direction, came up with vocabulary flashcards with river terminology like “mouth” and “source” and “delta”. He also created about six flashcards with facts on the world’s longest rivers and New York State rivers. To top it off, he wrote the flashcards showing off his latest 3rd Grade skill: using cursive letters!
I don’t feel there is major challenges for me as a female manager for modelling but with any part of the entertainment industry females always find it harder to gain the respect of males in that industry our jobs a lot harder also as a female I am more emotionally attached to my models which can be hard if others put them down or they are having a hard time in there business or personal life. I don’t feel male managers have the same connection with there models to them they are models doing a job to me they are females who have trusted me to look after and guide them.
On the subject of kids, I have boys, and they like things like pocket knifes, magnifying glasses, matches, i-spy books and notebooks - and I say that, not because I'm a middle class throwback to the Sixties, it's because they work at engaging their interest. For something more modern, try a fling sock which is possibly the most fun we've had from a present and in a different league to a Frisbee or a worse, a kite... I have this theory that people only fly kites when they're bored. Another tip - keep spare clothes in the car; this is blindingly obvious but even we forget sometimes, and yet it makes such a difference if there's any sort of stream or lake they might fall in - because of course, they will.
of Nick Griffin's BNP; Britain's fastest shrinking political party.
With techniques I learned from Davis, I sidestepped death threats and promises to beat me, burn down my house, and kill my family for asking questions about moonshine and instead got some of those same people to invite me to their homes, to meet their families, and to show me their stills. It's all a walk in the park talking about moonshine and moonshiners today, and I'm fortunate that moonshiners and home distillers seek me out rather than always the other way around. But twenty years ago, questions like those I was asking could get a person beaten or killed.
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes, and lets me know what pages and information are useful and helpful to visitors.
It’s interesting to try to understand the psyche of Lottery players—and at what point do you jump in and say, ‘to win it you have to be in it”? I will go on record here that winning 10 or 20 million dollars would be great for most—a real game changer. Yet, for some reason it takes a pot of $100,000,000 or more to get our attention! I’m not sure if it is the media hype of just the fun of dreaming mega huge that make some of us jump into the ‘Mega’ Millions once it gets north of 100 million dollars.
The medical offices are on the north side of the facility and we were told that they will be staffed only eight hours a day by physicians. We were told that this is a “state of the art” medical facility and includes eight negative pressure beds for offenders suffering from TB and other illnesses. This was another question that arose as the medical staff is not available more than 8 hours per day.
some to forget, some to forgive and move on… having a healthy relationship?
The question we need to ask is: if revolution is about the struggle for freedom, is it necessary that the revolution has its martyrs? Is death the price of freedom?
"As a participant you will be part of an informal mechanism for frank and open discussion between the business community and ANC government leaders," the PBF advertises. This sort of interaction between business and government leaders is as old as politics.
My Spring Break is April 2-6, so I'll be working on the nursery, packing, etc. Thank you for all of the thoughts, prayers, and well wishes on our behalf. We can't wait to meet our sweet Hayes!
I coasted, as I am often prone to do. I was cavalier. And when it came time to have my blood tested a second time, for a wellness review for our insurance, I got another set of numbers. SO, shortly before I started this new lifestyle of food consumption my numbers looked like this:
We'll see how this goes. I'm trying to at least add a side to each meal that I know the kids will eat (ie noodles, yellow rice, sliced cucumbers, etc) I may resort to hot dogs and meatloaf by Thursday if these first few days don't go well! I have another whole weeks worth of ideas/recipes to try if this experiment goes well! Wish me luck!
I have four kids and while they are really good at eating fruits and vegetables I still like to hide some when I can. The vegetables they don't eat on a regular bases can still cause a little whining. They are kids and just need to be encouraged and see their parents as a great example. In this recipe I added a few ingredients that gave the soup lots of great flavor and added nutrients. My food processor is sometimes my best friend because it allows me to take the visual of "what is that" out and just enjoy the meal. I have one daughter that if she see's an onion she is done. So to make things easy she still eats it as long as she can't see it. I am not pushing her because I know she will develop a liking for it later just like I did. In the mean time she and I have an agreement, "no see no complain".
Lately I have been focusing on a hands on type of career that has a great aura about it. (besides the people I have to work with ofcourse)
LaShawn – You can’t leave anybody out. I know running this event year after year I was getting better because I took it serous and learned more and got better. Other people can surprise you and come up and do the same thing. Guys like the Borlee twins, Jermaine Gonzales. Guys who were maybe injured this year. There are 8 lanes in the final. 8 people will line up for the final in the Olympics and anything can happen. It will come down to who’s ready, mentally and physically; who is prepared; and who executes.
We recently made the trip again after many years, this time with Sweetpea. We silently hoped she would feel the same magic as we had, but braced ourselves for the fact that she might be bored and wonder why we'd dragged her all the way there. My husband sometimes talks about how I go "feral" in the wilderness - going silent as the silence and space take over and letting my spirit become awestruck. And although our trip was brief this time, we saw the same thing happen for Sweetpea.
Sly and the Family Stone
The new 3DS update brings folders to arrange all the things that suffocate the main screen. You can make 60 of the things and tuck all your apps and downloads away. It’s nice to be able to use the zoomed in view for the home once more, but only showing the first letter or number on the folder can cause confusion, especially when you have folders named Game Boy, Game Boy Color, Game Boy Advance and Gay Porn. A real nightmare, but the full folder name does appear on the top screen.
Special dispensation.
DAY 6: Write letters of appreciation for grandma & grandpa’s
Mohammed Hanif and Omar Shariff were involved in a suicide bomb attack in Tel Aiv. Abu Qatada ran the Spanish, Milan and German al-Qaeda cells from London.
“They warned us at first that we had to move the vegetables from the front, that no vegetables were allowed in the front yard. We didn’t move them because we didn’t think we were doing anything wrong, even according to city code we didn’t think we were doing anything wrong. So they ticketed us and charged me with a misdemeanor,” Bass said . . .
She waited a few moments and then reached under her pillow and took out her Entertainment Weekly Magazine Cover. David Tirlson stared back at her with his dark hair, blue eyes, and fixed grin. Sometimes, this smile brought her great joy and satisfaction. Right now she just felt pathetic.
A little peek inside again
Everywhere a unlike intend served. Custom silicon bracelets are a way to go.
patterned paper
It’s time for both countries to stop lies and deceit and decide they are allies or not. The US should ensure Pakistani military that their presence in Afghanistan is not a threat. Washington should offer Rawalpindi a vital role in the peace process with Taliban exclusive among the US, Afghanistan and Pakistan. Pakistan should persuade the Taliban to come to table talks and give up violence and help the US and Afghanistan to eliminate those who continue terror. Similarly, the US and Afghanistan should assure Pakistan about their legitimate security and strategic concerns on the endgame in Afghanistan. But for this, General Kayani would have to compromise his current ‘peace plan’.
1/4 cup whole, skim or non fat milk
It was fitting that we got to eat at Willie Mae’s on August 29. Click on the “Read the rest of this entry” link below for more.
So, best of luck 'I'm going to take out all of my feelings on this elliptical' lady--you're going to need it.
Once I have received the books and read them, I will be sure to report back.
-be vegan for a month
And here we are as a class after our bowling outing....I was so excited, I bowled a 120. I know it's not a great score, but for me it was:)
My two Boston's, Pickle & Max need to have their ears cleaned out quite often, or else they tend to get 'stinky-ear'. That is the the medical term my vet uses, but its the best way that I can describe it. It usually takes two of us to hold them down and squirt an over-the-counter dog ear wash down in their ears, then rub it around and let them shake their heads, and the oily ear wash gets all over us, and anything near by. What an unpleasant task for us & equally unpleasant event for them, until now...
(Lights out.)
The noise of people lead me around a corner and I found myself in a little but busy marketplace. The smell of a booth full of river-fish made me move on, marveling briefly at some grilled desert-snakes - when a deep, rich voice caused me to turn around until I found the speaker.
When you seek to obtain existence in life so facile.
What seemed to be an unprecedented rebellion of "matter" itself against "natural law" was not really anything outrageous or new, but only part of the natural course of things. Still, there is sense that for the poet something new has happened-- "There was a subtle flood of steam/ moving upon the face of things." For him, "the face of things," his perceptual experience of the world, has been changed in a way that though "subtle" is deeply important. This movement of the steam has been a "flood"-- and even more Biblically, it has "moved upon the face of things," just as "the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters" in the act that began creation.
Jesus gave
And THEN I noticed that she was wearing headphones. Not headphones that were attached to an mp3 player, either: noise canceling headphones.
I have been making some major changes the last few weeks. Not because it was New Years and I had a resolution, I just woke up on Jan 4th and said today will be different.
explicitly tells.
the procedure was supposed to take place at 1pm.
When I asked what was going to happen about their honeymoon I was told that they could no longer afford to go on one due to the Vet fees they are now going to have to pay out.
Kim Jong-Il will only help them if they promise to help him regain control of South Korea. This entire plan is very unlikely to succeed.
I should just be grateful that I have a job to go back to.
Why people are leaving
My personal favorite?
To avoid all hair care disasters, follow these 10 absolute don'ts of great hair care.
One “name” you will be hearing more about next year & in the future is flywheel battery technology.
Nostalgia for the Light - 23, 2010
But it never did.
Join in the fun and excitement, the chance to win, the opportunity to share your work and to get to know each other. We welcome all!! I would love a comment or two (*smile*) and thank you for dropping in!!
That's when he realized he had to shift all the decking he had already put down to eliminate all of the gaps. The small bit that he did on the bottom level wasn't that bad since it wasn't cut to size and could easily be unscrewed, shifted, then screwed back in. But, the top level was already cut to size and there were even spots that were custom cut to fit things like the door trim and the posts. It was almost as time consuming as it was to originally but it down. But, in the end, all the decking was put down, without the gap, and turned out amazing:
“Into the garbage chute, flyboy!”
So over the summer I plan on doing a little exploring. I’m studying for PhD exams, so I’ll be steeped in the eighteenth-century in a literary sense. But I’ll also take time to make twenty-first century Pittsburgh really and truly feel like home. My hope is that by doing this, I’ll learn to make a home anywhere. This is a necessarily lesson for an academic who will eventually look for a professorship. After all, I could be living in Smallville, Kansas and teaching Clark Kent by 2016 and I’d be lucky to have the job. (Yes, I realize that no one watches or talks about Smallville anymore, but it’s how I picture small-town America. Doesn’t your small town have a super hero? No? Lame.)
Weird, right?
That’s not all that unusual really, for adoptees–or for anyone in pain, for that matter. And God must know that we may prefer evil to our affliction . . . He warns us in Job.
* Lidl Stiftung v OHIM (Case T-296/02, the thoroughly confusing LINDERHOF/LINDENHOF CTM opposition),
Thomas, Kayden, Horstemeyer & Risley, L.L.P.
Anyways….it is a new month and I also wanted to update you on our weight lost journey. I will say we kind of kicked back a little for the month of April so we didn’t lose as much weight as last month. We had birthday parties every weekend, and I was on bed rest the last week….so not exercising as much….and yes…you are reading excuses….so this month….we will be back on track. I’m starting another session of Body Back so I am very excited about that. This is our current status:
No. Not for 99 cents. Not with drunk troll reviews. I make my--MY--best call and that's what goes out. I'll fix typos but I'm not rewriting. I'm going on to the next book.
such potential
‘ The campaign gave Illinois’ Most Famous Six Pack a big raise in 2010, reimbursing the candidate $105,511′.
However, Shannon interrupted the gleeful mood by bringing up the huge project they had to do for Mr. Harrison’s social studies class.
Supporting Material for My Statement
Boston Celtics point guard Rajon Rondo has been suspended for Game 2 of an Eastern Conference quarterfinal series against the Atlanta Hawks for making contact with a game official, NBA executive vice president of basketball operations Stu Jackson announced Monday.
It has been cleaned out.
This wasn’t exactly funny, but it did perfectly capture Dame Helen’s uncanny ability to remain classy while showing off her unbelievably-sexy-for-her-age side. B
“Thanks,” was the whispered reply on the other end.
I got some lovely purple and green basil in my vege box, but if you don't have any use another herb you like, thyme would be great, or rosemary, and maybe some parsley and cook for a further 15-20 minutes until cooked and soft. While the vegetables are cooking, preheat the oven to 180C/350F and prepare the topping
The center piece today is the silver painted Retro TV trinket from Retro Cafe Art. I have accented with the 50's cat eye glasses and the sentiment "I'll teach you some tricks." I set it into a mod patterned white and silver paper in a chunky white frame. The final touch were the corners that have dimensional painted circles and tiny black stars.
balancing her life between her husband’s deployments.
I hear that the ACA sold nearly 2500 tickets and raised beaucoup money for their organization. The folks at our fledgling brewery and also those involved in the art scene in Lafayette thank them for all they do and eagerly await next year’s event. If you can’t wait that long, we will be serving samples of our biere at Arnaudville’s Oktoberfest on September 26th, and at the Jefferson Community hospital’s Beer Tasting event on October 16th.
In its publicity the National has described Danton’s Death as “the greatest political tragedy ever written.” There is an element of hyperbole here, in that such plays as Julius Caesar and Macbeth stand in the same pantheon, but it’s one that I’m not uncomfortable with. It has a sweep, a romantic and tragic grandeur that in some ways exceeds Shakespeare, looking forward to the great political and ideological contests of the modern age. That’s the first thing that struck me when I read it – how modern if felt.
When I’m not working (which is almost never), I renovate my old house, drive around Suffolk in my pink car, and write scary books for 10+
Once again the end of the academic year is upon us and so with that comes the hell of end of term work. I’ve created a playlist to help through the agony of coursework/ exams, especially if you’re doing your finals.
I'd always seen this place while going to and from downtown and been curious about what really goes on here. The interesting thing is this 1 block sized farm is smack in the middle of San Francisco. In fact, it used to be a big slab of freeway before it was a farm.
I stopped the van, turned the dome lights on and yelled at them "Ladies!! stop this shit right now or get the fuck out!!" The thought of walking home in a blizzard must've brought her to her senses because she got right back up front with me. She looked at me and said "Its alright, I am her mother you know"
Stamps: Fluffy Snowman (Zlatina), Glad Tidings- Verve
if only you’d meet my eye!
A few years ago, way before I came across BURN 24-7 and my life altered forever, I was in a local band. We weren’t the best band in Bradford. We never gigged very much or very widely. Not many people knew about us. But for me, that didn’t matter too much.
I know some will find my words offensive. That is not my intention. My intention isn’t to call out Brett Majors or Rick Reilly. I just think that so many people are seeing Ron Brown out of context. If you want to understand his perspective, look to his source – in this case the Bible – and then see if he’s getting that right.
I’m tired of being comfortable with my complacency. I want to be a better example to the little ones, too. Life is so much better when I eat right and have a sense of health and well-being pumping through my body as a result of adequate exercise. I feel like such an idiot, and rightly so. Because what I wish for isn’t some lofty thing out of my reach, like getting to witness to Mel Gibson face-to-face. I simply want to do the very best I can with this life and this body God gave me.
If as most horror fans agree, the various remakes that clogged so many theaters for so much of the decade missed the point of the movies they were rehashing and failed to recapture their appeal, than the natural counter is a series of films that are made to specifically try and capture said appeal. Film’s dedicated to what was loved about those films. The Pastiche films were (and are) conscience throwbacks to earlier eras of horror filmmaking, made for no other reason than to capture a particular era’s or subgenre’s flavor.
In black ghettoes in the US it rises to about 40.
“There are millions of less fortunate children in this world who don’t have wonderful parents like you do.”
It's easy to read lots of philosophy and theory, the history and evolution of unschooling. But when you get right down to it, sometimes it's hard to know what exactly unschooling looks like in actual peoples lives, hard to know what, exactly, unschoolers do? Join this panel discussion to find out about what unschooling looks like in different people's families and lives.
If there's one thing that The Bulls Fan knows, it's that I love animals. Any animals, really, but the more rural/unusual the animal, the more excited I get. Yes, that means goats, camels, pigs and baboons are all in my top five (the fifth spot, usually reserved for cows, is now being hotly contested by sheep as a result of this weekend). He also knows that the best place for finding camels is at Imhoff Farm. So, on Saturday morning (after visiting the amazing Porter Market in Tokai, where I happened to see an entire baboon family playing in the forest), we took a slow drive out to Kommetjie.
the highest
Hope you like what you see. Please email me with comments!
With the rain we've had in the last couple of weeks, our caladiums bulbs have gone crazy! Two weeks ago you didn't even know there were bulbs there. Look at them now...
What the Vatican spokesperson had to say:
I feel the most useful place to start is by explaining that Game of the Year (GotY, hereafter) is, in essence, a "mockumentary" in the style of Rob Reiner's 1984 classic This Is Spinal Tap, as well as that film's own star Christopher Guest's subsequent similar series of works (Waiting for Guffman, Best of Show, etc). This means that GotY is meant to depict real people being followed around and recorded by a documentary film crew. These sorts of films are actually scripted, of course, but the "raw" seeming camera work and heavy use of improvised dialog encourages the audience to suspend their disbelief on that score.
Hello, I hope you are all not too stressed with the big day approaching fast. We are taking it very low key. It's all about my son this year and that is what we are focusing on. I hate to say it but I am NOT in the mood this year for the holidays. Has been a sad time for me and just trying to focus on Parker. Not going to see any family (which I desperately need to see) until spring time as my parents live 7 hours away and with the weather.... lets just say I am grateful for skype.
Beyond these regions further north we find the Caucasus Mountains where the Caucasoid-Aryan or “European” races are said to have settled at some point in ancient times. Africa lies South-West of Babylon and NOT EAST, so who were these strangers from the East who settled in the Land of Shinar with intentions to tarnish God’s name and to make a big name for themselves in the process?
for you are my praise.
1/2 c olive oil
There was a little blue house with a little blue fence around it which was inhabited by a panda who loved to eat bamboo.
Earlier this week, that same printing company posted another job opening on Craigslist.org; this time, it was a part-time position. Luckily, I still had my application from before, so I made sure everything was completed, attached my résumé to it, and decided to turn in my application today.
So. Why this early morning? Why not. Thought I’d try something different and see if it would work. It did. Only one small problem. I slept too long. Woke up two hours late. Rushed to the computer , wishing I had invested in a laptop instead, while thinking “I hope I’m not too late.” Switched on, waited forever for Windows to finish start-up, clicked Google Chrome, opened the site and finally took a breath of air… Was not too late. Thanked….something… for that and went to the chatroom of … well, wouldn’t you like to know. Not important. Being there was great fun – as usual – but a tad short due to my late arrival.
It is crucial that the articles published on Global Research reach a broad readership.
Instead of painting it a solid blue, I wanted to hang on to at least some of the qualities of the weathered wood I had dreamed of for the table in the beginning—so I went with a thinner coat that still shows some of the grain through it, with a touch of distressing on the edges.
For the first time I shivered in the sunlight as we traipsed back to our cars, and I recognised the beginning of the end. The memory of Liz’s flesh in my hands was still fresh in my mind. I’d dribbled it with some of Christos’ blood I’d kept for posterity before half-burying lumps of Liz in a trail across the countryside –
1.Six Feet Down - 02:35
Gooey butter cake squares. Recipe courtesy of Christina Tosi of Momofuku Milk Bar, so I had high expectations. I was pretty shocked when the base included cake mix, since I can't think of the last time I used a cake mix. Unfortunately, though I liked the idea of them, I could taste the chemical-y mix. Plus, I think I overbaked them, so they weren't as gooey as they were described.
If you mamas are anything like me, you know how hard it can be to keep the romance alive. Something I found out early on in my relationship with my husband was that he likes to feel special just as much as I do and that's been hard for me at times. I think that as women, we are programmed to expect that loving attention that makes us feel special but we don't see that our partners need it almost as often. Personally, I believe that some of that has to do with men's habit of coming off so macho, as if they don't like gushy stuff like receiving flowers or love notes.
- LOTR. Even though I have my opinions on the change to the primary climax of the three books / movies, overall Peter Jackson did a better job than anyone else could have. Of that I'm certain. He took some major risks, not the least of which was shooting all three movies at once. The things that work in these films far outweigh the flaws. I own them all on DVD, have watched them repeatedly, and will watch them all again.
Uncle Montague's Tales of Terror has been nominated for an award in it's German translation - Onkel Montagues Schaurgeschichten. I am reliably informed that the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis is very prestigious and just as with the Dutch award this time last year, it is particularly satisfying, somehow, to feel that the books have made such a successful migration to other countries. My translators are clearly making me look good.
Terry Malloy (Marlon Brando) to Edie (Eva-Marie Saint), On The Waterfront (1954)
–Living To Tell The Tale, p. 21.
Richie gets together with his new crew, informing them that they're only looking to bust big guys, not street level dealers. They ask him about the story of him turning in a million dollars, which he admits. They get ahold of some blue magic and test it, realizing it's twice the strength of normal stuff for half the price.
The Galapagos archipelago was the cradle of evolutionary theory, but Herman Melville locates its islands altogether beyond modernity and meaning. Charles Darwin visited the Galapagos islands in 1835 and the theory of natural selection would be informed by his observations of their outlandish fauna. Melville arrived on a whaler, The Acushnet, in November 1841 and January 1842, as an ordinary seaman rather than as a professional scientist, and whilst Darwin spent over a month systematically exploring the islands, Melville’s ship drifted listlessly about the archipelago, at most spending six days in anchor off Chatham island.
"We can't let it happen." Jennifer tells us, "We have relationships with others on the ship, which would split us up. I have my Data, Jadzia has Worf, the Captain has Bev and Deanna has Will."
So now, for a short time, I can feel free to be myself. A woman among her family. A woman who wants to manage or own a tearoom, and create on the side. But while that goal is still out of reach, I’ll have to continue lying in order to stay in the game.
*People can participate in tournaments with HSN’s celebrity guests, hosts and other players for the opportunity to win other prizes, such as gift cards and products.
The blocks were first arranged and glued down to a black cardstock piece cut to the size I needed to cover the ugly print that was already stuck on the front of the book. After it was all decorated to my liking, I used my i {stick} papers redline tape to adhere it to the book.
I always get seated next to that person. Never fails.
The air smelled fresh and thin. The ground under their paws had been getting darker and more brittle the more they climbed and now was all bare rock, sharp and splintery. Reginald kept checking Bertie for signs of limping but Bertie seemed fine.
I managed to hold my composure until I got back in my car.
7. Long Gone
I'll eat vegetables.......
Writing is about the last thing I want to do right now, and the only thing I want to do. There is no in-between, no comfort zone. I am lashed by my own thoughts. Life is marching forward. I have yet to find my place.
Truth: Having a life insurance policy through work is a great benefit, but it’s also temporary coverage. If and when you leave that company, the coverage will end. So it makes sense to explore a life insurance policy that will stay with you no matter where you work, says Greg Blake, executive director of life insurance product management at USAA.
We're just two lost souls living in a fish bowl
Eating right involves the process of eating as well as what is eaten. The yogi eats when he is calm and relaxed, and not when stressed or in a hurry. The yogini chews her food well and eats as slowly as possible, finding gratitude and joy while savoring each morsel. Eating should be done in a calm atmosphere in silence or with slow soft music. This aids digestion, since digestion is a parasympathetic activity, and loud, quick-beat music, tension, and hurry, all lead to a sympathetic nervous response.
29-year-old John Nathan Donna, who lives in the home, was arrested and booked for investigation of marijuana cultivation and possession. He was released on $100,000 bail.
PM. This will also be the new time for all future
Superintendent Lesego Metsi said four armed men broke a window to gain entry into the house in Rooikoppies in Brits at 1:45am.
For this project I used three different embossing from Sizzix, Cuttlebug and SU, I made a commitment to myself and use my embossing folders a little more in my creations. Even though I wanted to use lots of yellow on my project…I could not resist adding this super pretty Blue ribbon also from Paper Temptress. I think it really wrap the good wish…right? Then bouquet of flowers are a combo of prima and recollection flowers. I kind of dyed the center flower with distress inks for a little pop. The swirls are Memorybox dies with a nice coat of glamour dust…you really didn’t think I was going to pass the bling…lol. Die cuts by silhouette and punched edge by Martha Stewart (all dusted with Glamour).
Yes, as through your life you roam,
470
Any basics you think I can add to this list? I have accomplished a few things on my cooking horizons list this week and feel pretty good about it! Ya never know when you will need to roast a chicken, right?
I just wonder WHY do they do this? It does concern me. Are they actually hacking away into my computer???? They are blocked ... don't they know it? and they both continually kept trying to comment on a post that was almost a year old...duuhhhhhhhhhh, so even if it did get through Blogger - who is going to see their comment????
2) Remember the 80/20 rule? Okay, people... let this not be misunderstood. I'm not talking 80/20 each day. I'm talking 80/20 forever. If you eat well 80% of the day, and then stuff your faces with junk at night, you are going to boycott yourselves. Don't do it. My single, most important piece of advice I have for you is to go cold turkey and stay that way for at least one month. You will eliminate cravings! You will no longer feel like you must have that sugary pastry, that bag of chips, or whatever it is that is "dangerous" to you! After your first months, after you've created good habits, that's when you can allow yourself that occasional treat.
04 Naked Funk-Husband To Be Present
I saw Adam Adli, Safwan Anang, Mahfuz Omar, and a few opposition leaders give their speeches. The loud hailer can’t get through the crowds. I can’t even hear what they are talking about because the crowd is huge and noisy.
The background is sunny and calm. The fool looks up and not straight ahead. So you may want to remember at times to ground yourself and look at all angles. try to look before you leap, but continue to explore new grounds. Yes, there are cautions in the fool, but also joys
And this is what makes me think about what I also really love about this time of year: surprises. I used to lay awake before Christmas when I was a child, thinking about what I wanted, wondering what would be under the tree for me. If I get a present early now as an adult, I keep it wrapped and save it for Christmas Day with NO peeking!, to open and so really, I can savour that sense of surprise and waiting and anticipation. That's what I think this time of year really means for me: a sense of wonder. Anything can happen. It's the closest time for all of us to be that little child again, and let that little child come out and play, and no one bats an eye. So you might find me playing with Yoda Santa Claus when no one is looking.......
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2001: Unsinkable Boxer (PU 20th); 2007 Eurotrek (PU 22nd); 2011 Eurotrek (PU 17th).
If your fiancé is the kind of man who is welded to his mobile or laptop, this truly is your honeymoon heaven.
You get the point…
PRESS RELEASES FOR RCE? I can understand companies wanting to promote their own technologies, but Paid, Inc. is apparently publishing press releases over their decision to file an RCE.
So, here are the things I bought:
The nine years I have been here cannot compare. And that’s okay.
“When it comes to others rather than wishing they were somehow different, its better to give thanks that they are exactly as they are, because truly, if they werent, they wouldn’t even be in your life right now.” The Universe
No shipping fee if you pick up wood blocks from INDEXG
A little while later another boy puts his hand up and says, “Miss! Miss! I need tae dae a shite.” The teacher gasps: “It’s not a ‘shite’ young man, it’s a Number Two. Now off you go.” And the boy goes off and does his business.
This was considered by the Council’s Senior Planner (Consents) on 3 April 2012.
Plastic People, on the other hand, complete the songs through recording various versions of the demo, rather than just jamming together. I believe there are pros and cons for each method.
Just remember that communication can be a vehicle to success or even impediment. Remain confident and never doubt your ability to connect with people from varying perspectives. At the root of it all, we are all human beings and we require others to fully experience life.
Olé!
The Internists claimed it would indeed be a bitter pill to swallow.
by flowing black robes and a grotesque breath mask, which
Presently, I can’t think of any reason to go back there in future once the ban is put into full effect. I’m sure by now most of you have heard of this law they’re passing which would bar tourists from partaking in any ganja activities, specifically entering coffee shops and buying herbs.
cook time: 8 minutes
Alongside the comic book heroes, aliens, and cowboys that are dominating the summer movie landscape sits Bad Teacher, a lowbrow comedy hoping to bank on the still-apparent sex appeal of Cameron Diaz and the humor of Jason Segel. Cameron Diaz’s beauty can only take a film so far, though, and Bad Teacher suffers from a serious lack of depth in both the story and the humor. Director Jake Kasdan, who also directed Orange County, and Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story, has clearly made this film for the 18-24 year-old demographic, and as long as those college-aged kids aren’t expecting a Judd Apatow or Kevin Smith film in terms of humor and vulgarity, they’ll get a kick out of Bad Teacher.
- When bring balloons int he house, anchor them to something immediately. Don’t let them roam around.
Did we make it happen?
life
We then spent the afternoon at a local nature reserve we'd not been to before, have driven past it several times but decided to pop there today. A lovely wild area and the shade from the trees was wonderful. We came across the above crossed oak trees which have grown into each other. It was also wonderful to spot a Greater Spotted Woodpecker up in the trees, and evidence of Badgers.
Robert Donat Knight Without Armour
My mom was a sahm my whole life. She still is a sahm to my 16 year old sister. I never went to a babysitter unless my parents were going out a on a date, and I never worried that my mom would have to leave the house to work because it was always clear that mom stayed home with us kids and dad went to work. And she didn’t just stay home because she was busy homeschooling us, I know she would have been a sahm had we all gone to school. My parents thought raising us was important enough that one of them should be on duty pretty much all the time.
I should cry I should scream and get down on my knees
Oddly and perhaps even inevitably, his political experience, a cakewalk, has positioned him to destroy the Democrat Party’s hold on power in Congress because in the end it was never about the Party. It was always about his communist ideology, learned at an early age from family, mentors, college professors, and extreme leftist friends and colleagues.
For ’tis green, green, green, where the ruined towers are gray, And it’s green, green, green, all the happy night and day; Green of leaf and green of sod, green of ivy on the wall, And the blessed Irish shamrock with the fairest green of all.
Travis Duggins: I took a slightly different approach to this image. I tried to really focus on the lighting. I learned about the reflective properties of light and how it can cause certain objects to glow. I really loved the lighting in this image. The reference photo was snagged from one of his performances called “Armida”. I think that’s the name lol.
“Dearest beloved, the wonderful thing about thoughts is that they can be changed. Never feel that just because the view point of a certain person or situation in your life has always been a certain way that you are not free and able to change your mind. It is the beauty of being human and having free will. The only thing that you must do is decide to do it. Changing your thoughts can immediately change your life. Ask for our help in doing so and together, we will begin the shift lovingly.” – The Angels
Mission President: A man who is chosen to preside over missionaries in a geographical area. Typically mission presidents are high priests who have shown their faithfulness through church service and success in their business or professional life.
QR code supermarket
The article continues, “Turnover among large truckload fleets had risen to 89% in the third quarter of 2011 after bottoming out at 39% in the first quarter of 2010. For all of 2011, the large truckload turnover rate averaged 83% – the highest average since 2007 when churn averaged 117%. At small truckload firms, with less than $30 million in annual revenue, the turnover rate dipped to 55% from 57% in the previous quarter. The fourth quarter turnover rate for less-than-truckload fleets fell to just 7% from 10% in the third quarter.”
me: sady doyle gave $50 for rape survivors. why does sady doyle hate starving african babies?
Anyways, the cake turned out absolutely amazing and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a white cake. It was moist and didn't have a strong eggy flavour that you get in some vanilla cakes. I'll post the recipe but click here for the link to the blog that I got it from if you are interested. The recipe makes 2 8-inch rounds but I had 2 9-in pans so my cake was flatter and bigger. Also I just purchased these pans from Wilton and they are amazingggggggg! They are aluminum and the cakes bake perfectly even so you don't get the odd dom in the center.
Through Restoration. By making things the way they were before.
still very useful notion of latitude and longitude, and what is that but an
I’ll catch a glimpse of my old yellow bag in the dresser as I’m getting ready for work each morning, and think of the good times we shared together. I don’t want to be so old-fashioned as to revert to those fond memories for everyday use. Still, it’s nice just knowing it’s there if I ever want to relive the glory days.
Eugene Curran “Gene” Kelly (August 23, 1912 – February 2, 1996) was an American dancer, actor, singer, film director and producer, and choreographer. A major exponent of 20th century filmed dance, Kelly was known for his energetic and athletic dancing style, his good looks and the likeable characters that he played on screen.
Maybe she has a whole host of guardian angels protecting her as she trots clumsily across the yard, tripping over her pretty white shoes.
The Quiz night on the 14th April raised £103 towards the fire escape funds.
The villagers claim that apart from their native customary rights, there was never a forest reserve established when they started farming in the area 20 years ago.
Also testifying were representatives of Downtown Brooklyn entities such as the New York Marriott at Brooklyn Bridge; Polytechnic Institute of NYU; and the Brooklyn Hospital Center. Also testifying were several people from ReBUILD, which places construction workers at job sites.
Heart and Souls
you'll make friendss.. and if not now then when you start you're course.. freshers helps you meet many others like yourself..
Flowers in the garden
Every Sunday Never Growing Old will post five get to know you questions that you can copy and paste into your own Monday post and we can all learn a little more about each and every one of us!!
FCTTQ Blog (fcttqblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Clyburn said that even though he disagrees with Obama on legislating gay marriage, he fully supported Obama’s decision to come out in favor of equality. Echoing comments made to the Columbia Free-Times on Saturday, Clyburn told MSNBC host Chuck Todd that “I, like the President, have evolved to a point of marriage equality.”
What irks is the notion that a woman who practices Free Speech, is labelled as an up and coming Breivik. Censorship is a dangerous path to walk. Views which are objectionable are as valid as those which are nice and make one feel warm inside. Indeed, without objectionable views to keep us alert, we fall into a trance-like state and become vulnerable to all who are willing to publicly go along with our way of life, but privately undermine and destroy us. Isn't that the essence of liberalism, and political correctness? Sanctioning people because their opinions may be hurtful, is the modus operandi of the internationalists. It is worrisome to see Icke adopting the tactics of the global enemy. Yes, the woman in the video may be speaking in a manner which is offensive to Muslims, but if we are serious about freedom, we have to accept that some people will always speak in a manner which is unpleasant. To use the English saying which is now tantamount to incitement to forbidden free thought, 'Sticks and Stones may break my bones, but WORDS will NEVER hurt me'.
Not bad for $40.00 since I already had all of the paint on hand for other projects!
Yellow twine We R Memory Keepers
All I have to say is this: If you are at ILuvSA cause you think we are a bunch of ignorant pricks and racists, you are welcome to leave at anytime. If you want to convert us; you are welcome to stay, and continue your missionary conversion efforts.
I believe in preserving life in photos.
She wanted it to be sleeveless with a circular collar but I couldn't find a super hero pattern with that style. I did however find a pattern that had costume dresses with the style, so I used it.
i've been scanning old slides this week, if you haven't caught on.
Needless to say, we are in the Christmas spirit around here.
Teamed with artists Terry Dodson, Bernard Chang, Nicola Scott, and especially Aaron Lopresti (look up and drink in the gorgeousness, then go buy the books), Simone's approach to WW was both magnificently classical and refreshingly contemporary, combining the epic and the intimate, the tragic and the comic, the mythic and the mundane. Her plots featured not only some of the greatest female heroes and villains in the DCU (Black Canary, Donna Troy, Wonder Girl, Power Girl, Vixen, Cheetah, Giganta, to say nothing of the Amazons), but characters going all the way back to WW's very first appearances in the early Forties -- figures like Steve Trevor (who first appeared in All-Star Comics #8) and Etta Candy (Sensation Comics #2). Wonder Woman's government job as Metahuman Affairs Agent Diana Prince also recalled her World War II origins. And the character's roots in ancient mythology, folklore, and religion expanded to encompass gods and heroes that went far beyond the Greek pantheon: she found a new divine patron in the form of an apparently Polynesian god called Kane Milohai, and one memorable story with a witty sword-and-sorcery vibe teamed her up with the ancient Anglo-Saxon warrior Beowulf. More importantly, Simone managed to emphasize the complexity and humanity of Wonder Woman without sacrificing her strength, power, nobility, loyalty, passion, and (perhaps most importantly) sense of humor. There are those of us who consider Simone's run on Wonder Woman to be the greatest in the character's long history.
I started the Couch to 5K plan. I've been doing a run/walk thing for a while, but I'd like to run an entire 5K. This plan promises to get me there in nine weeks. I bought the app that goes with it, so that a nice lady can interrupt my play list to say really encouraging things, like: "Whew.. alright let's take a walk break" and "Ready to run?" I generally want to say NO, but I do it anyway.
blocked up souls.
If you are caught in a flash flood situation, follow these safety rules:
English at National University.
We knew we would get a storm because, living in the North, we do not deserve an early spring. When spring comes early, we feel guilty, so we wait. And we wait. Until the blizzard comes.
Their talk is interrupted by Roy's nurse, Carol, who Lilly reveals she hired to keep an eye on him. Roy is upset as he "makes his own decisions." and asks Carol if she knows why Lilly hired her. Carol responds innocently reciting when she's to check on him. Roy tells her "She hired you for me to fuck." This catches Carol off guard, and Lilly insists that that isn't true. Lilly dismisses Carol and Roy an Lilly continue talking.
The first thing I thought was how much I admire a rule he has: he does not introduce ANY woman to his children until he has been ‘seriously’ dating her for at least 18 months to two years. When he originally told me that, I said, “What the? That’s a LONG time!” His answer made perfect sense, “I already made that mistake after my first wife – introducing my kids to someone within the year of dating them because I thought ‘this is it’ we moved in together, and then we ended up breaking up 2 years later. I’m not doing that again. My relationship has nothing to do with my kids. Unless I know with 100% certainty that I am going to either co-habitate or marry the woman, she won’t be meeting or spending time with my children.” Makes perfect sense to me – he’s right….if he’s not sure about the future with her, no need to get the children involved- and his children aren’t even babies/young. I respect him so much for making his children a priority, even in a serious relationship; very commendable.
Links for Eve Marie Mont’s A Breath of Eyre, April 1, 2012 from Kensington Books:
We love that in a happy world you can drive up, push a button, and the thing opens. We love that it allows you to park your car within the privacy of your own home so that if you have forgotten something inside said car you don't have to get fully dressed to go get it (and we even put carpet remnants up to the car doors so you can do this without getting your feet cold either). We love that in this world of having too much stuff we can proudly say that our garage has our car like it should, and not just stuff like everyone else on the street whose garages are full of stuff. We love having a clear driveway because we only have one vehicle and it stays in said garage. This means that in the summertime my tomatoes get full sunlight and the world is a happy place.
The gathering allegedly discussed a plot to turn Malaysia into a Christian country and install a Christian prime minister.
Looking ahead to verse 8 we see they were to witness other things as well. In Luke 24:47-48, they were witnesses of the suffering and resurrection of the Lord. They were to preach repentance and the forgiveness of sins. Take special note thatIsraelwas the nation which was promised the King. He was the King of the Jews, not of the Gentiles. But why could the Kingdom not be set up right there and then? The Jews had to accept Jesus Christ as their Messiah. Without that it could not be done. God looked ahead and saw whatIsraelwould do. They would reject the witness of the Holy Spirit. They would reject anew the person of Jesus Christ as witnessed by the Spirit-filled disciples. How could He then restore the Kingdom toIsrael?
I held on. Even though the script for "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (that I'd begun on Wednesday) felt like the story that would never end, I knew it would and that I had to finish it. I did.
And it’s peeled with delighted foolishness
A Conversation With God, Tsai Ming Liang, Taiwan. Experimental, 32 min.
It is urgent that Muslim throughout the world refuse the formalist legitimization of the teachings of their religion and reconcile themselves with the deep message that invites towards spirituality, demands education, justice and the respect of pluralism. Societies will never reform themselves by repressive measures and punishment but more so by the engagement of each to establish civil society and the respect of popular will as well as a just legislation guaranteeing the equality of women and men, poor and rich before the law. It is urgent to set in motion a democratization movement that moves populations from the obsession of what the law is sanctioning to the claim of what it should protect: their conscience, their integrity, their liberty and their rights.
Book week is an example where the focus of the community engagement is on literacy, but it also helps build social capital. This year’s theme is “One World, Many Stories,” which lends itself to themes of social inclusion, accepting difference and creating belonging. The book parade helps to bring people together and build a sense of community in the school. All of which are important in social capital.
SMASH! I landed a Hulk-like fist on the reception desk.
Botton Line – show this video to the country and it’s all over.
48 wonton wrappers.
Now we have Kyon. He was an ordinary high school student before he found himself under Haruhi’s rule in the SOS Brigade. He is almost always in the passive role, with Haruhi being in the active role, and he has one major weakness. That would be Mikuru Asahina. Although he has a big problem with Haruhi constantly dressing up Mikuru in ridiculous outfits, he doesn’t mind having the odd look at her body every now and then. This is not very different from many high school boys in this series and many others, but just to keep this simple, DON’T LOOK AT WOMEN’S BODIES! ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT WOMEN AND THEIR PERSONALITIES! Kyon is actually a pretty good person, and he does see Mikuru as more than just her breasts most of the time, which makes up for a lot of what Haruhi sees her as.
Segue
Baby C took two unaided steps yesterday. I don't think she meant to, but she did anyway - from one cruising point to another. She turns 11 months tomorrow. My instinct says she'll be awhile yet before taking more unaided steps, but I'll be keeping my eyes peeled. Speaking of big moments and milestones, her first word may have been "Wow." I've heard it on two different occasions but I'm not 100% sure, because she doesn't tend to repeat it on command.
SH: What? I was supposed to slice it!
The "fat-burning zone" lies between 50 and 70 percent of your maximum heart rate. When you exercise at this low intensity, your body draws energy from fat. As your heart rate goes up, more energy comes from carbs. So it seems logical that to lose fat you should keep your heart rate down,
So, there are the complete basics to losing weight. Let me remind you that I am not a nutritionist, dietitian, personal trainer, or any of the sort. This information is just from personal experience, research and opinion (unless proper credit is given).
The next story headline illustrates the potential.
It craves.
2010.08.15 Iraq Jurf al-Sakhar 3 2 Three worshippers are shot to death outside a mosque by sectarian rivals.
We had our meeting on Monday, and it went surprisingly well.
“Dora? Where are we?” Gently, Rel touched her shoulder.
On July 9, 1971 Grand Funk Railroad played to a crowd of over 55,000 at Shea Stadium in New York, selling out all tickets faster than The Beatles did in 1965. Everyone remembers Beatle mania, but not many will recall that Grand Funk Railroad dominated the LP charts in 1970. They were known as the first popular “people’s hard rock band”, setting the table for later 70’s groups like AC/DC, and fellow Michigan native Ted Nugent’s solo success. 2009 marks the fortieth anniversary of Grand Funk Railroad and they are appearing at Taos Mountain on July 10 as part of a biker festival. Sadly original lead vocalist/guitarist Mark Farner is not in the band, that’s like going to see The Rolling Stones without old big lips Jagger at the mike stand, or having a Tull concert without Ian Anderson - it just ain’t right. The current group of Grand Funksters deserves to make a living; I’d just like to know how Farner lost control of the band’s name (and reputation). Let’s blame their first manager Terry Knight who could’ve cheated the musicians out of their own name for God’s sake. Speaking of God, Farner found Jesus a while back and released some Christian recordings in the nineties. That shouldn’t have surprised any body; way back in 1970 Mark wrote a song called Sin’s a Good Man’s Brother. How he went from being a teenager in Flint, Michigan to shakin’ his ass and singing the devil’s music in front of 180,000 people at the Atlanta Pop Festival in 1969 – and winding up singing for Christ is one of those great journeys that make us all proud to be born in America where anything can happen.
I can be all sentimental this morning. I will allow myself that luxury just for a few days, but I know that just like a newborn baby it will need to be nurtured and lovingly raised until it is a fresh faced toddler, ready to face the world and take its first wobbly steps on its own two feet.
Her grandma was sick and always say “The Well…” she wanted drink water from the well. So the girl and boy went to grandma’s hometown to bring water from the well forgrandma.
THE CHOCOLATE MOOSE: Take a Ride
And then…AT LAST…. class ended, and it felt so great. Our Zen yoga instructor was back, instructing us to stretch, and breathe, and stretch more, and hop of the bike. Oh, hopping of the bike, I became in love with the floor. I also fell flat on my ass during one stretch, but we won’t go there.
But delving into this more cellular level does something to the perception which is truly magic. The familiar music is heard differently, time stretches out, feelings become more important and useful than thoughts. Without smoking anything.
As for buying equipment, feel free to do so. The campaign will be starting in a Martian city so equipment will also be available in game.
Brooklyn Art Library. My chosen theme: "I am a scavenger". I will use found scrap to start each image and go from there. I look forward to rediscovering the use of found elements, something I used to do a lot of, something I like very much.
ROBERTSON: Elderly woman of 73 robbed of her belongings while sleeping.
I saw similar attitudes to my own in other people, and I disliked it, so I changed. This was really a big one. I heard people disrespecting the bride of Christ and I wanted with all my heart to defend her, but I knew I’d been guilty of the same thing, and so I ought to cease if I wanted to make a stand.
The reason for this post won't deal with any kind of therapeutic approach to overcome the trauma of not being able to wear any pastel colours but to tell that there is not only me existing on this planet who should just not wear these kinds of colours. I'm already into my neon-phase, which I find brave enough (neon is just the big, fat sister of innocent pastel) but please could these people around me stop pulling some trends if they are just not fitting to it?! You and I don't look like beautiful porcelain dolls with these soft colours. We look dead.
Related to yesterday's post, Lava lead singer and writer THOBAY K gives us the lowdown on what's what...
I've been feeling so optimistic lately, taking such joy in the Spring. I feel like I'm moving in the right direction, if slowly, and that things will work out. They'll be okay. I hope those feelings are right!
Juan and I grew up in the same home town but him being six years older and therefore a senior when I was a sixth grader, we didn’t know each other. We crossed paths later on when I worked at his firm in NYC as a summer intern and then ran into each other a few years later at a friend’s bar-b-que. A few years later, when deciding where to have our wedding, it was a pretty simple decision to have it in Ireland. We had 100 people in the US and 100 people in Ireland so regardless people would be traveling. Planning a wedding in Ireland all the way from New York posed its challenges but we were lucky to have a lot of people on the ground over there to help.
Now, I'm no Katarina Witt, but my mum and dad took me skating ocasionally as a child so I can stay upright and move round the rink.
The older I get, the more I realize how harshly I’ve judged her, no matter the good reason. My own bitterness scares me. I want to cast it off and never pick it up again.
I can’t be sure but I think I caught her in a moment of weakness. I’m guessing Mom was contemplating re-gifting and no doubt feeling guilty about it. She shouldn’t have been. As far as experts can determine there are only a couple hundred fruitcakes in existence. It only seems like more because they continually circle the globe in an endless cycle of re-gifting.
In 2012 we as Christians should strive to fear the LORD, and serve Him and obey Him.
Change doesn't make us nervous Ms. Levin, the City "helping" us makes us nervous. As stated further in the article -
The Alkali is perhaps the oldest pub in Jarrow, dating back to a time (1867) when most of the town's industry was based around "The Slacks" (Jarrow Slake), a saltmarsh mudflat at the bend of the Tyne. The pub takes its name from the big alkali works which was nearby. Everyone thinks of coal, steel and shipbuilding when they think of the Tyne, but in fact one of the biggest industries was chemical production.
It gave me perspective and energy to nurture the friendships I still have.
It is not fair
Night after night I was either forcing myself to go make contacts (prospecting) at gas stations, grocery stores, and anywhere else I could meet people. After burning most of my friend and family contacts that was the only option. My “business mentors” spent hours on the phone with me each evening encouraging me to keep it up, work harder, and focus on my small successes. While I did manage to “go Eagle”, “go 2500 PV”, attend business conventions all across the country, and learn tremendous amounts about sales and positive thinking, I also went broke and quite keenly embedded my problem into my mind. So what is this problem and the key for moving beyond it you might ask? It’s quite simple, really. I’ve spent much of my life constantly wishing I was at another place in life. Always wanting to get to the next best thing. Perpetual dissatisfaction with life circumstances. Always thinking the next set of circumstances will be better.
So there I am at 8:15 in the morning with my three kids, no make-up, still not completely sure I had brushed my teeth. Two of kids still in PJ’s, and I’m filing a police report for a missing dog. The kids are crying, the secretary is almost in tears, and I’m thinking, “The Therapist, should have called in sick, we’ve got a crisis on our hands!”
"When my baby sister is born she can sleep in my room and I can sleep in the octopus (office). No baby sister is coming- she just wishes!
- you pink stuffed pig is your absolute favourite, and will pick it out of all your toys when asked “where’s pig?”;
Lauren eventually chose Jason and thus became known as the girl who didn’t go to Paris, put so eloquently by her boss at the beginning of the next season. For whatever reason, that scene always resonated with me. I think because as a woman, our generation of women sometimes feel like we are faced with that decision often (career or love-life)… and I know plenty of women who have secretly wondered if they can truly do both successfully.
4 shook
Uuuuuugh!!!!!! Okay, so one mesh object can “cost” up to umpteen hundred prims — depending on size and detail and other weird voodoo. Which made my rideable project not such a good idea.
3. Over in the gym, we could check the time, grab a shower, and saunter over to be first in the lunch line while the batallion was still at attention. Toodle-ooo, boys!
There is nothing more exciting than sharing something you are excited and passionate about with your own kids, and that is what excites me about the HSV Garden Challenge! I love gardening and love sharing the joys of gardening with my children! When the kids were younger, the extent of their garden involvement was eating the delicious fresh produce, but over the last couple of years they have gotten old enough to share in the joys and wonder of sowing seeds, watching them sprout, some tending and lots of harvesting. :) Last year the kids planted Zinnia seeds and monitored their growth during our garden challenge. It was a joy for me to see the kids check on the health and progress of their flowers all the way into the fall. :)
Product Details:
May 23rd – 30th A RISING LEVEL OF SYNCHRONOUS YET INFERIOR ACTIVITIES. Late May has its outbursts of energy yet these may be a little too difficult to comprehend and control, wild goose chases or unusable answers. And yet towards the end of the month Nostredame’s favourite astral marker the Dragon’s Head is up there looking and doing good and Venus is swinging low in the sky, brightly reminding us of the traditional and deep-rooted values of hearth and home, family love and neighbourliness in the warmest sense of the phrase ‘homeland security’. We should not lose these to the idiocy of ideology that will always corrupt us to its cold and calculating ends.
Then look at the acknowledgments pages and write down the people you see thanked inside: editors and agents.
While the cheesecake bakes, combine all the topping ingredients in a large bowl and mix well. Store in the refrigerator until the cheesecake has cooled for 30 min, then smooth on top. Allow the cheesecake to cool for at least 4 hours before serving, although overnight would be best.
At lunch time, we had the choice to buy a regular lunch or a Super Lunch. I always bought a Super lunch when they had Barf on Biscuit. It was delicious. Debbie S. always bought a Super lunch. I thought I looked anorexic when I was in high school. She was tall and skinny. I was short and skinny. Big difference. Anyways, she sat down with us, as she did every day, and went to get a napkin, because she forgot it….every day. When she sat down, and took a big fork full of her cole slaw, Mr. Crayfish claw was sitting on her fork. Yeah, I kinda hid the crayfish claw in her cole slaw.
I'm surprised that no one has complained about missing links. That means either it isn't as big as problem as I think or people aren't paying close attention.
Consume adequate amounts of calcium.
This is my last mid-west show and then I'm back to Florida tonight. Thursday, I'm heading to Vancouver, Washington, but I have an insane amount of work to get completed before I head west. It's going to be a busy summer.
adds a balance to wood and other "soft" materials in a way that nothing else can. there is something great about the reflective "sparkle" that a touch of metal adds to a room.
How do you keep balance in your homeschool? I would love to hear your ideas!
Stop back in later this week for information on V-Fusion!!!
Acid Gallery- Dance ‘Round The Maypole
I'm back. Hang out the bunting, begin the ticker tape parade, etc. etc. – but don't go getting too excited just yet, because blogging will, for the moment, remain intermittent on Existential Ennui: there are still a fair number of matters to deal with at the new house, the most pertinent of which being the internet connection – or lack thereof. As a consequence, my posting on this 'ere blog – and on The Violent World of Parker blog for that matter – will likely remain sporadic for the foreseeable future, which in turns means that it's unlikely I'll be getting stuck into any series of posts – of which there are a number in the works – any time soon, lest they, out of necessity, tail off partway through.
When Tusshar spoke to reporters about the trailer, all he said was, “We have a bold trailer and we are going to deliver what we are promising. It’s going to be funny and audiences are going to laugh their heart out. When they go home, they will feel light and happy.”
#boyfriendofablogger
Nanako Sudo as Reina Maeda (Squid Girl)
Total Weight Loss: 90.6lbs
Elizabeth Hand – Prince Of Flowers
No worse for wear and not even a crack or tear. I guess I did not need to hide it after all. Next time I'll try and not make it fall when I am doing whatever it is I do when Pat is not home to view. Or maybe it was my Birthday gift today to Pat. I re-used and could not wrap for I am a cat. Then I made him seek it out and it still worked so he did not pout. Anyway, buckle your laptops down when the cat comes to trespass because you just never know when humpty laptop might take a great fall thanks to my little rhyming ass.
She is 9 years in Sydney and said that it would be a very hard place to leave.
I turn to you the beginning of my name and on behalf of the Syrian National Council deep gratitude to the positions of the Kingdom supervisor, which has shown by word and deed that it is better supporter of the Revolution of our steadfast and patient.
"Should I use ground cinnamon and salt?" she asked.
(I'm not feeling all that good at the moment as a head cold has descended upon me and made me cranky as hell. Making things worse, today was a perfect day to go flying or shooting, but thanks to this (expletive deleted) head cold and the requisite OTC medications I've consumed, no flying or shooting for this Texan.
Nobody carries cash anymore, so limiting sales to those who have cash may eat away at your profits.
TB: What, reality TV?
If I had to guess on how much you weigh right now, I would have to say 20 pounds. You are definitely growing up to be quite the cutie. I just love watching you discover new things.
12th Apr 1983 Edinburgh Assembly Rooms
"You collect paintings?" I asked.
Dick and Judy lived in Los Angeles
September 25, 1897(1897-09-25)
I find that this pattern has a somewhat 'lengthening' effect on the nail.. much like when you wear a certain item of clothes because of it's slimming effect.
I am still trying to figure out how Amelia thought that changing the towels meant cutting them up into other shapes. That said, I agree with her about dressing the chicken. It looked darling! Beyond all the Parish and Collins, our bestselling kids' book this week is The Art of Miss Chew, by Patricia Polacco. It's the story about an art teacher who recognizes the talent in a special student (yes, Ms. Polacco).
I love reading cook books for new and interesting menu ideas. One of my
Dana did a wonderful job and I think she really captured the real "us".
So here is a top and a skirt I pretty much just finished. If you took a picture back in time maybe three years and said to me "you're going to be wearing this willingly, and you made it yourself" I would laugh in your face and tell you you're tripping.
You can always delete the browser later (sorry Google, still love ya).
My mom was confused. “No. Why would she be mad at him?”
The lemons were duly halved, pips removed and whizzed to a sharp pulp....carefully stirred it into the rest of the ingredients and then tipped artfully into my well-prepared cake tin.
Then I jumped in my car and drove the seven hours to be there because I am a wish washy can't make up my mind kind of spacy that way sort of person. I realized I could not miss it.
5. And http://notimetow8.com/ … his weight loss and his running of his first 5K are spurring me on to keep training for MY 5K… Well done!
Disc 2 - 1980 : 6/10
Your books must have made many readers want to visit Africa…
When we were kids, the holidays were so fantastic. It was so fun to go to Grandma’s house, play with cousins and eat endless amounts of dessert! Our parents didn’t seem equally excited. In fact, they seemed like they were dreading it! Why? Because, unlike our childlike view, Grandma is a drama queen, the cousins are horribly behaved little devil children and Uncle Steve is sleeping with his secretary and everyone knows it except his wife! (This is not actually a portrait of my family – except the cousins part, you know who you are – but you get the idea.) This is the family we walk into for a holiday celebration. No wonder it’s no fun! Why do we expect any different? We are all fallen people, and for some reason, the rules of common courtesy and respectfulness don’t apply among people who are related. However, we are expected to put on a smiley face and hang out on Christmas.
I have read nearly everything Salvatore has written about Drizzt Do’Urden and his friends. Somehow, I missed reading this trilogy, though. It is possible it was due to one of my low reading stretches. At times, my reading drops, and at times my writing drops. Both of which make me happy, so I have yet to figure out how I drift from them.
I’m sitting on a couch in the restaurant, waiting for Roger and Guy Kebble to meet me. It’s two weeks since Glenn Agliotti was acquitted of Brett’s murder and they have agreed to “spew their poison”.... more here
One PK volunteer wasn’t so sure about Promise Keepers’ return to all-out ministry to men. He came to the Orlando conference almost on a dare. Afterward he said, “I’m back in, because you’re back.”
76. Steve's safe trip to and from Whistler over the weekend
She is excited about going back to school, which is great. There's an open house for an hour on the 22nd and then school starts on the 25th. Lots of things will be the same for Sweet Pea at school this year. She'll be going at the same time of day as last year, five days per week like last year, in the same classroom, with one of the same teachers, and some of the same kids. Some of the other kindergarten-aged kids from last year left to begin attending public schools this year, but Sweet Pea will be one of at least four returning kindergarteners in her classroom. Her two best friends from last year will not be returning - the older one is moving up to the 6-9 year-old room and the younger one will be attending in the morning this year. However, I think this is good for Sweet Pea, especially since some of the other kids will be returning, and there were two in particular she wanted to get to know better. And honestly, while Sweet Pea's 6 1/2-year-old friend is a sweet child, I am glad they will be separated, because the older girl was very bossy and Sweet Pea was her personal little sheep as far as I could tell. I hope that this year Sweet Pea will have more confidence and be more assertive and outgoing and less whispery.
No, I'm blogging today because it's about 1:30, and I'm already out of applicative backward options.
Anyways, as we had the day off yesterday and the weather was warm, we went to a 藤まつり (Wisteria Flower Festival) not far from the Tokyo Sky Tree.
Here's where my mom failure, is going to help us out. Several times I missed getting Miss K here afternoon pill to her on time, so we skipped it on those days and went without. I thought badly of myself at the time, but now it those pills are going to come in handy. But it shouldn't be that way.
A review and self-critique by the DNFSB of its history and policies as well as a statement of why it rejects NRC environmental oversight of DOE weapons production facilities.
what impact have i made by doing that??
So, which do I suggest, sharpening before or after use? I do both, especially for my lip liner pencils. And I clean off the shaved parts from the sharpener with a bent paperclip, a tissue and creamy makeup remover.
To improve the life of our family members I would offer a set amount for each sibling to allow them to own a home and/or start a business endeavour, and for each parent and/or aunt and uncle to allowi them to live comfortably and without financial worry in retirement.
SAYING his precious wonderful name is not necessary.
For how embarrassing it would be if the preadolescent’s gushings included a poem, dated April 20, influenced by the panegyric style of such Hitler Youth bards as Menzel, Baumann, or von Schirarch and celebrating the Fuhrer in hymn-like terms reflecting the young poet’s unbending faith… Or if some racist claptrap had found its way into a passage in my first novel at the expense of the poor Kashubians: A long-faced knight beheads round-faced Slavs by the dozen.
Oh and Dave wants to give a huge shout out and send his love to Penni and RFR! He is really jazzed to hear about how many of us are juice
As others saw — I could not bring
At the end of the day the President made his decision. Yes, he placed the tactical decisions in the hands of his Admiral, much like the executive places the responsibility to execute business decisions in their managers hands. It's just the way it works.
This Saturday, I am hosting our local sweepers meetings and I'm not really into it. The person that was going to co-host isn't able to be there, which I can understand things come up, but it would have been nice to have hear it from that person, instead of someone else. I'm getting a vibe from the group, that it's not the same, and I haven't seen certain people in months if not a year. I am also still nursing a personal grudge against something/someone from last year, and it's not making it any easier for me being there. So after this month, I may leave and look for somewhere else to share my hobby with, or maybe start a new hobby. Who knows?
Harry Bell Although I've been interested in it for years, I've never used collage as a complete medium. One of my early heroes was Max Ernst who always maintained that he never knew what he was going to produce when he started to work. I'd love to learn to really embrace that uncertainty. But if I had to choose something more radical, then it would be electronic music, mashups, ambient, sound collage, that kind of thing.
The Leh Ladakh Tour is for those who want to be in the lap of nature and get the ecstasy of being nature’s guests. Those who can trek and knows the value of trekking must be aware of the fact that nature can be adverse and one needs to be prepared for it here. The glaciers and the snow along with the serene monasteries make you visit the land of God in India. So come and book this India trekking tour to make the best voyage to the lap of nature.
Visit thier website to see all thier different styles/designs, and you might wanna be smart and order ahead for Christmas!!www.zipzshoes.com
German postcard by Burda Fernsehen Starpostkarte. Publicity still for Der Kommissar/The Commissioner (1969–1976). Caption: 'Fritz Wepper - Bambi award winner 1970'.
Now, I ask you, where is the harm in all of this?
Friday night was planned.
Nevertheless, there appears to be something present there. Visitors, passers by and paranormal investigators have reported voices, lights and the sounds of children playing. Investigators say there is an enormous amount of paranormal energy. One interesting detail is that there is absolutely no graffiti anywhere on the premises. The taggers don’t go there.
This week, forensic scientist and author Lisa Black answers a question we have all asked ourselves: why are there so many people in uniforms just standing around at any crime scene or accident?
Spice was the one that ended up making their arrival on the farm so exciting. She was the first one off the truck and the one that proceeded to hop over the electric fence and start running amuck in the neighborhood. For more info on that, click here. She did not adjust to the new surroundings as quickly as the other two, and therefore had to stay on her tether the longest. However recently she has come around and will come right up to us for treats.
Welcome to our Special Monthly Challenge with the theme of Anything Goes along with the option of Happy New Year and/or use something new on your project.
SANTORUM: Does everybody in Massachusetts have a requirement to buy health care?
We're also gonna interview the woman who owns the cottage we'll be staying at/shooting.
Also, there were a couple of very complicated trap areas that were hard to comprehend as written and really needed a much better diagram of how things worked. The maps in the module were not sufficient in this regard. I ended up guessing and improvising much of the details and probably made the traps easier to deal with than they should have been.
My desire to finally get back in the kitchen was greatly influenced by the arrival of the latest issue of Clean Eating Magazine. I can’t get enough of this magazine. I’ve said it before and I will say it again – I seriously love it! The latest issue is chock full of recipes I can’t wait to try (many of them are listed as $2 per serving!), but this one jumped out at me immediately. The flavors sounded perfect, and I knew my husband would love them. Already having the ingredients in stock also helped to make it attractive (getting to the grocery store is somewhat more challenging these days).
Mr van Zyl has laid charges at Bramley police station under case no 215/10/2011
Finally, on Monday we will have a visit from the fabulous author/illustrator Lisa Thiesing! Because I know people in high places (that would be me) I have already read her interview, and I can assure you it is really good!!! So I hope you'll all flock over here first thing Monday morning and show her some much-deserved love! :)
Sleeping until 2 p.m.
Answers on a postcard please! lol
Just leave a comment below telling me the best zombie book you've read this year, or want to read! Contest ends 5/25 so be sure to comment before than!
I had a little help from an elf, who decided to take a nap in the middle of all the hustle and bustle. (Which was just fine by me...) So... Here is the tutorial... Enjoy!
Climbing the staircase next to the wall of cigarettes, the visitor is confronted with cabinets full of beautifully displayed curiosities. All of them were collected by Kemal (or was it Orhan?) in worship of Füsun. Every cabinet corresponds to a chapter of the book. One immediately gets drawn in and starts looking for meaning. The yellow shoe of Füsun, a doll, her dress, many different bottles of cologne, all the pictures… This is a monument to Füsun, and through her, to love. Or? ‘Our daily lives are honorable,’ says Pamuk. ‘Their objects are worthy of being preserved. Later these will seem interesting. That is the role of literature: to make normal things seem strange.’ Pamuk stresses one doesn’t need to have read the book to enjoy the place. He wants us to let our minds wander and discover the museum’s own narrative.
Saturday afternoon I went over to feed the bees. I spied something unusual in a tree overhead the hive. Yup, it was that SOMEthing you see in the picture above.
Notice the neck and the top area with the tuning pegs. These are not colored a flat color, even though the light would hit those surfaces uniformly. By giving them slight color variation (lighter in the middle) it helps to add to the shine/dimensionality. The texture on the main body of the guitar was made with a colorless blender. This created the splotchy blended/washed out look you see.
45 can
I salute the rank-and-file members of the ANC: You have sacrificed life and limb in the pursuit of the noble cause of our struggle.
And that was a moment for me. (Namiss ka raw nila.) (“They missed you.”)
Choosing to be thankful doesn’t mean that I ignore the circumstances above. In fact, I would say the opposite. In naming the circumstances and disappointments which lead me to discontent, I can then look to what is good. I can see both and know where my hope lies.
And I don’t think I’m the only one feeling like this. Several of my friends have hit a “Quarter-Life Crisis,” if you will, where they feel like they need to be doing something great but just don’t know what. Is society to blame for this in some way? Have young people just been conditioned to feel like they need to have changed the world before the hit 35? Or is youth really about attempting the impossible? I’m not even sure anymore. In any case, when I was feeling my lowest, I saw this comic -
When I was eleven, I saw Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade for the first time. I loved it. The adventure, the history, the mysteries…. At the same time, I was learning about ancient world history in my social studies class, and I was enamored. So it was decided. Save the fact that Indy puts himself in life-or-death situations, save the fact that he knows how to read hieroglyphics, save the fact that he knows everything about EVERYTHING, when I grew up, I was going to be Indiana Jones.
Could you imagine this being your child? The fact that these parents have made a bucket list for their daughter and are doing everything in their power to enjoy every moment they have with their beautiful little girl before she dies is absolutely amazing. Please help spread the word and get the facts about SMA. Anyone who is pregnant or trying to conceive should talk to their doctor about SMA. Follow Avery’s blog and bucket list at Avery’s Bucket List.
7. Add the tortellini, cover, and simmer until the tortellini is done, about 15 minutes.
Okay, so they’re not the best animal in the world, they’re kind of expensive and they’re relatively small, but for a source of meat that is sustainable and easy to get hold of, they are very hard to beat. I went with Californian and Silver Fox (and crosses) rabbit breeds. They are large and will produce the most meat for your time and money.
The artwork can be quite effective, particularly in relating emotion and mood. Boys and girls both tend to look a bit on the effeminate side, but the emotion that can be conveyed with just pictures is truly amazing and frequently effective. The author's style changed over the course of the manga to smoother faces and blanker looking eyes. I'm not sure that I didn't like the earlier style better, but that's probably a personal preference.
In the UK it may be seen around 915pm - 10pm.
- Pricey. At $199, this thing better make me run faster and longer, as well as making my hair shiny and teeth whiter. Just kidding. I think it’s a good product and worth the money… I’m just not sure I would’ve gotten it had I not had REI dividends to spend.
These slogans jump out at me as I browse the local paper over a cup of tea. Schools advertising for students, public as well as private.
Regarding “Why can’t we say ‘Christmas’?” (Your Views, Dec. 25):
All buildings and equipment used by the business to demonstrate that they meet the above criteria. As well as that, buildings need to provide living spaces that enhance resident health by eliminating toxic materials and increasing the quality of air, through proper ventilation. With new buildings, the materials used should meet the latest sustainable environmental building standards – see for example: http://www.breeam.org/
Micha didn’t have time to argue since the stampeding girls were close on their heels and taking pictures of them in their flight. “What are you doing here?” Micha asked as he dragged her toward the side exit.
"Oh Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling
From the opening of backstory text floating through the mist to the satisfying, well-earned bang of a conclusion, I never sat still. I went from bouncing in my seat (yeah...) to grinning so wide I was afraid my face would fall off, to then either 1) leaning forward almost out of my seat, hands cupping my face with a look of deep concentration, 2) grabbing my hair at the roots and holding my head in moments of severe intensity, 3) eyes open super wide, mouth open, breath taken in awe of the beauty of Caledonia, 4) one of the above listed expressions/actions while exhaling really hard and whispering, Wow or Oh, MAN! Or else, I was doing something else super whacky that might just confirm the fact that I'm bonkers.
Select outdoor toys
Homicide deputies in Lake Wales arrested Christopher Chase Whaley, 23, on Sunday, and charged him with First Degree Murder in the stabbing death of his 69-year-old grandmother, Barbara Denmark, according to a news release from the Polk County Sheriff’s Office.
Blessings!!!! Can't wait to see what this year has in store for all of us!!!
14. I Didn't Say I Was Powerful, I Said I Was A Wizard (Acoustic)
(I couldn't find any photos of us when we had the skillet bread....but you can see the Monkey Bread (aka Pluck Cake aka Pull Aparts) that I had made when they were home.
Our readers are reminded that the information posted on this blog, such the one in this report, are heavily censored, blocked, or buried (hidden) by Google, Inc., thus denying the people the ability to make informed decisions concerning their travel plans, activities, lifestyles and so on.
I was in Target, shopping for something else. So I was coming from the back of the store. That means that when I turn into the card aisle, I can't see whether anyone is standing there. However, I can SENSE whether someone is standing there. How pathetic have I become? I actually know whether people are shopping for cards before I can see them.
MY SISTER, LANAE, and her husband, Dale, were giddy as two kids in a candy store when Dale walked in with the net bag plumped with a dozen morels.
Dr. Cox: You're black? Because last I checked, you had a nerdy, white best friend, you enjoy Neil Diamond and you damn sure act like a black guy, and these, my friend, are all characteristics of white guys. Please understand, I'm a big supporter of the NAACP, and if you don't know that stands for, it is the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. And quite frankly, I always thought they should change the "Colored People" to "African Americans" but then, of course, it wouldn't be the NAACP. It would be the N-Quad-A, or NAAAA, and I know this probably sounds like a digression, but it actually leads me back to my original point. Do I think you're black? NAAAAAAHH!
make every being laugh,
In this context it is quite extraordinary to reveal that Dr. Simon X, a musicologist from Leeds University, has found indisputable evidence that Tatlin’s Tower was translated into a series of Indian ragas. Whilst vacationing in Tamil Nadu in 1974 – and suffering from a stomach bug due to questionable local hygiene – Dr. X found that the nightly concerts he and his wife had been attending were actually musicalized versions of the mathematics found inside Tatlin’s Tower. He didn’t know if the musicians had planned this.
I know I've been MIA. I have a good reason though. I've been working on a manuscript for a book that will be coming out next year. If you want more information on it, sign up for my newsletter. Scroll down my blog a bit and on the left, you'll see a blue box that reads Get News and Book Updates from Dawn. Fill in your email address and you'll get my newsletter.
Continuing the theme of the longer walk, my husband and I set out to walk to Stisted, a nearby village. First we walked along the River Blackwater to Dick Nunn's Bridge. This was, until recently, the turning point on our longest walk.
Nothing horrifying has ever happened to me, but I did embarrass myself big time with Richard Price. I am a huge fan of his and have read everything he’s written. When he visited Powell’s, I wasn’t doing my blog yet and was just there as a fan. He seemed very nervous while he was reading. His knuckles were white where they grasped the lectern. He wasn’t happy with some of the audience questions about his books being made into movies either. I should have picked up on all this, but unfortunately I was too excited about meeting him to notice, except in retrospect. When I got to the signing table, he asked me a question, which I thought for some insane reason was, “Are you a writer?” I was like, Wow! He wants to talk about life and the world of writing, so I started rambling. At one point I even said, “I’m a writer and I’m working on a novel but it’s not going very well.” When I finally checked back into reality, I realized he was looking at me with what can only be described as supreme pity and then he said rather curtly, “Could you please just tell me what you want me to write in your book.” All he had wanted was my name so he could inscribe my book. He wrote something and I ran. Later, I saw he had written, “To Diane, You will find a writing job.” If I ever have the chance to
The Beholder had written a checklist:
1/2 cup canola oil
So here are my plans –
You guys will be missing so much. The Pizzeria & Public House is poised to kick ass in 2011, and it’s been a while since I’ve been this excited by the prospects, both aesthetic and commercial. It is unspeakably sad that there’ll be some absences during this wonderful time.
Comment from the ISPs seems limited with Randal S.Milch, executive vice president and general counsel of Verizon saying “This is a sensible approach to the problem of online-content theft and, importantly, one that respects the privacy and rights of our subscribers”
It doesn't mater what you do
“So...” Taylor said, screeching out of the parking lot and heading toward downtown Pangea Bay. “...let’s hear it.”
This is a severe setback for America’s policy of allowing free speech, a policy that has made our country perhaps the freest place in the world to utter unpopular views.
2. Don't take it personal, because it's not. My son spends hours a day keeping it together at school, and when he comes home he is exhausted from keeping it "in check" for so long. Whereas his friends may judge him for acting "weird" or getting upset, he knows I will not judge him. I will not leave him, and because of that, their is a safety in being able to let it out at home....he just has a hard time in figuring out how to express those emotions vocally.
If you are heading outdoors to the nature parks and any outdoor settings – check the weather forecast before you leave. For Singapore weather forecast, check out NEA Website. Another alternative – Wunderground.
Asha ran in the room and immediately started playing with the toys. The window by Asha's head is actually a two-way mirror so you can observe your child screaming..."NO!" at another adult besides yourself. It's like a gift to the parents.
of the counter was a small
BLITZER: We have a question. I want to speaker to weigh in as well.
This is one of the pages I created to go with the my kit - Embrace Life!! This picture if of my boys on the beach in Galveston. We went walking on our last night and the boys had fun playing int he sand, finding sand castles, chasing the birds, playing with a kite, and getting their feet wet. So cute!! I loved the fun colors and layers I used to create this page. It came from some wonderful Bo Bunny and American Crafts papers, with the fun little extra bits an bobs added in there too!!
1 hard cooked egg, quartered and sliced
Tomorrow will be a new day. A new gallon of water to consume. A fresh slate. And maybe tomorrow, my phone will ring with a job offer.
Here's a sneak peek of a new set coming out next Tuesday in a Blog Hop. Mark's Finest Papers - A Heinrich Co. has four new ones like this one, Oopsy Daisy. Be sure to be here to see my samples.
- 2 Tbl. vegetable oil
9 Brasil
Sorry for the slightly messy fingers.. guess who spilt their nail varnish remover this morning? *sigh*
I went out to dinner with Cavanaugh again last night, this time to Terra Plata on Capitol Hill. I'm going to continue going out to eat with Cavanaugh because he really knows his food, and makes me try stuff I don't want to eat, such as crispy fried Brussels sprouts with maple and rosemary. I hate Brussels sprouts but I'll be damned if Cavanaugh wasn't right again -- they were nasty veggie divine.
Jack Klugman, as Oscar, said to him "Hi, Dick!"
I’m writing today’s post to bring attention to SUDEP and to urge everyone affected by epilepsy, whether you yourself have the condition or a family member has it, to find out more about SUDEP and understand the risk factors involved. When I read the book Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy: continuing the global conversation, available as a free download from the SUDEP Aware website, I am struck by the awful tragedy of every young life lost and profiled in the pages of this book, and the striking similarity of so many of the stories.
You may have noticed my little one-person blogging crusade to try and let the world know that English food isn't all bad. Now I have been vindicated. (Even if the awards were hosted by a British magazine, pah, so what, no one complained when Thomas Keller won). I visited England recently and did some pretty good dining out. I bought back some English fare to share with quite a few of my San Francisco blogging friends. Check out one new blogger who really embraced their gift, Alice. She created a fabulous feast using the Jules & Sharpie hot apple and sage jelly I gave her. Wow!
His is an infrastructure of nearly uninhibited movement within the material structure of the building.
For the pilgrims of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, of that first Thanksgiving in the year of our Lord 1621, the beauty of the world was found in its bounty. They could hear the author of the Old Testament Book of Deuteronomy say, “The Lord, your God, is bringing you into a good country, a land with streams of water, with springs and fountains welling up in the hills and valleys, a land of wheat and barley, of vine and fig trees.”
don – wellness coach
Then we bought a Honda 2000 generator about a year ago and all our old annoyances are gone. On our last hurricane season, we spent weeks floating around in our favorite anchorages and never had to move. When the batteries got low, we just fired up the Honda and let it run for 8 hours. A chief benefit of this was that we no longer were putting hours on the boat's engines - a plus for resale value. We also saved on fuel costs since the Honda takes 1 gallon of gas per 8 hours use, which tops off our battery bank. Yeah! Movie night? No worries. Blender party? Come on over. And best of all - that generator is ours and we are free to sell it or take it with us when we sell the boat. No more money sunk into the bottomless pit of a boat. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah!!!
The four beers in the twelve-pack are a Special Ale, Tripel Horse Belgian tripel, the aforementioned Hop Hazard and River Horse Lager. Each was given an interrogation by Officer Taste Bud, whose office is in my mouth. I apologize for that last sentence for several reasons.
For those into WWII nostalgia there are also well-known battles, i.e. Wake Island, Tarawa and Truk Lagoon, where most of the Japanese Imperial fleet was wiped out—60 ships and 275 airplanes. Case has also provided an insight into the gruesomeness of war in some tense scenes where men are shot down, blown apart, and drowned mercilessly in the fray, and in the end Jack risks his life to save his lover.
It's understood that adults will have different interests based on their own personal tastes and preferences, and those different interests are generally at least marginally respected (while an interest in comic books might not be respected overly much, it's probably unlikely someone will be told to their face they should be reading classic lit instead), yet most often children get very different treatment. Like ideas on the necessity of Shakespeare, many parents think that their list of things that have been most enriching in their lives will also prove the most enriching to their children, if only they teach them about it.
Sentiment is two stamps from one of my favourite crafts shops which also just happens to be a few minutes from me Imagine That
Pratyush: – Chalo I will get you a taxi and then we will meet in the evening.
Chiaroscuro. Lightdark. Marissa again, overexposed. Crash and burn.
I'm listening...
By applying weight lifting, one will build strong muscles as well as resist body fat. Doing squats, dumbbell rows and chest presses will strengthen the muscles and make them tighter.
Not too long ago I went to a meeting. I don't want to go into great detail about the meeting because, well, it's not the thing to do on my blog. I can tell you that the attitude given about the poor rubbed me the wrong way. Want to know what rubbed me really wrong? When, after being told that my children would continue to be homeschooled no matter how good the schools are here and that we were willing to make pretty big sacrifices to do so, the person I was talking to looked at me and said, "You just seem so smart."
is as soft and yielding as water.
I admit it, “Jalebi Bai,” of Double Dhamaal, is a song I sing along to. Mallika Sherawat looks great in the video and the wardrobe is stunning. Those are probably the two factors that drew me in and then the song would get stuck in my head.
For the first time, Jillian properly surveyed the cavern. She drew in a sharp breath.
George Burgess is leading research teams focused on the distribution and movements of sawfish. He is the director of the Florida Program for Shark Research and curates the International Shark Attack File and the National Sawfish Encounter Database.
For at Bucephalas’ side I remain
The bride and groom-to-be live in Hawaii so the mother of the bride hired local wedding planner Debra Michelle Hiebert to put all the parts together and to implement a whole host of surprises for her daughter starting with lighting elements that resemble the couple’s tattoos.
Compilation by: SHINee Forums International (shineee.net)
I headed home with Krylon spray paint in Ocean Breeze and my new fabric. I started out spray painting the chair but that was an epic fail. The paint came out sputtering, splatting and in a very uneven pattern. After I gave it 100% attempt at making it work, I decided that I hated the color and I wanted something more muted. After digging around in my shed, I found the perfect shade in the blue family.
Before an attentive, generous audience of some 200 British, American and Australian expats in Paris (plus a handful of indulgent French) - and in a room of the Embassy that re-defined the meaning of the word "sumptuous" - the panel members (yours truly included) yammered on for an hour or so about French stereotypes, the worldwide fascination with France and the state of the French food industry.
hammering away at our ribs. But to walk inside it– to become
I always ending up wanting to try one little bite of everything and then end up with a bowl of random flavors that don’t meld well together (chocolate, original tart, cake batter, and cookies and cream??) Oh well…I will figure it out one of these days! For now, I just have to try to keep the flavors as separate as possible.
And, that all goes along with my thoughts I was thinking today, I am having a hard time getting motivated about taking pictures of flowers. The last two springs I took thousands of photos of flowers, and while the flowers this year are very good, they pale in comparison to the displays the trees and bushes put on in previous years.
We were given a picture of a polar bear to help us solve the mystery this week. Not the picture above but I thought it was too cute to miss!
Although Schumpeter’s work was clearly framed to address the unfolding nature of economic systems, policymakers and development thinkers in developing countries are only starting to be exposed to his seminal thinking. Many of these countries now embrace the idea of innovation in economic development without recognizing that they are furthering the legacy of Schumpeter.
Ad Age: What effect will this have, if any, on other video game development, especially the very popular series with mass audiences?
The Matte Eye Shadow Collection is a fabulous addition to the Too Faced line of brilliantly priced, coordinating eye shadow sets. In this collection you will receive NINE shadows as well as three cards to help you create "the look". The shadows in this palette are ridiculously soft and blendable for mattes and are very nicely pigmented. I had such an easy time with application and little to no fall out, so it would be totally safe to apply after your foundation and powder.
Products or Facials?
The main persons in the book is David, Ella, Socrates and Steve.
We have an agreed contract with most of the big publishers, but this deal is our first with this house so it takes a while to get it hammered out. A key part of our job is converting a publisher-friendly contract into an author-friendly contract. A contract has a long life, so it’s important it’s negotiated well and carefully.
I'll go back to reclusion. Politics has become an odd religion to many, and often people bring their religion into it. Left, right, and who knows. You tell me Chris Matthews does not have the same awe and worship of Obama as any Christian has of Jesus. So his religion is government as it now exists, while many want to bring in Christianity, Islam, you name it.
-The plastic bag is full of odd socks, my girls were suppose to go through. Which I am just going to throw in the garbage soon.
Our DNA equally has a starting point from birth of vibrational output. When we (or as small children, our parents) start placing fear in our lives, our DNA vibration slows down. We get sick, mentnally, physically or both. I was blessed with both by the time I reached adulthood!
*the smell of cinnamon spice coffee
Eddie Cox - Guitar Kelvin Blacklock - Vocals Steve Turner - Bass Rat Scabies (Chris Millar) - Drums
Chanel Teint Innocence Compact Makeup ($70)
But there is that subtextual fear of aging working strange magic: the smearing the lens with Vaseline and deep color washing makes all the girl's faces glow in an airbrushed blur that lights them up in the dark. It can only be some stipulation in the Cox contract, but the message is clear - no one knows the difference between movie and real life anymore, even inside the movie itself, and the high color style gloss underwrites a miraculous disconnect that helps people hide from their own aging or sense of self-preservation. They even cheer bloody movies based on their own future deaths; like a man cheerfully devouring his own foot and working his way along the digestive ouroboros centipede until all that's left is a desert snifter of credits and theme crunk.
2.lost in reality
Again, it took FOREVER at the check-out. I bet the people behind us weren't pleased. Oh well. When Jimmy finally got to pay, they said that his toy had been recalled, and he needed to get something else. Are you kidding me??? Do you know how long it took me to convince the kid to get that??? Sigh. We sent Jake back to get Spiderman of the same toy, and had to re-wait in line again. When we finally all got to the truck, Jake realized that he's left his stuff sitting on the quarter machines, so had to run back in. We were late for the pool, needless to say - hehehe.
But even where faith has faded, the imagery of magic remains. For so broad and basic are its points of reference that it is difficult to avoid them in human intercourse. The language of magic is truly the universal tongue.
Have you ever heard the statistic that most accidents at home occur in the bathroom? I doubted that fact… until early this morning. Yup. My back is KILLING me. The plan WAS to bike to the wing festival downtown. Plans have changed. I doubt I can even get on the bicycle now. I was hurting so bad I didn’t bike to work today. Ouch. You may see me at the wings festival tomorrow riding a scooter. Really.
Generally, I love rainy days, especially in October. Moody weather in October is perfect for sparking the Halloween spirit. However, on the weekends, I prefer sunny weather to get out with the family and enjoy the autumn atmosphere. Our weekend plans were to go apple picking and to visit Castle in the Clouds in Moultonborough, NH, but with continual rain, I did not feel like going mucking around in mud to pick apples. I love the outdoors, but am not a dirty outdoors kind of girl. Change of plans and it was to Boston we went instead! This is exactly why I wanted to move near Boston - so that during inclement weather, particuarly in the winter, we would have a big city near us and would have easy access to museums.
I'm not entirely done with this blog. There are some milestones I haven't reached yet, and when I do, those observations really belong here. But there won't be very many more posts here in the future. This is not goodbye, but it is a transition.
SS: But we’re all women and there’s the question of families.
“For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ. And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light. Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness.”
Stanford University’s 2009 study of charter schools found that “17 percent of charter schools reported academic gains that were significantly better than traditional public schools, while 37 percent of charter schools showed gains that were worse than their traditional public school counterparts, with 46 percent of charter schools demonstrating no significant difference.” In other words, all other things being equal, if we were to replace every public school with a charter school, academic gains would decline by as much as 20%.
How you actually do the plan is a matter of personal preference; it may take a while to figure out what works best for you. You might start with a mind-map, to get all your main ideas down, then group ideas into sections and start fleshing out the details. Or you could start with the conclusion – once you know where you’re going, it’s easier to write your way there!
I was very moved by the beautiful singing in the church. Both Fr Francis Tran and the Seminarian, Mr Stephen Varney, were singing Mass. Both have such beautiful voices! The church choir sang very well too. Stephen was given the homily that morning. He pointed out that for some people the Priesthood can offer a fulfilling way of life. They may think that it might be too hard to stick to being a priest. Even though for most people it is right to get married, you may think about it that it is also often not easy to stick to being husband and wife. It all depends on what God wants you to do, doesn’t it?
The drive back was quite relaxing. I had charged up my ipod and listened to that most of the day. I thought of people that don't think of me and it hurt a little. Reflection like this for me is necessary and keeps me grounded but it also made me face some painful realities. I was able to cruise back at high speeds most of the way too except for a couple of windy roads with caravans being towed. They took ever longer when I'm busting for a wee and contemplating which bush will give my ass coverage from both directions and if a brown snake would bite me in the 5 seconds that I'm squatting on their land!
What you see if you go to buy a haggis in a shop is not particularly cuddly, it’s basically a mottled-brown ball.
PS – I never ceased to be amazed at all the insightful people out there.
*If you don't have pumpkin seeds on hand to turn into a fine powder with your food processor, feel free to use pistachio or opt for hemp protein powder instead.
Attorneys at Law
In short, despite nearly $800 million in government subsidies, the company had no incentive to invest in CCS.
To be honest, I think neutrals can be a little trickier to pull off than bold colors. So much of getting it right has to do with textures and layering--and choosing great accessories. If done right, you see a really beautiful room as a whole instead of one big "wow" factor.
To all you lovely people following me
2.You can submit any recipes starting from starters,main course,soup ,salads,juices,smoothies but no deep frying please.
Compania Cervecera Del Sur Del Peru S.A. (Cervesur) Cusquena Premium Peruvian Beer
Meanwhile, the Yetis of Kyrgyzstan embarked on a long shamble through the institutions of Soviet power. Their position was strengthened during the Great Purges of the 1930s - not through collaboration with Stalin and his henchmen, but because Russian-made bullets merely bounced off the back of their heads. Uncle Joe admired that, and promoted Yetis to all major party and government posts in the republic.
I had this unfortunate decision to make just over a year ago. You may all well remember this time last year Beer Ritz closed it's doors for just over a week. It has to be said that it was a bit of a miracle ( - extreme hard work by Zak and Karen) that it reopened, because we were pretty confident that we had about a 25% chance of it ever opening again.
Have you learnt something new lately?
A couple of weeks ago I found a simple sourdough recipe in an old library book. I tested it out a few days ago and was blown away by how tasty it was. It had an excellent chewy texture and crust.
Oldspeak:“Money As Debt” “One of the characteristics of the new social contract ushered in by both George W. Bush and Barack Obama is the increasing power of creditors to govern outright, from tax farming by banks to the use of credit checks to access employment opportunities. There are now thousands of people legally jailed because they aren’t paying their bills, ie. debtor’s prisons have returned. Occasionally elites let it slip that this is not an accident, but is their goal – former Comptroller General David Walker has wistfully pined for debtor’s prisons” -Matt Stoller. “A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit. Our system of credit is privately concentrated. The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men who, even if their action be honest and intended for the public interest, are necessarily concentrated upon the great undertakings in which their own money is involved and who necessarily, by very reason of their own limitations, chill and check and destroy genuine economic freedom. This is the greatest question of all, and to this statesmen must address themselves with an earnest determination to serve the long future and the true liberties of men -U.S. President Woodrow Wilson
In a medium bowl whisk the cream until thick.
There you have it. This will be a regular feature which I'm sure you will all support. So, without further ado.....
I live by these standards. Just because something may seem impossible for me, I will still spread my wings and try...putting my trust in God alone. He will make a way where there is no way. I know for certain I am not worthy of His perfectness...but He has made me worthy of His love, mercy and grace. I know for certain that He bestows love and goodness only. I know for certain that He directs our paths and makes all things good. When I feel that tug or pull on my heart that I need to attempt something, try something that seems impossible but needed...I will spread my wings and try because I know WITH GOD ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE!!!
Thank you for praying for my dad. Still no official diagnosis. He is still in the hospital, and prayers are still appreciated.
Inside Bryant Park
I hope to be on more regularly and post some more uplifting topics later this week.
For more about my training over this break I have enjoyed spending some great time back out on the bike. Staying down at my Dad's farm and spending many hours in the rolling hills inland have been a great way to train but also freshen up. The other ergo sessions have been nothing like the hour test but very much targeted to ensure when we start back in a couple of days I will be ready to go.
Also, you may want to check out www.sparklebox.co.uk as I put in a suggestion to their site a wee while ago to ask them to make individual word of the day booklets (just like their phonic booklets) and they have listened! They have made about 4 word booklets so far, and the activities compliment my own word of the day sheets perfectly, I would probably use them for homework or independent consolidation.
It lies beyond time, in eternity.
2. Copies of Any Legal or Vehicle Documentation
4.- The Tonedeff/Logic Project - Produced by Logic
Either way, expect a full report on the Fyne Fest once I return.
The Naked Tourist ~ by Lawrence Osborne (New Guinea)
Someone sent this to my husband - too funny!
T20Is- 12, Wickets- 15, Avg- 20.60, Best- 3/28
I can't believe how long it's been since I've logged in and posted. Time passes so quickly and we fill our days with so many things. As the semester winds down I am working to get to a simpler life, and schedule.
I was really excited when I opened my packet from Sadie and found the darling vintage birthday card, lace, ribbons, fabric, buttons, and a few other embellishments (not in the photo). Now the challenge begins...let's see what I can come up with. I'll post on June 1st.
SISSY SPACEK (CRIMES OF THE HEART)
Our first Q is less well-known as Major Geoffrey Boothroyd. (The only time we ever hear his name in the James Bond movies is in The Spy Who Loved Me, when he holds a door open for Agent Anya Amasova, and she thanks him by name.) Q's first appearance was in From Russia With Love, when M informs Bond during his briefing that "Q branch has been working on something special for you." In walks our man, looking pretty young and spry back then, played by actor Desmond Llewellyn. He's got with him a briefcase that has trick catches that, if not opened properly, causes an explosive to go off; contains a rifle that's nicely broken down into a bunch of small pieces (this was 1962, well before X-ray machines at airports!); and fifty gold sovereigns. There had been a character in Dr. No simply referred to as "the armorer", who relieved Bond of his Baretta pistol (derisively calling it a fine gun "for a lady's handbag") and giving him his trademark Walther PPK, but the guy we would know as Q didn't come until the second movie.
Once upon a time there was the athlete and the coach - period. A very simple dynamic. But today in addition to the coach and the athlete, there are several individuals that exercise some semblance of control over the athlete's career.
I have, in the past, carried a small multi-fuel individual camp stove in the field. When I was serving in SF, I swapped back and forth between the Whisperlight 600 Internationale and the Dragonfly, both from Mountain Safety Research (MSR), because of their ability to run on pretty much any sort of fuel, including aviation fuel and kerosene (both can be much easier to find in many parts of the world than white gas). I've also gone to the field, cooked field rations in a tactical environment, and not had a stove to use. A properly constructed cook fire for an individual or small-unit element does not need to produce a large visual or even thermal signature. I can build a fire that I can cook a one-quart meal on, warm myself, dry clothes, and it will not be visible, even in the dark, at distances greater than
The most disturbing thing is this isn’t a scene from high school. It happened this week. If I, as an empowered, adult, female sex educator still have these thoughts, I can only wince at how the rest of the population fares.
In addition to B2ST‘s Yoseob offering to buy dinner for a few fans, the official rules for the event have now been revealed. A special UCC (User Created Content) event named ‘Be My Partner‘ is being offered by A Cube Entertainment & Mnet.
I quickly became addicted and spent many hours poring over them. They had hundreds of glossy pages, or colour plates as they called them. Back then colour telly was still quite new, newspapers were black and white, the world itself was fairly dull. But these books were vibrant and detailed. I read about the Saxons, how they lived, what they ate, how they ate it. I learnt about the Romans and their underfloor heating, with the help of some of those glossy pictures, each of them beautifully illustrated. Nuclear Power was no longer a mystery thanks to these pages spelling it out for me. There was a even a full colour depiction of the last supper with a key as to who was who.
In the 30s, profits were depressed by weak aggregate demand, something which could be cured. In the 70s, they were depressed by labour militancy, and when this was killed, capitalists’ desire to invest was rekindled.
Meanwhile, Jackson is on a case of his own -- trying to find the birth family of a woman in New Zealand who was adopted at a young age.
In my time I've been to Disneyland and Knotsberry's Farm and ridden on the wildest, scariest, heart stopping, white knuckle rides that these theme parks have to offer. They don't hold a candle to what I experienced today.
Four years ago when we came up with the story, we had planned on the name The Fallen. However, before we could get the book finished, the angel book market exploded and the title was taken, more than once. We struggled for awhile to figure out a name, but as we wrote the book we noticed the theme of dawn coming up over and over again. The back story talks a lot about the aeons or first generation angels and their history. It seemed to just fit that the title should be Dawn of Angels.
And also understand, there are many of you at this juncture, now, who are also clearing for the collective, and who have been more deeply involved in what we would refer to as some of the more dramatic human tragedies. So, each of you bring the uniqueness of who you are, but you are being given this gift. This will continue for about a month. You know that May is the month of the Mother, and this is her gift. And she has already begun.
From: xxx@hotmail.com
The next day we headed over to Universal City to pick up our packets and bibs for the race.
I didn't think it would happen so soon, but I was sure experimenting would be a part of his life. I know I can't hold his hand all of the time and there will be plenty more opportunities where he will have to choose what he is going to do. I have to equip him with education about the dangers of drugs and hope he will make good choices.
1st Sentence: Allison Spooner wanted to leave town for the holiday, but there was nowhere to go.
In Feb 07 I was in a head-on car wreck and took the full impact of the crash with my right foot/leg and back, resulting in nerve damage that has lingered ever since.
If you have a pattern that you really want to use but you're worried it's overpowering things, you can use it as a layer in a stack like the one below (on the right).
Me: Hey, that little story of mine has altered some...... but now I think I can write it.
As previously reported, a Sector Fleet was sent to investigate the disappearance of the Emperor’s personal ship en route from Xagobah to Byss.
Another book down of the Visitation series and yes I know that I have posted one earlier today. It was a slow work day.
All a bit stressful (I just turned 35wks on Tues). So we were given a tour of the special care nursery and I was constantly hooked up to the monitors all through the night till this morning.
Three days ago, a young Emperor Penguin landed on Peka Peka Beach for a rest, a few kilometres from my place, Now, it’s really not surprising that this wee fella wanted to stop fo a rest. After all, he has travelled over 3,200 kilometres from his home in Antarctica. Now, that is a hell of a journey for a 10-month-old.
it doesn’t matter
This mini album is new and was created for this Design Team Call. I made this album for myself. It has 4 love letters that my hubby gave to me one year for Christmas. He tied them up and placed them inside the Christmas tree for me to find. I have always wanted a special place to store them... and now I have. :) This delicate mini was created using Graphic 45's Le' Romantique Collection.
Answer: When people ask me this questions I like to preface it with saying that minimalism is not necessarily for everyone. You can throw out all of your possessions and still lead a very miserable life. Minimalism is a tool that can help people focus on what is important. Its too often in our busy lives we let the important things (i.e., health, relationships, etc.) slip and loose focus. Minimalism can help you gain focus back in your life where you need it most. Plus it helps you to be way more appreciative of the things you do have.
And with that, I am off to eat some of that chocolate. And it won't look pretty, my friends. It won't look pretty.
But I’m jumping ahead of myself, and I would like to clarify that I didn’t start fooling around with Viper until about a month after The Breakup.
There’s no me. (Without You, Jesus) Say Lord I believe
Honorable mentions- Four from Divergent, Hermione Granger from Harry Potter, Peeta from The Hunger Games, President Snow from The Hunger Games, Professor Umbridge from Harry Potter, Professor Snape from Harry Potter, Neville Longbottom from Harry Potter, Mara from The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer, Miss Moore from A Great and Terrible Beauty, Vee from Slide and Delaney from Fracture...too name a few.
If you do – or if you have other plans to boost your learning -
Remember the more you go over your colour the darker it will get, so by the time you finish, the edges of your hat will be black! Do the same to the bottom rim of your hat and finish colouring your image.
If you are a parent with a son or daughter who has transgender issues, whether or not he or she lives under your roof, I advise you read about gender issues from recognized sources of current information. Do not rely on television talk shows or uninformed persons, it is likely their facts are sensationalistic or extremely biased. Instead, seek advice from a gender-specializing counselor or sexologist. If your child has questions, refer him or her to gender-specialized help, also. Additionally, many gay, lesbian youth groups will welcome a transgender child. Even though gender identity and sexual orientation are different, many of the questions and concerns are similar. Finally,. parents can receive support through organizations such as PFLAG, (Parents & Friends of Lesbians & Gays) who also welcome parents of transgender individuals.
There are actually many clues as to who the 24 elders are representing in heaven. Unfortunately, the NWT rendering of “persons” here is not helpful, because in the Greek, the word that appears here is “hemas”, which is the plural possessive pronoun which answers to US or WE. This same pronoun is used twice again in this song in verse ten. Therefore, there can be no doubt according to the Greek, that the 24 elders are representing “holy ones”.
This is a great question for sharing with your children how you cope with life during the test of hard days.
4. Conflict is inevitable in large groups. While it is sometimes possible to get along with people in smaller groups, conflict is inevitable. I'm in some very supportive and wonderful communities where dissatisfaction and conflict is very, very, very far and few between. However, once you start adding more people in those groups, conflicts will arise, and they may be ugly. This can be a great source of distress to some people as balance in attitude and sentiment is really important to some people. You can read up more on balance theory or cognitive dissonance. I admit that I used to find it distressing when people were fighting. Now that I've served on at least 20 boards over 30 some odd organizations, I'm pretty okay with conflict in groups. It will happen, and when it does, I'm not the one who is distressed. I've been told that I have high tolerance for conflict and frustration. Others say it seems like I don't care. It is simply that I view it has part of psychology. Conflict in larger groups will happen, and that doesn't mean that people are right or wrong for it. It just happens. Business should just move on.
But there would be none of it. For across the terrace, black and very large in the mid-day sun stood a bull, eying us suspiciously, steam rising from his thick hide as he took a single step, eying us all the while as he took another, and then he broke into a tidy little trot on his undersized legs down the terrace like a twinkle-toed nightmare deftly hopping the dirt moguls en route to throttling two international interlopers.
One of the perennial questions is ‘How come State projects are almost always overbudget and late?’ That is a truly universal question and the problem, if only the main element is isolated for discussion, is that the parties are too close.
Third surprise: Actually, I made this part up myself. I tossed a few glugs of whole cream over the softening foodstuffs toward the end of the cooking time, covered the pan, and waited for a little magic to happen in the oven.
The restaurant was lovely. It wasn’t anything special, but it was certainly pleasant enough in its own rustic way. It boasted a nice, fairly quiet atmosphere, even though it catered somewhat to families and tourists. Oh, and the waiter; what a handsome specimen of a man he was. Oh yeah, simply delicious…
Long life mil (small packs)
Beth and Lisa
Van Wertheim Dillen PME. Cytomegalovirus infections at risk groups: transmission and pathogenesis. Thesis, University of Amsterdam, 1985.
Huťko's concerns are as follows:
Another sign you might be suffering from FJL Syndrome: a blogger puts up a post complaining about how her Parisian vacation wasn’t quite as relaxing as she had hoped, and a reader calls her on her bullshit by pointing out that lots of people can’t even pay rent right now, let alone go on a fancy vacation. Does the blogger take her head out of her ass, realize that she is lucky to be in the position to take fancy-pants vacations and take the comment in stride? Nope! The commenter is just a fat jealous loser who is pissed they can’t take their own 5-star vacation and decided to take it out on a poor, unsuspecting blogger by pooping in her bloggy punchbowl.
*Offer 20% lower than the asking price. Then, take what they counter-offer.
Mum made her own tomato sauce when we were growing up. Dad always seem to think we were on the cusp of a world shortage, and grew Beefsteak like it was the last vege on earth. Waste was just not acceptable, so like most woman of her generation she preserved, bottled and stored the excess. Except for beans, they were just force feed to five children until we begged for clemency.........I think she finds it funny that what was done then out of necessity is suddenly so cool.
185 – Justin Barnes (Big Country MMA, 1-0) def. John Wilson (Take the Risk MMA, 0-1) via TKO (ground-and-pound) at 1:00 of Round 1.
“Though there were no police on the train, there were many other people and train staff. It even stopped once at Wolli Creek, but nobody helped us!”
9. Over You
But yeah these are the “best” out of the 800+ photos of the day. And yes I know its about quality not quantity but when you are standing around as a photographer at a wedding waiting for something to happen you feel awkward when people look at you and you aren’t taking any photos so I just kept shooting and deleting the naff ones along the way.
Breathe in the fragrance of jasmines richly lacing the air.
back to pictures...
10. DO SOMETHING YOU’VE GIVEN UP — I had not drawn anything in years due to my depression and my rejection from art school. It was hard for me to even show the internet my art work again. But one day I sat down, told myself it’d be good for me and for my grade, and I did it. I drew. And I felt so much better, so much more inspired and talented than I would have if I didn’t draw anything. I think I may even paint again thanks to this project.
I do know how to pay attention, how to fall down
#28. Thankful for Dr. Pepper. Hardly a day goes by that I miss out on one!
When Jesus was born, Herod tried to kill him. When Jesus was baptized and fasted 40 days, Satan came to tempt Him in an effort to derail his destiny. When David had been anointed king over Israel, God’s destiny had been revealed for all to see-even Satan. So, Satan raised up the Philistines to try and kill David’s destiny.
Today we know that UbiSoft is once again showing its support for Nintendo’s next platform. But unlike last generation UbiSoft’s competitors aren’t just going to hand UbiSoft money on a platter. This time THQ has publicly stated they are looking to be the number one third party publisher on the WiiU. UbiSoft carried that distinction last generation and it would appear THQ is putting its money where its mouth is. THQ has at least one exclusive game headed to WiiU expected for the launch window. EAGames who has been UbiSofts rival since the 90′s is also throwing full support Nintendo’s way.
Suavez and Marx are two high school freshmen who have very different backgrounds: Suavez is a Mexican/American charmer, and Marx is a self-absorbed emo kid. The two have been best friends for years, brought together for the passion for movies, TV, and games. Marx even has his own version of Gaming.
Product Code : Champagne (B0135)
I was really surprised with the route The Earth, My Butt and Other Big Round Things took. I've read a few books about being over weight now, and each there are similar themes - comfort eating, remarks from peers, pressure from family. This book has all those elements, plus more. The phone call mentioned in the blurb leads to a huge change for everyone in the family, and it's not directly anything to do with Virginia herself, but it effects her like everyone else.
If public money is being used to subsidise education, then it must grant every young Malaysian access to that money without discrimination.
1. I wanted that fragrance in my bathroom and other places in my home
LATITUDE: 00-39.03N; LONGITUDE: 148-59.82W
Ok a bit of a cheat now, some of the photos I took over the summer (ie: last Monday!!)
3 days after my last final of school.
English cities are being turned into jumbles of buildings without harmony or balance; the buildings being erected have no relation to those around them and are unpleasant muddles. They present a physical expression of the loss of community in the country as a whole. Historic towns by contrast present their variety of styles within a balance and harmony.
For the LORD will not forsake his people;
This is my dad's big old head at the Spice Market in Istanbul. That's his Turkey hat. Everyone thought he was Turkish. Luckily he speaks the language fairly well. Isn't Dad handsome?
Obama’s SSM stance looks to be hurting him with Independents. I’d ignore the Republican less likely / Democrat more likely figures, as those would probably be the same regardless. But the Independent gap is telling.
Let me fully get a firm grasp on our move from Acclaim to Velocity (please, don’t even think or ask me about it – I too have no idea where or what relevance that name has to do with a publishing package). £1299 less £399 gives us £900, the difference between the two packages. For that we get a blog (free with Blogger, Wordpress, Tumblr etc), ten hardback books (at print cost, let’s call that about £60-£70), and ‘advice’ on a PR campaign – not a PR campaign itself. Right, now I really do need to sit down!
The sono gave Baby Robbie a score of 8/8 - fetal movement, respiration, and.... well I can't remember the last one. Growth I think. They say he's weighing 6.09 pounds already. Nothing unusual with size. I've been told all of them are huge. They measure by head size and forget that my husband (and other children) have ENORMOUS heads. lol (As an example, the week before I had the twins I was told they were weighing over 9 pounds each! EEK!! Of course, they were 7lbs 2ozs and 8lbs 2ozs. Still big I suppose, but not THAT huge. lol)
Add about a half cup of flour or so, and gently stir it into the mixture. A soft dough will begin to form. This is good. Add a little more flour until the dough becomes something you can knead. The idea is to have as little flour in the dough as possible, so don't go crazy. Then turn it out onto a (clean) lightly floured surface and give it a quick knead.
Me: Ummm. I’m a Veterinarian.
Weapons in Aikido
Men, If you do something for a woman you are not intimate with already, understand you should do it from the heart with no expectations or simply do not do it at all unless it’s a strictly platonic thing where the woman is either paying you or giving you something of the same value in return.
The best-known practice of May Day celebrations was of course dancing around the Maypole; these markers were originally either phallic symbols or tree-symbols, depending upon which authority one believes. In either case, the dance was originally a public fertility ritual which survived into Christian times (though largely shorn of its fertility associations in the public mind). After the Reformation they were often considered evidence of “idolatry” and heathenism (which, to be fair, they were) and were banned in many Protestant jurisdictions. Maypole ceremonies never caught on widely in the United States, though they did sometimes pop up in school celebrations from time to time and still do, though much more rarely since the 1950s.
Well, until the next food fight.(My next blog, Whoopie Pie Wars, coming soon)
turn off your lights.
The lost souls.
"Tell me, did you sail across the sun? Did you make it to the Milky Way to see the lights all faded, and that heaven is overrated..."
Our time at the lodge was well spent, even though we were only able to stay one night. We walked the beach, stared at the ocean, bird watched, conversed with other guests. Despite my cynicism, which is more driven by my apparent dislike for all-inclusive resorts and being a tourista, I had a great time. Meals were ok, somewhat unsatisfying yet filling; buffet style, a mix between traditional and American cuisine, much like the halfway point restaurant. Some notable highlights include seeing a roseate spoonbill in the canal; Nick took a step further in overcoming his fear of spiders, necessary because the largest we’ve seen yet were everywhere; Nick and I befriended a sweet roaming dog; and I saw a toucan! The ride back home felt longer; we were exhausted and probably overstimulated from our packed 10 days with Jerry and Gail, but boy those mountains are beautiful. – Jes
In an earlier blog post, I discussed the sources of drinking water and their availability. The sources are surface water, groundwater under the direct influence of surface water and groundwater. Today, I would like to talk more in depth about groundwater.
I had a chocolate craving episode for a week but it didnt last. So I am very pleased with that too.
On a visit to India, Fr. George met the Bengali saint Anandamayi Ma. She is said to have instructed him to remain in the Christian religion and continue his Christian practices. This is the usual advice given to foreign seekers by Hindu gurus. In spite of their spiritual enlightenment, most gurus are grossly ignorant of Christianity’s ideology and militant prayers for triumph over the Indian heathen. They advise their foreign disciples to remain in the religion of their forefathers without realizing the consequences of their thoughtless, irresponsible words.
2 extinct
This is my second card for this week.
Recent successful social platforms make their experience about the users and the ecosystem, they don’t make it about themselves. Google can learn from that and think small.
April 30
from out my hand into your mind,
Hence the visit by two men who appear to be from the armed services, one of whom Laura knows “from John’s 30th,” the other from “earlier in the day” when she was waiting at the port for her husband to come home.
When enough anger and hatred has accumulated inside of you, it will rupture through your pathetic sense of integrity and start spewing outwardly as if you are some sort of rage sprinkler, spraying your putrid hate all over anything that comes near you.
- We actually just finished tracking for it last week. We recorded with J. Robbins in Baltimore MD which was really great. It's for a full length that should be out sometime before September on No Idea. I think the songs are rad and I'm really excited for it to be out, its been a while since we put out a full length record.
sand
02:21AM.
I don't say all of this to compare problems, struggles, or pain. That's not what this post is about. Instead, this post is about someone else's response, a total stranger's response, to what I casually described as a fairly boring life. After making that comment in passing as these two women combed my life for events that may have led to spiritual strongholds, one of them remarked, "Your life hasn't been boring, Melody. Your life has been protected. For whatever reason, whether you ever come to find out why or not, God has protected you and blessed you for some purpose of His."
I had a few other mild visions throughout the remainder of our time, but none of consequence or that I can recall. Several hours later near the end of our session, I thought I was emerging from the vision space and would see no more, but one more vision surprised me with its strength and appropriateness. I saw Mother Ayahuasca once again.
I looked up and The Shrink was still in full smirk. The only person more smug than someone who has cracked a tough crossword clue is someone who is trending on Twitter.
In my first drafts, the main bottled beer list is organized not by country, as before, but according to Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) stylistic parameters.
Phillips: Don't give up. That's the message that comes down to us from Rembrandt, Cezanne. From all that countless host that sank their existences in art.”
A party of birthers, creationists, theocrats, climate-change deniers, anti-intellectuals, and out-of-touch country clubbers cannot govern America.
So there it is folks, but for additional beer recommendations be sure to check out our Beer Selector … We’d welcome your opinions on whether we got it right (who’d we miss?), and more importantly, what are YOU enjoying for this year’s Super Bowl?
I'm going to join up in 2 challenges today:
Discuss art, science, and the dating scene in the city.
So what did you think? Did I leave anyone out? I'd love to hear from you. Fashion is subjective, so I'd love to hear from you if you're loving/hating something I didn't.
The throat and heart chakras in particular are being highlighted. There are some people who are having physical ailments related to the throat such as coughs and sore throats. As we clear out colds, flus and viruses we are also clearing out emotional and physical toxins from our bodies and we may be feeling sensitive during this time. It goes with the theme of clearing away residue from our past, and many of us are still going through that process. So be aware of anything that comes up, do not hold on to it – be mindful and watch the thoughts float away. Visualise ‘problems’ or ‘past memories’ floating away on leaves so that you disassociate them from yourself and clear them away.
Au revoir (whatever the tarnation that means) (but it just popped into my head as the ending to this post) (okay, leaving now.)
She let the irony hang there between us, and I could picture
Velma loved God and had a desire to preach. She became an evangelist while she was still a teenager even before going to college.
In fact, that’s what I’m here to talk about today. If you’ve been following regularly, you know that I’ve had some misgivings about the viability of Monday Morning Blues & Banjo Friday as ongoing series. But until very recently I didn’t realize or admit to myself that all other considerations aside, I really need a break from the fixed posting schedule of those two series. I’ve written many posts about the blues & the banjo since Robert Frost’s Banjo began in 2008; there are 76 posts with the “banjo” label & 134 posts labelled “blues.” Especially with my own musical life being in more than a little flux, I'm not sure what more I have to say on either subject right now!
The film revolves around the relationship between Odin and his two sons. The action spans Asgard, Midgard and Jotunheim, the realm of the Frost Giants. Kenneth Branagh as the director deserves a fair amount of credit in taking a complicated premise in terms of mythology and creating an entertaining romp through that mythology a la Marvel Comics. The movie is extremely family friendly and teaches good lessons about humility, honoring one’s parents and courage without superpowers. Not a bad way to spend a family outing.
We've had a little wrinkle in that my short-term disability was denied, as I was pregnant before my benefits began. According to HR policy, if your STD is denied, and you are not eligible for FMLA, which is my situation as well, you must immediately return to work or lose your job. I called my boss in a panic when I heard that literally 3 days after being discharged by the hospital. She assured me there was no way in hell they were doing without me, and it was absurd- they knew I was pregnant when I was hired! The poor temp was let go the same day I gave birth, and my coworkers are working my assignment as best they can. They are likely in for some luck, as I am dying of boredom already, and am thinking I will go back at 6 weeks instead of 8. I'm hoping we get some warm, sunny days soon, so the girl and I can get some walks in.
Consciously chosen commitments are different in that they follow consciously chosen bids for power and are thought about and planned for. If your bid for power is about getting a better job or a bigger house then your commitment would be to do whatever it takes to accomplish that. You commit to leaving your current position or home in order to move into a better situation. You don’t say ” I will move if and when and maybe”, you decide for certain that you will be making the change and then give the timing over to spirit. Giving timing over to spirit is not being ambivalent it is simply being flexible while still being 100% committed to the end result.
On election day, the coalition swept the board to attain a huge majority in the Danish Parliament, a result which prompted riots across Denmark, not only of Muslims, but anarchist and hard-left groups. As the riots entered their second week, a state of emergency was declared and the Danish military was ordered to maintain order in key urban areas with large Muslim populations. Copycat riots in other European countries, though smaller in scale, prompted European governments concerned about their domestic Muslim populations to urge the Danish government to show restraint and ‘reach out’ to its embittered Muslim minority.
As expected, Squirt was ill now too. So I had two boys alternating on the sofa, or being encouraged up to bed to sleep. Squirt was happier sleeping in my arms, so nothing much of anything was done all day...
Nothing fills me with more happiness than a basket full of wool waiting to be used. So, having a week off work, I embarked on a mission to use up some sexy fat wool that’s been lurking for a while. Hayfield Bonus Chunky in shade 0971 (navy) and 0936 (biscuit) is a lovely wool to work with and, at only £2-ish a ball, it lets me make the inevitable mistakes…!
Anger is not a normal response for me in everyday life. I can get defensive and snarky with the best of them, but I rarely respond in anger. Why does a hard spanking sometimes hit my angry button? I suspect it has something to do with the push and pull of who I am and who I want to be. I am an overly independent woman who at times feels too dependent on her man. I don't like it and yet finding that balance between dependence and independence is part of this journey. We're searching for a healthy interdependence.
It's been interesting watching the reactions of the old school crowd (my peers) to the news of D&D Next. As with the release of 4e it has been largely negative and often vitriolic. There's a lot of cynicism about the game to come, a lot of cynicism directed toward the Company.
I'm going to jump!
At whose coming all men shall rise again with their bodies: and shall give account for their own works.
The final result!
America, FUCK YEAH!
Everybody loves a How-I-Got-My-Agent story - at least I assume they do, because I know I do. I'm thrilled that the first guest post in this mini-series is by my lovely crit partner and all-round internet bff, Michelle Krys!
I do apologize for such a long post and for including so many photos, but it’s really hard to describe this area without all of it. And believe it or not, I’ve only touched the surface of what we saw and learned!
It’s unreasonable to expect a person to listen to all of these books, so I’d highlight the middle one as the most dramatic of the three. At this point I usually comment on the reader, but this time I’ll skip that, because over the course of the three books you’ll hear an interesting mix of voices.
I bought him some milk, in addition to a couple of other things and we got on the check out line. Right then all the kids started to asking for things, talking and then it hit- a huge sneeze.
It’s a hard scramble over dark grey ash and jagged rocks.
So I am mid-therapy at the moment and still much work to do but I can feel day to day I am much accepting and mindful.
So, I woke up this morning still aghast by that comment. I went to my doctor at UCDavis today for a social visit, since I haven’t seen them since transplant. Now, I don’t mean to hate on my doctor, he’s really nice and has helped me through so much, but since he had nothing much to say health-wise, we got onto the topic of college and beyond. For some reason I got the vibe that he was wanting me to pick a career that was always going to be in demand, like nursing, and he didn’t approve of my zoology dreams. He was saying that the things you love shouldn’t be related to your job. For example, he said that he is a doctor, but he loves to garden. However, he didn’t get a job to do with plants, he became a doctor.
If I'm not reading, I love writing poety and drawing in my spare time. And you should know that I love Vampire Diaries, 90210, and One Tree Hill- It's officially ended now :(
Many years ago when my father and mother were dating they were part of a writer’s group and they compiled a small book of poetry. My mother wrote a couple of poems that really touched me. One was called “The Red Lined Coffin” and was about her experience as a young child standing by the coffin of her mother. The other was called “The Twisted Cross” and it seemed to be a questioning of God about pain and injustice.
That wretched ‘liberals don’t care about the disabled’ bullshit is just the latest in a long list of Santorumisms that Rick likes to spout and thinks he’s particularly empowered to spout because he has a daughter with special needs.
When the five minutes of my obsessive ruminations finally subsided I came to my senses. There is nothing bland about a boy who knows what beige is and likes it at age five. I suspect this is only one of many surprises this little guy has in store for us.
The paper I have no idea were it came from but it went well with the photos. The Kasiercraft letters I inked, then embossed with Opals embossing enamels. It still needed something so I drawed from flowers in pink on them.
I think he’s getting sad that the time is almost up. He told us last night how surprised he is that we only have a month left!
It is true that an estate (basically a legal fiction – something that only exists as a matter of law) is created and nearly all the debtor’s possessions go into it. However, there are exemptions available (either state law exemptions or federal exemptions depending on your state of residences and some timing issues if you’ve moved – see this site for details by Attorney Max Garner). These exemptions allow you to retain property through the bankruptcy process.
Aaron Marsh of Copeland: He first made me sweat when I saw him at The Parish last year. The band had been bestowed upon me by Jeffery because my snobbery prevented me from listening to them when I first caught wind of the name years ago. Aaron's voice may not be for some, but I like it, and seeing him, doubly hot on stage in a green sweater, made the back of my knees sweat. He's a very passionate musician and lyricist and I can't dare scoff at that.
they forget;
Mix together the Nuttelex, treacle and sugar. Mix the dry ingredients together then add to the Nuttelex mixture, combine well.
Do you remember your school days and how it was always the same kids who endured this awful humiliation time and time again? Cringe inducing......
It would make sense to assume that the Blue one was my sister's. He's a scientist and good with numbers and formulas. Had I spent any time hanging out with him I might have learned, but somehow I still seem to remember him best, so when I walked by a shop in Paris this week and saw the entire collection as drink bottles, I just had to get one. And yes, it had to be the blue one.
or going to a prostitute that doesn't touch your penis,
y garantizado – and guaranteed
I am back on track and my blood sugars are back to normal. I should not have purchased the delicious butter toffee and macadamia nut covered popcorn...but it sure was delicious!
Riddled with fake flouncing flowers,
Fresh Methi leaves - 2 cups
A night in homes, complete experience Maramures. Articles are invited to a cheese, traditional food in the region, a glass of plum brandy collected from the field early autumn. You can listen Petreus brothers, his carols Hrusca, you can warm up to increase, because winter in Maramures is very horrible, and then to lie in bed at cadurica.
GET EXCITED! IT’S WHITNEY HOUSTON WEDNESDAY!
1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
12 April
I think that does it for this card. It is a simple greeting that I can't wait to share with a little goody bag once Halloween gets here. As always, everything I used here is SU! so please contact me about ordering or general product info. have a great Saturday!
(5) "This is the wettest July on record since last July." (I insert here myself the word "July," but respondents actually used every month on the calendar).
My thanks to Coventrian in the comments to the previous post who drew my attention to the Sam loves hummus blog. Sam details the whole case together with screen grabs of the relevant pages which have now been disappeared by the JC and denied then undenied by its editor, Stephen Pollard.
*okay fine, it's a bath mat*
Another fabulous product in the Martha Stewart Home Office™ with Avery™ family is a line of versatile kitchen labels to keep pantry items in order. Yep – for many of us our kitchens are our offices too!
Oh, and ships. Did I mention ships? Apparently, ship combat is meant to be the “endgame”, or at least a significant part of the non-noob experience. At some point, you can get your own ship and sail around between Allods, complete with combat and crew cooperation. As in, you may need other players to man your ship.
I'm considering, if I can find them, blood orange icing. That way it'll have a nice pinky colour naturally and keep the citrus theme.
I wish I could say Virgin set to win a contract for running NHS Services was satire, but it’s not – as you will see if you click the link in the article above.
Ministry of Justice figures show 914 criminals are on the run even though they have committed new crimes or breached the terms of their release. The total includes 22 recalled between 1984 and 1999. Those wrongly on the streets include 18 murderers, five paedophiles and 17 convicted of carrying guns.
Gracefully, a shadow tight
Me: Who are you missing that should come first?
She hates all varieties of housework. What a stupid idea.
07. The Conflict
I promise I'll always love you.
It just feels like I have always had rabbits.
I am so so eager to share some new reviews with you and of course the final foundation review which is lingering in the abyss of the house with no connection to life..I mean the internet.
These threats must indeed be taken seriously because this has happened before: in the runup to the xenophobic killings whch started on a specific date in May 2008 across the entire country, well-organised, black youth gangs were also going through the townships to identify black Africans and to mark their houses. These Xhosa-speaking youths often identified the foreigners by asking them to pronounce specific words in isi-Xhosa – and if they couldn’t, they were told to ‘get out or we will kill you.’
with a street dog theme
203Oh come! oh teach me nature to subdue,
I'll find someone
The United Nation’s FAO, along with its CODEX ALIMENTARIUS, has been PUSHING ANIMAL CLONING FOR YEARS. So this issue isn’t about too many animals on the earth, or the environment, or feeding the hungry – it’s most likely about who owns the patents for the cloned animals and biotechnology, and who will own and control all food (and people, land and resources) in the future.
it soon will pass
On at least two occasions, I waited outside hospitals into the early hours of the morning because of this error, and once expressed my condolences to the girlfriend of a man who had, I found out later, merely shot himself in the left foot with a .22-caliber revolver. He walked out the door with his foot bandaged while his girlfriend and I argued over his condition.
At the same event, the Newham charity Community Links – which is very active and successful – talked about the choices it faces as the cash dries up. To what extent should it keep some community centres and adventure playgrounds by making the community run them? If they can’t afford to staff the centres properly, should they close them down or employ just enough workers to keep order – and then say that the community and parents must show up to make the whole thing work?
Breakfast: skipped it
Thanks for joining us on our travels . . . .we'll see you soon!!!
Now no one was more annoyed with themselves than my husband. I emailed the head last night to explain that when he arrived in the morning the school may look a bit abused. On the way to school I could see all the muddy track marks and tried to tip toe my way in. Oh the shame of it! Never mind chain saw massacre it was tyre track muddy massacre. I also had to sort out quiz night monies at the office so was able to speak to the head. I apologised and said how "it looks horrendous" - he said he hadn't seen it. Whilst he scurried away to inspect the damage I could here the caretaker mutter something like "tyre tracks".
Here are a few words from Christopher about his class.....
Isn't it grand when children can learn from each other. Such a great thing. Take today for instance. But be warned. If you're not into bad-word talk with your kids, well, maybe you should just skip this post. Or definitely don't drink a beverage while reading.
All done for now! I really want to post a recipe roundup tomorrow with all my favorite Pinterest recipes--we'll see if I can get to it. After that I'll be MIA for a bit and then I'm thinking there will be a post with possibly even more pictures than this one. Fun times ahead!
If you don't already check in to the marvelous Modern Mechanix blog from time to time, then you're missing out on some retro-futuristic genius. The blog usually highlights visionary drawings from the Modern Mechanics archives. But in the case of one illustration from May 1929, one particular wacky, wondrous dream was actually carried out -- and promptly fizzled.
Overshoes
Contacting 3-1-1
They themselves were fully at rest, they suffer’d not,
Doing what you love feels good. Getting paid to do what you love gives you validation and a reason to keep going. Having an editor believe in you, your talent, your style, enough to take a chance on you is immensely gratifying. If you can't make it to my session tomorrow, I'm basically going to be telling you one thing: Stop selling yourself short. Set your price, figure out what your time is worth and then don't accept anything less.
Blue and white,
M’n hele wezen, roept om jou,
In all honesty, I have more positive feelings towards EasyJet after this experience. One, they gave us drink vouchers. Two, they’d prefer to inconvenience a planeful of people rather than fly under knowingly less-than-safe conditions. That would also be my preference.
I won't even show you how much ribbon I have but I will show you how I store my "mostly used" ribbon.
One of the most essential materials for making the Building Envelope waterproof is the joint sealant. Joints are there invariably in all civil constructions. According to material of construction, there are different kinds of joints. Some are only for joining, some are for accommodating the movements. Movements are mainly because of thermal gradients caused by temperature variations. There are also movements due to seismic activity, settlement, shrinkage, creep and dynamic loads, temperature variations due to processes etc.
What kind of librarian would I be if I didn't include a book on this list? And who doesn't marvel at the craftsmanship of a well-made pop-up book? If you have never given or received a Robert Sabuda book, now's the time to do so. His latest, co-designed with Matthew Reinhart, is Encyclopedia Mythologica: Dragons And Monsters Pop-up. I own Sabuda's Alice in Wonderland, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and Peter Pan. I've got a few others in my collection. All are stunning.
This way I will get all of the A sets and package up 8 per person. If you keep one then I have to figure out which one you made and get you the other 7, so I will have 7 different sets each missing a sheet and ..... I forsee some people getting the wrong ones.
I have an Honours degree in Archaeology.
I’m not quite sure why the government has engaged in this strange and polarised rhetoric about how the Olympics are simultaneously the best thing that has ever happened to the country and the most dangerous thing to ever happen in this country, but they have. As such, there is a pervasive need to be seen to be doing something to address this hyperbolic threat. The most recent iteration of this is announcing that the roof of an apartment complex is the ideal place to locate a missile battery.
CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (CDC). Prevention and control of influenza: recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP). MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 2002; 51 (RR-3): 1-36.
‘Forced’ to close down their News of the World title earlier this year, Newscorpers continue to maintain that in turnover terms, the NoW was “a minute part of our global turnover”. But figures from the company’s accounts suggest that in margin terms, it had been a massive profit centre, easily mopping up a high share of Sunday news sector advertising on the basis of its salacious content. It is also a myth that the Murdochs ‘bowed to public pressure’ in closing the paper: its closure came as a bolt from the blue. Newscorp closed NoW because the advertisers had all pulled out, and it represented a crippling overhead….at a time when Newscorp per se was assailed by hacking problems. The ‘spin’ about ‘doing the right thing’ was and is bollocks.
"If you have the time to marinate the strawberries for a half hour, they'll make a sauce that's delicious."
Funds for library aid distribution consist primarily of interest generated on loans provided through the BCPL State Trust Fund Loan Program. This program provides loans to municipalities and school districts for projects including economic development, school repairs and improvements, local infrastructure, and capital equipment and vehicles.
Overlake Christian Church in Redmond, WA, does a great job communicating their ministry vision. The phrase, “Love God, Love People, Serve the World,” is stated in a variety of ways throughout the church. It is seen in posters in the hallways and projected visually on the screens in the worship center. It is prominent on their website. The senior pastor stated it in his welcome and sermon. It is stated, restated, and reinforced until it rolls off the tongue. People leave knowing what the church is committed to.
Given the condition these people were housed in after arrest, the police brutality… I don’t care if the people accused are guilty or innocent, their treatment is unacceptable in either case.
So this scene with Megan and Don, it hit me hard, and since then, I've adopted Megan's cucumber attitude in times of spillage, and Reader, I tell you, it worked. My first response to that ketchup? I saw red. But then I went into Megan mode and the anger flowed like so much pureed tomato.
2 TB chopped chives
Row 19- ch2, dc in next sc and each around. Join to 2nd ch of ch2.
I have to say that the Imaginisce Happy Camper collection is absolutely adorable....I have made numerous projects with it already and I love the patterns...not to mention the names of the papers!!! I also love the naked clock, decorating it was super easy and the kids had fun inking the cuts and adding stickers...thanks so much Liz! I will be looking for more of these in the future...super quick and easy!
Automatic Bid: Conference-USA Champions
So, anyone have any suggestions? I only know that I want to keep my lilac chair. Maybe facet the hell out of the inside of the closet in girly shades of lavender and white, and make a pretty banded pattern on the outsides of the doors? Any suggestions, I need decisiveness please!
- Minervois
12. Mieko Hirota - A Lonely Summer
delvings into non-Western ethnic music. The sprightly "Eat
Also Known As : Brusco risveglio
OLDER READERS will remember how, in the 1980s, Samuel Smiths introduced a beer called Tadcaster Bitter which was paler, hoppier and a little less strong than their standard Old Brewery Bitter. When well kept, it could be very good, but unfortunately it wasn’t well promoted and Sams’ conservative customers tended to stick with OBB. So Tadcaster Bitter began to suffer from a vicious circle of slow turnover leading to poor quality which further deterred people from drinking it, and after a year or so it was withdrawn.
Detroit in the late 1920s and early 1930s had a problem with religious cults.
With much justification we complain that trans characters in the movies are usually played by cis actors. Two recent films that (fortunately) failed to be made, films about Lili Elba and James Barry were both intended to have a cis woman actor playing the trans characters even though Elbe was a woman, and Barry a man.
Walking up the path toward the bluffs, I shivered when the morning sea air whipped through the sweater I'd thrown on. Something I'd found in the attic. The trees seemed to whisper to me, "Go back. Not here. Not today." Didn't they know it had to be here, had to be today? I was to leave tomorrow. It had to be today.
Yes first time I played there, and probably the last. It was pretty weird playing in front of all the people. We only played for like 100 or 200 people before, so this was really something. I mean all the people were quiet and actually listened to the music, most of them were there to hear some music, not to meet other people and drink their beers.
Al Pacino had the dis-honour of winning Worst Supporting Actor for playing himself in Jack And Jill, while David Spade’s attempt to play a woman in Jack and Jill won him Worst Supporting Actress. Worst Director went to Dennis Dugan, who received the award for both Just Go With It and Jack And Jill. And, as the film was lovingly based on Ed Wood’s Glen or Glenda, it also received the Worst Re-Make/Rip-Off accolade for good measure.
Production of Screaming Yellow Zonkers was discontinued in 2007, and I remember hoards of fans being sorely disappointed. Personally, screaming Yellow Zonkers have not passed my lips since about 1992, so I can't wait until these are once again available for purchase. I will have to post another article to commemorate my blessed reunion with these great buttery popcorn treats soon!
--Waiting at the gate ... I'm making a huge mistake. We often know when we're making a mistake, we just don't know which one it is, that's the problem. I sympathise.
“You have to believe what you feel.”
In this issue…please click on the date, which is the link that will take you to all the posts published on that particular day!
Did you do a review? Let me know, and a link back of course would be nice.
The technique is the same for the whole picture. You cannot choose your final colors this way. You add colors little by little. It's sometimes hard to establish good contrast, and airbrush tends to make your illustration too soft. But it's how I work.
We usually have a release blog hop. But today its both a release and a birthday. Whoop whoop!!!
Reading and listening to music at the same time are like the coloured lines I see in those charts in The Economist magazine. One indicates domestic growth, whilst the other points at per capita spending. At some point they will cross paths, but this happens very rarely. I admit that I like listening to music whilst I read, usually of the non-intrusive variety. Jazz and classical music get thumbs-up whereas anything with words in it is either skipped or muted. However, this attitude puts me in the pro-Muzak group, an association I strongly dislike, as I'm all for listening to music with intention, not as if one hated it so much, that it has to go and stand in a corner like a child that's been grounded. There's another quandary when you listen to music (with words) whilst reading. In the best case scenario the lyrics will add value to the book you're reading. Yet, do you really need that addendum? After all, the reason to read a book is to immerse yourself in the plot (in the case of fiction). The downside, on the other hand, is that you might end up paying more attention to the music - that's what usually happens, doesn't it? - and will forget about the plot. Then, why bother to read at all?
In the month of dark grey monsoons.
Sincerely and without ill will, vexation or frivolity
I wiped the crocodile tears away and went to Burgundy this past week where I fell for you all over again, France.
4 cups cooked brown rice
I walked about the last 50 yards to the bench and asked the man if I could join him while I rested. He smiled, motioned for me to sit down, and then assured me that his dogs would not be eating me for lunch, at least not today that is.
The beer was fantastic. For starters, when you know you can get Fullers London Porter, London Pride, and 1845 on cask, you are in for a great night. They spread 80 different firkins over the four day festival (they publish a list of most of the breweries on their website, but you don't know what you are going to get each night until you show up). While I was happy with the selection, I am guessing that Wednesday night might have been the weakest of the four--I know I would have reserved the best stuff for Friday night. It was a 50/50 split of American and UK brews (including beers from England, Scotland, and Wales). The Allagash Dubbel and Allagash Black were two of the American highlights.
The first flip is usually a scan through the magazine for an overview of the standard; a second flip would be to look through the pictures and advertisements with more interest. A third flip could be a settling down to pick up some good tips or pointers from the printed articles. It is not surprising to find women carrying their favorite women’s magazine around with them everywhere so that they can have their quick flip whenever they have some spare time.
Guus was about to ask for explanation, but only swallowed. Deep down he knew the answer, and he did not need to know any more about what lay below the earth. As if knowing Guus’s thoughts the man turned his head towards Guus.
2 summer squash, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1-inch pieces
Displayed in six or seven flowered dishes
Twas an afternoon to be savoured slowly and appreciated joyfully.
VIII. Few people were tall enough to embrace the thumb with both arms.
The U.S. has thrown billions at so-called “climate research” since 1988 and has passed laws intended to reduce CO2 emissions. There is no scientific merit, nor any justification for the many limits imposed on the American consumer. The quest, for example, of ever-cleaner automobile exhausts has resulted in more expensive cars and more dangerous ones as their weight had to be successively reduced to meet the mandates.
In the long run, that's probably a good thing.
Gaily, to the hand expert with sail and oar 420
creating both of these paintings. The angel was created using layers
Donald had a stumble moment in his dance as well, but he didn’t let it get him down – he kept on going. He was so smooth and he obviously loved Motown night.
And also, while I'm a bit geeky about numbers and statistics, it doesn't mean I'm very good at them. Terms like "standard deviation" make me break out in hives (studying the stats section for the GRE just about did me in). I'm just giving the numbers and then throwing out the top and bottom two to see what it looks like without the extremes.
Oh! How I was sure to brace this moment embraced
Life is not good. One day it will be good
Now I want my rug behind the sofa, though. So I go up and click “Backwards” until the rug is behind the sofa. It usually takes a few clicks…not sure why. Also, if you want an item in front of another item, you click “Forwards”…but I’m sure you would have figured that out.
I’d like now to share with you what I’ve learned from Walter Burien. This is not an easy subject to digest; in fact it hurts a bit when you realize that it is all painfully true… and fortunately, unlike most other truths in the world, quite easily verifiable. And so I would ask that you finish this essay in its entirety and click on all of the links associated with it. For if ever there was a red pill, this is it!
- Jumbo yellow onions 3 lb for $1.00 ($0.74/kg, Washington)
♥ Economical and easy to build, requiring no permits.
I thought the spread needed a little bit more, so I used swiss dots stencil from Crafter's Workshop and sponged some white paint randomly here and there.
Singing this song
It has been a year of ups and downs..
May Flaum over at Big Picture Classes is running a class called Curious Scrapbookers Field Guide. This is an anything goes class - not just scrapbooking. Each week we get a new technique, tool, you name it - to challenge us to try something new. This week - Acrylic Paint. I cannot remember the last time I dug those paints out. Imagine my surprise when they were all in great shape. I tried something different this week - inspired by a project I saw on May's site. I found a stretched canvas box in my 'stash', and got started.
Heat a Griddle and cook both sides until brown.
After this barrage of photos those of you who have made it all the way through, need a serious cup of coffee or tea to regain your energy! Have to admit my mojo has served me more than well these passed few weeks, but now I am letting it off to graze in calmer pastures. I sure need some rest too :))
And the vet was relaxed about this, and Ned got put on drugs. And the drugs worked, until they didn't, when our relaxed vet upped the dosage. To cut a long story short for the past nine months we've been raising the dosage everytime he has more "breakthrough fits".
“Hi,” the man said in English while punching up data on a computer tablet attached to the cot, “I’m Doctor Ling of the Chinese Army Medical Corp and I'm the senior physician in this ward. One of our scout units found you, a woman, and her two children while inspecting the wreckage of a crashed American fighter. The mother and older child survived while the younger one did not.”
I didn’t recognize the song, though it sounded vaguely familiar – a bit too generic for me to pin down. In any case, it was definitely more suited to the female voice, so the song itself was tough on Nishikido-kun. I have to say, the emotions playing on his face were really funny. He’s one of the more endearing personalities in Johnny’s, and his voice has an edge to it that I really like, so I was rooting for him.
It's my favorite month of the year. The weather is perfect. The colors are at their boldest. And college football is in full swing.
Crop : Dangerfield
This sweet couple is actually the fruition of a design made many months ago for a little boy who loves elephants and the color green -- maybe not my first choice, but boys will be boys, right?
The Greater Litanies (or processions) are so called to distinguish them from the Minor Litanies, that is, processions of less importance as far as the solemnity and concourse of the faithful were concerned. We gather from an expression of St. Gregory the Great that it was an ancient custom in the Roman Church to celebrate, once each year, a Greater Litany, at which all the clergy and people assisted. This holy Pontiff chose April 25 as the fixed day for this procession, and appointed the Basilica of St. Peter as the Station.
Here, persecution and self-loathing find an outlet through a generic supernatural mystery and its knife-through-the-heart twist.
Arriving on the island, officers quickly found that the horny 80-kilo creature was in no mood to be grilled by the law.
"It’s enough to exercise your vagina five minutes a day, ladies, and in just one week you’ll be able to give yourself and your man unforgettable pleasure in bed," she says.
* Kentucky Fried Chicken, as opposed to KFC
So Raina and I (Monica lost interest because she just “couldn’t get into” Mike D) started our Beastie stakeouts, parking across the street and ducking any time a car drove by, hoping to catch a glimpse of Ad-Rock and MCA going in or out. One night we even bought eggs, in homage to “Egg Raid on Mojo” (from their punk rock EP Pollywog Stew) and “Egg Man” from Paul’s Boutique, and smashed them onto the sidewalk, our own in-joke calling
As far as I was concerned, Brussels sprouts were tiny, bitter cabbages that masochists ate when they ran out of bigger bitter cabbages. Little did I know that slathering them in Parmesan would provide a delicious gateway into healthier, simpler preparations. See also: Red Cabbage (ew) with Honey (nice), Apples (yay!), and Bacon (king of cured meats). It's actually quite scrumptious.
Anthea
When we do prove ourselves we can move onto the next step of the proverbial ladder.Those who do not have the degree often find the ladder is missing when their skill levels are resourced out or shipped to an over-seas market;it is literally yanked out from underneath of them. The degree is our built-in protection to readjust to the needs of the market place. With the degree we are able to stretch our ability to adjust to other markets. We all need to know and understand that the first job we get following college rarely, if ever, is anything more than the next step we take. When we don’t take the first step we fall behind everyone else who does.
Secondly the Dayak leaders should bring their struggle against Taib into the open.
1. Mike Quevedo (TZ) 42; T2. Parker Mann (TZ) 44; T2. Luke Grennan (TZ) 44; T3. Isac Gorenstein (TZ) 45; T3. Matt Joseph (TZ) 45; 6. Liam Foxe (AM) 49; 7. Andrew Badillo (TZ) 49; 8. Matt Valentine (AM) 50; 9. Tyler Sayre (AM) 52; 10. Brian McFadden (AM) 53.
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery Black & Blue
We’ll add links to these terms as we find them — you may want to bookmark this post so you can find it again.
Band Introductions
Chrys.: Or; He did this because He desired to prolong the economy of His humanity, the time not being yet come for openly manifesting His deity; wherefore also He charged His disciples that they should tell no man that He was the Christ. But after His resurrection He would have this made manifest.
This could help Malema if his appeal is ultimately reviewed by the ANC’s national executive committee, on which provincial secretaries and chairpersons serve.
And Mr Alexander told The Independent that the Lib Dems would pledge to further raise the allowance to £12,000 in their next election manifesto, meaning that no one working full-time on the minimum wage would pay tax.
Most importantly you’re not here day in and day out, to see that he’s a great kid that faces challenges. So if you want to think that I try to spread awareness for attention when I really do it so that people will understand him and his” quirks” a little better, because I don’t know what else to call them. Then fine think what you want but do not for a minute tell me….it’s not the Autism.
Scrunge didn't move. Gently he said “I don't know your real name. What is it? I'll use it if I know it.”
I was only eight years old. I'd often gone shopping with my mother, but never had I shopped for anything all by myself. The store seemed big and crowded, full of people scrambling to finish their Christmas shopping. For a few moments I just stood there, confused, clutching that ten dollar bill, wondering what to buy, and who on earth to buy it for. I thought of everybody I knew: my family, my friends, my neighbors, the kids at school, and the people who went to my church. I was just about thought out, when I suddenly thought of Bobby Decker. He was a kid with bad breath and messy hair, and he sat right behind me in Mrs. Pollock's grade-two class.
acrylic on canvas, 48" x 48" (click image to enlarge)
Isn' t this amazing? Wolfgang Hampel and Alison Bard Burnett are born humorists. Both delight their fans from all over the world. I'd love to have a Wolfgang Hampel CD and DVD with his very funny poems and stories. What about a book? We adore Wolfgang Hampel's high humor and wit in Betty MacDonald and Ma and Pa Kettle biography and his wonderful Betty MacDonald interviews.
laid a substantial foundation for them to move forward.
An evolutionary biologist would say that, improbable though it might seem, consciousness such as ours has arisen like everything we know from an interstellar explosion that created our planet, and the conditions necessary for human awareness. Yes, the odds are billions to one, but the process can be mapped.
Looking forward to seeing your creations.
In fact they are Hippeastrum, which is a genus of about 70–75 species and 600+ hybrids and cultivars of bulbous plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas from Argentina north to Mexico and the Caribbean. Some species are grown for their large showy flowers. These plants are popularly but erroneously known as Amaryllis
President Nixon was viewed as a crook for engaging in this sort of behavior and it was a major scandal that President Clinton was auctioning off rooms in the White House to the highest campaign supporter- and it is a major scandal and proof that Obama is a crook that two-thirds of the president’s top fund-raisers in the 2008 campaign visited the White House at least once to discuss policy and secure for themselves or their friends political favors and advantages.
The Exhibition
Indoors, we're cozy and happy, watching the rain stream down the windows and patter on the roof, a cup of tea in hand and the kitty curled up on the ottoman, fast asleep. It's a quiet day, as Fridays usually are here. The week is busy, the weekend busier, but Fridays seem to be the "slow" day at our house. My one token chore today is laundry, the neverending cycle of wash-fold-wear that makes me wonder why we have so many clothes in the first place.
What educational programs or other resources are in place to increase awareness of ART so that women should stop being subjected to inhuman treatments? What are African women doing themselves?
Lakeland Police are attempting to identify suspects of a grand theft of equipment thatoccurred in the early morning hours of 4/15-4/16/2012, at Oakhill Cemetery, 4620 S RD 98, in Lakeland, Florida.
RECEIVING
“I don’t have a yes or no answer. I don’t know. But that would be the best outcome.”
He began to massage my hand and yes, it was fucking fantastic. I wasn’t quite feeling my clitoris swelling or anything, but it was definitely sensual. I could tell he was enjoying giving me this pleasure – he loved women, all women. He gave me another smile and while continuing to massage me with one hand, he started to rub himself with his other hand. I didn’t recoil in disgust, so he took that as his queue to take it one step further and he put his hand down his pants and began to masturbate. He wore fairly baggy jeans, so it was easy for him to perform this act without having to undress. I was wearing jogging pants and as I sat on my bed with my legs kiddie-crossed I took my free hand and began to masturbate as well. He released my hand and we both focused on satisfying ourselves, however constantly making eye contact that was deep and intense.
Inn, 49 and Cambodian-born, is fighting his way out of legal limbo and into proper citizenship. He’s been making a living playing chess in Union Square for the past two years. After Christmas, he plans to finally visit the Department of Homeland Security to get a naturalization number, which will enable him to get a steady job. However, he fears officials may deport him to Cambodia instead.
Look at the final coloring below. I still felt that there was not enough contrast on Riley, so I added even more number variation- I went with E31, E35, E39. See how he pops off the page ever so much more?
Honestly, I think the second option might be more expensive than the first one...
If I were your fool,
4-5 cups chopped mixed vegetables
Justice Mittal’s ‘standard form’ for injunctions, in contrast to some of the earlier orders of the Delhi High Court, lays down precise instructions that are to be followed by the Commissioner executing the Court’s orders. The ‘standard form’ does not allow for sealing of computers themselves, except in certain situations of non-co-operation by the defendants. The order also makes it very clear to the defendant that it can seek to resolve the dispute through the Mediation Centre attached to the Delhi High Court, apart from the option of purchasing further licences.
AGH, sorry I'm been so MIA. Everything's been extremely busy with my friend and I prepping our cosplays and the logistics for Otakon, an anime convention in Baltimore, MD that's NEXT WEEKEND. So exciteeeed. 8D
Hello Students, just wanted to remind you that this is the Classroom where no talking is allowed. Just watch over our shoulder and then when the piece is finished, the artist will post in the Gallery where talking, shouting, clapping and jumping up and down is most certainly allowed, appreciated and encouraged. ♥
Meanwhile, the new Asics shoes seem to fit pretty well so it looks like the shoe issues are all resolved.
