Almond Aguila, University of Alberta. Skype and the Global Filipino Family
So once again I protected my child in the only ways I knew how..........
“As such, after my graduation from JC I was not under any obligation to stay. I did receive offers from NUS and NTU and had the option to sign the bond you were referring to. But eventually weighing all my options I decided to go to the US.”
6. Snow in the garden
have made something using my images.. just link it in the comments so i can pin you..
This week, when I returned home from my weekly grocery shopping trip, I did something a little bit different when I was putting away the goods. Actually, it started at the grocery store itself. I only purchased snacks from larger packaging (forget those pricey pre-packaged snack packs and 100 calorie packs), and I made sure they were somewhat on the healthy side. Then when I returned home, I laid the snacks out on the counter, grabbed a bunch of sandwich and snack sized baggies, and started filling them with the contents of the big bags/boxes. This included everything from Trail Mix, Teddy Grahams, Goldfishy Crackers and Popcorn. And some things are just easier in pre-packaged smaller pouches, such as Peanut Butter Crackers, Raisins and the not so healthy Rice Krispie Bar splurge.
I thought I’d be different after going through such storms of grief, (shouldn’t I be?) but I feel as if I am still myself, or rather, I feel as if I am myself again. I am sadder, of course, and that sadness will probably always shadow any future happiness, which is as it should be. One can never unknow such trauma. It will always be part of me.
For me I just bask in the romance of knowing that my beloved is....completly out of reach!
They will mount up with wings like eagles,
This cake is soooo delicious you won't even be able to tell that it isn't gluten full!!!
It's not that I don't care about fashion, it's that I sometimes care too much.
For anyone interested, the link above the image provides a very nice breakdown of everything you could ever want to know about Doc Savage, but for me the most pertinent stuff is contained in the Fictional character biography section, where the wonderfully inspiring Doc Savage Oath can be found:
● 14 million of the uninsured were eligible (but chose not) to enroll in government-sponsored health programs like Medicaid and SCHIP (State Children’s Health Insurance Program) (BlueCross Assoc.)
The Chinese Yin and Yang principle is one of the classic explanations of the perfect blend of two opposing forces. The Yin Yang symbol is seen either in black and white or in red and white. Yin, the darker element, red in this case, is feminine, passive, associated with valleys, night, the waning moon, slightly negative, etc. Yang, on the other hand, is the brighter element, white, that is active, masculine, positive, associated with day, the hills, the full moon, etc.
If you have any ideas or requests for future posts, please feel free to email me at melissa@njbusinessinsurancelady.com
Members of the Counterjihad movement were present in Ashkelon (Israel) today, listening to various experts on Israeli matters in the morning, before taking a conducted tour of the flashpoint areas of Sderot and the Gaza border in the afternoon.
Time and clarity are of the essence this morning – so here’s an overview of what I’m going to be looking at.
Leo the Lion - at last, I managed to get a photo of him with his eyes open! He's a complete mummy's boy, love him!
MADAME IMELDA
And he repeated: “Nothing— I am only a religious man.”
Happy or Moody most of the time: Happy! And Lots of Energy!
Ich: “Mm…Mr. Saint Peter I wrote a lot of book.”
QR code tattoo
Paul spoke twice of us being temples. In 1 Corinthians 3, he addresses the fact that the Church is bickering over following various human leaders (hmm… that sounds familiar). He points out that we all have different tasks and that we collectively, as the Church, make up God’s temple.
Caroline R is writing a Valentine themed blogpost for The Quack Doctor, but is a bit bah humbug about Valentine's Day so is including plenty of death and skullduggery.
Because I am sick and tired of having a semi-single mom lifestyle…(how can you single parents survive?!?!??!)
You then get rose, a lot of lovely rose, translucent yet memorable, slowly moving onto powder (I think it's the first time I really appreciate rose in a perfume). Similarly to the Flowerbomb moment, you also get here and there a moment of Jean Paul Gaultier's Classique, and my guess is a bit of aniseed. When it fades, powder enters the scene beautifully.
“Somewhere between the murkiness of uncompromising porn and ‘acceptable’ erotic art lies an almost forgotten area where overtly sexual imagery can be truthful and beautiful’.
Out on the Moon’s surface, Kostya finally stopped. His breath was ragged and his sweat chilled on his face. Kostya was wracked with sobs of joy and fear. It was true. A God does exist. But what does this mean? Should the world even know about it?
Choice Publishing utilise print on demand digital technology to publish their books and they make it clear from the offset that sales and distribution are focussed through on line availability and sales. They have their own on line bookstore and take orders directly through their offices. I have been aware of Choice Publishing for the past two years and have seen them steadily grow to a point where they can boast a larger catalogue than similarly sized UK companies. They do not advertise books on their main welcome page, but give plenty of space to new releases and forthcoming titles on their bookstore pages. Curiously, though, their main page features ad-banners for other author solution service companies!
For the first time since I bought the property, I have managed to get out to my country property to actually see most of the apples on the trees. I even managed to pick a small bagful of them to bring home with the intention of making an apple crisp. The trees have not been tended to for many (30? 40?) years so most of the apples are up too high for me to safely pick and many apples are scabby and/or wormy. The deer do not seem as fussy as this human because there is much evidence on the ground of their gnawing at the apples.
With a number of successions already under her belt, it could be easily forgiven to get caught up in the fame and fortune of her continual accomplishments, but for Judy, it is her down-to-earth, realistic attitude that has shaped her into one of Britain’s most inspirational young designers.
What is there to be said? For a figure in public life to be involved in this sort of thing clearly shows that he’s a bit of an idiot, one who has now wrecked a promising political career. But what a fuss about nothing. It was a stag party; people do the stupidest things; and when men are stupid they are really stupid. If anything it shows that the symbols of Nazism themselves have become a bit of a joke, dress for comic party antics, by appointment to Prince Harry!
On the other side of the Square are two antique stores. The one that’s a little lower than the road, the last time I was in there, it seemed to be full of old farm tools and things that I wasn’t into, but I will say that it’s been years since I’ve been inside. I shall have to visit, and see if they’ve changed, though it still is a fascinating looking building, I think. The other antique store used to be a gas (fuel, petrol) station, as you’ll see from their funky layout. It gets even better, inside, because the back rooms are what used to be the garage, and it still has speed bumps on the ground. I always thought the building was just plain fun, along with the antiques being attractive and desirable. Yes, I do like antiques, but they’re usually beyond my wallet. : )
Hi everyone! Thank you for stopping by today! Super excited to share with you a project today, some of the Ginger Snap Scraps Design Team Members and I will be showcasing a project that illustrates some of the products that can be found in the Ginger Snap Scraps Online Store.
Built: Between 1909 – 1911
And of course this leads to the big dilemma! Whatever shall I wear? I'm just not a fancy girl and I don't really own anything, red carpet-ish. Last year the premiere was at a Pub...I have many many pub worthy outfits..no premiere in a theatre type digs though. I'm stumped.
Work
Me (sighing silently): I am pretty sure that they are mammals and so they must be born from the bits. But let me double check. (I have this horrible fear of teaching the children something wrong, only to be outed in public for my lack of attention to detail.)
4 - My east coast family and my Toronto family
Gosh. I think I have to go now.
Long Story Short:
each about two pages long. The thing was, though, that they had failed to
“I am ready.”
Where the aroma misleads, the flavor reassures. Sweet Belgian candi sugar carries throughout the beer. Honey, carmelized sugar and vanilla compliment the sweetness of the Belgian sugar. Fruit notes of banana, pear, apple are all present and provide an excellent counter-balance to the sugars and result in a beer that is surprisingly light for its high ABV. This isn't a heavy and yeasty tripel, instead it is refreshing, crisp and clean. Its slightly warming alcohol doesn't burn the throat, but instead beckons for you to enjoy another drink. 4.5 Mugs
In another mixing bowl, whip the egg whites on medium-high with the whisk attachment until they foam, then slowly add the rest of the sugar. Beat just until the egg whites form stiff peaks. Carefully fold the egg whites into the almond paste mixture. Gently fold in the flour with a spatula, being careful not to deflate the egg whites.
I cut out another flower stitched and layered it on top and added the beads in the centre. Gold glitter was used for the circles .
Have a look around and click on some of the links. I do hope you find the time to add your own comments on here. Everyone’s entitled to their own opinion whether we agree with them or not. So please help me make this a blog worth talking about – hopefully in a positive way…
What do you think of Maya and Patterns as spouses? You (and Peach too) didn’t really meet Dimitri, but you can comment on him too!
Finish Log: Cut off both ends at an angle--these ends will be used to make the "stumps" on top of the log.
I am very pleased to say that I have just ordered up one of these artfully designed wee rods. A wand made to fish tight little brush-banked streams holding the gems of the back woods and reportedly a bit more.
The dress was such a nice colour and looked so nice on. It was also a good deal:
Emma xx
24. Bad Moon Rising—Creedence Clearwater Revival
There are also lots of challenges to keep your mojo flowing over at the forum ... here's my sample page for my sketch challenge ... it's due at the end of this month, so still plenty of time to play along ...
‘This night shall be the birth-time
And the calves, while not exactly upset with me, did give me the eye. They know that their “other” place provided them with shelter from the rain, and I don’t.
Rachel Wilson as Tamira Goldstein who appeared as "Mother" in Saw 3D
The damage to my house is still being assessed. There are sink holes in the parts of my basement that have a dirt floor and there is damage to part of the stone foundation at the back of the house. The furnace is most likely dead as is the hot water heater. These things are fixable though a little overwhelming to think about at the moment. At least I still have a house, and my rabbits are fine. And thank God nothing happened to my Pee-wee Herman collection! ;)
3 money-saving travel tactics I use are…
For decades, the GSS has asked respondents about their political orientations under the variable name POLVIEWS and whether they believe in life after death under the variable name POSTLIFE. I recoded the variable POLVIEWS into the following categories:
So now you need to sew (by hand or with the machine). Just lay out a braid, then on top of it the solid piece, then a braid. I started with the braids that had the un-cut ends (numbers 4 and 6 above) since I figured they'd be easier to sew and I was trying to manage my jersey-rage. Just lay the three pieces stacked together on the sewing machine and stitch away! It doesn't have to be pretty because you won't see it in the finished product.
If you find yourself, in these waning days of summer, in need of a lift - or in need of a diversion from anxieties professional or otherwise - I recommend treating yourself to a few hours of Foyle's War. Or leave a comment: what are your own fondest proclivities?
Our days with Rae are getting better, and we are having more and more bonding. We still have language issues, but it is getting better. Emily is excited that Rae loves to blow-dry hair. I was happy to find out how to give her a bath without any screaming and crying. She is learning to trust us more, especially Noel. She loves his airplane rides and riding on his shoulders. She even went to the playground in the hotel with just him.
Lemonade, when applied to potted plants, has been found to keep their flowers fresh longer than normal. But it cannot be used on chrysanthemums without turning their leaves brown.
maybe help from the observers?
He seems a whole lot less stressed than last year, but we have to watch and make sure he doesn't get those pearly whites wrapped around anything he isn't supposed to. When he was here last summer, Sam had a little anxiety and chewed up a rug, the wood on the door frame, and a seatbelt for the car. Yeah, it was an expensive anxiety attack. We think it was because one of the boys was going off to college, so there was lots of turmoil at home before he came here. Then there were more boxes here as Col was leaving as well. Too many boxes = stress for Sammy.
But to have some form of romance throughout? That would be lovely, wouldn’t it? To not face the nights of coming home to the same routine thing, day in and day out? To not know precisely how the next day will play out before you get there? To have those surprising little moments that make you fall back in love again and again?
5-6 ripe tomatoes, sliced thinly and seeded
a pause and let's go
We were always meant to take our own journey through this story and we were always supposed to take our own views from it and see things when we were ready to see them.
"Really?" Reply I, surprised. "Felt like longer! Think I had a weird dream to? I'm sure I was a cartoon!"
And that’s depressing.
C: Yep, and I’m not even going to bother looking at it.
so I placed the circle that I just cut on top of the clock,
And yet another weekend of exploring and getting to know this wonderful city. I am so in love with New York… I feel so cliché and like a broken record, but it is just so awesome here. The vibe is great and I can almost walk everywhere in Manhattan without a map (almost…;)).
“The English are like the Germans. They no longer know who they are – the British Empire has gone; they can’t define who they are. The Scots are like the Bavarians. The Scots know very well who they are, what their traditions are and I would love Scottish-type patriotism for Germany. It’s a positive, very inviting patriotism.
married: before 1846
He sees you pick your nose, scold your kids, kiss your husband, cut in line, smell your pits, hug your friend, ...
Then folks might say something like, "all right look, just calm down, let's talk this thing out".
Jenny wears a bright blue ribbon around her neck and an alarm clock “wristwatch” on her leg. She stands in the middle of a brightly lit stage in New York City. In the hushed theater, a pistol shot rings out. The matinee crowd gasps. Jenny, a 10,000 pound elephant, vanishes into thin air!
It is hurtful and I don’t want to hurt anyone,
3 onions
5. position caleb
For more information on ATTIKA 7, please visit these websites:
This one is great, but it ends quickly! It is a vintage pink shampoo cape with poodles on it! It ends in just 5 hours from my writing this. I am sure most of you ladies will be reading this after the fact, but I still wanted to share it with you for the sake of a smile. Click the image to go...
Whipped up this simple premie hat and had to share. I think the color change to a lighter color on the detail row makes the hat.
... anger at the government, which increases every day. Cuts in the short term will only cost more in the long term. And now here we are involved in a military attack on Libya, which I don't agree with, and where is the bloody money coming from for this? If we can afford expensive wars, then we can afford to put some money into our libraries, nurseries, and stop penalising the poor. Another link, this time to UNICEF's brilliant new Mind The Gap Campaign highlighting that 1 in 3 children in the UK LIVES IN POVERTY...
Woman is weaker and wild.
The placements are open to undergraduate students who wish to do a placement year within their degree programme, or students due to graduate this summer.
Obama did not name this old girlfriend even with a pseu­donym—­she was just “a woman” or “my friend.” That she remained publicly unidentified throughout his rise to national prominence became part of the intrigue of his New York period’s “dark years” narrative. His physical description was imprecise but close. Genevieve is five-seven, lithe and graceful, with auburn-tinged brown hair and flecks of brown, not green, in her hazel eyes. Her voice was confident and soothing. Like many characters in the memoir, he introduced her to advance a theme, another thread of thought in his musings about race. To that end, he distorted her attitudes and some of their experiences, emphasizing his sense that they came from different worlds. Decades later, during an interview in the Oval Office, Obama acknowledged that, while Genevieve was his New York girlfriend, the description in his memoir was a “compression” of girlfriends, including one who followed Genevieve when he lived in Chicago.
laid back the school was. Students took their shoes off along with
OK it’s Monday morning….trying to get last minute details sorted out re: Fort Severn trip (yes, we’re actually heading up FINALLY this week LOL LOL)….and I’m waiting to hear back on a couple of calls (I love ‘modern technology’ like voice mail….especially if I never get a reply LOL LOL)….any way I thought I’d share a few more quotes regarding the canoe….and its part in one’s paddling:
- brian lavelle - ustrina - afe records - 2008
A mother who drank. I knew it was going to cause a reaction. But I did not leave it out, because in order to know how I arrived at certain places, you need you know where I came from.
Well if Niger had a tiny population and billions of barrels of oil, I'm sure it's people could take a year off to pop out kids. This is about economics and how some countries are more lucky than other with resources.
-Gained a lot more control of your head and body. You are rocking to your side when on your tummy and we know you will roll over any day.
I’m sorry. But after mentally discoursing with myself for days now about what it means to be “Mom Enough,” among other things, I’ve got to let it out (or else be REALLY not Mom enough, when I end up rocking and muttering under the bedclothes because I’ve pent up all the things I want to say).
What makes up a true revolutionary? After seeing Romero (1989), The Motorcycle Diaries (2004) and both of Steven Soderberg’s CHE movies I come to the conclusion that many things make up a true revolutionary leader, but one of the most important attributes of a revolutionary is their love for humanity. Their willingness to fight to the death so that everyone gets treated with dignity and respect. Revolutionary leaders stand up against governments who treat their people (usually the poor) as less then human. The Motorcycle Diaries is a film that shows how Che Guevara was a person who cared for the people very early on in his life. He recognized abuse, he saw the suffering first hand. It was a film based on Che’s own diary. A diary he wrote as he went on a cross country motorcycle ride with is best friend. But there’s a moment on the film in which Che sees the overworked and underpaid mine workers, and he starts working right next to them, when he sees people desperately in need of medical attention and we see the compassion in his eyes, these are moments that let us see that even during his young formative years he was always concerned about the well being of the people. On The Motorcycle Diaries, we see Che during his early twenties, and we see how even then, he had the heart and compassion of a man who cared about the less fortunate, and would do anything to help them. We see the seeds of who would later become one of the truest revolutionary leaders to ever walk the face of the earth.
edoennig@joplin.k12.mo.us
The post title is just one of the wonderful compliments we got about our Sacred & Profane Love concert Friday night.
until all nations submit to the will of Allah and accept Sharia law!
MY KIDS ARE DISGUSTING!!
Boil the potatoes until the are tender in salted water. Saute the onions until they are tender. Place the milk, butter and garlic in a small pot, and bring up to a simmer over low heat. Place the cooked potatoes and onions in a bowl and add the milk mixture and mash the potatoes. Add the remaining ingredients. Place in the fridge to chill while you make your pasta.
May God give us the grace.
The court heard that Lee first came to know of the girl’s services from an online porn site ‘theviemodels.com’ ran by pimp Tang Boon Thiew who had sex with the same girl earlier for only $50.
D.A. Carson, Scandalous
5. If you want to gain muscle and lose fat, you need to make a commitment to your workout and diet in order to be successful. begin to visualize your self in the shape and tone you desire. SET A GOAL And then stay focused on that goal. You Will succeed.
What I did
1-2 teaspoons lemon juice
I also applied some industrial strength velcro tape to the backside of the ink supply container and the left rear side of the printer making the external ink supply and printer one functional unit for minor moving the printer around.
It has been said that many people live lives of quiet desperation. The idea is that they quietly endure their anxiety, uncertainty, and fears regarding their lives and future. They are desperate to find meaning in their lives but keep their doubts and concerns to themselves and put on a good face to the world so that everyone thinks that they are content, secure, and confident.
So, while you are making this recipe, you need to be careful because there are jalapenos being used. I have cooked several times with hot peppers, and never had any kind of issue…ever. Well, that was true until I made this last week. I had already put together the entire dish, and it was in the oven baking. I cleaned up the kitchen, washed my hands, and then went to the guest bathroom to install a towel rod. I got some dust in my eye after I drilled the hole into the wall, and naturally I wiped my eye with my hand. About 30 seconds later I felt my eye starting to burn a little bit….10 more seconds go by and it’s getting progressively worse. I tell my husband that I think I may have gotten pepper in my eye, and 2 seconds after that it feels like my eye is ON FIRE and I start screaming and running into the kitchen to wash it out. Taking the head from the sink, I run the water over my eye for about 5 minutes, and I still feel no relief. I had my laptop open on the counter and was telling my husband to look up something to help. One article suggests to pour milk into your eye. Okay. I take a cup of milk and hold it up to my eye and slowly let the milk surround my eye. No relief. I continue doing this for a few minutes. It’s not helping. Then, I start to think that maybe the pepper residue is on my contact, so I decide I have to take it out. I wash my hands 3 more times, and then take out my contact and my eyes seriously starts burning like it is on super fire again. So I start screaming again, and repeat this whole process with the water and milk. Finally after about 20 minutes it’s started feeling bearable, and slowly got better. Then I was paranoid that I still had pepper residue on my hands, but how could I get it off?? I already washed my hands at least 10 times, and then they still burned my eye when I took my contact out. Thank god for the internet because there were tons of different suggestions…lemon juice, oil, Dawn, alcohol, acne face wash….. So I tried it all, several times each. I didn’t touch my eyes or face for the rest of the night, and I was super paranoid to put my contacts in the next morning (a new pair, because I was paranoid the other pair was contaminated with Jalapeno residue), but I when I put them in nothing happened and I felt like I was in the clear. I noticed a few times throughout the day though, that after I touched my face that area of skin would start burning slightly. This was all very weird.
Nov 2008 California (prop 8), Arizona, Florida put in Constitutional bans.
I taught her the words to the chorus and she loved singing along. So, what else could I do? I whipped out my laptop and started playing the song. After dancing around her room for a while I also introduced her to the song I’m Sexy And I Know It. The favorite part of the song being the Wiggle, Wiggle, Wiggle part. Yep. If you ever wondered the kind of influence I have, THIS. IS. IT.
So after reading this book for months
I know I'm repeating myself, but David's mom bailed when it came time for Dude's visit, and just to make it more interesting, she didn't call for the preceding 3 weeks, waiting until just 3 days before she was supposed to pick him up before informing me of her decision. After that unpleasant phone call there was 4 solid days of trying to explain to Dude why he wasn't taking a plane ride this year, and how it wasn't his fault.
* “Rise”
Mr. Tibbs came, much to my surprise, dressed in a fine jacket and waistcoat, a gold pocket watch, and wore a hat every bit as well made as my own. Were it not for his mutton-chop sideburns and swarthy complexion, I would never have recognized the chap. I had rather expected the fawning, simpering idiot in a boatswain’s uniform, a tin signal whistle dangling from his neck. He had a serious expression, a sharp eye, and he shook my hand with the firm grip of a naval officer. “Mr. Banks, I am very pleased to see you, sir. The Admiral sends his thanks.”
I’m so happy to be back at aerial. Plus this time I get to learn trapeze! Fucking trapeze, bitches! I’ve got two lovely lady friends going with me and I couldn’t be more thrilled with the whole damn thing.
She managed to hold it together pretty well on camera telling the judges
I mentioned this already, but you need to think movie trailer in a written form. You need to construct your blurb in a form to sell your book. Entice an audience. Get them to take your book home (virtually or physically).
"Though we were one-time political opponents, I am happy to say Gerry and I became friends in time — a friendship marked by respect and affection. I admired Gerry in many ways, not the least of which was the dignified and principled manner she blazed new trails for women in politics." — Former President George H.W. Bush.
Today I am going to force myself to gather up his banking and do that, hopefully without crying. No promises when I will take care of the clothes, pictures, etc. Right now I'm taking baby-steps.
Now, coming back to my post. My first attempt at making puff pastry egg tarts was a failure, the pastry turned out hard! So I flipped through my old recipe books and came across a 'Pate Sucree' foundation recipe for pastries which looked easy enough to experiment with. The result was satisfactory and even though it's not puff pastry, it did go down well with the egg custard, well at least the guinea pig remarked that this time around, the tarts do have some 'standard'! That's a consolation!
The tracker looked directly at the third man, “You going with them?”
Our vegetables were a tribute to winter, with three shades of white provided by braised fennel, baby turips and baby leeks. These were all cooked sous vide, a process that Pig Flyin' says is ideal for speed and efficiency.
When, in 1864, Union Army General Sherman ordered troops in Georgia to march from Atlanta to coastal Savannah, he created what became known as the “scorched earth” policy. His troops killed livestock, burned crops, and foraged and consumed supplies. What became of the Georgians in his way – many of them children and women, some of them pregnant women – was immaterial. Certainly many died of hunger. Since transportation was impossible, others died of injuries or loss of blood.
My life isn't meant to be easy.
Here are mine:
"He didn't rise bodily. When he appeared to the disciples, he used different bodies as he pleased."
In fact, some carriers even specialize in high-risk classes. Yes, the coverage will probably be more costly than it would be for someone in perfect health, but companies will work with you in order to accommodate your needs. “The key is to be truthful about your health upfront, says Udell.
Collins says her inspiration for the books rose from scenes of the war in Iraq and the popularity of "reality" shows. The final scenes of Mockingjay involve street fighting that comes right out of the nightly news feeds from the Middle East. Her descriptions reminded me of newsreel coverage showing American GIs fighting their way into Italian villages. Panem, the remnants of the United States after a vague disaster, hints at 1984, Brave New World, or North Korea. It is is a centralized totalitarian government that controls its citizenry by keeping it underfed and overworked. The techniques for maintaining an ancient empire still work today. Or tomorrow?
The second sort of knowledge I will call practical, because it exists only in use, is not reflective and (unlike technique) can not be formulated in rules... "
Started reading Hunger Games yesterday. I think I might be the last person on the Planet Earth who's not read the book, which I am enjoying. Well put together read for a younger crowd. I refrained reading it before I went to bed tonight, because I had to be up 6 hours later. Joke's on me, I guess. Maybe my brain Wanted to read the kids book!!!!!
You can't really see it in any of these pictures, but right here, we also have three large bulletin/magnetic boards hung, one right above the other, to pin any special art projects onto, as well as our weekly calendar.
Willemijn is Dutch, but she also speaks German and English as well as her native language. She's an extremely talented singer and stage actress, and she's pretty famous in Europe, especially in Germany and her native Holland. Seriously, she is amazing!!
“They are back together. Ultimately they enjoy spending time together and they wanted to give it another shot. They make each other laugh and they are both very supportive of one another’s successes.”
Goodies in rather thin issue include a review by Gareth Morgan (Taylor Wessing) of the royalties dispute between Cambridge Antibody Technology (alias CAT) and Abbott Laboratories that ended in victory for the triumphant licensor over use of its Humira product. There's also a challenging piece by Wim Nauwelaerts (from the Brussels office of Hogan and Hartson) entitled: "Whose DNA is it Anyway? Testing Genetics Under the Auspices of EU Data Privacy Law" - a new slant to an old problem, the IPKat thinks.
A private yacht charter could be for you, if you are reading this, then you are obviously half way there. If you still have any reservations, just call one of the companies you can find on Google. Honestly, it really is not beyond your reach, and it could most definitely stand out as one of your best memories for years to come. Remember the first step is a decision and then the next step is to gather information. All that is left to say is “have a good trip”. More information about it on our web page: shiptransfer.net
Brings me the glory that finally weakens my knees
This query does what it needs to do: entices me to read pages.
Emerita (Emy) De La Pena, 32, New York, N.Y.
Armagiddeon Time
You can't assume that everyone has the same idea about what entails a good lesson, so it is essential that you communicate it from the VERY FIRST MEETING. Type up the expectations in a concise manner and distribute them to every member. Make sure new members receive them before deciding whether to join or not. (SEE BELOW FOR SPECIFIC THINGS TO CONSIDER IN CREATING THE GUIDELINES)
What is CMR-FAX?
Our goals are to complete 30 pieces of art that make people “wake up” in another notion of reality and generate reflection on the viewer and also to successfully integrate our ideas and explore different techniques.
— Be vigilant and courageous about holding those with power accountable.
I've always created things with my hands. Physical objects that I could hold and say, "Look what I made!" I lived off the high I got from it.
I need to invest in a vacuum sealer, but for now I bagged them up and stored them in the freezer. I managed 850g (dried weight) of the Bramling Cross and 580g of the Target.
Each Monday I am going to name, describe the function and then demonstrate an exercise for a muscle or muscle group.
This layout was made during the Make It Scrappy last night. I was 1/2 way through when Captain Americacalled. Sigh. It's so much better to fight in person, you know. Fighting on the phone is very unsatisfying - ROFL!!! 19 days till he gets home :)
now showing a re-curvature prior to NC. Still bears watching but trend
I'm getting rather involved these days with organising our forthcoming OCC shoebox campaign, and the time seems to fly by, but I'm confident that my 100 puppets will be completed in a week or two.
She stilled, her head jerked up and she bumped it against the opening. “Ow. Dammit.” She rubbed the wild curls on top of her head, then backed all the way out and sat on the floor, adjusted the tortoise-shell glasses that had ridden down the bridge of her very cute nose.
They smile.
Thanks for all your get well wishes on my neck sprain. About 75% better than yesterday. Thats why I was able to do a lot of work today. Hopefully by tomorrow, I will be well 100% :)
For some reason, wild grapevines run rampant in this section of woods. There is so much and the vines are so heavy that they're killing trees.
Well, it's been difficult, getting to this place. Especially knowing that I have to do good, and not let other people down. It's not just about me, but really it is, because the spotlight is shining, and I have to make good. And knowing that I have to prove, to myself, that those who oppose me, have no power in my life.
Wyllys – St. John's Lodge No. 4 A.F. & A.M. will present an Evening With Andrew Hammer, Author of the book, "Observing the Craft"
So lets look at the Twitter situation: You’re angry that a footballer from your team has been put away because of some slag and you take to Twitter to vent your frustration. You see someone else openly abusing her, so you do it too. You see people saying that any other lad would do the same – that they would do the same. Confirmation bias enters in – these are people who agree with you that this guy was stitched up by some silly bitch who can’t handle her drink, ‘yeah’, you think, ‘who wouldn’t do the same, silly whore’, and you join in. #justiceforched you type. Then some of your new found compatriots start naming her and you are so caught up in this whirlpool that you do it too – stupid cow had it coming.
Confession.
in Melbourne this weekend.
This is just a scene of a group of boys talking, but what they say and how they say it tells us so much about what kind of kids they are and what has brought them to this point. You already want to spend the next couple hours hanging out with them.
2008: The Things They Carried, by Tim O’Brien
High Schooler Adrian Orange's debut record, released under his moniker, Thanksgiving, an outfit you can see live around Orange's hometown in Portland, Oregon, either as a group or as Orange solo, is We Could Be Each Other's Evidence.
Key Players: Marcus Denmon (17.6 ppg, 5.1 rpg), Kim English (14.9 ppg), Ricard Ratliffe (13.9 ppg, 7.5 rpg), Michael Dixon (13.3 ppg), Phil Pressey (10 ppg, 6.3 apg)
together with Martinez, an important member of the Juarez Cartel, convinces inexperienced young women from Colombia to undergo breast surgery as a means of obtaining a better life in another country. What they don't know is that in reality he uses them as "mules", sending them to Mexico while
Exhibiting these distinct artists together creates a powerful dynamism based on the collision of James Marshall’s graphic geometries with Greg Lamarche’s typographic savvy and cut-paper collages. The cross-pollination of visual and conceptual traits that occurs when viewing both bodies of work at once produces a new, combined aesthetic that is wholly unlike either Marshall or Lamarche’s artistic achievements on their own. That said, it would be an oversight to discount the similar visual and structural methodologies upon which these artists have built their practices.
I was forced to make this cake.
There is but only one Creator of this world, no matter what language you use, no matter which name you call God. All is One. The Divine Creator is not a contradiction unto Himself. There are not separate worlds for the different families of God. The different families of God are the same thing as the different faiths of God. All human beings on the planet at this time are ALL part of God’s human family. GOD LOVES US ALL.
Bath Tub – Fisher-Price Whale of a tub My daughter loves bathing in it. It fits well next to the kitchen sink and makes the bathing process very easy. The partition in the center is comfortable in holding the baby in place.
How's things with you all my lovelies? and for my men bloggers, my super friends? he he...
Brazil’s bank lending expanded last month at the slowest pace in two years, providing support to the central bank’s strategy of cutting borrowing costs to close to near-record lows to revive growth.
Back to Los Angeles – I was producing a photo shoot for a clothing designer, and one of the boy models was from the same state where I went to school. We’ll call him “M.” M and I kept in touch and I found him to be an awesome guy, except that he had an insane girlfriend who tried to kill every female who ever spoke to him. I’d kidnap him from her and we’d drive around and talk about basketball, living on the opposite side of the country from where we grew up, and what we hoped to get out of LA. M was always easy to be around, just like I found A to be.
August 2012
I found this online today... TOO CUTE!
I can remember growing up hearing that one had to be very careful when trying to capture a butterfly because they were so delicate. It may have just been the adults passing on misinformation, but we were told that even touching the wings would mean that the butterfly would not be able to fly. If any of you know if this is the case or not, feel free to set me straight. The point, though, is that these creatures of beauty are very delicate. Yet, they have the ability to migrate for 2,500 miles. I did a search, and found out that this trip would equal a 6-foot tall human walking around the earth eleven times; that is 273,917.05 miles and many pairs of shoes. So we have a creature that is so delicate that (allegedly) the gentlest touch could mortally damage it, yet they are capable of making a trip that makes ones feet hurt just thinking about it.
Sweet baby Noah...
3. Sprinkle some cheddar cheese and put under the broiler until cheese is melted.
At The Peak, overlooking Kowloon, Hong Kong. Two-strand twists pulled back in a bun.
J Japan
And last but not least:
but today we are headed to tucson, arizona for a few days, and since we are about to hit the road in just a few minutes, i don't have time to tell you about my adventures just yet. so i thought i would leave you with another guest post! hooray!
To go along with the cooking theme and Italian food,
She pushed hard against the long hand
Jaime’s Cryin
Butter- 1 1/2 tbsp, melted
Why the world will not end on December 21, 2012.
Aster Giant 4.26.12
6. My Romance
I've only had one fall, when a cousin in Essex took me out for a gallop on a hunter. I lost the stirrups and came off, but landed on my feet and wound up running alongside hanging onto the reins (it was drummed in from an early age; "If you come off, never let go"). As falls go it was probably quite elegant, but it wasn't the competently casual look I'd been aiming for.
I used the old fave 100 cookie recipe (or Too Many Biscuits) with my added twists that are as follows:
Robison replies, “I agree with both but especially the idea that writing engrosses me so thoroughly I get out of the hellbox. But there is this warning too, for me, to be saluted and defied, as William Carlos Williams said about a dangerous element, and the warning is Do Not Write Every Day.”
4. Adding all the women they met on the bars, pubs, clubs, streets etc (as in anywhere) in their Social networking sites jeje, they are thinking that they couldn’t miss that opportunity to put u in their list, so somehow they can connect with you.
but one day fall arrives with a chilly dawn.
Okay here is the video. Enjoy. Sorry it does not have Toby Mac doing anything live, but it has the lyrics :)
a. Walk into Mordor
- Karate films were banned in Iraq in 1979.
I love Jesus! I love God! I love the truth! I want to worship God, find the truth and share it. I want to be a servant of God. God has blessed me beyond compare and has given me the gifts and ability to serve him. One of the ways I serve God is by writing this blog. This blog is not for my glory but for God’s glory. I posted a blog last month titled “Easter Aliens or Easter Demons (You Decide)”. It turned out to be the most popular blog I have posted to date. I had many responses to that article. I received a response from a man named Larry who told me to read an article from a website called rapture ready about a topic called “The Two Sabbaths”. This theory to most would be considered heresy. I read it and researched it with an open heart and mind. It made sense to me but I wanted to be sure I was not being deceived because if I wrote a blog about it and later found out I was wrong, it would have been nothing more than blasphemy.
KEVIN CLASH
So, opposites resolved. They appear different yet are the same in many ways. Take a look at the photo above taken when they were much younger. They are three years apart, and although I don’t see it, people used to stop us in the street and ask if they were twins. Hardly, yet sort of.
Today, we'll be carving some of these!
Anyway, this is no scholarly write so please do not judge my strange ramblings too much. They may or may not make any sense to anyone and it would not surprise me if they dont. But this is the type of thought that my mind ponders all the time. How we are all living such different lives, but we cross paths and are affected by the same things as many others around us. So many tiny worlds doing their own living but all living together at the same time. It is pretty awesome (as in awe not shaka bra!).
Safe, stable and secure
I didn't have a Craft Room in our old house so today is a day I have been looking forward to for ages! I used furniture and storage bits we had in our old house and cobbled together what I think is a decent little area to craft in.
Thankfully the woman escaped unharmed from her vampy assailant. Police later found Bensley all but naked in parking lot sporting only his tattoos, body piercings and a pair of boxer shorts. Galveston Police Captain Jeff Heyse reported that upon apprehension, nosferatu boy claimed that he was “a 500 year old vampire that needed to feed”.
David Hockney is a special case in the art world: he is a representational painter in an era where conceptualism gets all the hypes. He is proud to paint all the works by himself. No assistant holding the brush… His painting is anchored in tradition. Like Constable, he goes outside to paint. Like Monet, he captures the seasons and comes back time and time again to the same spot in Yorkshire.
We took the usual trip to the local Organic Farmers Markets to pick up some more organic ingredients this morning. I love the hustle bustle of people getting breakfast, picking up their fruits and vegetables and all the while supporting local farmers.
"They don't know the true facts about our theatre activity. Somehow, they have been manipulated, they are getting it wrong. It is important to emphasise, we express our political views in many of our projects. But like other theatre companies and dance companies in Israel, we are state-financed, and financially supported to perform all over the country. This is the law. We have no choice. We have to go, otherwise there is no financial support. It is not easy. We have to be pragmatic." Of the 1,500 performances given by the company every year, he said that about "four or five" were in the Ariel settlement in the West Bank. "It is a little bit out of proportion to represent us this way.
Women love a man who is great. But not because he is great. Cor De Jonghe
after a half hour ordeal, it was finally over. I was highly embarrassed, but it makes for a great story.
I’m going to talk about the second option in more detail. It might be a little more up-front work, because each fragment must work well across separate activities, but it usually pays off. It means that you can use alternative layout files that define different fragment combinations, keep fragment code modular, simplify action bar management, and let the system handle all the back stack work.
and each page of that book
"Sweetheart of the Rodeo"
I hadn't seen him for a few years, but my most treasured memory of him was what I always associated with him - a warm embrace - as I stepped off of an airplane to spend the weekend at his Calgary home. He and my Aunt Kay had opened up their home to me when I managed to land an interview at one of the city's thriving magazines. They had great plans for me. I was to move there and offered up their basement as my temporary home base for as long as it took to find my permanent place in Calgary. It was all set and they were excited for me and looking forward to having me in their home. That's how both my aunt and uncle were - unassuming people quick to lend a hand to anyone in need.
He discusses the Bragg Road Lights, strange manifestations of energy that regularly appear on and around a certain road in the Big Thicket. The spherical “ghost lights” are said by some observers to behave unlike any energy source in nature, and some even believe the lights to either possess consciousness or to respond to the consciousness of human observers.
I made up some Phyllo Pockets with the rest of the phyllo dough from Torta Pasquelina. I’m never going to bother with white phyllo dough again – it was so hard to work with, sticking together and tearing – last time I used whole wheat and it was much easier, but they didn’t have it at the store this time.
Even Tony Pua, the party’s national point man for the Kuching campaign, was surprised at the response. They knew the Chinese in Sarawak were restless but they had not expected this boiling point kind of sentiment.
One thing I find interesting is that Protestants are more in favour of the death penalty than Catholics. I doubt many European Protestant are in favour, so why the difference?
The screen showed “Entry not found. Try your search again.”
Here are some gorgeous pictures while you wait. I know you love fluffy clean diapers! Summer is coming and your cute baby can just wear one of these!
Let’s think of it in a different way. A different form of entertainment that cuts through different social groups, is equally popular, and a multimillion Pound industry. So, let’s choose the music business.
Phreak: Reported for writing satirical parodies about the League of Legends Tribunal on the forum and a blog.
Google+: www.gplus.to/itpilipinas
Brulee sighed. “I am meaning, to set on up, to sleep in.”
Every time I look at it I get so excited now! I have to admit that when we first found out that they accepted our offer it was kind of a mix of emotions.
So jump on over to My Sheri Crafts Challenge Blog to check out what the Design Team has created and submit your project. You could be our next guest designer!
You gotta love a farmboy.
Speakers – Logitech AudioHub Notebook Speaker System
University of London
I want to make hers just as special
Drathro, called the Immortal by humans, was an L3 maintenance robot created by the Three Sleepers to watch over them and their secrets while they rested in suspended animation. It was in charge of the underground Marb Station on Ravolox in 2,000,000,000 CE.
Thanks for popping in girls. Have a fun day!
If you've got time, I'd love to hear how you are doing with the new techniques. I enjoy all the pictures Tim posts of the process...
To its credit, the V.A. has established a suicide hotline and appointed suicide-prevention coordinators. It is also chipping away at a warrior culture in which mental health concerns are considered sissy. Still, veterans routinely slip through the cracks. Last year, the United States Court of Appeals in San Francisco excoriated the V.A. for “unchecked incompetence” in dealing with veterans’ mental health.
Here lies Duval,
The next important question to ask is this: “What did we do right to bring us to this crisis we now face?”
One precious Christmas I could not believe a present awaited me--my brother, sister, and I squealed to find one for each of us--and I held in my hands a Christmas Album with a variety of singers and old-time favorites. Nat King Cole sang Ms. Santa Claus, Dean Martin sang Buon Natalie, and Wayne Newton, in that hauntingly waif-ish voice sang The Little Drummer Boy.
Most people become delusion in the music industry, one reason because money rules everything.
As someone who is fascinated by Babel, I am even more fascinated by how the Holy Spirit’s power brings sense with it, and babbling to an end. Once upon a time, Men declared that they would build a tower to the heavens, and as they set to work, God noted that nothing would be too difficult for them. I wonder what he meant by that, and what good a ziggurat would do them, or whether Genesis 11 excises some detail of what arcane thing they sought. I wonder if He was determined that, having separated themselves and their desires from Him, men would not long remain united in purpose with each other. I wonder, Heaven having split our languages apart, what truths are revealed in one language that are revealed differently, or not at all, in another. Shall the polyglot have some better understanding of God due to his study? What about the philologist? Ought the Babelfish to look more sinister now, since it undoes Babel without the aid of the Paraclete? What truth did Charlemagne know when he said “to speak a second language is to have a second soul”?
Kristi had come out of adversity and blossomed like a butterfly! She reached for her dreams in a manner that was so filled with light, so free spirited it was inspiring. Honestly, at the time, it scared me. But only because I was afraid to step off the path, out of my comfort zone, and travel into the unknown. Not her. She packed up her car and hit the road, blazing a trail all the way up to Northern California where she found what she was looking for - a place that felt like home. Destination – a special film school. In no time she was the camera operator for the NBC News affiliate in Eureka, CA where she then resided. Her life was looking up. She simply glowed with newfound ambition and happiness. So where did it all go wrong?
-Toddler aged children
A friend has asked me if I know more about Keats' notion of negative capability, as mentioned in my blog of the other day. Well, no, I don't know more about what he personally had to say about it.
Can you believe I just wrote that out loud?
There’s this one song we wanted to sing, forgive me that we’re not, we’re just not quite comfortable with our arrangement of it yet, and with some of the words we’ve been adding — it’s an Isaac Watts hymn again that we’ve added some different words to at various points, and it’s just not quite there yet so we’re not going to sing it, but let me read you some of the words. Imagine if we sang this, what it would have to sound like, and how hopeful it would be:
I had just finished my swim sets a couple days ago at the pool (doing freestyle) when the young man who was sharing my lane told me that he was training for his first triathlon. Naturally, this spawned additional conversation. Before we were finished, he told me how much he’d been swimming and asked: “Can you help me figure out why my shoulders are killing me?”
“When groups like HRC let businesses know that they are going to be measured and scored based on their corporate policies, the businesses evaluate themselves for changes based on community expectations and on the practices of their competitors.
“How do Israelis feel on their Independence Day? For the past number of years, the most apt comparison would be to the feeling of a birthday party celebrated at the bedside of a terminally ill patient. You can’t not attend, you can’t not express your good wishes and you can’t not celebrate — at least for outward appearances.”
Much love to you.
Dropping towels, and the jerky way he
It’s been more than 2 weeks since my niece, Reine, move in. It’s been awhile since we had a little baby in the house. My nephew, Zap is now 3 years old. So we have a new “stuff toy” that we need to take care of.
I'll have lots more about our weekend getaway to San Fran as well as my week in New York next week, but for now I'm excited to enjoy my time in the city with my family! See you next week loves and get excited for my guest posters! Xoxo
Now, as I love to say, I'm gifting it forward! Now it's up to you. I am making our family five year plan available to you as a free printable! May this be a turning point in your family's life and make your everyday brighter.
This year the Telegraph newspaper is making its 22nd annual Christmas Charity Appeal on behalf of three charities.
- If you want to be loved, be lovable. ~ Ovid
Paper: Cascata & DCWV
His name is Bradley and he just turned 3. I have been following his story since Feb. of this year. He went to the doctor with an ear ache and eventually found out he had a brain tumor, a rare form and he has beat t...e odds so far.See More
Henry Peach Robinson, 1858
craft foam shamrocks
Many years ago when I was my old self (that shy, embarrassed, wouldn't say boo to a goose self), I needed to visit the dentist. My husband Gary (who was my boyfriend at the time) made me an appointment. On the morning of the appointment, there was a problem. Gary couldn't remember which dentist he'd contacted - great! So, we drove to the closest dentist surgery and looked at the name plates outside.
None of these are inherently bad ideas, if they were undertaken by the private sector on its own accord. Secretary Chu instructing the PMAs to “to take a leadership role in transforming our nation’s electric sector,” however, seems like a backdoor move to work toward the Administration’s agenda of incorporating more alternative energy sources in the power grid. This approach is bad policy for several reasons:
I went down to one of the stations that the paper was being handed out at to pick myself up a copy. Sadly I think I must have missed them, as the only papers being handed out by the time I got there was the Evening Standard. I must admit to being a tad deflated as I was so excited about holding something I had written in my own hands, but then I saw it, a copy of The Blog Paper lying dropped in the gutter (and yes, the delicious irony was not lost on me). With happy thoughts, I picked it up and flicked through the pages until I saw my article.
FDA Center for Tobacco Products scientist Brian Rostron has published a study finding “evidence of lower lung cancer mortality risk among menthol smokers compared with nonmenthol smokers at ages 50 and over in the U.S. population.” His research is available online in the journal Nicotine & Tobacco Research (abstract here).
Astrologers read horoscopes by judging the results of each “house” in a chart. I will explain how to do it. This is not exactly an “entry level” article, but I will try to write it in such a way that you will come away with important knowledge regardless of your current level of understanding astrology.
And speaking of home over here in West Tennessee… although I had heard and read about and seen some of the horrible devastation in Dyersburg, pictures that were forwarded to me of the flooding in Jackson struck it home even more.
My mind swims….jackass…nope, definitely no…jittery…still no…jaguar…PANTS ba ito? Ito pa…jaundice…I did get jaundice when I was born. My mom said I had yellow skin, and they had to put me in an incubator. Ok concentrate.
“And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women. As also the high priest doth bear me witness, and all the estate of the elders; from whom also I received letters unto the brethren, and went to Damascus, to bring them which were there bound unto Jerusalem, for to be punished.”
The Death March:
It echoed in her head, as though something inside her knew it applied to him even when she had never heard the word before tonight.
Summer romances begin for all kinds of reasons, but when all is said and done, they have one thing in common. They’re shooting stars, a spectacular moment of light in the heavens, fleeting glimpse of eternity, and in a flash they’re gone.
A clear belief system was not part of my upbringing. My father was raised Jewish, my mother Protestant and my best friend was a Mormon. I only went to church when I was paid to play my horn. I once told my father that the reason our family was dysfunctional was because we didn’t go to church together. We can joke about it now but at the time it was the cry of a teen looking for answers.
... and Penny on my right. As they sleep around me, half on me, I am covered with soft, warm, sleeping teddy bear creatures, and I thank God for them every day.
Tapping a number two pencil against her smooth chin, Violet answered.
Throughout the boom years, these banks were allowed to write their own rules. What this meant, in essence, was that a bank which might once have considered it risky to lend ten times its share capital would now lend up to four times that amount.
Anyway, think about that idea and whether or not you'd want to be on the email list. In the meantime, as promised, the recipes we collected yesterday are listed below.
As if this Big Brother victimization of Herbert Doe wasn't bad enough, Idema made him his “Gofer” for extensive business legwork and many personal errands, which involved extensive travel in the eastern United States and Mexico. The bulk of this travel were trips to and from the Idema building in Fayettsville, North Carolina; the deceased Idema father's house in Poughkeepsie, New York where the house, hanger and plane were located; and Mexico to “coordinate” matters with “CEO” Idema. Of course, this hard work and expense of many thousand dollars was accomplished without compensation from Idema.
You make my heart laugh out loud.
However, leaked documents revealed that limits for waiting times at Heathrow’s Terminal 3 were broken 107 times in just two weeks.
22.- Pray with your children.
In Davao del Sur Wednesday, four NPA rebels and a government militiaman were killed as government forces repulsed rebel attack of an Army detachment in Magsaysay town.
It's Wednesday again, and I'm going slightly batty over here trying to resist the temptation to peak at/meddle with/completely re-write FF before I have given myself a decent amount of distance. I've ploughed through a few books - one of which I'll be reviewing on Monday - and I've recorded myself singing the blues - which I'll post on Friday. And today I shall be announcing the winner of Angel by L.A. Weatherly.
Please click on the link to go to the original post and recipe :)
We have space - kennel runs and cat runs available for pets from the hurricane in our new facility in Frisco, Texas(North Dallas). Please let me know of any groups or people who will be needing space.
To never withhold our short-lived extravagance
He surprised me with this purse on my birthday in February.
The long ago Love
Open up Bob Gruen’s book and the throbbing nights will come flooding out at you and with them the faces, wild-eyed but far from innocent, without a hint of irony, parody or American Express exclusivity - a lovingly detailed kaleidoscopic account of a bygone time when Rock & Roll was bible strong in this town.
Preheat over 425.
This remarkable recording documents Yes summoning a strong thunderstorm on a summer’s afternoon. The clouds gather, thunder booms and rain pours as the band plays “And You And I” and “Heart of the Sunrise.” Natural rumblings augment Rick Wakeman’s synthesized bombing of London and the Hallelujah Chorus. Jon and Steve both seem at ease with the situation. Jon sings a bit of The Eagle’s hit “Take It Easy” (The Eagles were opening for Yes on this leg of the tour) and Steve chimes in with a few chords of “It Don’t Come Easy,” a hit for Ringo Starr during the same period. Jon also suggests that “everybody from the back come and sit on everybody's knee and we'll have a good time” while it rains. Whether or not that happened cannot be gathered from the recording, but the crowd never loses its enthusiasm for the music. By the time Yes returned to the stage for their encore, “Yours Is No Disgrace,” the clouds had parted and the rain ended.
It is her eighty-third Spring.
I said
"How do I know if Jim Morrison is dead?" Fine asked. "How do I know he's dead except that somebody told me that?"
There was a bit of a Mexican stand off under my hanging baskets. It was so embarrassing.
How zen is that? :)
But I think I was thinking of the windspren from The Way Of Kings, but this is very green, and somehow …
A Crime Scene Unit detective came out of the van and walked over to us. The officers left.
The featured post is actually an older one- from last year's Halloween season. I love to share ideas, projects & recipes that I find inspiring- and that was basically what this post was about. It is no secret that I adore Black & White in my art & home decor- usually paired with red, pink- or at Halloween time- orange!
Choose some or all of the root veggies below:
I do love you.. 100% always and forever… and never give up hope that you will one day talk to me….
the bottom, a mother in the dark
Leo told me that the Community Center in Red River has a number of historic photos hanging on it’s walls. This Community Center is the same building where Mildred Packer had hoped to go square dancing the night she took her own life. Leo told me to find a specific photograph hanging on the east wall about 15 feet from the main entrance. He told me it would be a color photo that would have a caption that it was taken in 1989. Then, with a laugh, he told me to make sure and her look at her “shoes”.
Its sense of self was so large that the mere act of watching a baby take a step and then tumble was so gratifying that he told himself, “What a stupid baby. Its legs do not work correctly and yet, people aren’t visiting MY blog? They’re visiting this silly baby’s blog? Come on, at least this man can walk.”
When fourteen suns had faintly journey’d o’er his dark abode:
When thou, for all thy gold, so common art!
When Gilbert does write in scene, the descriptions and discussions have depth and impact. However, the dramatic action, when in evidence, is secondary. Her character emotional development and search for resolution and God over time carries the significance.
By the way, do you ever blame Mondays for things happening to you?
What’s the point of posting this? Apart from simply thinking that reading was neat, I think that this passage from Wisdom was probably one of the texts that came to Paul’s mind as he was writing his letter to the Romans. There are several verse correlations noted in the Greek New Testament linking Wisdom 12 and 13 with Romans 1, so I know it’s not just me making this up. At the very least, the subjects are related, and our understanding of both passages can be better informed by the other. And, as “intolerant” as our culture might label it, one of the underlying lessons that both passages teach us is that ignorance is foolishness.
18. Land Of Hope And Dreams
N.b., You can easily go forward or backwards through Congresses by using the links provided at the bottom of the box on the upper right, just below where the Sessions dates are shown.
Just those few seconds of seeing her made me incredibly happy, and the whole film is an extraordinarily pretty and witty little creation, i can't see why it was left in obscurity for so long. Here are some screen caps:
Willamette - Hybrid of the Fuggle grown in Oregon. Moderate bitterness and spicy aroma. Alpha rating 4-6, used for bittering or finishing ales.
METAL GEAR SOLID HD Collection includes, METAL GEAR SOLID 2: Sons of Liberty and METAL GEAR SOLID 3: Snake Eater. Featuring upgraded graphics from the original releases on the PlayStation®2, both titles include Transfarring, where players can transfer save data from their PlayStation®3 METAL GEAR SOLID HD Collection to their PlayStation®Vita system and start the action from where they left off.
we met up with friends at oakwood park, lunched at cafe carolina
What about the amazing travel plan that the same Olympic Delivery Authority announced in 2007 to cope with the extra people? It says:
Harvest warm (Summer) Mother turned ancient cold (Winter) Crone reborn as fresh (Spring) youthful Virgin. And the cycle continues.
Check your body type before you indulge your self in shopping spree to avoid wasting your savings in pieces that wouldn’t add any weight to your look and would rather make you look like a total mess.
OK, some more lyrics. I really, really love this track. Didos ‘Thankyou’:
“Is that your own cello?”
If you haven't already shopped at the Ribbon Girl you need to pop along, there is much more than just ribbon.
Mind you, it's not reliable, I have heavy duty sleep skillz, I can zizz all the way into the afternoon if I know there's nothing pressing to do.
When things are rough.
CD #2 highlights include: “White Christmas”, “Deep Purple”, “Without A Song” and “Moonglow.”
7) Promote your campaign and educate employees, results, strengths, weaknesses and opportunities.
And don’t get me wrong: I still do. But sometimes I’m in no mood for roasted veggies, pasta, couscous, rice, bread, or anything else, and there is nothing else left than doughy noodles. I always imagine a noodle dish to be fresh, spicy, full of flavors, simple. My noodle dishes always turn out the exact opposite of all that. I figured the only way to prepare a successful noodle meal was to follow a recipe. Strictly.
We've also added an end panel to the window seat to create a little entry area off the back porch, with a place to hang a jacket or a dog leash. This makes the window seat a cozier spot to curl up in, too! We added beaded board paneling to the entry area and the cabinet sides for a touch of hominess.
“We know from previous research,” said Dan Kahan, “that people with individualistic values, who have a strong attachment to commerce and industry, tend to be skeptical of claimed environmental risks, while people with egalitarian values, who resent economic inequality, tend to believe that commerce and industry harms the environment.”
But my potential hung there in the air around me just the same. What did I want to do with all that potential? What did I want to BE?
"I think our love can do anything we want it to..."
Venue: Malcolm X Community Centre, St Pauls, Bristol
Question for Reflection:
French:
show in every project you submit!
Hold hands and stick together.
A review of the siftware “Learn Photoshop In 2 Hours” and if it can live up to the advanced billing.
Oh, how my soul delights to hear
To follow Jesus’ way, you don’t just follow a plan or a path, you follow a Person. You follow Jesus Himself. You come to know Him faith. Then, you learn from Him by reading the Bible and letting the Holy Spirit guide you.
4. Season Two – Narrowly lose out to season three
Anna’s in her office when Jae Hyuk comes up and this time, she turns her chair around so as to not face him. He asks her out on lunch but she doesn’t have an appetite and asks what happened with his mother? What would she like to do now? She reminds him that he said he would make the decision and tells him to. He accepts her last offer of break up and tells her it will be as she wanted-everything stays the same except their relationship. He says it seems the most he can do for her and tells her to look for him anytime she wants help. She looks crushed and asks if he likes Ga Young that much? He asks why that’s relevant and she tells him it’s the same as before, when he left another woman for her (Anna.) Oooohhh! He points out, “There’s one difference. Lee Ga Young doesn’t like me.”
8 ) At this point, most of my sleeve was soaking wet. I wrestled the handle on my own for the next few minutes, but it was like a Three Stooges movie in there. I was attempting to screw the handle back into the top of the faucet, but the water wouldn’t let me get that close, so I pressed my hand over the faucet to decrease the pressure and get the handle on there a little bit at a time, but it didn’t work either.
Number Three (in no particular order):
One of this artists past pieces was to carve with razor blade on her stomach. Sweet! Now I know that in junior high I wasn't just cutting...I was creating. I was doing a performance piece! Shame those doctors weren't smart enough to understand it.
The only reasons for buying more than one share would be financial: to get a greater return. So pension funds (who invest primarily for a financial return rather than for control) would be affected less than someone like Rupert Murdoch.
GDC'S NOVEMBER NEWSLETTER is out. It notes the 100th anniversary of the IQ test and presents an article titled "The WISC-IV Integrated for 2e Learners," with tips for identifying and accommodating 2e kids through WISC-IV results. In addition, the newsletter notes that four GDC speakers will present at the TAGT conference coming up in Austin. Find the newsletter. Separately, Linda Silverman was able to arrange a "conference within a conference" at TAGT on testing the gifted. She says, "Anyone who tests gifted and 2e kids should be there. Find more about TAGT.
ATTENTION: GRAMMAR D*CKS. PEOPLE PROBABLY AREN’T READING YOUR BLOG BECAUSE IT’S BORING!! IT MAY BE GRAMMATICALLY CORRECT, BUT THAT DOESN’T MEAN IT’S INTERESTING.
Of course there's always the chance that Black Swan Mila Kunis was the source of the writing, for all i know she might have been in Fette Sau, sampling choice cuts of meat, or even in Brooklyn or possibly bored. How can we be sure??? Mila?
Leave to cool slightly then serve warm or at room temperature with some butter/replacement.
Workshops: Bring us to your school, clinic, or organization for one of our popular “I Have an iPad…Now What?” workshops where we share everything from our favorite tried and true apps to tips on using them with kids – plus peripherals like styluses, paintbrushes, and the best cases for kids! For information on where we will be presenting to the general public next, watch this board. And if you’d like to have us come to you, call us at 773-988-0820 to schedule.
Beverly's first venture into adult fiction is the best-selling trilogy, The Heritage of Lancaster County, including The Shunning, a suspenseful saga of Katie Lapp, a young Amish woman drawn to the modern world by secrets from her past. The book is loosely based on the author's maternal grandmother, Ada Ranck Buchwalter, who left her Old Order Mennonite upbringing to marry a Bible College student. One Amish-country newspaper claimed Beverly's work to be "a primer on Lancaster County folklore" and offers "an insider's view of Amish life."
All papers are SU, distressed all the edges, image stamped on XPress Blending Card, the background was created dotting around the image with the grey copics.
But that didn’t stop Bloomberg, US News & World Report and Forbes from writing about how the Mancession started and how, depending on who you ask, it might possibly kind of be over. What do you think? Dumb way of saying a lot of men are unemployed (or were) or perfect description?
The president and other administration officials have complained loudly for months that, despite significant base rate cuts by the central bank, interest rates on loans for companies and for consumers have barely fallen. The banks said that a high tax burden, high labor costs and difficulties collecting on bad loans make lending more expensive in Brazil than in other parts of the world.
The human heart is a four chambered organ. When the functioning of any of these chambers is affected, the blood pumping capacity of the heart gets reduced. Disease of the heart chambers include congestive heart failure (heart failure) or the pulmonary heart disease in which the ventricle gets enlarged. In congestive heart failure, the heart is either not able to receive enough blood from the lungs or cannot force out oxygenated blood to the rest of the body or both.
NAAIM Survey of Manager Sentiment
Now you are speaking in praise of a firebug: “There are 100,000 Armenians living in my country who are not its citizens. And if necessary, I can say to them: Go, back to the land you came from.” Direct quote from Erdogan — the speech of a thug.
What Would the Founders Do? Richard Brookhiser
Woody Allen, who's old enough to know better, said, "It would be good if Obama could be dictator for a few years because he could do a lot of good things quickly." Allen, who was also old enough to know better than to take nude photos of his teenage step-daughter, added, "I am pleased with Obama. I think he is brilliant. The Republican Party should get out of his way and stop trying to hurt him."
I present to you
She passed away this weekend.
Ben’s feet moved against his will while his mind screamed at him to stay where he stood, to regain his outrage, to speak and tell the bum and the doctor wherever she was in there also, off with scathing pieces of his mind. But as he opened his mouth the only words he could muster were speechless assent as terrifying wave of obligation washed over him and settled inexorably in his very marrow. When he did force his tongue to move in reasonable configuration it was merely to question “why?” He could not fully comprehend every why he wanted to know. Why was he here? Why was this sense of obligation to strong to refuse? Why was it there at all? Why now? Why did he have the horrible feeling that he’d had no chance from the moment he’d been born? Why was he terrified? Why wasn’t he terrified enough?
I was perusing this fine article on ESPN.com on baseball bars the other day to see which Wrigley bar would make the cut, Sluggers (to the webmaster of Sluggers, less is more guys) if you're interested, hoping it would be Goose Island's Wrigleyville establishment, when at number 7 some place called Chappell's Restaraunt and Sports Museum popped up for KC. It never even entered my mind that a KC bar would make the cut, I can't name one bar within a mile of the K and drinking at a bar is not a part of pre or post-K activities (it's usually drinking and peeing in the parking lot at the K). I'm pretty sure this place only got on the list because they've got a bitchin' memorabilia collection.Less than a 20-minute drive north from Kauffman Stadium fans will find what is considered the most impressive collection of sports memorabilia housed in any bar or restaurant in the United States.
eleven minutes before daybreak
Article 12
The designers received a HUGE amount of ribbon from May Arts, they were seriously so generous. I wanted to showcase as much of it as I could on my project, so here’s what I came up with:
A small drawing by Gary McMillan of a torn out newspaper page with sex hotline advertising, phone numbers with provocative but censored images. The drawing is so well executed that you can barely tell that it is a drawing, some people have remained unconvinced that it is even a drawing.
v) ‘Give alms only to the deserving Sunni Muslims poor but only once a year.’
A four year college degree in journalism. At least two years of experience as a sports anchor/reporter/photographer at a commercial television station.
4. Doctor 7
Totally matches our current situation, for “caution” is necessary in our every thought and actions on the path that we are walking on. Grateful that we are still walking:
Our winters are very mild, so we actually get to enjoy this space more
“Mr Marshall,” he began eventually, pausing to shift his weight another couple of times. “I been meaning to ask you something, if that is all right?” he carried on, uncertainly.
Another forgotten project is discarded.
This is the point at which you will hear every horror story EVER about phones that got wet and never worked again, and fried memory cards that melted to the inside of the phone so that your whole life is lost,*** and why don't you just take the battery out (um, hello? it's an iPhone, NOT a Blackberry. Because GOD FORBID Steve Jobs let us look inside our phones. Hey Steve? Pandora's Box it is NOT) and hey, did you hear about the rice trick?****
Now you’re worried about my comfort? Yes – there are drink machines attached to the gas tanks. How convenient.
A fitting gift for a bloggiversary.
One obvious solution is to close state-operated institutions and allow the private sector to provide services in the Intermediate Care Facilities for Intellectual Disabilities (ICF/ID) setting and allow the state to focus on its oversight role. Nationally, the cost of supports per person is $191,116 in a state-operated ICF/ID compared to $81,093 at a private ICF/ID. It is a conflict of interest for states to provide both the services and the oversight of these supports. The health and welfare of people with IDD is much too important to compromise by creating this obvious conflict of interest.
That cannot be true.
But we can’t all be Rembrandt now can we? No, so I’ve decided to study the Golden Section and incorporate elements of people’s work that I do so enjoy into my own. That being lines, textures, prisms, triangles, muted colors, animals, lack of color, eliminating elements of faces…the list goes on. I’m also learning I need…less control, maybe?, in my work. It needs more movement and fun!
Hopefully Congress will get a clue from the protests against SOPA and PIPA and drop them. If they don't, the people need to remind them when election time comes around again.
That causes his desire to wilt
Just to recap, when we get home from the grocery store, we spend a couple extra minutes making individual sized snack portions by dividing out bulk purchases into smaller grab and go baggies. Why? It's great for the entire family to quickly grab a healthy snack on the go. It is easy for the kids to pick a quick, healthy and portioned snack out when they get home from school, or to toss one in their backpack for an after school activity. I love that the items are portioned out and that no one is eating fist-fulls out of a big bag of chips or eating a couple crackers and forgetting to seal up the package.
Established in 1973 (and dubiously cleaned since - many exhibits were riddled with dead flies), Fairyland Village charges $9 for adults and $6 for children. Our party of 5 (2 couples + 1 child) came to a grand total of $42.
pre-recorded FM broadcast
Epic Fort Making
Less is more as long as its whole foods you are choosing. The more nutrition in the food the less food that will be needed to satisfy.
“Just have to do the best we can with who we’ve got, ain’t so?” James smiled, determined that none of these fretting points would dampen his day. “Seeya in a few. Or would ya rather I helped ya get Dat over to–”
This tutorial is photo intensive, as I show you not only how to make the fan but the card as well! Please click on the images to see them at full size to follow along with the instructions. (To do this simultaneously, right click on the image, then Open in New Window or Tab)
She put the burial rights out to the highest bidder, insisting only that the winning town change its name to Jim Thorpe.
Paper- SU lavendar, DSP DCWV glitter stack, metalics paper stack
DATE & GINGER COOKIES
The Rakyat are the bosses, not the BN ministers or police, and certainly not the EC, DBKL or DBKU.
A fat quarter bundle of Stockholm in the pink and red colorway is our giveaway this week.
Why are there so many frozen embryos?
We just finished speaking with the doctor who performed Sam's cath, and though we are still waiting to see the little guy, we have some updates. I won't go into extreme clinical detail (this is Kristin posting, not Jason), but two of the three problematic areas were successfully expanded, and the one that wasn't expanded doesn't seem to be causing too much worry. The extra vein that he had grown was successfully blocked off, and he has already been extubated.
I recently lost my ipod nano to the washing machine, so my run was sans music, which was nice for a change. Sometimes running without music by yourself can be very therapeutic. By the end of my run I was feeling great. I was also tired and ready for a relaxing afternoon. Tomorrow is a rest day, which is good because it is supposed to rain for most of the day.
-$5/1 Olay Pro-X Facial Moisturizer or Pro-X Clear, (P&G 07/31/11)
As all of you know, I met with congressional leaders yesterday. We’re going to be meeting again today, and we’re going to meet every single day until we get this thing resolved.
The tracker rolled his pack off of his shoulders and reached inside for his first aid kit.
close and so dear
I just finished reading The Washington Post's article on this year's DC Design House and it made me think, as most things do, of Dorothy Draper.
This week we are joined by TWO NEW DT members. They are super talented and I hope you will enjoy seeing their work for the next 4 months. Please welcome Sara and Penny to our little crafty crew.
Another way to check the legitimacy of a contest is to see who the judges are. Premier Book Awards doesn’t release that information, and most of the books on its list of winners are published by vanity presses. There’s not much point in entering such a contest.
Somewhere, I heard that it has gotten to a point in our history that there will soon be no survivors from WWII. When the memory-keepers have all died, what happens to the history … will it be re-written? Is it possible it could be remembered as freshly as the days it all happened? Will future generations continue to learn lessons from their past? Yes, there are books, records, films and documents. Given enough time, too soon perhaps … the youth in their new eyes recognize the ages. They may not recognize the wisdom pressed between the aged pages.
I'm half tempted to start a blog - "This is the House that Nick Built" - but I suspect that may be one more displacement activity than I actually need. It will be quite enough working on the novel (and another in the pipeline) and seeing to the building, without needing to add to the load - given my already tardy approach with this blog...
time with my dear husband, my precious children, loving mother and
it was very special
Texture – 2.5/5
and catch your dog in the act
An author starting out today needs to pick herself, establish a niche, become truly the best at it and relentlessly and generously give it all away as a way of leading and making a ruckus.
Then stepped in Earth and cinnamon for the second half. All smooth and creamy.
Dicken's Christmas Carol Part 1
So yesterday while we were listening to MPR he heard an announcement for today's BBC Proms concert and he wanted to know what it was.
I often get asked why for such an outgoing person do I have such homebody tendancies. I suffer from anxiety disorder. I have since high school. I've been medicated for it, but it never seems to do what it is intended to do. The last time I was medicated was in 2005 after Katrina. I smiled non-stop for three months in the wake of the worst hurricane the world had ever seen. I couldn't wipe the smile off my face. Even when I was sad, I was smiling. I don't like feeling that way. I would rather have the anxiety and be myself then use some chemical to make me the way the world thinks I should be. A good article for people to read to help them understand what it's like is: http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/ironshrink/200911/letter-worrier-s-loved-one
With public finances still precarious and no money voted in the most recent budget for the project, if the redevelopment is to begin this year it must be through private investment. Although Cayman Airports Authority is one government’s unsubsidised companies and its earnings have been sufficient to deal with the piecemeal renovations, the anticipated surplus for this financial year of just over $3.5milllion falls far short of the funds required for a complete renovation and runway extension.
I didn't have much of a budget for cards for most of last year, so I only bought a single rack pack of 2011 GQ. I wanted to see what all the hype was about.
One of my best friends, Annie, is pregnant too. Most of our friends had babies years ago so it's fun to be able to share this with her. She just found out she's having a boy too. I'm so excited! Liam made his first BFF already!
I'll be reading more of this series over the next couple of weeks (the third book just came out last month), and I'm sure to draw from the book for more illustrations along the way.
Democracy meant the madness of crowds: bloody, tumultuous and untenable. “There was never a democracy that didn’t commit suicide,” wrote Adams; Hamilton justified the system of checks and balances by insisting that it was necessary to create a permanent body of the “rich and well-born” to check the “imprudence” of democracy, or even that limited form that would be allowed in the lower house of representatives.
One of my favorite things about movies is the ability to transport us to another place in another time and for some of us, the south in the sixties is very familiar territory.
Oh, and of course Amber has been harassing me about getting a horse. I really want one, but I have been just too darn busy. Speaking of that, I am thinking about returning to grad school. Yep...call me crazy, but I am really considering it. For one thing, there is now a part-time, advanced standing MSW program that will only take me one year to complete. And for another thing, once I have my MSW, I can do shift work at a hospital, which means that I won't have to work M-F anymore.
Rafael Betancourt = 10 points
I first cooked my pancetta. Next time I may try to do it in the slow cooker so the flavors are always just in the cooker.
It appears that this chapter has a different timeline than the first chapter as far as the order of creation. In 2:5, it says that “no plant had yet sprung up” because God hadn’t made it rain yet (although one would think that since “streams came up from the earth and watered the whole surface of the ground” there would be enough moisture for plant life). Regardless, there are no plants when God sets about to make Adam. After he makes Adam, he makes the garden and then seeing Adam’s need of a “helper,” forms animals. This is extremely out of order from Genesis 1, where humans were created last.
8. End of the Line
Newcomer Dirk Dippenaar will make his South African debut in place of Bernado Botha. The latter is on standby for Paul Delport, who must first pass a fitness test tomorrow.
And at other times, on occassion, the words, 'good stuff!' have escaped my lips. And I shrug and cut myself some slack. It came from love.
Besan Flour- 1/2 cup
And never shake you by the hand,
Everyone was very welcoming, but they were fairly low-energy due to their sickly state. Kitty is very interesting and friendly, we had a few nice conversations that made me feel at ease with the situation.
It feels like it’s getting easier…of course it is, now that I’m almost done…makes sense to me…ha!
Margaret Noble — Consistent
Kucheko ukhama,
Grilled salted ox tongue with cauliflower cheese croquette, bread and butter pickles is first off. I can't say I've had Tongue in the last 20 years (snigger) but this was an excellent reintroducton. What I expected could be chewy was delicate and light. A great start which set me up for the main course. Shoulder of Roe deer follows, served with sauerkraut, mash and greens. For two on a wooden platter, my eyes widen as it is placed between English and myself. The bone slips away effortless as we dish up generous hunks and even more generous dollops of mash and sauerkraut. It's a bold, hearty dish which is what Supper Club is all about. It is faultless. I am at risk of drowning my keyboard as my mouth waters just thinking about this! Rounding off the meal I am torn between the English cheeses with toasted Bara Brith or the baked custard with Grasmere gingerbread. I'm told the Bara Brith and gingerbread are both made on the premises and on the basis that no one makes Bara Brith like Nan did I go for the custard. The top cracks satisfyingly but I could have probably done without the accompanying sorbet. The gingerbread is good but lacks the dustiness and snap I was expecting. That said it's a good end to a great meal. Where the country comes to town is the phrase that came to mind when I was trying to sum up the Harwood Arms and it's menu. They beat me to it I see as it's emblazoned on their website. Just when you thought you'd had an original thought!
My first date with rugby last Saturday was awesome. Although initially I felt a bit out of place, it was actually pretty entertaining once I started understanding the rules of the game. Near the end, I was definitely into it. Thanks to the thousands of Cantabrians who made it to the game, the whole atmosphere was electric. They all wore the Crusaders jersey, with Crusaders flags in their hands -hubby included. And as expected, the Crusaders was victorious, thrashing the Cheetahs with a 24-21 win.
The earth isn’t as hazardous as excellent time Tv set would have you think. Still surveillance camera software is attractive as, it just takes the moment, and you might be staring on one particular bad reports stories out of your the front outdoor patio.
The obvious thing here would be to advise people that unless they are going to put some effort and creativity into it they shouldn't bother, but I'm thinking beyond that, because I still think they seem like fun. Maybe, in order to participate in a swap, you should have to provide references. "Yes, I did a swap with Arlene and she made a hand-pieced hexagon mini-quilt that is also a relief map of Bolivia. Plus, she added brownies." "Oh, Barbara? She sent me the paper she tore off a lint roller. I'm pretty sure it had pubic hair on it." If your references don't check out, you can't participate.
Ne doth it ill beseem divines those skills to know
Yesterday was the first day I really felt like myself, having energy and not wanting to go take a nap after just a little bit of moving around. I was able to get some cleaning done and took care of the boys by myself from after nap time, through the witching hour of dinner, bath, book time and bedtime. And I was feeling fine the whole time. Other days helping with the boys, I just wanted to go pass out. I go see the doctor at 11:30 AM today, so we'll see what he says and if I'm cleared to go back to work. I have to admit that I do love wearing the bandage wrap around my stomach still. It seems to help me keep moving around and not feel uncomfortable. It's funny, the experience has led me to wonder if there is something to wrapping your stomach post-delivery. I remember seeing a show on it and I think they were saying that doctors said there was nothing to it, but considering what the plastic surgeon is having me wear the compression garment and wrap my tummy to get everything to be "sucked back in". I do wonder if there is something that it might help post-partum. Not that I ever plan to be that way again.
Well then BAM!
One theory is that these were heart-shaped pillars
This work depicts the evolution of the female form using art!
Motor Courts: Biltmore and Hidalgo. North of town. Well-furnished and operated but a noisy spot. E. 2WB $2.00 up. FPark.
That the Night Come is a series of six WB Yeats poems set to music by Dennehy and sung by Dawn Upshaw. Once again the music is discordant but less so than Grá agus Bás.
29 door
The Doctor's Daughter
by Thomas Jefferson
we are walking out to the car and in the doorway, right outside is a roach. one of those big ones. and bella is reaching for it.
I woke up at maybe 3AM. It was already light. Balder was still driving. The sun was coming up (or going down – it was hard to tell) and it wasn’t raining. We were getting close to Fairbanks. I wasn’t sure how the others slept that night. I suppose it depends on each individual. But I sure would use some more sleep. Although I did wake up, I was so tired that I couldn’t crack my eyes open. So while I was struggling with that and missing all the nice early morning nature around we reached Fairbanks, AK. It was around 5AM. The idea was to wait till 7AM when the car renter’s office opens. In the mean time to get some hot liquid, perhaps with some caffeine in it. The best place to do it, it turned out, was the local Safeway. It had food, Starbucks coffee, hot water, toilets, tables, even free WiFi – all the necessities. Somehow Igor found this hostel – Glacier House – that let us crash in their backyard for a day for about $10 per person. I was actually happy about it because was afraid that the group would just decide to leave the wilderness lifestyle behind and stick with the touristy path of hotels and coffee shops.
Last week came news that the US One Direction had commenced proceedings in the California Central District Court to stop the UK One Direction from using the same name. This Kat has not been able to get her paws on the particulars of claim but understands that the US One Direction also sought $1m in damages from Syco Music and Sony Music.
One of the criticisms that people have given The Voice is that nearly every contestant had a sob story. Personally, I don’t think that this was a bad thing, they were not used as bargaining tools (I.e. please put me through because I was bullied at school) but as a reason why they could not audition for any other show. This makes them stand out and really makes you feel for them, and you feel even better when they get through, or even worse when they don’t.
I told him to go pound sand.
Merrell: The Michigan rivers.
This generous program wasn’t unique to the Royal. Many employers, particularly big companies, once offered similar plans. Some still do, though their numbers are dwindling. You may be wondering, “Why have I never heard of retirement insurance?” You have. It’s called a pension.
The New Street building, with its Co-op stone sign, was Heaven and Hell nightclub for two years but has empty for the last year. It opened as a Co-op textiles department in 1936.
· Garden Chats with talks by plant and experts – see schedule below. A PDF is also attached. Free with admission (Adults $8, Seniors & Students $6, Children 5-12 $3, Under 5 free)
Ho-ho-hmmmming!
And also because I see that Raven didn’t mention an excerpt of Second Person, I’ll try my best to make one myself.
And then one morning, I woke up and realized I couldn’t go on like this.
Globally, the crisis cost between one and five times 2009’s world output, in terms of output lost now and in the future: $60-200 trillion for the world’s economies, £1.8 -7.4 trillion for Britain’s. Globally, the crisis destroyed at least 30 million jobs and cost $3 trillion in extra public spending, to bail out the banks.
We all went into this blind. We were never promised anything. We were never told how, why and what the deal is with "This Place"-the "Island", we were never told the rules of the "Island" adventure and/or game, what they were and how they work. You always had a choice to continue on with the adventure to where ever it was going to lead or to opt out. For all intents and purposes we took this journey just as blindly as the Castaways did. We only learned information when a Castaway learned the answer. We were always meant to take the entire journey along with them just as if we were on the "Island" with them.
If this isn't your first visit, then you know I share weekly outfits put together from clothes purchased mostly from Goodwill and Salvation Army. However, I won't pass up stopping at any thrift store. Which was the case on a recent trip to my favorite Goodwill store. We stopped in a small thrift boutique, where I found this awesome black blazer.
Adrian McKinty does a chapter by chapter "commentary track" on Fifty Grand
- Design a nursery space to nurture a newborn
Retorts that only end up insulting the intelligence of the EC will no longer work. With the evidence produced by Merap, there is no denying the fact that the EC has a lot to answer for.
It's also fun to stand there and watch the boats come through. In fact, if the sluice is open on the walk,
Our platonic relationship continued for a while until a Fulbright Fellowship propelled me to Paris and the Sorbonne. Linky had promised to write me faithfully, but all I got was a couple of letters in large, touchingly schoolgirlish handwriting and with rather noncommittal content. And then complete cessation. I surmised that she had found another swain, and I, in Paris of all places, found other young ladies much more forthcoming.
Happy stitching!
A braggot is a hybrid of beer and mead, I had never heard of it either. Buzz Bomb is a very complex and hard to describe beer and in some ways a little deceiving. In the glass the beer looks very much like a Belgian Blond, golden-colored with a pillowy white head. The aroma is sweet, reminding me of hefeweizen, with hints of wheat and bananas. The flavor however is nothing like an ale or a wheat beer. The initial taste was dry with characteristics that reminded me of white wine, crisp and acidic. These characteristics transitioned into a somewhat grainy flavor, sweetish finish, akin to a German Pilz. From then on the flavor got sharper, gaining a bit of alcoholic yeasty sweetness, then finishing dry and acidic. After the initial taste, Buzz Bomb maintained a flavor character that was very much like a beer and mead/cider coming together.
Immediately after the final notes ended a concert goer one row away from me leaned over to his friend and said - “what do you think”? After forty years people still don’t know what to make of it. If you have any doubts buy John’s latest cd entitled “To The One”, after listening to it then you’ll know exactly what side of the fence you’re on. When it comes to the F-Word, I don’t give a f**k what anyone else says. McLaughlin’s Fusion. I love it.
I finished a couple of quilts recently. I wasn’t able to take photos of these quilts until I got to the office on Monday. Right now my house is a total wreck because of a bathroom remodel. If you have ever done any remodeling you know exactly what I am talking about. So I got to the office, laid the quilts out on the floor and then used my cell phone to take the photos. Yep!!! Not good photos at all! I have an idea of how I would like to hang the quilts here at home for photos. One problem though! I haven’t found a wall big enough, one that is available anyway. Hopefully in the really near future I will get that figured out! In the meantime, here are the photos of my last two finishes.
Even while Windrush carried immigrants here in 1948 there was racial conflict: Liverpool again, between 31 July and 2 August, in Deptford on the 18th July; and Birmingham between the 6th and 8th of August 1949 involving immigrants from seafaring backgrounds but the Progressives ignored them. The Times reported the Liverpool battle as about 50 persons ”mostly coloured appeared in court after. ..”a gang of negroes' stoned several white men who were walking peacefully. They were armed with bottles, swords, daggers, iron bars, coshes and axes. The white men hopelessly outnumbered ran away. A Negro club appeared to have been the headquarters of the coloured men, and police officers were stoned and had bottles thrown at them from club windows as they tried to disperse the crowd.”(3)
First of all, I won't be doing a Mother's Day tablescape since our dining room and kitchen table are piled high with -- clutter. The dining room table is in some semblance of order. At least things are neatly stacked on it, and the boxes lining the walls in the room are neatly stacked. However, the kitchen table is filled with a hodgepodge of this and that; and our little buddy, R2D2, otherwise known as the shop vac, is still in the kitchen floor. Other than that, why, everything looks just great. Can you tell I'm slightly frustrated?
4. What’s the passion that drives you to get up every morning?
I had never written creative fiction (except a few pieces of fan fiction)
The Review:
I've got some new circle lenses
Although she’s taken an interest in Irish embroidery, Marcy Singer can’t help but abandon her needlecraft when handsome local brewer Todd finds himself accused of murder. Both Todd and his friend Blake’s fingerprints are on the murder weapon, and neither is talking about what happened. Marcy is determined to stitch together some luck from more than a few four–leaf clovers and prove that the culprit was someone else…
Researching job applicants through their social media use has become a well-known part of the screening process, but asking for total access is something one Illinois lawmaker thinks goes too far.
By her fourth wedding, La Liz proved you don't need to wear white to be a bride. This olive green silk dress dons a hood and sheer sleeves. But, unfortunately, I don't think her fashion-forward attire was the topic of many gossip columns when the wedding occurred. Eddie Fisher, the groom, had just left his wife, America's Sweetheart, Debbie Reynolds for the sultry, violet-eyed Hollywood diva.
Also, I'll have to get a bunch of Anchor Steam (I haven't had any for years and years) I used to like it, but now, who knows? I don't seem to like these other, newer, "ambers".
Yep, our bottled LA-31 has finally hit store shelves around Acadiana. I had been stalking our area distributor’s salesman for days, and finally he had some cases of our beer in his truck. He set his first display up at Russell’s, a grocery around the corner from our brewery. I took some pictures of him working and later of our first paying customer.
And more to the point, as Senator Carl Levin (D-MI) made clear on the floor of the Senate, it turns out that the Obama administration insisted that the controversial provision be included and that no exemption be made for U.S. citizens. In fact, numerous proposed amendments specifying that the American people be exempt from indefinite detention were defeated, apparently under pressure from the White House. Why insist on it if you don’t plan on utilizing it?
“The farmer is the man, the farmer is the man
I love the sound of this one, this is what the back cover says:
The biggest step is to make more and more people aware of the issue, so they’re thinking about it in the way they design things. That’s the most critical part.
SO MANY GOOD BOOKS THIS WEEK. And just so many books in general! I love the library but I'm afraid I won't have an excuse to go for another year considering how many unread wonderful sounding books I have to read. I'm trying to keep on a good schedule in my spare time and stick mostly to review copies though, and with ones this good coming to my mailbox it isn't hard.
Through our human form, we have been given a gift that sacred texts tell us is universally unmatched. Since the body has the capacity to be a conduit for the divine, channeling the pure consciousness of the Cosmic Intelligence into Nature and form, we are charged with the ability to tap into power that is so much greater than our limited sense perceptions and tricks of our ego. We can tap into the power of the infinite through sexuality and embody our true nature, only as long as we are willing to let go of wanting. Wanting is our human super-power kryptonite. Watch for it. Whatever we channel through our sexual act takes shape on our planet.
17. Your birthday month?
I’m back! It’s been a week and I’ve been busy and had a bit of writers block. I don’t want to blog for the sake of blogging. I’d rather write when I feel inspired.
“And what of our livelihoods? Please help us,” Fuazan said. “How are we supposed to support ourselves now that we’ve been brought here?”
Om namo nArAyaNaya! s’rI kRSNArpaNam!
Apparently he has had a much publicized battle with depression. My thoughts go out to his children.
Let us deliberate on one point, how the Prime Minister is chosen.
Hollande’s elections is expected to have widespread results for the entire Eurozone. The Socialist wants to raise taxes on big corporations and those making more than 1 million euros. He becomes France’s first Socialist president since Francois Mitterrand in 1981.
Roadrunner – Jonathan Richman and the Modern Lovers (1976)
With this outfit, I got her to spin round, walk forward etc to create this theme of freedom, to come through my photographs. I think it worked really well on most of them. However the ones where she is still, the background looks quite boring, making her stand out and look free to do as she likes. I got her to stand next to a tree in one of them, and took it slightly lower than eye height, to show how tall she is.
Rating: 5 out of 5
For those of that who don't know, Carcosa is an unquestionably mature setting, with subject matter that some find highly objectionable. And while I don't intend to linger on or embellish over-much the grotesque and inhumane rituals of sorcerers, they will appear at some point, along with their sometimes requisite components of torture, murder, and/or rape. If you think that's something which will ruin your fun then this is not the game for you.
What happened? How did it get to be nearly December already? I am so behind on my blog posts and I have heaps of things to record.
It’s been a war with no words,
path
What I said last month still stands: I am still enjoying it - it is a lot of fun to put together, plan and anticipate. A month feels just right - and I felt like there were a few more outfits I could have made.
He Hit me and it Felt like a Kiss....Crystals
I must admit it feels good to get these things fixed - funny how you can thole something for ages, and then all of a sudden your patience just snaps.
I do not write this tonight to guilt you into service, but to tell you that praying for one another is serving the Lord just as any other servant might. It is what we need to do it is what we are called to do, and we should take this role as seriously as we do our employment by man. Above all else, we are employed by God. We are Ordained to do His work, but only what is beneficial to the Kingdom of God. We have a responsibility to one another — and that is to get on our hands and knees and pray.
"Can't they put on BBC?"
I have neither the space nor the inclination to interrogate the veracity of all of the claims made but I shall deal with each pattern in general terms. First, the nature of the DA's decision: agree with it or not, it was logical and certainly it was considered - it took three years to make. It was not inspired by Nazism or apartheid and it had nothing to do with democracy. It was simply a protest - a decision to withhold comment from a journalist, a right every South African citizen can claim (indeed, in America, there is even a constitutional amendment dedicated to the idea).
That might be a slight exaggeration of words, but not intent.
those babblings and laughtracks playing
6. Melancholia – Christopher Titus used to have a bit where he would say the advantage of being dysfunctional is that when shit goes crazy you’re prepared while all the “normal” are losing their heads. Melancholia is the story of two sisters, one incapable of functioning and the other in control of her life. Then the earth is doomed and everyone everywhere is going to die. Suddenly the role are reversed. To the dysfunctional one, the thought of total extinction is somehow comforting while the other panics over all the things she has worked for in her life.
We are a family of cheesecake lovers, what better way to start off the first week with a cheesecake cookie? No better time than the present I say. I liked these cookies and will probably make these for my goodie trays this year. The texture reminded me of shortbread with a little tanginess (is that a word?!) from the cream cheese that is added. You could also roll these in any type of coating you want, I chose to go basic with graham cracker crumbs. You could also put some chocolate in the middle..I may go with a rolo candy in the middle the next time. The possibilities are endless on topping/filling combinations. Happy Cookie Baking!!!
I hope everyone had a Happy New Year and that 2011 is going well for you all so far!
In our wanderings be our Guide;
31 Barry De Vorzon - Baseball Furies Chase
“I cannot tell you how good you have been to me during this miserable sickness of mine. Surely no one could have been more kind. But that only makes it all the harder for me to leave you now… . Think! I am not yet even twenty-five, and I have the best husband in all this world, and yet I must die! … Oh, no, no! it is useless to talk to me about hope; the best Chinese doctors could do nothing for me. I did think to live a few months longer; but when I saw my face this morning in the mirror, I knew that I must die to-day — yes, this very day. And there is something that I want to beg you to do for me if you wish me to die quite happy.”
False religion is the worship of other gods (whether images in temples or in shopping malls) and dependence on other powers (whether the power of drugs or of occult practices). The forms of false religion in Paul’s day differ from the forms of our day, but we can still see its pervasive influence today.
A: … nagdadasal
maybe head back to the black jack table if I'm feeling lucky
A few months ago, before I arrived in Paris, I was in Toronto to get my visa so I could be in France for more than three months. When the lady at the embassy gave me my visa, she also gave me a form with some signatures and stamps. "Send this in as soon as you get to France," she said. And she said it in English because it was important.
All told, A GOOD MAN GOES TO WAR is a pretty good episode, though one heavy with speeches and declarations. Everybody, it seems, gets to make a speech, and most of them are about the Doctor’s bad-ass-ness. A GOOD MAN isn’t a particularly clever episode (we are certainly seeing the difference in Moffat’s writing as showrunner as he employs a more roller coasterish, emotion-driven approach) but it does offer a satisfying conclusion to the “Who is River Song?” question, and that goes a long way to leaving us on a high note as we wait for the rest of Series 6 to start up this fall.
Certainly despite the 19th century appearance small pockets of Africa immigrants in places like Cardiff's Tiger Bay or the East End of London, prior to the 20th century the numbers of non-Europeans residing in this country were insignificant, despite the impression which our overlords seek to present. In any event, a claim to indigenous status is not dependant on the fact that no other ethnic group ever visited your land, if it were, the indigenous peoples of Australia and America would have lost their status long ago.
"Clyde May, a World War II veteran, returned home to Alabama to farm his land and raise his family. Though Clyde reared eight children, his farming endeavors were not as successful. He turned to the illegal trade of whiskey-making…to help supplement his income.”
After your turkey carcass has cooled enough for you to handle it (I place mine by an open window) you can remove the bone. This is where you gotta get tough like your grandma was. Just use your clean hands and start pulling. The bones should be pretty easy to pull out, and the meat should have fallen off. Any meat left on, simply pull it off. Toss the big pieces of skin. When I first did this, I would be really finicky about trying to get rid of every single teeny, tiny piece of bone & fat. It was pretty time consuming. But the more I do this, the more I leave for the stock. It's going to be SOUP! If someone finds a teeny little bone, it won't kill them, and I'm sure they're capable of removing it from their mouth without causing a scene.
waiting...
A novel about a girl who was raised in the wild, displayed at a sideshow in Virginia City , Nevada , and adopted by a well-to-do couple in 1875 Manhattan to be trained up as a debutante. Mysterious killings ensue, and she must track down the murderer before he gets to her. A darker side of the Gilded
Why didn't I do any house work all week?
AND FINALLY, THIS. Via press release, we've learned that "moms are not afraid to hire a hot sitter." From the release: "Shattering the old cliche that moms don't hire beautiful sitters, a new survey reveals that today's moms would hire a good looking sitter. A survey commissioned by Sittercity found that only 7 percent of respondents stated they would not hire a beautiful babysitter or nanny. In fact the most important attribute when looking for a childcare provider is that they engage, educate and enhance their children's
today was a good day, I finally made it to the slope after a year-long break from skiing. it was so beauitiful, frosty air, icy blue sky and mist coming down from the mountains. I feel totally in my element on the slope.
Where the answers will be unfurled.
We loved. I'd recommend.
Some mysteries are dead easy to predict. If you buy a thriller, you know it’ll keep you anxious until it ends and that there’ll be at least one high-speed chase on land or water and probably some long-range rifle shots. A legal thriller will involve lawyers going after one another with intellectual Ginsu knives. A medical thriller will feature imminent horrific death for a helpless child or a large part of humanity if the medical crime-stopper doesn’t succeed. Cozies are harder to predict. That’s disappointing to some self-appointed experts on what a cozy is supposed to be, but there’s no rule about cozies except the protagonist must be an amateur sleuth and the setting must be a restricted area such as a small town. Even those strictures aren’t hard and fast, but if the protagonist is a professional in law enforcement — a cop, pathologist, coroner, lawyer, private investigator, bounty hunter, etc — the story is going to verge on a thriller or police procedural.
Hello all, I must apologise for neglecting you so much, with going off to the AWESOME World Beer Cup and Craft Brewer's Conference in Chicago I haven't had time to blog at all.
To thank the gods for what is great;
Of course, it wouldn’t be the Andes without plenty of opportunities to take pictures of grazing llamas. This guy belonged to the same herd I snapped earlier but had run out in front of me to cross to the other side of the road as I began to climb back up out of Totora Pampa. I yelled at him to try and get him to look at me but he didn’t care.
15 - Work It Out
Sooooo, tangobaby might seem a little less action packed, but it's just that the action is getting spread around a bit more, in all the right places.
“Weishaupt emerged as a faithful servant of a higher cause. Behind him moved the intricate machinery of the Secret School. As usual, they did not trust their full weight to any perishable institution. The physical history of the Bavarian Illuminati extended over a period of only twelve years. It is difficult to understand, therefore, the profound stir which this movement caused in the political life of Europe. We are forced to the realization that this Bavarian group was only one fragment of a large and composite design.
Mick D of Lewiston was presented this Quilt of Valor on 4/22/2012.
This is what I found on Amazon….
It’s no coincidence that all that found themselves on my list have also found their way to gold. But it may surprise some that I have several women on my list! With that in mind, here is my list of track and field athletes with the most “Swag”!
To its right is a house with a wonderfully giant trampoline in the yard, along with a fenced enclosure containing sheep and chickens. I wonder if the inhabitants have fresh eggs every morning, and card, spin, and weave or knit cloth from their own sheep’s wool? It sounds pretty ideal to me, although I am sure that the work involved in the animals’ care and upkeep is significant.
In the piece I identify two fundamental questions we must grapple with: How do we define ‘leadership’? And how does that definition lead to continued waste of one of the country’s most valuable resource: women’s capacity for transformative leadership?
And don’t be weak in the pursuit of the enemy; if you are suffering (hardships) then surely they (too) are suffering (hardships) as you are suffering, but you have a hope from Allah (for the Reward i.e. Paradise) that for which they hope not. (V.4:104).
Here's a layout I made last week with some Oliver DP...
Urban Blight are back! The original 7-piece funky ska/reggae band from New York City are reuniting to perform for one night at Webster Hall in New York City on Sunday May 22nd as part of a benefit to support the Children's Museum of the Arts. The show is being hosted by Adam 'Ad-Rock' Horowitz of the Beastie Boys. It will be Urban Blight's first show since they played a one-off to celebrate their 30th anniversary in 2008 and only their second show since the band stopped playing in 1998.
09. Bizarre Love Triangle
If you're concerned that it doesn’t seem to be working, please feel free to give the sweet folks at Compendium a call at (800) 914-3327.
Janette Fennell is the founder and president of KidsAndCars.org, a safety advocacy group based in Leawood, Kan., that focuses on issues involving children and automobiles. In a telephone interview, Ms. Fennell made her view clear, saying she believed that carmakers must develop reminder devices to warn drivers if a child is left behind.
The first condition was not much of a challenge as Harvi knew just the place to find jobs for monsters like Geryon: monster.com. He found multiple listing for freaks at circuses, hosts for reality shows and as mascots for sporting teams. Harvi helped Geryon prepare his resume and apply to all these jobs. He also gifted him one of the cell phones with a Vodafone internet connection to keep track of the employer responses and the interview schedules. He taught Geryon how to use Google calendar to keep track of his appointments. In the first task , he had far exceeded Geryon's expectations. There still remained the matter of the cows to be taken care of.
And on another note, I am proud to announce my website is finally up and running. I have listed many of my articles and posts on the site and hope you enjoy!
Tuesday, I succeeded in getting my strength training in. I will not be making the same mistake I did in my last marathon training, to let the miles and the tiredness get to me and slack off on strength and core work. Those workouts are just as important as getting the miles in. My good friend and running partner, Jamie, had found this impossible extremely difficult workout, Iron Strength from Runner's World, and I've been working on it. I was able to make it through two sets of all the exercises and three of some. I will definitely be continuing with this workout, hoping to someday make it through as many sets as they say you should be able to do. New goal!
12 Methods Of Dance
Here is this week's challenge
In the ensuing days, Mr. Shiftlet made great progress fixing things all around the house and farm, even getting the old car working and teaching the daughter Lucynell how to say “bird.” Seeing the advantages to having a hardworking man around to run things, the mother begins to suggest Mr. Shiftlet marry her daughter. She had worked a cold business calculus in her mind and figured the shiftless, one armed drifter could be an asset. She makes known how good an idea it would be as long as he planned on staying. He could be married, have this house, a place to sleep and good food for life. He at first put off the idea, knowing full well he had the free spirit of a drifter. Eventually, he negotiated against his nature. He’d think of marrying her if he had some money to buy some gas, take her someplace, buy her a meal on their honeymoon. Settling for $17.50 was as close to romance the drifter and the deaf-mute would come.
“Oh, David, you’ve got your grandfather’s name.” I hoped to God I wasn’t named after anyone in the family, because I did not want my cheeks to be pinched off. I looked over at David, and it really looked like two little grip marks on his cheeks. I was a dead duck. But, not if she couldn’t get ahold of me. I wasn’t a Cricket for nothing. When it was my turn, I looked at her and said,
Read more to see the locations.
The other thing of interested from today (other than the fact that I ended up taking a 3 hour nap and that I will now be awake until 2 a.m) is that Emma read me a book tonight.
First, it would cost a lot more than an existing house. Second, every single person we know who has gone through building a house said it bordered on nightmarish. And HOLY CRAP were there a lot of existing houses for sale.
But I cannot help but wonder whether this is just another phase that will pass sooner or later or something I need to handle now before it gets out of hand?
Officially classified as “free people of color,” mulattos could own land, businesses, and even slaves. They despised the slaves but resented the whites, to whom they were subordinate. Mulattos could not vote or hold office. They were segregated in theaters, shops and churches, and even the wealthiest mulatto was the social inferior of the poorest white.
the way your heart is torn,
I would welcome any comment you have time to leave for me and hope that you like this creation. I enjoyed making it.
and of course a digital delights digital stamp of your choice.
With all the weddings and events that I have seen and planned in the last few years, flowers and linens are pretty much what makes the event stands out. If you want to "WOW" your guests, that's definitely one area that you should not skimp on.
Tourist: ¡Gracías!
Get out there and enjoy your Monday chicks!
When the pendulum finally forces Texas to change, it'll be a lot easier to do so if it's not part of our silly-ass constitution, which is a horrible enough document as it is.
My parents had divorced and re-married in 1951. My dad was transferred to a Baltimore DuPont pigments plant and we lived in a house at 1924 Norman Road in Glen Burnie, MD. I attended 2n'd through 4'th grades and remember watching Queen Elizabeth's Coronation. My parents took dance lessons from Arthur and Kathryn Murray and appeared on Television as dancers. I appeared on T.V. in the peanut gallery of the Buffalo Bob show with Howdy Doody and Clarabelle the clown. We had an English Setter named 'Ski' and he loved to chew on shoes. We had a housekeeper / babysitter who was later fired for stealing.
As a point of interest, the cheese I most enjoyed from my experiment at the Cheese Boutique was Roaring Forties Blue Cheese from Australia. This cheese is produced at King Island Dairy by cheesemaker Ueli Berger. I’ll explore this specific cheese deeper in a subsequent post. Let’s just say that one cheese alone made it worth the trip.
These are the things you’re not supposed to think about when watching popcorn entertainment, and I’d be happy to not think of them if the movie was fun, but it isn’t.
The band was created as a tranformation from a DJ project with a same name by producer Jasarov. At that time (2010) he produced Zajednica – a track released on Balkan Grooves compilation under a german label Eastblok.
i am nowhere near perfect, just ask my family!
So I'm not going to get the Mother of The Year trophy from my kids school teachers for handing them over in that semi comatose state, but I sure scored some brownie points with the little dudes.
The show hasn't started yet, but while I gather the last bit of chocolates and grab another bottle of Champagne, please do chat amongst yourselves.
But this doctor is a cool doctor. And my fears were instantly calmed when I walked inside and instead of being smacked in the face with a stark white bleak hospital clinic I walk in and smell incense and feel a hippie vibe–which instantly allows me to feel at home.
They weren't even close to being entertainingly bitchy.
Another part of the book that was much more immediate and real to me this time was a fire at the church in the novel. It felt eerie in that I had witnessed the fire that burned down the church a block from my house only six months earlier. I wrote about the church fire back in August, here and here. This photo is one I took while the church blazed. The destruction of the St. Elmo church hit me hard because I had preached a series of sermons there a few years back and had visited a Sunday morning service not long before it burned.
Dear Monday,
I only made five of these blossom bead caps. They were kind of a pain the butt to make so I didn't make a ton. If you guys like them I might get myself in the mood to make them again. They are not your average bead cap - they are BIG.
Soon Kwon, Managing Director, LGEIL, said, “Technology and design are key factors behind LG Home Entertainment products. With our 2012 CINEMA 3D Smart TV lineup, we have been able to take a significant step forward, thanks to a series of new and upgraded 3D features led by the CINEMA SCREEN Design.”
Try to do it again tomorrow. (That's what makes it a meditation practice.)
This recipe makes 25-30 kolaches.
Your heart oblivious to the pain of your lie.
does anyone else do this??
Priam wept, abased at the feet of Achilles.
2. What tools would I need?
A different way of learning about other places and the added anticipation of receiving a package from another country makes it really exciting!
I celebrated my 18th birthday living in a downtown apartment with 3 other girls. We worked hard all week and went to parties on weekends. The only challenging part was not starving to death. Life was good!
I can't write what I would like to do in an email or on any blog post. That's asking for trouble and that's why I don't post what should really be done, that is, other than the lists I've given of how to destroy the system.
She makes me want to take huge risks.
I have worked with pediped in the past and we absolutely love the brand. Pediped shoes are perfect for children because they mimic barefoot walking and do not force children to change their natural stride, great for children learning to walk and new walkers.
Post-86 Fiesta in pearl grey
I want to make it clear from the start that I am not the original creator of this phrase in any shape or form. The letters stand for Don't Forget To Be Awesome and originates from an American writer, John Green and a musician Hank Green.
Yet it's not all gravitas - there are moments of well timed levity in the film, like when Yamamoto recounts when Jiro was once asked: "When is the best time to eat sushi?" Jiro: "When you're hungry". On a visit Jiro takes on a rare day off, to his hometown - where he is seen both as 'celebrity' and friend - he is greeted by a fellow octogenarian with a simple "We're still alive!".
I'm a creature of habit and yet I tilt into change, at least I did earlier in life. Not so much an adventurer, I think one of the reasons I was always moving to a new city or starting a new career or shifting relationships when I was younger is because I didn't have an ability to tolerate sameness. I learned tolerance and resilience rather late in life. I might never have learned at all! Thank goodness for psychotherapy, life experience, meditation every day - and who knows what else!
- LotFP Grindhouse Edition: I hope I get to referee or play in an LotFP Grindhouse campaign at some point. Raggi has written a really clear and functional rules set and has added some inventive twists, in particular his Specialist Class, that I would love to road-test. Maybe Spawn of Endra could be persuaded to run LotFP one day?
Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, transfer onto rack to cool.
Having the CD in your car won’t do the work for you. But when you attempt to understand new words, you will be able to focus on the meaning of the word, because the memorisation of the word will already be well advanced.
As you observe behavior and challenge the behavior you want to correct or improve avoid nit picking. You never want to give the impression that the only contact that you have with your work group is to make a negative comment on everything they do. Pace yourself, focus on the big issues that need to be corrected and make the most of your corrections. How does this conflict with the concept that if you don’t challenge bad behavior you are condoning it? It is a conflict and that’s why this is an art not a science. In the overall world of leadership you want to maintain the right kind of work environment and the right relationship with your work group. Make sure you correct real and substantive issues and try not to focus on the pissy little issues. Effective supervision and good leadership as well as good moral are as important as challenging poor performance. All things in moderation, don’t earn the reputation for being a chicken shit supervisor. Your interaction with the group has to be more positive than negative. Nit Picking and Micro Managing are to potential pitfalls for an effective supervisor.
I remember, one time long ago when I was still attending the academy, that I made an interface system that should be extremely simple to use. There were three buttons on the screen, shaped like cones. Nothing else. And the screen mentioned you should click one of the buttons. To test it out, I asked my mother, who had no clue whatsoever in usage of computers back in the day, to test it. And I was so sure it would work. Literally, three buttons and the text that you had to click on of them.
‘God will vogue the infidel’ is meaningless as a foresight. But with hindsight, who knows? However, the Nostradamus Quatrains VI 81 (a deluge-style gathering on high ground) and X 67 (hailstorms, Saturn in Capricorn) both mention earthquakes in May but no years are given as if Nostredame were playing the averages. Hopefully we’re safe for a further year. Like all of Nostredame’s prophecies, time will tell.
5. Twenty Boy Summer Sarah Ockler
when i crumble on the
Disclaimer: I'm only showing pictures of NEW people I met. Everything else is on Facebook, except my Homie pic with Jess.
Mark's Finest Papers' Design Teams are celebrating our NEWEST STAMP RELEASE with a Blog Hop. Our very talented Design Teams have created exciting paper crafts for your inspiration. With the addition of New Design Team members, this is going to be a really fun-packed Hop! Sit back, and hold on to your mouse! This is going to be a FABULOUS ride! Come Hop along with us!
If you are using BPM (or SOA) and you are not using any of the B2B functionality, then you might want to consider disabling B2B on your SOA managed servers. There are a few good reasons for doing this:
9) Use a presser (or chopping board) to apply pressure to the mixture.
This afternoon we went back to the furniture store as they are having a clearance sale. We have been eyeing a coffee table and bedframe there but the price was not within our budget. The coffee table was on display piece clearance, but we were pretty undecided cos the piece had quite a few scratches, but the shop lady was really nice and offered us a new piece at the exact display piece price, which is a 60% discount! There was also a huge 50% discount on the bedframe and we quickly grabbed it! I think we saved more than 2k from the sale, and they are all brand new pieces, lucky us =) And with that, all our major furnitures are all done! (and all bought from the same place) We are still eyeing a red posh chair from there, but its at another exorbitant price.
Without going into detail, my hubby and I love to keep things hot in the bedroom from time to time. One way we try to liven things up is some sexy or playful attire. There's also lotions, games, and you get the idea. So, when I was given the chance to work along side Pure Romance I jumped to the opportunity. The selection that is offered is amazing and the possibilities are endless. There are so many items to make anyone's intimate experiences even more remarkable and enjoyable. I was sent two different flavored tubes of "Whipped" Edible Creamy Lubricant, Original and Sugar Cookie.
I’m finally making a little headway with the backlog of magazines I have not read and there, in a recent issue of Harper’s, was an article on the history and artistry of dubbing in Italy (Reading My Lips by Chiara Barzini). I had just assumed I was being weird, going off on a tangent, but no. It is actually true. They are damn good at it. Many Italians don’t even want to hear the actual actor’s voices, they prefer the dubbers. It is a generational career that we have Mussolini’s nationalistic fervor to thank for (he didn’t want any other language spoken). The Doppiaggese (as the translators are called) actually had to come up with all sorts of weird translations to avoid the use of such quintessential English words like “cocktails” (they no longer do this as evidenced by words like “lo shopping” that they use to describe that American leisure sport where one goes out all day to stores but doesn’t buy anything essential like -food: that would be covered under fare la spese). The translators inadvertently added to and changed the language; fanculo is a Doppiaggese bastardization of vafanculo (fuck you), shortened so that it would match the actors lips more accurately.
Reading online forums, the present owner of RFC is under fire for being less than transparent with regards to his intentions concerning the long term future of the club, the news that he borrowed £24 million in future ticket sales has not been well received by supporters of the club, even if the club were to have a positive outcome with their case against HMRC, it is now burdened by a £24 million debt which is by no means guaranteed income – the club is in deep shit and the sooner the supporters realise and acknowledge this - the better.
It was a very nice way to pass a day.
We had a beautiful Easter day celebrating Jesus' gift to us. Hope your Easter was just as lovely.
Spellbinders Nestabilities - Labels #2
makes its way to North America!
93. Bowling For Soup-Fishing For Woos (Brando)
But as with any adaptive strategy, it eventually becomes maladaptive. If an organism cannot evolve to match changing conditions--in this case, rapid fossil fuel depletion, climate change, soil degradation and so on--then dieoff or extinction can follow. And, just because I and many others can articulate the problem, it does not at all imply that a meaningful and broad-based understanding can spread and that a response can be implemented in time to avert the worst. Every fiber of a human being instinctively rejects limits on energy gathering--unless those limits can be framed as a necessary sacrifice for the good of a group to which that human being feels a strong attachment.
Our winner is....
A quick and timely response makes the treatment much easier on your pet and your wallet.
Much love and creativity,
Oil – 2 teaspoons
Testing waters hot with your toe
Around a year later, in 1920, the Nazi Party produced and circulated its manifesto or ‘platform’. The most striking and perhaps surprising thing about this platform is its utterly socialist and indeed revolutionary content. The Nazis, at this point, wanted to provide full employment for all German citizens; to abolish income from interest (as with Islam!); to confiscate all war profits; to nationalise all trusts; to share profits with labour; to increase pensions in old age; to ‘communalise’ the department stores (whatever that actually meant); to execute ‘usurers’ (they went further than Islam); and to end all child labour.
Goede Doel Sinterklaas NL
and Wind was born. Like a colt,
I have no idea how to make, store, and incorporate my own fruit juice concentrate. I'm too tired to look right now. My eyes hurt and I feel like I need divine intervention in my search for the most perfect, most healthy sweetener for my family. Maybe I just need to embrace a quote I saw on one of the trillion websites I visited in the course of this lovely Friday night: "Does anyone really eat sugar for health benefits?" Ha! Right then. Perhaps my approach should be to find the least harmful rather than the most healthful. Annnnnd then use that ever-so-sparingly whilst throwing fresh fruits and veggies at my kids all day long. :) Wish me luck . . . and a good night's sleep. :)
Yet another law expert has slammed the US Government’s decision to launch a criminal case against Megaupload. Law Professor Eric Goldman argues that the Megaupload prosecution is a “depressing display of abuse of government authority” that ignores basic constitutional rights in order to protect private commercial interests.
Disease of the Heart Muscles
Hear the music
Truly step into luxury on your own private rooftop terrace. The lounge area and Jacuzzi for eight present the perfect opportunity to indulge and savor the Caribbean breeze and sun.
Bruce Wilson – It was a strange and wonderful process ~ the brief was simply that it had to be a names memorial and there was no site chosen. Feeling under pressure to address such an important task, I looked to a playwright friend who had passed away from the disease. He spoke to me in a dream. He told me that it had to be about the names, removed. I knew it had to be indestructible and would be subject to vandalism and graffiti. For this, I chose a bridge-building material called Cor-ten ™ steel, which develops a protective coating of rust. Graffiti could be pressured-washed away and I design the panels and footings to withstand extraordinary forces. The names were water-jet through the steel, giving the otherwise opaque material a diaphanous quality, and creating an interesting light play.
Pahayokee: A Plea for Life is presented in association with the Santa Fe Art Institute; it is a benefit for the Santa Fe Conservation Trust. I know that my young nieces Jasmine and Jade (lovers of toads, frogs, and all forms of wildlife) will enjoy this; I'll look forward to hearing their impressions.
Our kids go back to school in a couple of weeks... I can't believe how quickly summer
can you call a guy cute
8. Sleep Won’t Help Me (White, Argent) 5:09
This body of work is an exploration into these tensions, the intersections between culture, humanity, love, and unity. Each of these couples has a unique story. Some have experienced tensions because of their relationships. Many have only experienced complete acceptance from their family and friends. All have moved past the misconceptions society has often nourished, providing hope for a more perfect future.
I put alittle shredded coconut all over bottom of crust first. (love the two tastes together!)
Maya Lin is a famous architect. Architects are people who create big things from the little designs they draw on pieces of paper. Most famous architects are famous for creating big famous buildings, but Maya Lin is more famous for creating big fancy things for people to look at, and in fact, when Mister Rogers had gone to her studio the day before, he looked at the pictures she had drawn of the clock that is now on the ceiling of a place in New York called Penn Station. A clock is a machine that tells people what time it is, but as Mister Rogers sat in the backseat of an old station wagon hired to take him from his apartment to Penn Station, he worried that Maya Lin’s clock might be too fancy and that the children who watch the Neighborhood might not understand it. Mister Rogers always worries about things like that, because he always worries about children, and when his station wagon stopped in traffic next to a bus stop, he read aloud the advertisement of an airline trying to push its international service. “Hmmm,” Mister Rogers said, “that’s a strange ad. `Most people think of us as a great domestic airline. We hate that.’ Hmmm. Hate is such a strong word to use so lightly. If they can hate something like that, you wonder how easy it would be for them to hate something more important.” He was with his producer, Margy Whitmer. He had makeup on his face and a dollop of black dye combed into his silver hair. He was wearing beige pants, a blue dress shirt, a tie, dark socks, a pair of dark-blue boating sneakers, and a purple, zippered cardigan. He looked very little in the backseat of the car. Then the car stopped on Thirty-fourth Street, in front of the escalators leading down to the station, and when the doors opened–
IMPORTANT: MUST email to
My first one has already been claimed by the Wonderkid (although I took it back out of his card box -- the box he uses to store all the cards he makes). He'll get it on or around Christmas.
A Nixon Peabody spokeswoman says Mr. Tamman was fired in 2009 “as soon as we learned that he was under SEC investigation and he failed to explain his actions to us.” The law firm has asked a judge to throw out a wrongful-termination suit filed by Mr. Tamman.
Rene - March 2012
I stared unblinkingly into her soul for several seconds.
I should find solace in her 89 years of a life well lived. But at this moment of the final parting, my heart is heavy with sorrow and grief.
Can you believe all this loot?!!!
But we can only fit like 5 coats in there tops.
What is BTone we wondered? Even upon getting there, I still had no clue so I did some research on their site. It uses Lagree Fitness™ which is an innovative workout specifically designed to “strengthen, tighten, and tone the body quickly and safely. This workout is largely based on the holistic principles of Pilates, but also emphasizes the strength training and cardio elements not inherent to Pilates to achieve muscle definition faster than traditional Pilates and/or weight training alone.”
They both went out back to the pool, and the professor handed the student a bucket.
Don replied, “We still have the grandchildren’s weddings to look forward to!”
Instead of focusing on the interesting elements, Burns instead went all in with his characters, which didn't really pan out either. This area was sort of a wash out for me as I thought the male characters were pretty well done. Though I wasn't remotely like either Rob or Keith in high school, I still felt like I could relate to both in a number of ways. However, Burns really missed the target with his females, Chis and Eliza. Both characters were interesting, smart, talented girls, but instead of promoting their strength and individuality Burns fell into the trap of having these women need the help of men to get by in life, which didn't seem to fit with the characters, and is a really annoying character trait to read.
Ludlow Garage, Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S.A.
“Sugar and spice and all things nice, that’s what little girls are made of.
Are you looking forward to some spring or summer travel? Don’t forget to put healthy eating in your plans – yes, even at airports and highway food courts. After some of my own recent travels, I was reminded of how fast and easy it is to make unhealthy eating choices when we’re on the go. Cheeseburgers, fries, fried chicken and pizza are everywhere! But happily, so are smarter options, too. These tips, grouped by eating places and common menu choices, will help you bring healthy eating along for the journey.
Precious little Logan was born September 2nd (1 day overdue) and weighed in at 6lbs15oz. I know I may be a bit biased, but he is seriously once of the cutest little boys ever!!
a mighty tail resounds on calm water
and sealed it with sacrifice.”
Well, I wrote a pilot and a film.
Glasgow. Tuesday Evening. The chief topic of conversation in the Glasgow Stock Exchange to-day was the crisis in the whisky trade, the opinion that not a few held being that the Board of the Messrs Pattison, Limited, had adopted too great a policy of extension ; however, so far as the Preference shares of the Company were concerned, they recovered from 60s to 72s 6d, but at the afternoon sederunt relapsed to 67s 6d. The concern has a capital of £400,000, of which one-half consists of Five Per Cent. Preference shares, and a half in Ordinary shares of £10 each. The vendors retain all the Ordinary shares and a fourth of the Preference. Those in a position to know state that the assets of the Company will show more than 20s in the £1, i.e., provided the scheme which the largest creditors were to consider to-day was adopted. The idea not a few in the trade hold is that too much has been made of the Pattison, Limited's, difficulties, and that the shares at the low prices quoted to-day were worth buying.
Carefully lift a corner of the sandwich to confirm that the cheese has melted and the onion mixture is warm. Allow extra time if necessary to melt the cheese and warm the onion jam.
The cage
favorite lines from this movie? here ya go:
I think my mom wonders that, too, though she'd add "where in the world…" The short answer, is that I have no clue. With some thought I can trace one story to a fragment of a dream, another to a profile of a person, some emerged out of a bit of conversation, there was some fan fiction gone awry, desperation, perspiration, movies/books that didn't satisfy…I guess you could say I get my ideas from living.
An anthem to those of us leaving life-phase one (8th grade/Junior High), while assuming things would improve for phase two (it didn’t). Also, Hard Rock was becoming more rare on AM radio that summer. Need a reminder? Here’s the Billboard Top Ten from August 5, 1972:
* I love you all - Catch you on the other side!!!
But five years after the release of this report, the destruction of Congolese continues unabated in the jungle and townships of eastern Congo. With these destroyed women carrying in their bodies for the rest of their lives the psychological and physical stigmas: “Rape survivors with fistulas - tears in genital tissue that can cause uncontrollable leakage of fecal matter or urine - need highly specialized care that is both time-consuming and expensive. A doctor at Panzi Hospital told the team, “Sometimes the destruction is such that the women have no more vagina.”
But obviously there need to be more cards… right? Well yes, we are missing four cards to have a complete deck. And those four cards can be so many different things. It’s up to you to fill the spot for the last four humans.
“Thats Goldfeather,
Keith has a wooden Senet game. This one was missing its "dice" (split sticks or ivory sticks) but had four markers (two for each player). The box that looks like a house had a little opening in it, and I don't know the purpose of it. It was an arched door, like a mouse hole, in the bottom. If I had a mouse in a cage I would have bought it for him.
KINGWILLIAMSTOWN: Farm attack on North family on Kei Road confirmed.
And what did I mean by getting my sister back? For years we have been estranged for many reasons. It's complicated when an adult sibling lives with a parent...there are many confusing issues. The relief of mom pulling through and hearing her talk was what caused my sister to say she didn't want to fight anymore and tears and hugs followed. We spent many hours together while I was in NJ. I don't know how we possibly could have done it otherwise. She will be bearing the brunt of the changes that will take place and I feel badly that I am not around to share in the burden. I will return when I can to help out.
I feel like the course was an incredible value for the kind of information imparted and how well it was presented, but especially for the personal attention the online format afforded.
WATCHING: I loved seeing John Waters interviewed recently. He is so funny and insightful. To his surprise he is now regarded as an “insider”, and growing up middle class with “good taste” he knew what was “bad taste”. Andy Warhol’s soup can image killed abstract expressionism, and the Beatles killed Motown. It was Tennessee Williams that showed him that there was a place for people like him – and I too remember being very excited by Night of the Iguana when I was at school – there was a different life out there beyond the stereotypical life on offer. Not that I’ve lived it!
But after the fall of most Communist regimes in Eastern Europe, and the rise of the New Atheist movement, the definitions of terms began to change. Atheism was broadened to include disbelief in the existence of God, not just believing there is no God. See examples here:
"He therefore does not wish to comment further pending the investigation,” his spokesperson, Zweli Mnisi, said on Saturday.
Aparently Sloane believes that nothing good ever comes about voluntarily, that innovation only occurs at the barrel of a gun. Sadly he’s not alone in this worldview. A good many people also subscribe to the notion that without a government directing every aspect of our lives we’d all be lost. As Tom Woods notes in Rollback “It is not the case that without the political class [...] our limbs would be blown off by exploding consumer products, and [...] we’d all be working in a mine for a dollar a day.”
Here is a centerpiece I made from several found goodies from Goodwill. The bird had a very ugly brown ceramic crackled finish on it. I sanded it and painted it with about 10 coats of white paint. It then got a thick coat of white glitter and laid to rest on a nest of spanish moss. I used a candlestick to elevate it and made a wire cloche out of 16 gauge wire. Lastly, I attached an altered snowflake on the front and voila!
woodware leaf punch
advice?
And am I wrong to worship where
The shape-shifter stood a few inches away in Daniel’s form. “Whatever you want me to be.” Then, the being leaned in and he shifted into Marianne. “Whatever will get you to surrender in order to consume you.”
The backs of these cards feature a major difference than previous years, Topps included a small black and white photograph to go along with limited stats featuring the players first pro and major league game plus a short biography.
So all in all it's been an excellent few weeks. My dr is back and I am looking forward to my next apt. I'm going to start asking him questions about different options for the birth plan (it's never to early to get everyone in the loop). I have had no nausea, no heartburn, no swelling and not a lot of weight gain although I don't actually know since I refuse to look at the scale. I'm feeling really good. The baby is healthy and kicking and excited to meet it's mom and dad and hopefully some Grandparent's in 21 weeks.
I like the section on eyelashes. Using the same model and make-up, she applies different eyelashes (natural, lux, high impact) to show you how they can change your eyes. In fact, a lot of the looks in this book rely on eyelashes for that extra wow factor.
I am also overwhelmed by a heavy heart. In my home, there are excited children expecting wonderful things tomorrow morning…. I know there are millions of children that will wake up alone, afraid, abused, abandoned, hopeless, without. Oh how my heart is hurting. Oh how it must hurt my God!
Then, mistake number three- I let her clean it up. I actually walked away to do something.
In the New Covenant, the fulfillment depends on God’s faithfulness. ”I will give you a new heart. I will give you a new spirit. I will put My Spirit in you and it will CAUSE you to……..”
(Jay Leno)
Sephora Long-lasting liner in 01 Black
Ian Bamsey investigates how flywheel-based storage of recovered kinetic energy has been pioneered in professional racing
1/3 cup prepared horseradish
He sings a love song,
Last month, Megan Garber, writing in the Nieman Journalist Lab, highlighted one store in Boulder, Colorado, USA, who have taken the bull by the horns and put it up to self-published authors. In this case, yes, the author can buy shelf space.
Hi Friends! Hope you are having an excellent week! I've been busy reading The Hunger Games series and haven't been able to pull myself away! Have you read it? What an exciting story! I can't believe it took me so long to finally get around to reading it. Now I can't wait to see the movie!
Brian and I extended our short-term lease on condo-mini for another term, and today I was meeting with our landlord to hand over the cold hard cash. Would it have been easy to get a little bumfuzzled about this? Of course! Did it cross my mind for a minute or two? Um, yeah.
Inspirational and full of Emotion! Terrific Movie for the entire family!!!
Roshon and Chelsie had his grandmothers come to rehearsal for a bit and were in the audience. His grandmother Conchita had a critique about his footwork. He said he was dancing for them. Their foxtrot was fun and age appropriate. Good job! Loved it! The judges liked it. Score: 29 - Wow!!
Marlowe wrote the sequel "in three weeks flat", and Earl Drake was reborn in One Endless Hour (1969, later retitled Operation Endless Hour). When we left Drake in The Name of the Game is Death, he'd been burned to a crisp in a car-related conflagration after a shootout with the cops and landed up in prison hospital, wrapped head-to-toe in bandages, in terrible pain but utterly unrepentant. Handily, One Endless Hour recaps these final moments (again, slightly rewritten), and then picks up the story with Drake still on the prison ward, beginning to plan a breakout. This first part of the novel is perhaps the best, and plays like a fucked-up One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (as in, Ken Kesey's 1962 novel), with Drake taking the role of Chief Bromden, narrating events while everyone on the ward believes him to be a vegetable
Then it became smaller… and slimmer… and lighter. I owned the brick, the flip-type ones and now, while trying to improve a good thing, or perhaps just wanting to confuse me for the heck of it, placed a television, a movie screen, and a computer in it.
But more important than Iran's eliminationist rhetoric is Iran's actions: Iran is the prime sponsor of Hezbollah, an avowedly-antisemitic terrorist organization that seeks to kill Israeli civilians. Iran is also a prime supporter of Hamas, which also seeks out Israeli civilians to kill (and it even brags about the number of Israeli civilians it has murdered). Hezbollah and Hamas, just like Iran, seek the physical elimination of Israel. Their agenda isn't to create a Palestinian state in Gaza and on the West Bank; their agenda is to replace a Jewish state with an Arab-Muslim state. If you were an Israeli leader, and you understood that Iran works assiduously to murder your civilians, and to bring about an end to your people's collective existence, and then you learned that Iran may be trying to build a nuclear weapon, well, is it so unreasonable to think that Israel might choose to fight back?
More than a hundred years after noted historian Baron John Acton coined the phrase ‘power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely’ scientists claim the saying is biologically true.
Wouldn't you think?
because that was the thing to do
It’s flowy and highly suitable for a garden wedding. No I do not want a ball gown. I want it to be designed by my best friend. The woman behind DKNSTRKT; Loraine who will also be one of my bridesmaids. I’d want it to show my back, coz by then I’ll have an awesome back piece that I’d want to show off. The fabric would be a mix of lace and satin, nothing too cheesy of course we’re going to steer away from the rhinestones and sequins.
Because of the misunderstanding and stigma surrounding gender identity, children are often horrifically bullied, even in their own families.
The diffuse dark light is filtered in thousand of colors, spread on the dance floor and the surrounding walls by huge laser projectors. Everywhere hundreds of peoples, lost in sound waves, are dancing on the music beats. Vapors of alcohol in their breath, sweet perfumes fragrances in their sweat drops, sexual desire in their moves, hungry looks full of desire are scanning our presence wanting us, needing us, devouring us.
But I am heading in some new directions, and I’m excited to see what God has in store for me and my family.
(6) there is evidence of abnormalities in the neuroendocrine system, particularly in the HPA axis but also in the hypothalamic-prolactin axis and in the hypothalamic-growth hormone axis;
There is one phone call though that I will never forget. I was talking with my daughter who was upset with her brother for a decision he made that she thought was wrong, so I being the “fixer’interjected that I had been so proud of him for getting a great grade in an English class that he had struggled in. I told her that she did not give him credit for being smart, and capable. Her answer will forever give me goosebumps:” Well of course he is smart, no one could have lived in that house growing up and not come out smart!” Then she went on to explain why she had every right to be angry with her brother, but I had stopped listening….. That feeling will last me a lifetime.
Inspired by the best traditions of scholarly journals worldwide, Trade, Law and Development seeks to explore inter-disciplinary perspectives on the international legal order, focusing on issues of relevance to the international trading system, environment and development; as well as policy issues. In keeping with our institutional belief that knowledge is empowerment, TL&D seeks to establish itself as an authority in these areas and contribute to the dissemination of ideas and promotion of free thinking in the developing world.
We took them to the closest Woolies and bought a mini icecream tub for $1.29. We sat in the car and shared the ice-cream. Miss 2 kept us informed as to whose turn it was to get a mouthful of ice-cream!
In my most recent experience, I found Scripture also can flat out Shatter chains of bondage all the while Shredding falsified beliefs and like a feather that falls slowly to the ground..it brings us softly back down to our knees with Grace. Free.
Peter Gabriel Biko UK
and the mess is a death sentence.
A small smile played across her lips, and Ronan knew Ash only pretended to sleep.
Belt - Op shop
We have lived in our house for nearly 4 years, and our master bedroom has always had bare windows. Every time I would browse the usual suspects: Crate and Barrel, Pottery Barn, West Elm, Restoration Hardware - I got a knot in my stomach. To do window treatments for all 5 large windows, would be a small fortune! So there they sat, lonely and undressed.
A few minutes later we see scattered lights that announce the town. We pass a sign that reads:
People don't Choose to be Despressed Instead of Happy
In 2011....Well, I don't know what is going to happen in 2011, but I know that what ever it is I can handle it.
For some odd reason I can not help feeling
A “near certainty,” indeed. Just five days after Whitmer published this analysis, Portugal’s government officially requested a bailout, and, one month later, it got one.
“Don’t be flattered that he misses you. He should miss you. You are deeply miserable. However, he’s still the same person who just broke up with you. Remember, the only reason he can miss you is because he’s choosing, every day, not to be with you.”
Just a few people suffer searching at themselves whereas inadequate. It also ranges from seeing themselves image within wrong light for seeing their mental declares as wrong. It is really an unhealthy procedures that can be actually damaging in the end.
The audio is obviously not where it will be one day – cheaply recorded through the desktop’s built-in microphone but I will figure out this four track one day, I’m sure. I’d like to get some strings on here, and maybe a little kid to sing the repetition with me.
“High and outside to ANDRUW JONES??? You f**king a$$hole!!!” – Fred “Senor Solly” Solomon, concerned Mets fan since 1984.
C: Challenging-I am working to challenge myself more with doing things I’ve never done!
i wasn’t sure how long it had been on.
Neither of these is a final design. They're intended simply to present key features requested by community members at the Visioning Workshops and show how they might integrate into a cohesive design. The two designs weight these features differently, giving more or less space to different areas, and supporting different activities. I'm hoping this afternoon's meeting will highlight the most popular features of each design, which can be recombined into a final design for this garden.
Original Fornasetti floor lamps circa 1950, in painted malachite have a price tag of $10,500.00 so, keep your eyes open. Treasures like these can turn up anywhere. The La Cienega district is beautiful, and full of gorgeous little alley ways. At the end of February, the jasmine and wisteria are blooming and their spring flowers are abundant. It is the perfect respite from dreary winter!
To help not only myself, but also other teachers who struggle with classroom management, I am thinking about doing a weekly link up called Management Monday where each week we would have a different classroom management topic and then you would link up and share some tips that work in your classroom.
I walked aways to throw away some garbage and as I gazed back I saw this scene...
She is one of the sweetest girls I've met and her blog is definitely one of my daily reads.
i LOVE throwing a party. throwing a party for my favorite little boy in the world? that's a no brainer. A good way to watch the cost for your favorite two year old? DONUTS. have a "breakfast" party, and serve butt-ton of donuts, and sprinkle a few quick, easy and cheap breakfast goodies like THESE.
why didn’t they use waving sheets of crimson vinyl, thread it
It’s a banner week when two of your go-to business resources launch their books within a few days of each other. I’m so excited for these ladies and for you readers who can benefit from their expertise as well! Both of these books are engaging, extremely helpful reads written for any entrepreneur. Tea Silvestre (aka The Word Chef) wrote Attract and Feed a Hungry Crowd, a marketing book that doesn’t just give you the recipes but teaches you how to cook. Cheri Ruskus, business coach and founder of the Victory Circles, has published her inspirational guidebook for entrepreneurs, Victory One Moment at a Time.
Because of Southern Baptist support, missionaries and their national partners were responsible for baptizing more than 506,000 believers and starting 24,650 new churches across the globe in 2008.
He told him that he will always be grateful for his kindness but he will try to pick up the pieces of his life, or of what's left in Lubao. And that he can never leave his family behind.
“I am Hermel, and this is my cousin, Hornmel,” said Hermel to the Dwarf extending his hand.
These developments – the bifurcated plotting and the removal of the original Jigsaw – have lead to some complaints from fans of the series, but I personally didn't mind them. The Jigsaw killer has never been an icon in the way the '80s slashers were. It's his methods that are the hallmark of the series. He's got a set of best practices (the traps and ideology), a brand name (Jigsaw), and a mascot (the doll). A truly post-modern movie maniac, Jigsaw isn't a killer so much as a murder franchise. From the second film, the filmmakers have established that the original Jigsaw planned to train little Baby Jigsaws and send them out into the world. That we're now dealing with Jigsaw 2.0 is not only expected, but it is preferable to either dragging out the original killer's influence as if there was no operational limit to his ability to predict human behavior or doing what the slashers would have done and reintroducing him as a supernatural entity.I imagine Kramer would view them as components of a machine or trap--one that can perpetuate itself and even expand. He's not as good at predicting human behavior as he likes to think, though, and this machine starts breaking down before he's even gone. Both Amanda and Hoffman go off the rails almost from the start. Amanda must be tested yet again, and fails. Hoffman proves to be such a loose cannon that Kramer feels obliged to make multiple contingency plans to deal with him. Even as this machine comes apart, though, it continues to shed blood, and as the flashbacks drive home, Kramer is the one who set it in motion. What happens in the last three Saw movies may not always be exactly the horror Kramer intended to inflict, but that makes it no less horrific, nor any less the consequences of his actions. The evil that he does lives after him, indeed.
Cardstock - Bazzill Basics Paper
they could have waited
Beyond the obvious wonderful advice, this post got me thinking. After meeting with Martina in our group this week, I have to take a moment to sing their praises. We represent totally different people with noticably different lives. Each of our styles and voices are unique. But our love for writing for children brings us together each week and the result is pure joy. The friendships that I have formed as a result of these meetings are truly cherished.
When will the Park Slope shop be opening?
I don't know whether the sun will come back again, I hope it does - we are planting vegetables, and thinking of warm evenings of summer adventure and bare feet and songs under the stars and golden picnics in August.
The relationship officially came to an end two weeks ago and I am still trying to find my way out of it. What the fuck!! I mean seriously!!
Emily was able to stay and help Amber for an entire month. It was a good experience for her and it will look great on her babysitting resume ;)
Use a credit card that you've linked up to an airline frequent flyer or hotel loyalty program and you'll automatically get points on top of it all.
One more
for once, the weather's going my way!
In a large pan over medium heat, melt the butter and add the shallot. Cook for 5 min until browned, then add the pecans and cook for 2 min stirring occasionally. Then add the white wine, heavy cream, and sage and stir well. Allow it to simmer over low heat while cooking the gnocchi.
Where women glow and men plunder?
Maybe you know it's idiotic. Maybe you tell yourself that it's foolish to allow yourself to get so affected by things that won't matter all that much in the grand scheme of things. 10 years down the road, you know it won't matter. But, it matters today. At least to you, it matters a lot.
Just saying …
Although the Supreme Court said that juveniles in juvenile court, are not entitled to a jury trial in federal court ,we did take some time to discuss rights to an impartial jury in a trial. Today there are 20 states that allow for a trial by jury for certain crimes if a jury is requested. However, New York does not allow juries in any kind of juvenile court case. This can only happen in New York if the juvenile is being tried as an adult. During this workshop, the sentencing issues in cases like Sean Bell and Oscar Grant came up in discussion. This was probably the most difficult class for me. One guy asked how is it that a police officer could get off for murdering someone like Sean Bell but if the situation is flipped and the officer is the one murdered by a regular person, it could mean life imprisonment. I could feel my heart breaking and small tears forming just at hearing that question. While one of my co-instructors gave their response to the question (which I can’t remember), I sat there for a moment thinking. I thought of the heartbreaking moment when I learned that Oscar Grant‘s killer and former police officer, Johannes Mehserle, only got sentenced to 2 years in prison. He ended up serving less than a year which was even more enraging. In response to the young man’s question, I could only say that there are real problems with our justice system and that sentencing is unfairly less harsh for law enforcement and often non-existent but that it’s all of our jobs to do something about it if we want it to change. We spoke a bit more about it after class and also talked about the latest news coverage on the NYPD planting drugs on people in order to arrest them and meet their quotas.
On September 19, there will be a workshop for people who are more serious about keeping chickens, covering specific aspects of keeping chickens, including the time it takes, costs and where you can keep your birds. The last workshop will be on October 17 and will be about preparing chickens for the winter.
I am not worried because my “job arregement” means my boss wants me to stay, no? Hahahaha! And even if I its my turn, why to worry? ))) it would just mean is time to do something new… And maybe time to make my dreams come true!
Now, my sweet little skeletons we will discuss how to take care of your skin. You don’t want to do anything half-assed, right?
What we do know is that Baby Larson #3 is healthy & we Praise God for that.
I would say that God does not just gift us to himself but also to the world. God purchased us for a price and a reason. We were saved not for our personal sake but to be a living sacrifice, presence, and present to the world. As Paul writes in Ephesians 2: “For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith —and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God—not by works, so that no one can boast. For we are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do.” The doing comes after we have been saved; after we have been redeemed, we do good. It’s an outward sign of an inner movement. Our doing good deeds are God working through us.
As you read you will fly through these two short engaging stories of love and acceptance. You will smile as Jason finds a way back and laugh along with the twins of their scheme they have plotted.
I chose the name of my business "VINTAGE HOME lifestyle" because it is so much a part of who I am...no matter where I live or what I am doing for a living. Creating a Vintage Home lifestyle is what it is all about for me. You don't have to live in a grand old home to create that for yourself. It can be done anywhere...in a modern apartment, studio, mobile home or even a trailer for that matter. It is all about surrounding yourself with vintage items that you love...that creates your very own Vintage Home lifestyle.
Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry.
6/2 Houston, TX - Free Press SummerFest
But I do like the idea of having nicknames for implements and may start using them. It would be nice to tell Season to "Get the Stinger." and she knows right away I mean the riding crop.
Convergence in solidarity with the
Brianna and Hannah, notice my rose bush is still blooming
“I put the word out.”
8And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified.
Momma is sick.
Gingersnap Creations.
After our first three dates, Jerome had still not made a move. Shy and sweet, he was the perfect gentleman – by that point, I was ready for him to take a step towards not being one.
May God have mercy upon us all.
Well Ulozas, who has been with QVC for 23 years, is retiring next month. He will be replaced by Dave Apostolic, who currently is vice president of affiliate sales and marketing.
Thanks for playing along. I'll let you play us out. Feel free to plug away.
Anyway, I hope you're having fun doing whatever you're doing. I'm actually packing more lenses than shoes. Boy, have times changed.
This is how it works. The toilets have sensors so the second you walk into the bathroom, the lights go on and the seat-lid goes up. Then the seat is heated which is something you really get used to in the depths of winter weather. Then the toilet can sing to you! Well actually that's just to fake a flushing sound - how many times have you flushed the toilet at work? Admit it. Well Japanese toilets just do it for you! Then there's the built-in bidet and such but let's be honest the best thing is the heated seat.
I pocketed my Droid as soon as I realized I had my hands full.
Our actions are but our personal responses to what were laid to us.
There were hundreds laid out in neat, golden rows in the display cabinets, hanging by their necks in the shop window, twirling in the air conditioner’s draft……
When you think about it, you can spend hours and hours mooching around bike shops, trying to figure out which bike is best for you: mountain bike, road bike, hybrid, BMX, cruiser, cyclocross, tourer, folder, singlespeed, fixie or hack…. And, there are probably some more. Then, you’ll probably spend as much time trying to settle on the colour of said bike and you’ll try on every helmet and pair of gloves in the shop but, and be honest, just how much attention do you pay to the tyres? I’ll wager it’s perhaps not as much as it could / should be.
While it must be said that Peruvian drivers do stop at red lights and stop signs (although here they have PARE as their warning text), this is most likely only one of the three driving rules followed. The other two are don’t smoke at a gas station and ALWAYS obey the police officer making hand gestures.
37. Hugs or Kisses? Depends on who's giving 'em...
Well wouldn't you have it...
(even when I want to spend the night in drinking wine!)
Pierre Krähenbühl, Red Cross spokesman: “We’re deeply shocked and outraged”
Did you know that there's a candy every week on the blog???
Similarly, we read from Ephesians 5:11-12.
“Good-bye Dr. Borden. GEORGE! YOU SHOULD SEE WHAT PUNKY DID!”
My first card I made was really just to see if I still can craft lol....or cut a straight line or something....
And thus the native hue of resolution
-- Patti Smith
called "Carioca" in 25-g plastic packets that has neither aroma nor
A group, who call themselves the “Geloftevolk Republikeine” (Covenant People Republicans), have already publicly announced that they intend committing vengeance attacks on black people if the farm murders, and the killing of white people in urban areas continue in South Africa. The government wants to nail this lot too!
your sheets set sail on twin maples
Leighanna Light I've never really worked with jewelry much & I've been playing with that a bit. And now that I've learned how to sew a button on to a shirt, I've decided that I want to become a fashion designer!
Hubby- who I should probably come up with a better nickname for- is currently enrolled in school to earn his 2nd Bachelor Degree. However, he has been taking many classes from the local community college as it is cheaper. Well, the time has come to transfer to the local university. While he attended the college, we paid his tuition, books, and such out of pocket...but now that he is going to the University we have decided we should look into some other options.
A couple of pieces of the baton with butter – ( I thought I was good avoiding it on the toast earlier!)
Nehemiah stepped forward to admonish his people for this wrongful action on the basis that not only was it wrong, but God would respond to such action by making them susceptible to His judgment through the Gentile enemies.
Fadiah stressed that it was still early for such speculation as things would happen “in due course”.
to grief's lure. I'm here; close your eyes,
Yes, yes, I know – why can’t I just make up my mind, eh? Call myself a critic, blah blah…
beginning far far back at happy hour
As a member of BzzAgent, I received 3 free product coupons for Private Selection products and was encouraged to share my opinion with others.
Hwa Yong tells Bu Yong that when she become the Crown Princess she will call Bu Yong to the palace every day, feed her good food and dress her in nice clothes.
It is the most HORRIBLE DAY ever and you just want it to end so you can start anew tomorrow.
“They have betrayed the moral values of pan-Arabism.
That’s why I hated my original blog. I created it as a companion piece to something I didn’t really like. I created it for an audience that I didn’t want to hang out with.
– I used to think everybody else
What would your obit say about you? What would you want it to say? Who would you most like to write it?
It was drawn from Break Into Fiction, a book co-written by Mary and Dianna Love. It contains 11 templates to help you think through who your characters are, what decsisions they make, and the outcomes of those decisions. The templates are designed to really drive home the linkage between the character's choices and where she (or he) winds up. (A linkage sometimes missing in my own work.)
She's a student at CCNY pursuing a major in political science and a minor in Jewish studies, and when she was younger she posed wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the face of Leila Khaled, the PFLP's favorite Kalashnikov-toting hijacker:
* & a Fun and Fab die cut pack from Creative Memories
Moms, dads, aunts, brothers, sisters and friends showed up to support my enthusiastic writers as they shared their nonfiction books.
An SPC is a national property right granted by a national patent office – unlike the Unified European patent or the regular European patent granted by the EPO. Often an SPC will be based on a European patent granted by the EPO -- or presumably a Unitary European patent in future – but not always, since national patents can be used also as the basis for an SPC.
The decline among whites and increase in other groups in California is a long-standing trend, Johnson said.
Here is what we know about her day.
BLITZER: Senator Santorum?
The number of quoted words: 48 words
PS My new roommate apparently likes to sleep topless. Far from being bothered, I’m actually highly amused. This is my life. I’m going to overlook it because I haven’t been flashed yet and also she’s much nicer than my last roommate, so I’m going to be more lenient.
Curious? I’ll tell you all about it on my next post!
hing- a generous pinch
“He must increase, but I must decrease” John 3:30
The other night I was lucky enough to get invited to the soft opening of a new restaurant in Pasadena called Vol. 94! I actually used to live up in Pasadena and it is still one of my favorite towns in Los Angeles, if the drive to work hadn’t worn me out, I still would be living there today. Vol. 94 just opened up in a space across the street from Paseo near Old Town Pasadena. It’s a wine bistro with seasonal New American small plates with an asian twist.
We must rediscover the power of ridicule, the lampoon brought down the Bourbon kings and the Romanov tzars. In our own time, mockery became Sarah Palin's greatest liability, but it, could have done the same to Obama had the Right known how to deploy it, sadly we didn't.
Myth #1: If you write a book you love, that you believe in (or an entire series) - it will sell thousands of copies. It turns out readers rarely “stumble” onto a good book. Normally someone has to point them to it. I had published nearly the entire Destiny Series before I realized I needed to find readers. I’m not necessarily a social butterfly so it was hard in the beginning. What I looked for instead of readers were new friends. People that enjoyed the same type of books that I did that I could chat with about great books I had read. If I found a book I LOVED, I contacted the author to tell them how great their book was and asked for advice for everything from cover design to book pirating. Books won’t sell
i'm recommending it to you, nicies, and any of my clients looking for a great stand-alone, FREE editing & creating tool.
The other way is when I hear a song three times or more which is not in the charts. It always has some significance for me, although at times it takes a while to work it out.
And I,—what I seem to my friend, you see:
I lost my sense of smell—totally and completely—for five years, and when I felt sorry for myself for not being able to smell the perfume of flowers, my morning cup of coffee, freshly-cut grass, the salty tang of ocean air, or even a Thanksgiving turkey cooking in the oven, I continually reminded myself that of any sense to lose, at least it wasn't my sight. To not be able to read or see beautiful things would be a devastating blow. People deal with such loss all the time, but I would have a very hard time adjusting.
3/15: Reading: Elsaesser, “Cinephilia or the Uses of Disenchantment” (ANGEL)
Does Gherkin feel that because Pickle was ‘chosen’ as part of the family that his being born into the family somehow makes him less special?
Take the L train to Montrose and walk on Bushwick Ave. until you hit Johnson Ave and make a left.
Thing is? I really don't care, and am rather impressed at the level of which I really don't care. So she saw my big fat nekkid ass, so what? We're both girls, that's life, what the fuck ever.
Whoa, I know...you are seeing right.
Since the end of the expedition in 2000 to the Neolithic part of the Mehrgarh site, fieldwork has been halted to allow for deeper analysis of date and to write up publications. In 2003 there was an expedition to study the material at Mehrgarh, and the dig was scheduled to resume in 2004.
Haye's manager, Adam Booth, also suffered cuts to his face in the post-fight melee.
She recently mentioned that she'd thrown a book party for her husband's first novel, The Variations, which I immediately ordered. I wondered what kind of tough man could be married to this over the top woman. I discovered that he had written another book a few years ago called Ambivalence, A Love Story - Portrait of a Marriage. (not fiction as we have it but a memoir) And a beautifully written memoir at that.
Please contact me if you know anyone who may be a good fit for Dinah, I really want her to find a great home.
I am somewhat ashamed but know that a child like that wants attention and the gratification to see me upset. I also know that the harm of a false accusation on my part would be more shameful than just moving on.
go against the grain,left the world behind you
Abbiamo camminati insieme, imparando un po' di parole.
lose my logic and bid on it.
There is reason to believe that many stave churches are built on the old Norse holy places or hoof. The old belief system “Åsatroen” had no place of worship. The exercise of the religion took place outdoors in sacred groves, woe, or hoof. “The Hoof” was often a large living room, or a hall owned by the richest farmer in the village.
Chloe and I leave Thursday evening. We have to find some time to write her name on all her clothes, although we hear that there's not much chance she'll come home with the same clothes she takes. Evidently the communal laundry gets distributed to whoever needs something to wear. We're also going to figure out how to dump pictures from Chloe's camera to her computer so she can post to her as-yet-unpublished blog. (I'll share the address of that when she gives the okay.)
Yep, it's worth the effort.
Butterflies: Baby Pink, Antique Pink
See you next week and have a fab rest-of-the-weekend.
Like many other writers, I decided to enter my manuscripts into contests. And like everyone else, I had the dreamy eyed hope that I’d final and that the brilliant agent or editor judging the contest would fall in love with my pages.
This is the main house where my step-mother lives. The bedroom is on the left and the living area on the right. I took these pictures in a rush so they are not the best. There is also a little pool off in front of the chairs there.
John wants mostly solids for his Free Bee improvised "totems." He's allowed us to use some prints, if necessary. I've elected to use some overdyed green Summersville Brush Strokes.
Officials say Sean McGuire, a student at Drake University, was arrested early Sunday at a convenience store. He allegedly threw several M&M's at a Des Moines police officer, who was investigating a hit-and-run accident involving an intoxicated man.
If someone is picking you up at the airport, please let him or her know you will arrive at the new international terminal, which is accessible from Interstate 75.
ardour.
Necklace: Classic Literature : Yummy
Anyway... I also thought I'd throw in a couple videos. The first is a clip Chris got a couple weeks ago of Ryann reading. The second is a little song thing that Ryann started saying to us the other night. She told us Miss Julie says it to her, which is her teacher at school. It was just too cute the first time she did it. She is saying "Round and round goes the teddy bear. One step. Two step. Tickle under there!"
If you’ve been through the assessments and caveats we’ve presented above, and you think you’re ready, then begin with an examination of your current organizational strategy, and fit your social computing strategy to it. The next section can help guide you in this process.
Lately, I have been 'forced' to do quite a bit of shopping for some new clothes. There's that inadvertent weight loss and no one likes a scary lady in a tent, neh? So I've been shopping my little heart out. I know, mine is a hard and tiring life, but it's all mine and well, yes, someone has to do it. Otherwise, what will happen to the global economy? How will the finances of nations fare? Without my contribution? Especially, if I don't walk out of a shop with at least one pair of highly weather-inappropriate and uncomfortable shoes, at least a couple of belts (say it loud, say it proud: "I think if I belt this shirt it will be even cooler"), and the odd, yet very cool and edgy t-shirt. And jeans. Shouldn't forget the jeans. Who will then keep the globe going, I ask you?
We have to be in harmony with the Universe. And, the Universe has its own rhythm and sound.
Now that I have this nice three-week window of recovery time where I can't do anything physical and can't work, this is the ideal time to write on the novel (in between naps). I don't want to squander this time. (And yes, I will not push myself to do work when I don't feel like it...no worries on that score!).
Ok! Ok! I'll start keeping track of what week I am.
I should have these in the mail to you in the next few days.
So, nineteen years after work first began, and sixty seven after Velasco had first had the idea, Madrid had its new thoroughfare, with its three sections commemorating the memory of three politicians; Peñalver, Pi I Margal, and Dato.
So, Mr Bean - sorry, lil' Ed' - sorry, Ed Miliband - has summoned up the courage to crawl from beneath the wreckage of his party's failed 'project' and say a few words today.
Carolyn Slasher runs a used book store. Here's a good example of why Ray Dennis is one of our heroes and how efficient he could be with his money. The checkout area of the store is nothing more than a folding table, they didn't even bother with a cash register! Carolyn was in almost all of Ray's films in some capacity, and also had the role of Fishman's girl in "Eegah!!"
I'll never tell (c:
for keeping a journal.
We are on our third Shabby Chic bed set from Target and we use them all. Mr.A doesn't mind them and he knows that it makes me super duper happy, so that makes him happy! If your bed needs some freshening up, maybe you could go comforter/quilt/duvet shopping together, pick something out that you both like. After all, he has to sleep in your bed too!
St. Patrick’s Day is coming up. I’m a native New Yorker and New York is home to the largest St. Patrick’s Day Parade IN THE WORLD. I’m also a gay. I’ve been a straight-ish, I’ve been a bi (probably still am), and I am now – due to my completely committed relationship with Wifesy – A GAY. Since I plan to be with her until I take my last breath, I will always be a gay. And guess what, if – god forbid – something happens to me, her, or our relationship – I’ll probably still be a gay. I don’t think you can just shake it off, regardless of what these lunatic ex-gay groups think. What’s my point in bringing up my sexuality timeline? Well, to prove that things are never black and white. They are most often grey. What IS black and white, to me, however, is discrimination.
If we’re being honest Entourage isn’t a very funny comedy anymore. And an episode about guys moving into new apartments isn’t very ‘insidery’ – if not for the jokes or the ‘inside Hollywood’ stuff why exactly are we watching this show? Is it really to see a bunch of man boys come to grips with living on their own?
Start by cutting up a bunch of potatoes, pouring the olive oil on them and putting them in the microwave for 3 to 6 minutes.
As Leila starts to freeze on the van floor, Reese goes through a range of almost primal paternal emotions. First, he tries to power through the handcuffs. When that doesn’t work, he successfully RIPS THE PIPE OUT OF THE VAN WALL. He immediately grabs Leila and holds her close to him, trying to warm her. When he realizes he can’t keep Leila warm and try to break out while in his handcuffs, he’s forced to tell Elias where Carter hid Moretti. Elias then provides him the keys to the handcuffs, allowing Reese to undo them and break out of the van. Reese then jumps into a nearby truck, cranks the heater up, then starts breathing on Leila’s skin to warm her and get her to cry to make sure she’s still alive.
For drinks, we both went for Royal Tru-Orange.
Expect the Same Service
Administrative Assistant $14,000.00 est.
God, you our Fadda.
"A government big enough to give you everything you want, is also big enough to take it away."
Visually, it’s menacing and aggressive with slightly flared wheel arches, bulging bonnet, black alloy wheels and large quad exhausts at the back. The test unit also came fitted with a carbon fibre bootlid spoiler, not necessary but a nice touch never-the-less. LED daytime running lights are fitted and make the C63 even more imposing in rear-view mirrors.
Would’ve shown him that I would’ve tried
Identification Dark-colored cap; shiny cheek; black bib; grey upperparts; greater coverts, secondaries, and tertials surrounded plainly shiny in slip and winter weather (less specific in summer time when the shiny edges are used off); factors and flanks buffy or pinkish when clean, removal to light strong by summer time when worn; external longest tail down surrounded plainly shiny.
He added that if evidence was discovered, the police would ensure the case was reinstated.
"Oh, well, when you put it that way..."
Once there was this guy named Mark and he worked at this gas station. Mark loved burritos, but wouldn’t eat them ever because he was afraid of gaining weight. One day his mean ex-girlfriend Lola came into the gas station and started waving a burrito in Mark’s face and taunting him. Finally Mark was so fed up that he snatched the burrito out of Lola’s hand. Lola got mad and called her dad who was a police officer and said that Mark had robbed her. The police officer started chasing Mark, but then realized that all he had taken was a burrito. Mark didn’t realize that the police officer had stopped chasing him, though, and kept running until he reached Mexico.
smoked salmon and creme fraiche baby blinis topped with fresh dill
Most people aren`t actually enjoying the process of cleaning. But you can “release the steam” by cleaning after a busy and stressful day. If one has had a hard week with peers, bosses or family, and there is a lot of frustration to vent, there is no better way to do so than to pick up mop, broom, brush or vacuum.
And I always said. “Hang on to me baby and let’s hope that the roof stays on”.
Recording Location: On the floor in front of the mixingtable, about 15 meters from the stage, bit to the right
Perhaps the most serious concern is a problem fish farms were meant to alleviate: the depletion of marine life from over-fishing. Salmon aquafarming increases the depletion because captive salmon, unlike vegetarian catfish which thrive on grains, are carnivores and must be fed fish during the 2-3 year period when they are raised to a marketable size. To produce one pound of farmed salmon, 2.4 to 4 pounds of wild sardines, anchovies, mackerel, herring and other fish must be ground up to render the oil and meal that is compressed into pellets of salmon chow.
*There will be one or more posts per week interspersed with other projects I have in the works.
#616 ~ Making it through 45 minutes non stop Zumba Gold at the YMCA today.
Bloodforge
BYOB Do’s
We play, in the deathly black nights
So with all of these heroes in place (Hulk! Thor! Daredevil! Punisher! Black Widow! She-Hulk!), parallel universe Marvel was ready to put the star-spangled cherry on their Americone Dream ice cream. “Captain America” starring Matt Salinger was released in a handful of theaters (none of them in America, ironically) in December 1990 and, much like last year’s “Captain America: The First Avenger,” it too would lead up to an “Avengers” movie.
How stupid is it to cover miles of land, far from any urban center, with hundreds of solar panels or huge, ugly wind turbines that kill thousands of birds every year?
Gen 2:15-17
It sums up how he lived his life and what he passed on to his family.
For lunch we found a nice swimming hole. It was quite warm to people swam. Even I did it, though the water was far from Caribbean. The water was a bit cloudy from silt, but there was actually small fish in it. At that time we met the group of hikes that started after us. They came on the place the day before. There were just two people with two payed guides. They were making a hell of a progress. Perhaps they knew exactly where the trail was. One of their guides was leading trips in these mountain for many-many years. He was nice enough to hold his groups so that we can pretend we are in total isolation. Perhaps he actually was mostly taking care of this clients.
Your shadow at morning striding behind you
That my friends is another glimpse into the complicated life of Kathy.
Could you replace the who/whom pronoun with HIM or HE? Which sounds better? If he works, then use who. If him works, use whom.
Remember to check back later this weekend…
Hope everyone has a great week:)
Center for development studies, India.
We drove backroads through Onesquethaw and Glenmont to the Walmart's. Devin drives like rescue personal so I spent much of the ride with my eyes closed. We drove through water, around downed trees eventually making it the Walmart's unscathed.
As I move my family and slowly lose my mind this week, I plan to brainstorm both job requirements for Sweet DoDOo (confusing spelling intended) and the Craigslist ad that I will use to lure in…I mean hire, him or her. Both will be shared in a later installment. As always, your ideas are welcome and wanted. Please leave them below.
“If you just set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.” (Margaret Thatcher)
Gaby Beard - 61
We were legitimately playing fair fora while, and then silverfish invaded my home, and then they multiplied. Riley and Tyler came to assist fearing that they would take over the map. Then Riley abused his powers a bit as admin and started spawning mobs everywhere. They were all over in my house and I told them to burn it. Then Riley started littering my house with TNT. Kaboom!
Is it a coincidence that on the very week I pull an Ace and use it to take a week off from money assignments, I nail the spend tracker (I am in LOVE with my new system), find the time to cross a long list of money chores off my to-do list and FINALLY get around to creating that killer spreadsheet which captures all of my assets, liabilities, income and outgoings in one easy to find location … like a sparkly dashboard?
Hypnosis
Now I'm off! Have a great night!
Well, obviously, right? The Scholastic offerings are adaptations of award winning books. And as far as I can tell, Make Way For Ducklings was not written to hawk juice boxes.
... you have to pack your milk in a sweet vintage thermos, and pick up some locally baked pastries. And then you have to step out onto the deck for some fresh air and a view of the white caps. You have to.
Here's the main question for 2012.
The purpose of analysis is not simply to know the individual parts that make up a thing but to know how they relate to one another– to know how, taken together, they constitute a whole. Regarded in purely quantitative terms, a whole is no more than the sum of its parts. But if that view were adequate to understanding the nature of a thing, then the dismantled parts of a clock, gathered together in one place, would be a clock and would behave accordingly.
Pooja Bhatt
So tasty. So salty. So crunchy.
My pile of larger squares… What’s bad is that I was not even through sewing them all when I took this.
Quin - Making soup
I have always loved this quilt and wish I knew more about the person who made it. Besides it's mysterious creator, one thing that always makes me smile is it's color. It's orange and white- sunny and bright. Someone once told me that they thought it was probably not orange but red and that it has faded with time and use. But I disagree, something tells me it's always been orange (faded red to me is pink) and that makes me smile all the more. I'm guessing 100+ years ago, orange wasn't a popular color, let alone the color of the year, like Tangerine Tango is this year, but someone liked it enough to make a quilt with orange proudly displayed. Which got me thinking that in 2012, I NEEDED to make a quilt for myself. (I haven't yet you see). Then along came the Tangerine Tango challenge…….
It went really well and I really haven't felt all that much pain since. It is not comfortable by any means, but ok. I'm just really really tired and sore.
What if you are listening and no one is talking about your business? How do you get them to start talking? Well, first you start by engaging with social media.
Can you not kill what you can't see?
We've got a bonus for you, this is actually a tale of two pizzas. One is a basic Margherita Pizza (as pictured above) with just Roma tomatoes and basil for the toppings and the 2nd is the beautiful creation at the top that we consider a Margherita Pizza with a twist. Who says you can't have a little fun with the toppings? Nobody! Go ahead have yourself a little fun because that's one of the best parts of making a pizza. However, before you begin, you're going to need to go out and purchase a pizza stone if you don't already have one. This is to truly make a genuine Margherita Pizza because if you use just a regular pizza pan, it won't necessarily cook the same therefore it won't taste the same as a Margherita Pizza.
When I first found this animated movie I loved it. I sent fr.o.m. Laughing, to thinking it was sexy, to loving the drawings, to asking myself “how did they manage to make it so much fun its à b… Walking infront of us for
And your dollar will be saving and restoring lives in all kinds of ways. Removing a child from an orphanage gives that child a family and a future, something everyone needs. It also frees up a bed in an orphanage for another orphan. Your dollar will change lives and save lives in ways you may never know.
Grounding conclusions in examples was important, as the nature of the industry means that often hyperlocal practitioners feel like they are on their own. The report shows that others (often the world over) are facing many of the same problems, and that creative and innovative solutions to these challenges do exist.
I'm happy to report that Austin's PBS station KLRU has decided to air the "Sugartime!" episode of Postcards from Buster made famous by our oxymoronic Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings. It will air on Monday, March 28 at 8 p.m.
Tuesday, May 8, 2012, 7:00 p.m. - 8:30 p.m.
Oil two 8 x 8 inch pans or a 9 x 13 inch pan. Spread a few spoonfuls of sauce on the bottom. Add 1/3 of the noodles in a single layer. Spread half of the cashew ricotta on top. Top with 1/3 of the sauce. Repeat the layers, ending with a final layer of just noodles and sauce. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes until your lasagna is hot in the center.
I keep moving the book from place to place. Yet other than always receiving a spot on my crowded bookshelf, it remains neglected. In between books, when I scan my shelves for the next read, sometimes my eyes cross over it, and I feel a little pang. (Why don’t you want to read it? I hear in my head.)
Third: I'm gonna be a "TATA" !!!!!!!!
Representatives for Fashion Show Mall have not yet commented.
What makes a band look awesome more than having a custom dream head on the big bass drum? Nothing, that's what!
Confidence is a broad label. Some of it has to be innate. You have to draw from your well of tenacity, and if it's empty, it's a terrible drain on your well-being.
Blogs that make me happy.
Since first grade, Ben has wanted to be an inventor. Since the fourth grade, he knew it would have something to do with redesigned steam-engines and high speed rail. Specifically, somehow hydrogen power is involved. I don't quite understand, and even though we were encouraged in pre-school to not feed Ben's narrow interests, we kind of ignored that advice.
4-6 carrots
I arrive at rehearsal, get a huge bear hug from my friend. She says she is so grateful for me coming. I look away to hide the tears. It is still very new to me to belong any where. To be wanted. Appreciated. Loved. Accepted.
That is to say, once there are a certain number of candles on your birthday cake, society views you as an antiquity whose sole value is limited to keeping bingo parlors in business, watching Matlock reruns and bitching about the Harper government.
Bob Clark, News Radio 770 KKOB: Walt, you wanted to start with the industrial market, what is the latest with Industrial real estate.
The team that competed as Lotus Racing in 2010 will be renamed Team Lotus after buying the historic rights to the name under which Lotus raced from the 1960s until ... Read more>>
This nation love, you see
But I have a styling closet filled to the brim of itty bitty clothes I can never wear.
Mister was abt. 11 yr old and
Jesus wept,
But it was the larger than life presence of Madea that was truly delightful and tightened up laugh muscles I hadn’t used since Madea made her last on-screen appearance in Madea’s Family Reunion. Since there’s always room for improvement and I assume everyone believes that—including the proven successful Tyler Perry, I decided to enjoy Tyler’s intended purpose of the film--to make people laugh, and laugh I did- and out loud too—many times--with no restrictions.
I am not “moody”
At the same time, the Confederation of the Food and Drink Industries of the European Union (CIAA) released its annual report targeting the EU's geographical indications system as needing a "fundamental" review. CIAA is concerned that the system's credibility as a quality assurance scheme is being undermined by the vast number of applications for trademark protection under the system:
Throw the carrots into the same very hot pan and toss them around a bit until slightly browned, about a minute or so.
I have most of the Little House Ornaments from 2010 stitched for myself and they hung on our tree this year. I'm looking forward to the 2011 ornament line from Diane, and I have a leg up on you all because I've stitched the first 6 already, as I am the stitcher and finisher for all the 2011 ornaments :) But sadly Diane gets to keep those and I have to restitch them for myself.....
I had arrived at Westbury at 1100 only to find it very cold, very windy, and very full of hangies of all vintages (gliders and pilots)! Where was the sunshine and these light NW’lys that had been promised?
Two nights ago Addison woke up screaming, I felt how hot she was immediately, temperature was 101. After searching the house at 3am for ten minutes without my glasses on (I was in panic mode) I found her medicine. The rest of the night was rough. I called her ped in the morning and they wanted to see her. What a nightmare it is to have a sick baby checked out. This first time mama was not prepared for all the fussing and screaming. After being poked and prodded everywhere, two hours later it appears to be just a cold- thank goodness!
Between trips he continued to play frequently on Cape Cod, often with his son, Ernie, on drums. He became music director for Dunfey's (Hyannis) and performed there regularly. It seems that everyone over fifty, who was here then, saw him perform at least once, and most saw him several times. The reminiscences are remarkably similar: always greeted by a big smile on the first visit, and a personal Hackett greeting on the second. Of course, we will never forget the music.
4. Stop after five minutes and get on Tumblr, Youtube, etc, for twenty minutes as a reward for starting.
OK, I did warn you there might be rather a lot about Dickens this year! This is Pip (Philip Pirrip) in his latest incarnation, Douglas Booth, in the recent BBC adaptation of Great Expectations. Too pretty, do I hear you say? A lot of people thought so, by which I mean people of my acquaintance, both in reality and in those parallel versions of it on Facebook and Twitter.
If the dish was made of glass?
Dante has to deal with his girlfriend, Veronica (Marilyn Ghigliotti) always prodding him to do something with his life instead of working at the convenience store. Dante still has feelings for his ex-girlfriend, Caitlin (Lisa Spoonauer), who he finds out in getting married.
The LORD has been mindful of us, is another response to the taunting question of verse 2, Where is their God? The very existence of the house of Israel, the house of Aaron, and those who fear the LORD can be seen as indications of this. The words he will bless indicate the trust mentioned in the previous verses.
For a candle brand of a high-end home furnishings store (Tulips), we used different constellations with respect to the colour they represent in zodiac references.
Thanks again for stopping by and thinking about my Fluffy!
I think I will take a bow for that performance.
For example, if a character is beaten (and this week I have two characters roughed up), I can't very well have them popping back up like live-action dolls without an ache or groan. Well, deep point of view is more than simply adding description. Here's a longer definition (complete with purple prose) at Wow! Women on Writing.
So..moving on. None of that had anything to do with books or reading or anything, and something tells me about 1% of you actually read those two and a half paragraphs. SOOO...without further ado, here are the giveaways you came for!
Of course, it's easy to understand why Mandela is so revered. He's the recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize, and in the past four decades has been awarded more than 100 prizes, citations and degrees. Nor should his accomplishments since being released from his prison be diminished.
Cinnamon Sugar (be heavy handed!)
Today you are all in for a surprise. My first ever vlog.
The job seeker was wearing the owner's shoes, socks, belt, a pair of
I’ve always wanted to try making a Key Lime Pie, just the sound of it makes me feel all “sitting in a cabana on the beach” like. Little did I know that the original recipe called for key limes…hence the name. But I guess they are native to Florida so the recipe has been adapted for regular garden variety limes…or persian limes.
1) Heat the oil in a wok and fry the garlic and chilli boh until fragrant.
As the floor littered with crunched-up spider diagrams, my eyes blurred and coffee flowing through my veins, I distilled this list into:
Most college applicants apply RD (regular decision) and their applications are due January 1st, January 15th, February 1st or later. Some schools accept applications until March or even April 1st. Students applying Early Decision, ED, submit applications as of November 1st or 15th. These students will be notified of their acceptances by December 15th or so. Many schools have something wonderful called 'Early Action" which allows students to apply early, to be notified early, but to not have to commit to just one school early.
I am giving away one of my Christmas gifts, I got something I already had so I am going to pay it forward! You get 2 chances to win. You have to watch the video to find out what it is and how to enter. You don't have to watch the entire video it's somewhere near the middle and I also remind you at the end. You could skip to the end to find out, if you are not interested in video.
Ellams seems to be one of those people unfairly showered with talent. He began his creative life as a visual artist and began writing later. According to the program, much of his practice is an attempt to merge visual art and writing. He is also, as is clear from the opening moments of The 14th Tale, a natural performer - an easy presence on stage, with an expressive physicality of which director Thierry Lawson takes full advantage.
I wonder if they therapy for this?
A: In response to earlier posts, If only God can truly change the heart, there is absolutely no reason to increase awareness. If only God can change the heart, then increasing awareness has zero effect. If only God can change the heart, then don’t mention god to your children. It’s a waste of time. Of course we all know this has absolutely no basis in reality. The only reason any religion exists is because of the spread of them by mouth and by force.
Baron, the 2d and 3d entry on this comment thread were an attack upon the Catholic Church.
Belt: Obi from ties, just tied in the back rather than the front.
Seau twice came out of retirement to join the Patriots, first in the summer of 2006 and again in the middle of the 2009 season.
At least I got entertained.
This one was ok, but the sky was kind of boring, so I layered it up in Photoshop, and this is
The two fat men lumbered on at the lead with Violet worrying Peterson like a dog herding sheep.
For instance, the file had papers that needed to be signed, but did not explain the conditions under which people were granted bail.
Some of God's greatest gifts are all too often unanswered...
By the way: OOPS! 5 gal. was TOO much! Don't buy the 5 gal. unless you're planning on splitting it with friends or family. Thankfully we found one family so far.
We have standard drywall in our house and just about anything we hang on the wall requires wall anchors in addition to screws. Drills, hammers, and dust. Really, large heavy mirrors and drywall are not a great combination; it was never quick nor easy to hang things. But that was before we discovered French Cleats.
***Please link directly to your Follow Me Back Tuesday Post. Links that lead directly to your personal blog hop will not be accepted and will be deleted.***
A marketing strategy?
1. I was born at Midnight.
Photo Credit: Timesofindia.com
I'm now looking forward to getting to know my children well enough to pick them out in a crowd again, and making inroads into the ironing pile while thinking about the next book. It's been in my head for most of the time I've been working on this one, and it's quite a departure from anything I've done before. Can't wait to get started. I'm sure it'll flow from my fingers and be finished in a month
stay warm, take care
* or from * to * = repeat instructions following a single asterisk or between two single asterisks as directed, and seems fairly self-explanatory. Sometimes a pattern will use two ** as well.
The 32-year-old City Under Siege actress donned a cap-sleeved red crochet lacy ruffled Valentino Spring 2012 evening gown featuring a totally see-through overlay layer revealing a v-neck full-length black dress underneath. The floor length dress was accessorized with earrings, layered necklace, large statement cocktail ring, silver watch and gold clutch.
than whatever situation you’re going through!
I made this collage the other day in Picasa. Can't wait to get it printed and hung up somewhere in the house. I just love this girl!
Fast forward from February 2008 to February 2009. During a similar incident, this time at an upper class English-speaking academic institution (Reitzhuis was Afrikaans-speaking), the black head boy, Kaizer Tabane, of Parktown Boys was one of the ring leaders of the attacks on Ms Kimber’s white son and other victims. He was admittedly later stripped of his responsibilities.
Jen, you've always mattered.
and take me to my Mrs. Claws!
P.S. If you like the "Here and Now" segment, you might also enjoy a call-in program I did recently on Minnesota Public Radio with law professor Joan C. Williams, director of the Center for WorkLife Law and author of Reshaping the Work-Family Debate: Why Men and Class Matter. You can hear it here.
