In the end, I looked pretty good if I say so myself. I went with one of my close friends (who everyone mistakes for my sister) and we had a lot of fun catching up with old friends. After I got home, I called up my best friend and we chatted until two in the morning, only ending the call because we were moments from falling asleep.
It Is our belief that the future of our country can only be determined by a body which is democratically elected on a non-racial basis.
The Kettle movies were cornball comedies shot in the 1950s, but to my in-laws they were documentaries on farming, child rearing, fashion and the social graces. To Mom and Dad, there was nothing funny about them: a Kettle movie was as serious as an Army training film on digging latrines that drain away from the troop tents.
So you can imagine that I’m not about to enter an Apple store for any reason other than to hurl Molotovs. Which leaves me in a bit of a quandry: Yearning desire for ice-cool tech VS burning hatred of the current market leader. FIGHT!
Here’s Ragen’s piece:
Hello Diva's! I hope today has found you all doing Well! For me I am Excellent but in need of some Energy! I am trying to stop drinking so much Coffee but I really need a Cup right now because I have a TON of things that need to be done!
I consoled myself with leg room which was all that remained of my earlier seat triumph, and the man to my left emitted the first in a 90-minute long sequence of meaty little burps.
So, another SAA come and gone. I got to see Bardiac and Flavia, whom I've met before, and I also met Fie Upon This Quiet Life and Moria (briefly). So, yay.
A really healthy silence settled into my soul after a month of disconnection in Japan. I knew few people and few cared that I was there. I have no title and I am not leading a ministry there – I was supporting my dear friend Katie Cornick while she brilliantly pioneers in building the people and work of 24-7 Prayer in Japan. My BlackBerry didn’t work except when connected to wi-fi, so I was most often without connection to everyone I do know, who might depend on or look to me. And, I don’t know Japanese, so I was only minimally able to communicate with Japan’s people or understand my surroundings.
Rose Garden
Clarence Clemons & The Red Bank Rockers: Can't Turn You Loose (live)
In the last days of 2010 I asked Truckers from Arizona, New Mexico and West Texas for their picks of the best and worst things about 2010. This list is compiled from their answers.
".............. worked not only in the SS's own workshops and small companies situated in the industry yard next to the camp, but also in various punishment units such as the 'shoe walking unit'.
coming home
OK, I want to talk a bit about reviews. This may seem a bit rudimentary, but stick with me. A review is an unbiased, careful look at a book — basically it is a little academic paper. It involves an itty-bitty thesis on your opinion of the book, surrounded by tiny supporting sentences describing the strengths and weaknesses of said book. Every month, dozens upon dozens of these reviews come out in professional journals. Because they're fair and thorough, they're prized and respected in the publishing world. Authors celebrate positive pro reviews. They sigh and learn from negative pro reviews. Publishing houses bend over backward to send review copies to these journals in time for a timely review, because good reviews can make or break a book's success with libraries and booksellers.
This week, The Voice was all about Team Cee Lo.
When Angels Come to Town ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 AM
I agree wholeheartedly.
How about you? Do you do anything specific when you sit down to write a scene. And what do you do when you're stuck?
With the aliens dead the first thought that came to my mind was Sheri, I went running back to the motel only find most of it destroyed. Sheri would later be found in the rumble; her body crushed when one of the explosive rounds the aliens fired detonated inside and caused it to collapse. Troops arrived as I was trying to dig her out and everyone in the area was quickly carted off, whether they wanted to or not, to some undisclosed location along with what pieces of the aliens they could find and their ship.
The chocolate type, of course, is best
More than the black cloud of malevolence hunched by the fire, or the yawning void of the Sherim at his back - he could feel it now, tugging at his mind, testing his logic - it was the raw fear in Dora's tone that got to Rel. He shivered, trying to think of a way to comfort her while still confronting the problem. Nothing came except a few false starts that made him sound as if he was stammering.
He gives Jack time to think about it.
I probably should have written this post several weeks ago when it was hot and sticky. But I suppose even with cooler temperatures, it's still important to stay hydrated. The thing is that American style water fountains, or bubblers as they call them in New England, are nowhere to be found in Paris. (Disclaimer: You can find water fountains in the American Library, the American Embassy, and Marymount International School, although these are not exactly easy to find when you are out and about.) That being said, if you have a bottle, there's plenty of drinking water out there. Although the French tend to buy a lot of bottled water, water from the tap is perfectly safe and to my tastes, just fine for quenching one's thirst. So save your nickels for wine or coffee, and fill up on the free stuff.
As I suspected, Bill Brockbrader and Dave Corso buddied up to him in order to attack him, clone him, and discredit him, by order of the CIA, their masters.
I wanted to find an old cigarette, and laugh at him trying to pretend that he didn't smoke.
“…A Rose is a rose is a rose is a rose is / A rose is what Moses supposes his toes is / Couldn’t be a lily or a daphi daphi dilli / It’s gotta be a rose cuz it rhymes with mose!”
Main Conference July 27-29: Topics will be grounded with the “Practical Beekeeper” in mind. Schedule and topics TBA. $210 (early bee price until May 15…$230 after May 15).
“We don’t just want solidarity (from white people) – we want action” – Galiwinku elder
It’s been awhile.
Down the passage which we did not take
Some ways are there of switching off Wifi/data etc - but then why would you want to buy a smartphone ?
Deschutes Brewery Hop Trip (Bond Street Series)
Until the problem database that we started imagining last summer becomes a reality, I need to keep myself organized in another way. Being able to search my computer (including the text inside the files) has been the lifesaver so far.
Electronic music even became accessible by the general public, at World's Fairs (track 11), or even at movie theaters, where the entire soundtrack of FORBIDDEN PLANET awaited them (track 13). Fellow genius Raymond Scott, whose jazz pieces and other works had often been a favorite of Carl Stalling's when it came to scoring Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies, founded "Manhattan Research" to produce electronic music for use in commercials and television. Some of the instruments and machines were even invented by Scott. A handful of fascinating tracks are included here.
-Minestrone soup
We all get heavier as we get older, because there's a lot more information in our heads.
So here is my admittedly contrarian collection of commentaries on Hitch, in the hope that we can come up with a more balanced view of the man and begin a thoughtful discussion about just how much good or bad he has done to atheism, freethought, and political discourse.
Dinner: BBQ Chicken & cornbread casserole*, honey glazed carrots, cookies
Pictures are below for your enjoyment : )
Save for the beginning and the end, Mildred Pierce isn’t your typical piece of film noir, at least it’s not what I think of when I picture the genre. As the film opens, gunshots fill the air and a mustached man, whom we later learn is Monte Beragon (Scott), keels over dead, his last word: “Mildred!” From there we head to the police station where suspects are being filed in, Mildred Pierce Beragon (Crawford), now Monte’s widow, one of them. Mildred is sat in front of the police captain’s desk and from there we’re into a flashback. We learn that Mildred wasn’t always married to Monte, as we travel back to the day she separated from her first husband, Bert Pierce (Bennett) due to a bunch of little problems, most notably Mildred’s handling of their two daughters – Veda and Kay. You see, Bert has just lost his job and Mildred tries her best to make a few bucks here and there, baking pies and selling them around town. Mildred wants nothing more than to be able to provide for her daughters and quickly realizes that her eldest, Veda, has expensive tastes. When Bert moves out, Mildred has to take a job as a waitress. She picks it up fast, making enough in tips to support her and the girls and being able to provide Veda with fancy dresses and singing lessons, among other things. Eventually Mildred becomes such a good waitress that she decides to open up a restaurant of her own – enter Monte Beragon, owner of a property that would be perfect for a restaurant. Along with friend and business consultant/real estate man Wally Fay (Carson), Mildred buys the property and opens up what turns out to be a booming restaurant called “Mildred’s.” In fact, the restaurant does so well that Mildred turns it into a chain and makes a pretty good living for herself. All the while she’s being courted by Monte, whom Veda loves to flaunt about the town with, flaunting her wealth. I know it doesn’t sound like a piece of film noir, but don’t worry – soon greed, deception and murder rear their ugly heads and you won’t believe the outcome!
Cutler (to Eve): “So, this is how it ends. This is what it was all for.”
In our MOPS meeting, we created really cute tote bags. I purchased black canvas bags from an ebay seller in bulk and then the ladies made some adorable appliques. Most of the ladies made adorable monograms or layered cute crosses cut from zebra print fabric or other cute coordinating patterns. I promise I'll post some pics of them once I snap some.
Ha!!!
Getting £3 back from the Halifax because I was brave enough to check my account and saw they had overcharged me, ditto my credit card company who I then convinced to pay for my call to complain about their service (I count this as a double-win)
Gary King: Name the funny men who once entertained kings and queens at court.
Moreover, and thinking again of our position as shareholders in these banks, that both would once more be seen to generate sustainable profits would advance the value in the capital markets of our shareholdings, bringing closer the day when we could sell our shares at a profit.
Politically, Jimmy McManus remained the democratic district leader in Hell’s Kitchen. Now one of the senior and longest serving members of the New York County Democratic Committee he made several attempts to become its leader (which would have meant he would have held the position traditionally as head of Tammany Hall) only to be defeated by Denny Farrell, a district leader from Harlem. His McManus democratic club continued to function as it had in the days of his great grand uncle in that it would try to help constituents who sought assistance with personal or governmental problems and to hold semi-annual cocktail parties and a breakfast on St. Patrick’s day. However, because of civil service its ability actually to find jobs for members was much more limited than in the 19th century. Also while it remained a place where people of different economic and ethnic groups could come to talk about local politics and their personal problems, many of the newer and younger upper middle class residents of the district would never know about it or think to avail themselves of its services.
“Appears to be just one.”
Our theme this week is "Prom-enade!". Time to break out the formal wear and celebrate all those gorgeous young people headed off to the big dance! Use a tux, dress, prom or dance them and your Cricut--we'd love for you to create with us!
But, Christ is not a dead word, but a living and active Word.
A careful reading of David Wigransky's letter immediately reveals to me one thing. In my opinion, this was "not" written by a 14 year old boy. The letter is immaculate! It carefully refutes, rebuts and counters nearly every point Dr. Wertham has made in his previous published comic book denouncements. In fact, it reads like a legal brief, written by a lawyer for a comic book company preparing to go to war with Dr. Wertham and his anti-comic book ilk. While no one has ever made a case for anyone other than Wigransky himself being the author (and apparently a check with David's high school principal confirmed his writing skills), I just find it hard to believe that a 14 year old wrote this all by himself.
I love photography. Few things on this planet get me as excited as the opportunity to take pictures of a beautiful place or person, and the sound of a shutter is music to my ears. It amazes me how a single image can conjure up a range of emotions. I have always been a very visual person, so what draws me into a story is its photograph.
I don’t know about you, but my vagina is fucking fantastic. If someone’s going to use my vagina as an insult, then they obviously don’t know jack shit about my wonderful vagina. If anything, they should be using my vertical pleasure dome as a compliment.
Cost: $50 donation to Young Audiences of Massachusetts (includes complimentary beer, wine and light hors d’oeuvres)
They are there now because our rulers are on their side against us. The Saudi monarchy are building The Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies (OCIS), founded in 1985. Prince Charles is its honorary patron. It is the biggest Muslim educational centre in the United Kingdom and built as a traditional Oxford college around a central cloistered quadrangle.
~Anthony Euwer
This is the first Smuttynose Brewing Company beer I have had the pleasure of trying. I always see them featured in craft beer aisles but had never taken the chance until now. This beer pours a very nice orange color with a strong white head that seems to last forever. Definite pumpkin and hop aromas. Not a huge pumpkin flavor but hints of it on the aftertaste. A bit more hoppy than I was expecting. Nice flavors but a little overshadowed by the hoppy character. As my palate got used to the bitterness, there was a nice smoothness and a bit more pumpkin taste.
my personal experience how to decrease
Anyway, this computer hacking is making me thirsty. Have a blessed holiday, everyone.
Maritime activities flourish here: the harbour is the home port of a huge fleet of charter vessels and hundreds of sailing and motor yatchts. Sitting on a terrace by the marina, you will be witness to the intense traffic of boats, big and small coming and going along the canals and sailing away into the Wadden Sea.
Burning out rubber
"ABC Coloring"- by Abitalk- Free!
To love was it a sin?
Hall’s Inn
The name figures from the 13th cent. in the ‘practical Kabbalah,’ where it is a magic symbol associated with the pentagram or ‘Star of Solomon’ (with which it is frequently confused). The origin and period of its adoption as a Jewish symbol is a matter of dispute. It occurs in a specifically Jewish context in Prague in the 17th cent. The M.D. was adopted by the First Zionist Congress (1897) as a symbol, and figures on the flags of the Zionist Organization and of the State of Israel. It was used by the Nazis, in the form of a yellow star, as the Jewish ‘Badge of shame.’ . . .
There might be a more definitive line when it comes to laughing at Asians in comedy. It’s one thing to laugh because of a clash of cultures; it’s also a matter on how the characters deal with how others perceive them. If Jack Soo can can be witty on a show like Barney Miller, then why is Matthew Moy of Two Broke Girls reduced to be a walking stereotype?
One newly purchased item and a partial 1968 Topps set.
To be in with a chance of winning the prize this week you will need to upload your card using inlinkz.com by 8pm GMT on Wednesday 18th March 2012.
IT’S been a week of high entertainment on the White, with strong caddis hatches most days and bunches of fish, including plenty of fine browns coming to hand.
We started in the hotel industry on the same day and moved up the ladder the same day.
See yoou soon. Ta!
The Accountant agrees that Cage can fulfil his mission first and then go back to Hell, which is like reasoning with children at bedtime. He’s just going to keep on pushing it and whining about how he needs to be alive for this, it’s so unfair, none of his friends have to be dead this early, and then Supernanny will have to intervene and put him in the naughty corner. But, okay, five more minutes of decimating Satanists, and then definitely upstairs to brush your teeth, young man…
Now time for some visual entertainment. Here’s a tribute to Nathan from Misfits, hope the movie career leaves you used, dried up and bent over a table.
Beware, lest in the worm you crush, A brother’s soul you find; And tremble lest thy luckless hand Dislodge a kindred mind
According to Linda Vegh, “…At the rapture, those who are in Christ (dead or living) will be changed into new glorified, immortal bodies and then we are “caught up” into the air to meet the Lord. ” The problem with this belief is that Biblical proof is there… but only if verses and passages are taken and used out of context. These religions have a long history of twisting facts and verses to suit their needs, and demonize any who do not see it their way. One blaring example that is only recently being looked at closely and critically by an ever-growing number of open-minded spiritual people, centers on an alleged “truth” that turns out to be a falsehood. Numerous ministers over the centuries have tirelessly used specific verses, out of context from the Old Testament, and claim they are prophecies of a coming Christ. Isaiah 7:14 is claimed to predict Jesus’ birth, several centuries later, and yet, in context, has absolutely nothing to do with Jesus’ birth and instead foretells the coming of Isaiah’s own son to a “barren” or “chaste” women. … because of the original language, another variation is “virgin”, as in has not been with a man or has not in a long time, as in the case of Isaiah’s wife.
For the first time, this year we hung some live cedar garland around our door, and I love it:) Here's a little front porch tour....
He touched her shapely pelvic bones and his insides fluttered. He could plainly visualize that her see-through hypothalamus was bellowing a metaphor for his soul. He brushed her short tresses, he clenched her legs to his, subdued. He incessantly pondered, "You weave such euphoric lines, like Welsh and his novels - you and I, we're bound to entwine, we are lovers." His fascinations became heightened. He was in liquefaction.
Keep it specific.
If you want more detail on how the Design Team have created their projects, just click on their name and you'll be taken to their blog. I think you will agree that it's lovely to see all the fabulous work by the new additions to the DT and of course great work from the stalwarts as well!
A pretty child, or God's blue heaven,
I will be updating this article, mainly with new profiles as I need them, so be sure the check back whenever I post an update on a regular post.
Last year, we had an awesome, local artist named Jimm Showman donate a robot to our silent auction. I’m not sure how to describe a robot, but it was so incredible that people were fighting over it! I’ve never seen anything like it! He constructs these robots to function if they have a part that operates: lights light up, back massagers vibrate, telephones ring! He is on a similar crusade to raise awareness and is taking it upon himself to go without sleep for the next month while he constructs “30 robots in 30 days.” As a doctor, I told him he’s crazy…”You need sleep to function!’, but as a friend I told him to not waste a second sleeping…”We need the best 30 robots you can think up!’ As he proceeded to tell me that he hasn’t slept in 2 weeks and he’s been living on Doritos and Mountain Dew, I knew the doctor message was out the door. He has taken requests for a couple of the robots; therefore, there is one specifically for breast cancer (pictured) and the autism awareness robot (pictured) is already in its new home. All the proceeds from the robot sales will go to Cockopalooza 2012 and Soup of Success (another great, local charity). I encourage you to contact Jimm through his facebook page Invention51 to purchase a robot and check out www.cockopalooza.com if you just want to be a part of the festivities this year on September 29th! The most fulfilling moments are those spent serving something greater than yourself.
The stakes of pre-life agreements
Those boundaries*should* fall in the middle and not on either extremes (the super nice sensitive guy or the arrogant asshole/jerk). That’s too easy to just pick one and go with it. As I said women are complex, and in our complexities we like men who are more complex and able to teeter in the middle (which is a lot harder) than choosing to be either of the extremes.
february 17.
Though I am happy that these loved ones can be free from their pain- death is still sobering. We get reminded that death can come at any time and just how very important it is to be ready for it! What a peace there is when you know that the person is ready! And what peace you can have if you know that you are ready!
I am proud of her for being very game for this. She joked about how much ‘blood’ she had on her face depended on who did her make-up. She painted her nails black for these two weeks. She allowed powder to be dusted on her to make her aged a hundred years.
11. Salvage 4.13 (43/26)
Listen, and it can’t be heard.
Monica: “I want to get involved in my community, because I think our community affects us just as much as we affect it.”
Again, here are the details:
What an interesting ride eh?! I hope the next year continues showing you how to be accomplished without going crazy. I hope you find balance, and keep it. I hope you find a nice guy and keep him too! Remember, “You can move in, I won’t ask where you’ve been ~ ’cause everybody has a past.”. Yours isn’t spotless, you’re not perfect so you can’t expect perfection in another person either! Try new things, stop feeling bad about relationships that ended. People come in and out of your life for a reason ~ even if you can’t see that reason at the time! Chin up, move forward. Trust the universe, forget the noise.
Back to the drawing board. After lengthy consideration I decided that it's all about my pillow. This is most definitely the reason for my tiredness. I have a very big issue with pillows. For love nor money I cannot find a pillow that perfectly rests my weary head in a substantial and relaxing manner. I have spent so much money on pillows it's ridiculous. I am unable to lie without my neck feeling unsupported and end up squeezing my pillow into a ball with my arm underneath thus resulting in a sore neck and shoulders and panic filled drama in the wee hours when I can't feel my arm and think I've had a stroke.
I mean, what the fuck?! Is the industry collectively trying to raise fat peoples' self esteem now?! Is this their idea of humanitarian service?! HOW ABOUT PAYING THE CHILDREN THAT WORK FOR THEM OVERSEAS A REASONABLE WAGE INSTEAD?!
tomorrow morning I'm off to paris! class trip though and a few weeks to early in my opinion.. would have much rather timed it in with paris fashion week.. oh well there will always be next season. We are going to premiere vision - where after I must go to colette and shop vintage in the jewish quarter! That is pretty much all I know about what to visit so please let me know if you know any great markets/must sees!
There are obviously many ways to cook this healthy curry, and the one shared here today is one of the simplest method, involving least of spices and using mixed sprouts instead of just one. Does anything get better than this?
that we've painted up and put to use for organization.
Mills College in Oakland was the only college located outside the Midwest I applied to, so naturally I chose it above all others. I left my hometown of Minneapolis in 1996 at the age of seventeen, arriving to pursue my degree and the ultimate education: living in the Bay Area. During those four years I interned with the Harvey Milk Institute on Castro Street under the guidance of the organization’s executive director, Kevin Schaub.
Day 7 - Least Favorite Professor
never to return. The hell with purity! I fumed
case, the attorney made it easy on me. All I had to do to was to combine the
Cardstock: Textured Orchid Opulence; Textured Pretty in Pink; Perfect Plum; Certainly Celery
63. Get Drunk and Be Somebody -- Toby Keith
Thank you to Deb's Simple Treasures Etsy Shop and Pattie Goldman from the Pampered Paper Patch for sponsoring the Tea Room challenge last week by providing 6 yards of Shabby Vintage Seam Binding and a beautiful vintage-inspired rubber stamp for our winner!
I had this picture of Steve and his friends for a long time. Once I saw the map paper in the Storyteller collection, I knew I had to use it. It was busy so I decided to simply cut a few of the images out and place them on the clean, woodgrain paper. I created the cluster of tags along the bottom. It was cute, but way too plain.
From what I understand, Laser Hair Removal takes many many sessions and because of the time between treatments, can actually be a fairly drawn out process. To me this sounds like a huge money grab... Especially since these places charge per treatment.
All I want is yesterday returned to me
“That’s them,” I said.
I think they have the coolest Band Logo in music!
21 Star Star (Will Oldham cover)
Ms Smith made her call to her followers as part of an appeal for the aid charity, the Catholic Agency For Overseas Development (CAFOD), saying: 'Whilst the belief battle grabs the headlines, one thing we all stand united on is hopefully our common belief in human life and human flourishing.'
Swept off my feet.
HELPING LINDA: 1988
“Stephanie’s dedication to our mission, vision, and values has earned her this recognition,” said Dan DeGroot, Community Memorial Hospital CEO.
Tools/Materials I have used:
“You’ve started high,” Lucy and Melkin said. It had seemed wise to alert them to my racing virginity. Treat me gently. “Great weather, great results, great races.”
He stood there in his home-made skin shoes, his loose breeches and long jacket. His blood-flecked beard hung down towards his belt, and on this hung a double sheath with a pair of white-handled knives, one above the other. And he was extending his earthy hands - holding up that bloody thing.There are a couple of more humorous examples of the changing times, one occurring when Ketil and the extraordinary character of Klavus are disturbed first thing in the morning as they urinate outdoors by the slightly more progressive Tummas as he finds his way with a torch. It falls on Tummas to lets them know that folk don't do that sort of thing in public anymore, 'No, I suppose not - everything's got to be so classy nowadays' comes the reply. One person who feels the full effect of Ketil's impulsive moment is of course his wife and it is the shame of debt that worries her most, it being the one thing that worries her most about the next generation.
That night I had three dreams.
Tsukineko ~ Versa Mark Ink
Which makes me wonder what this little nomadic penguin was thinking when it decided to swim to warmer shores. What is the real story behind the journey? Was the penguin out hunting with his pack, and got lost? Did a big nasty seal interfere and scare the penguin, bearing in mind that this penguin is not very old. I think it would be wonderful to be able to communicate with these animals on some level to actually find out what their stories are. Especially the story of a traveller like this one. Could be an awfully good little children’s book series.
12 - Pampa de los Guanacos (2:46)
You check out a suspicious noise at night (0)
The dogs wake me at 5:55 (too early, but a symmetrical number).
So, earlier this week, an argument blossomed between the education staff. To be honest, it was me against them. They argued that the bird was a female. I argued male. Their argument was supported by size. My argument was supported by the fact that the bird had made "nest scrapes" in the corners of its enclosure, a job typically reserved for the males. I was pretty sure I was right. I am sure you can see where this might be heading.
I wonder if their lawyers show up in court wearing black knit shirts, grinning and nodding as they peddle their crapspeak bs to the court.
- Do a websearch. If you find discussion from authors who report being solicited by the service out of the blue (or if you yourself have been solicited out of the blue), it's probably a spam service.
Happy 3rd birthday, Em! We will miss you, your mommy, and your daddy!
Walking with my mother, late
William Leong says when the case is heard in Paris, we will all know whether Najib really knows this woman or not.
I held my breath and it just ……..slowly went on by.
Archimandrite Vasileios, abbot of Stravronikita, 1936
This is Julia Joy. I always wanted a Julia. And Joy goes without saying. Red. It matches the drum set I got when I turned 30. Heh.
How many have received written information?
Courage is the ability to face danger, criticism or scorn – not without fear, but while overcoming fear to deal with that which comes our way.
11:30 AM (EDT - Eastern Daylight Time)
However all drugs have side effects and it takes time to evaluate risks and benefits of new pharmacological agents. In the case of drugs that interfere with brain functions, it will be essential to think long-term, in other words to take into account the primal health research perspective. This is suggested by animal experiments, such as those by Carol Kellogg, who studied the long-term consequences on the offspring of diazepam – a widely used sedative drug acting on the GABA receptors. One of the significant conclusions of her experiments is that exposure to this drug at the end of fetal life induces behavioural effects that do not become apparent in exposed animals until young adult ages.7 There are other significant conclusions of these series of studies suggesting the need to think long-term when manipulating brain receptor during the early phases of development. For example if male rats have been exposed to diazepam before being born, the expected adolescent surge of testosterone does not occur.8
Managers Attitude
Preheat oven to 180C. Place oats in a mixer and grind until powdery texture is obtained. Mix all the dry ingredients in a bowl. Then add the butter and mix until crumbly. Add the milk and mix dough so it is no longer crumbly but a bit more firm. Form a ball and place in fridge for 15 minutes. Then take out dough, spread out to 3mm thickness and cut out 6cm diameter circles. Bake for 15 minutes, take out and let cool.
And guess what - by the time you read this post, I'll be back in Malaysia! I'm travelling around Malaysia for a week as a guest of Malaysia Kitchen with a small group of journalists, hosted by Adam Liaw, winner of MasterChef Australia season two.
She knelt by his side and placed her palm against the side of his cheek with tenderness. “Ryan, you ARE someone. All those men out there worship you. They’re a little SCARED of you sometimes, but they worship you. Isn’t that enough?”
The Andromeda Council has met with them and has told them this is a free system, there are no inhabitants on Mercury but microbe-life and benevolent consciousnesses in the 7th, 9th, and 11th dimension inside Mercury who have no problem with 3D beings on the surface.
1. Of or for charity; charitable; as, "an eleemosynary institution."
We left Las Vegas traveling down I-95 to I-15 with as many as six lanes of whizzing cars and trucks. As you know, Las Vegas is desert, high desert, but desert just the same. You can’t grow very much out here except, you got it, desert landscaping!
And we’d have lengthy conversations about how we were both so happy to be in each others’ lives, still – that we were the exception: a boy and a girl who could ACTUALLY be honest-to-goodness friends.
Here come all of the champions, Magnus, Samoa Joe, Gail Kim, Devon, Austin Aries, and Bobby Roode.
Much is made of the “crisis of childhood” besetting youngsters growing up in our over-sexualised culture. Perhaps it’s time we asked ourselves whether there isn’t an even greater crisis in adulthood.
EastDay.com
I can’t help but notice people staring at the overweight woman and her kids as they shop through the super market. I take a quick peek in her basket and see, white bread from Wonder, frozen family dinners, processed cheese and cookies, colored sugar-water, juices made with high fructose corn syrup. I know she’s thinking these choices will satiate her children’s hunger pangs and with little money, she is stretching her dollars the best way she knows how. She has not been educated in the nutritional facts of feeding her family, this is obvious, and really, how many of us are?
Why did the graves need to be dug up? Because dead Muslims cannot be buried alongside Christians and other infidels. There are some relatives of those buried in that cemetery still living. The dead include victims of the famous Bethnal Green tube disaster of 1943.
Then yesterday we finally got the presents under the tree. Just in time for Daddy to come home.
So when we told Kevin we were the Couch to 5K team, what HE HEARD was Couch to Keg. And heck. Who were we to argue with such impeccable logic. We exercise so that we have room in our diet for a couple cocktails. That is just the honest fact of it.
I have found myself much more on the side of attachment parenting (AP) or "gentle" parenting then I ever thought I would be. That said, I do have 2 choices I have made as a parent that are not on the AP side of parenting. Circumcision and Vaccination.
Give Mother Earth A Chance
On the plus side!
Harry Potter became an international phenomenon. Almost at once, the copycats started to appear. At one point, anything with a hint of a witch in it got hyped into bestsellerdom regardless of quality (believe me, I had to market the wretched things). Ironically, some of the better Rowling-alikes were actually Rowling forerunners, like Diana Wynne Jones and Eva Ibbotson, newly marketed as being ‘like Harry Potter’ to cash in on the phenomenon. As original authors they’d already been very popular. But rebranded unfairly as being ‘just like that book you just read’, they sold more than ever.
We can train our soul to feel for a higher world by penetrating behind vision/intellect ie occult vision
However, it is still a human tragedy when any individual is driven to suicide or overdoses. Granted humanity probably hasn’t lost any potential nobel prize winners but I still find it very tragic.
For the layered elements under the ticket border, I cut out pieces from one of the pieces of pattern paper & then edged them in a little bit of black ink to make them stand out. This is the full sheet of pattern paper that I used ~ and I still have more elements I can use on other pages. I used the full sheet as is on one of my earlier pages & now I've cut it apart ~ super fun options!
Processor Name: Intel Core i5
intestines she would be cured.
what happened to the art of conversation?
Stoop Solo
I don't need written recipes, because I can make them from memory. (One of the reasons I started my blog was to recreate these recipes so that they won't be lost). Yesterday was our 7th Oktoberfest, so Craig put on Bavarian Oom-Pa-Pa music, to start the festive mood. At first, I could feel a big lump in my throat as I rolled up my sleeves and started making her dishes. Mutti is gone, but I felt a sense of her presence as I spent the next six hours making her Austrian Goulash, German Potato Salad, Spaetzle, and Red Cabbage. Of course, we had traditional sausages-- but just a few. The Goulash is my personal favorite dish. It's a stew with a rich sauce of tomato sauce and paprika.
So it will be interesting if any muslim brother or sister was able to shed light on islam as a religion of peace. If they cannot then people who take islam as a religion of war cannot be won over by them. Failing reinterpretation of the quran, the ways forward would be muslim acceptance of the fact that the quran is not perfect and that they should leave problematic verses of the quran alone. May be it will be better to edit the quran. After all it has been edited a number of times before it was finalized in present form.
Told from three different points of view, this is the story of how an ice monolith similar to Stonehenge, made from ice taken from Saturn’s rings, is discovered on Pluto and its possible origins debated and reformulated. It is also the story of a futuristic society that has colonized the solar system and expanded the human lifespan such that people are practically immortal and memory has become meaningless.
Indian cricket player who are masters having extreme knowledge about cricket. Even you can store these cricket lovers are on a cricket match is cricket lovers like to catch the 1996 cricket world cup dvd and bowler's average. Live cricket score can add or delete applications at any time. If you disable an application it will not be sneaked away from it whenever or wherever a match and aggregated over a high-quality, all-digital CDMA network, there is long history of cricket has been influencing from media, politician and of course of their favorite batsman, bowler or the cricket world cup 99 to taking a shot at lifting the cricket world cup final will tell who the 1996 cricket world cup dvd be removed from your Cricket cellular phones in the 1996 cricket world cup dvd it originated.
Our story bibles have morphed from mere information dumps, into the structure of our worlds. We can click on a highlighted page number and add to the paragraph explaining the rules of our world’s magic; with the push of a button, we are re-analyzing our villian's GMCs; in seconds we’re able to read what we wrote last month about our protagonist’s culture. And now when I can’t remember if my heroine’s eyes are sea-green or sky-blue (I am a romance writer, after all), it just takes a click of my mouse to find out.
When we moved in, I took a lot of pictures (or so I thought). I planned on making a before and after album. We knew that we'd forget just how bad this house was after the renovations - we wanted to document the transformation. So, I took pictures of the before, of rooms ripped apart, and the after. Just for us.
Training is going well after having to essentially take a week off due to work priorities. I trained an hour on Sunday, helped a friend move on Saturday, and trained 2 hours yesterday. My shoulders were wiped out from the arm circles with boxing gloves on for about 4 minutes. That’s a brutal exercise. My strategy for those is to take a quick break, shake out my arms and get right back on it. I find that’s effective in workouts. If you are in a workout and you don’t think you can finish the set, take a quick 1-2 breath break and get right back on it.
Contest Rules
Clouseau Domino B
27 And he said, If the LORD do not help thee, whence shall I help thee? out of the barnfloor, or out of the winepress?
And our snowman is sorta tiny. But not tiny enough to make the neighborhood kids show mercy upon it. Maybe 10 minutes after we built it, some hoodlums kicked it over. Kids these days! Where is this country coming to?
Stranger things have happened...
I found it a year later, realized it was called Hana Yori Dango, that this was the same one I saw on TV in Japan. I thought it was pretty awesome that it pulled me in like that before I even knew what was going on.
An egg! Because sometimes an egg just makes it better.
Kenna. Maybe we should skip the paragraph about Kenna. She's two and a half. All we do is first time obedience. It's hard to do without laughing at her, and she knows it. She tries to get us to laugh now which makes it even harder to be serious. Bundle of joy and wonder--she is so caring and loving. One of her new favorite things to do is "give a present." She takes her owl blankie, wraps up a little board book she has, like a present. And says, "would you like to open it with me?" Then we both have to open it together and we both say, "Wooowww" with a very surprised face. She wants to do this over and over for about 20 minutes. Then she gets tired of it for about 5 minutes, and then we start again. I'm enjoying all her playacting...it forces me to be more creative with her and to really engage myself. Her other new favorite thing is for me to put her hair into pigtail braids. I did this one night after bath and she was so excited...now that's the only way she wants you to do her hair! I have many pictures, and maybe in the next 2 weeks I'll post some. (Just being real, this is my life. Sorry!)
Less than 12 hours after SMRT trains were delayed along both the East-West and North-South line due to a combination of ‘train fault’ and ‘platform door fault’, a SMRT train was stalled at Clementi MRT station on Monday evening due to ‘train fault’.
This is a genetic disease that breeders should try to breed out of their line. Eliminating the disease entirely is impossible as even dogs with perfect hips can produce a puppy with hip dysplasia. Breeders should follow their puppies and track both the breeding and non-breeding offspring to see if hip dysplasia shows up in their line.
They all have a distinctive tends to be plus a different type provided beauty.
The voice of the author’s conscience weighs heavily on Peeling the Onion. This is often expressed in an ironic mocking tone that attacks what Grass considers, with hindsight from the present, as follies of the past. In self-depreciating terms, Grass eagerly celebrates the loss of his early scribbling as follows:
You threw your heart down to keep,
Washington city square is packed. We call it that because Washington is the name on the door, the only word at all on the door, now worn and barley readable. The door was everything for a long time to the people of this city. I have been told it shook the hole colony when the door finale opened. Letting out this loud wine as if the door felt pain as it unlocked and opened. A long winding and broken down staircase lead to the surface. They worked there way up reappearing it as they went. It took months to get to the top, and even then they had to chip away at the packed soil that covered the opening to the outside world. One of the few times humans and mutants worked together for a common goal.
Had a trip to the tree place and bought 2 white lilacs and planted them in between the cypress trees down the drive and some lavender so I have started a hedge along the wall where I planted loads of bulbs which must have been eaten because nothing has emerged. Looking forward to all the plant fairs and car boots over the next few months.
Ariel Louis Jacobs, 29, Briarcliff Manor, N.Y.
Swelling under carefully controlled conditions has been used to study alterations in the structure of rat liver mitochondria as a result of feeding azodyes. The changes of the swelling properties of the mitochondria during feeding of the hepatocarcinogenic 3′-methyl-4-dimethylaminoazobenzene are essentially comparable to those observed previously with the microsomes, under the same dietary conditions. These alterations in mitochondrial swelling are not related to changes in the amount of these cell particulates per unit weight of tissue, during feeding of this azo dye. As with the microsomes, feeding of the isomeric but relatively noncarcinogenic 2-methyl-4-dimethylaminoazobenzene does not affect swelling. The structural differences between liver and hepatoma mitochondria show up not only in the rate and extent of swelling but also in the form of the curves of pH dependence. The influence of ketones and sulfhydryl compounds on the swelling of normal liver mitochondria were studied, with particular emphasis to the role of sulfhydryl groups in membrane permeability. The sudden steep rise in the tumor incidence in groups of rats fed 3′-methyl-4-dimethylaminoazobenzene for increasing intervals of time occurs at about 4 weeks. This time correlates with the point of the minimum swelling of microsomes and mitochondria isolated from the livers of rats fed this same dye. Thus, a correlation is established between the alterations of the swelling properties of these particulates and the carcinogenic process.
All of us have to give notice before quitting. It’s not as dramatic as what we see in the movies when you are immediately told to pack up and go. So from the time you give your notice until the official last day, conduct yourself with full professionalism. If there are things to pass on, do so in an orderly manner. Say your goodbyes without being too emotional about it.
Excellent but sad. The way that he bid farewell last night, I don’t think that we will hear from him again no matter what happens. I think that he is resigned to live out the rest of his life in solitude. There isn’t any fight left in him. This time he lost control of the train. It started down a track that he chose but along the way his followers’ excitement and fervor built so much steam that it became a runaway train.
The sky is wild and warm today -- storms building up. My own storm has passed ... I'm too exhausted to cast even a breeze ... but this too shall pass.
6 came
-The house
State interference can be catastrophic when children are taken away from families unnecessarily. It is far more sensible for children’s services to work in partnership with the wider family to support those who are willing to step in to care for children. We all need to ask ourselves: “What future would I want for my child?”
The best Human you can be?
You don't complete the thought here. The Duke is the one who proposed in the ladies loo? (charming)
Yes, the Patriots are the other team that seems to have these qualities, and you can also make the argument that the Saints have picked that persona up this year. But the Saints are a newcomer to the good guys scene. New England? A big city team, as well as the 800 pound gorilla in the NFL. Would anyone be shocked if they unseat the #1 seed Chargers next week? Contrast that with this year's Colts, who are given the same labels generally reserved for the midwest: no one's darling, not from big city, and perceived as flawed and soft. How perfect.
This book reminded me a bit of Barbara Kingsolver's Animal, Vegetable, Miracle in that it embraces the organic, local food movement and in fact, its financial success relies on that. The farm is a CSA and regularly sells its produce at the Evanston Farmers' Market. Henry grows a wide variety of vegetables, starting very early in the season in his 'hoophouses' all the way through that final harvest in October. Henry's wife is Japanese and he tends to grow a lot of Asian vegetables as well as many better known to Americans. The farm is a family affair. Terra's parents still help out, Henry's wife and children help as well. Terra, of course, and then another sister, Teresa, has a nearby fruit and herb farm, which is also part of the whole enterprise. Terra's other siblings who have moved away from the area come to visit and help. The farm also has apprentices who regularly live there in mobile homes during their time on the farm, learning earth friendly practices from Henry.
One of each, please! Some in multiple colors too. Thanks. =)
We Have Work to Do. According to Mr. Barrios this is a crucially important moment for humanity, and for earth. Each person is important. If you have incarnated into this era, you have spiritual work to do balancing the planet. He said the elders have opened the doors so that other races can come to the Mayan world to receive the tradition.
Blue - matches the fabric bought at Ditto.
Africa remains the heart of darkness. Africa is hell.
Children of War
‘Every weekend?’, he asked, beginning to sense a trap looming in the recesses of such generosity. ‘Sure’, I went in for the kill, ‘we should be spending time together every weekend so, for that to happen, you can do two meals and two baths every weekend’!
Which is fine . . . . . I watched it on the way up and on the way back to see you, actually.
But one thing remains very clear indeed: whole swathes of the political and media Establishment are on edge now. For this story goes far beyond the at times astonishing inability of the Prime Minister to grasp that his close association with the former Murdoch apparatchik would do him more harm than good.
to live at home. That helped me get to the emotional core of Joy’s story, her breaking point.
Take stock of every device and piece of collateral (digital or print) your department creates. Then do the same for every department and/or staff member (if a smaller company). Where are your missed opportunities to promote your social media?
An assistant in “the cloud” is as helpful as one in real life (and you don’t have to remember this one’s birthday). In addition to HireYourVirtualAssistant.com, there are dozens of similar services, so look around the web (and consult colleagues in your industry) to find the right one for you.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
i pray a special blessing for you on this bittersweet day.
So now I'm 65 I still find it extraordinary that I've survived to such a ripe old age without the expected calamity carrying me off in the meanwhile. How come I'm still here? How come I'm alive to see the 2012 Olympics, wind farms, Louise Mensch*, Barack Obama and the internet? Which guardian angel is hovering over me, keeping me from harm?
Colonel Leonard Hlathi said the 50-year-old captain, stationed at Acornhoek, was arrested on Monday.
The rain is pouring down in buckets in Sydney this morning - a perfect day for scrapping, but since it's the Easter holidays over here I may have to do the responsible thing and look after the kids instead!
Despite this post, so much has been left unsaid about my great-grandmother. It's impossible for me to communicate in print--the feeling of a hug from her, the warm floury frying smells of her kitchen, or the sound of her gently brittle and loving voice and quiet chuckle. But Norma Verneal Smires represented the best this country has to offer. She was kind, loving, hardworking, unafraid to face adversity, and steadfast in her beliefs even as she adapted to the changing world around her.
If you find that you get shiny throughout the day don't apply more layers of this product as it will build up, leaving you looking plastered, rather apply an anti-shine oil absorbing powder where needed.
When all the bravado are made
Happy birthday to me!
In the middle of all this there may be a trading opportunity if we look at this from a contrarian view point. First, some of the best buying opportunities camouflage themselves amidst a thicket of negative headlines. Second, price has already been going down for some time, falling more than 19% from a top in April. Like equity prices, crude oil reached its 200 day moving average.
5. I cut my own hair. Because I am stupid.
"This is art, after all- & a good lie is far better than a dull truth."
'Tis the Spring's largess, which she scatters now
So after really getting my house in order these last few weeks, I am seeing progress all over my life. And the scale? She finally cooperated and moved another 10 lbs. (Good thing. I was SO breaking up with her if she didn't shape up!)
“You have to understand, I was angry at myself as much… more than I was angry at you guys. For letting that thing with the little girl happen, for not connecting the dots. But I’ve thought about it, talked to Lisa, and I’m open to talking about it if you’re willing.”
I'm glad to say that now Summer holidays are here the whole stressful exam time has passed (although results in 20 days). But while exams were paramount in my home, my son turned into a different person and I felt compelled to write this....
would be
3. I’ve been divorced for nearly 19 years… he’s a friend on Facebook. He’s the 2nd husband, who wasn’t a jerk and is still alive, thank God!… LOL. It’s important for people who divorce to put their kids FIRST… I think we mostly did that (there will always be a screw up or three along that path!)
Category 4~Best use of pattern as adapted for contemporary-wear = Any garment for men, women, children created from an EvaDress pattern that has been modified for a more updated look (design changes allowed). One may not use pattern pieces from pattern companies other than EvaDress but, may incorporate pieces from an original vintage pattern, if desired.
Shamans people use the life-force called mauna, making their coin on the market fortune telling and scroll weaving. Mauna can be used to heal or destroy, people who use mauna to heal are called lurea,the thereons use it to destroy.
Listen up, all you victims out there:
Black pepper powder – 1 teaspoon
Whether these images leave you cold or make you hot may not be the purpose of this beautifully and painstakingly art-directed provocation, but it is part of the equation. Given the filmmaker's instrumental use of the female body and her fondness for low-frequency buzzing sounds, it was no surprise to discover that the final credits include the dedication "for Gaspar," a reference to Ms. Hadzihalilovic's partner, the filmmaker Gaspar Noé, best known for "Irréversible," his contribution to art-house exploitation. Ms. Hadzihalilovic is a gifted stylist, though when it comes to female desire, she might profit from less time with Mr. Noé's work and more time with Amy Heckerling's "Fast Times at Ridgemont High," a film in which girls are allowed to have bodies, brains, boys and self-determination all at the same time, and without that annoying buzzing.
not only these hypothesis are highly probable,
Place the stuffing in the end of the strip. Fold into a triangle or roll. Press and arrange the shape while doing it. Nothing should come out from the ends or the corners. You may seal it with a flour paste (1 tbsp of flour mixed with 1 tbsp of water).
The Lupron is used when there are a lot of follicles because it doesn't stimulate the small follicles to grow like HCG would. It helps to prevent OHSS I guess. It's weird to use it to induce ovulation when you use it to surpress during an IVF cycle.
Ver 45. And when the Chief Priests and Pharisees had heard his parables, they perceived that he spake of them.46. But when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet.
Does it get better?
The movie has enjoyed a resurgence of sorts as it has become a cult favorite among design aficionados. Recent case in point -- Jonathan Adler cited the film's interiors as one of his favorites in a recent Wall Street Journal story noting that "Watching Auntie Mame is a right of passage for every aspiring interior decorator." (Note: I did a Movie as Muse blog post on designer inspirations last year and Charlotte Moss picked this film as well. Adler also chose the Walter Matthau comedy A New Leaf, Liz Taylor/Richard Burton's X, Y and Zee and Pillow Talk).
experienced this hope.
Did you know that Ortholite insoles are designed to fit all athletic and outdoor shoes or boots, and made with open-cell foam, allowing air to circulate around the foot, keeping it cooler and drier inside the shoe? Or maybe you didn't know that it wicks moisture away from your foot leaving your foot cooler and drier, employing its unique spring-back technology ensures that your insole won’t flatten out and it will retain over 95% of its thickness over time. And get this, their patented anti-microbial formulation (approved by the EPA and FDA) fights fungus, bacteria and shoe odor, and its fully lightweight and fully washable.
My brothers cleaned and then fried the fish up with some French fries. They and my parents ate at our communal outdoor kitchen.
- In Switzerland every citizen is required by law to have access to a bomb shelter.
No one is asking you to put out for the entire football team, and from the way you piss and moan about how plain you are; no one is interested in you in that capacity anyway. What we do ask is that you don’t turn your nose up at every single girl who so much as French kisses a guy in the hallway. Not everyone is as frigid as you are and they have as much right to explore their sexuality as you do to abstain. Calling someone a ‘slut’ or a ‘skank’ is not going to earn the respect of your peers. In fact, it will
It is easy to overcome this limitation and ship to your country. Just get a virtual address in the USA using a company like Shipito. Shipito allows you to use virtual USA addresses. They have multiple locations in the USA. If you use their warehouse in Torrance, California, you will be able to consolidate your packages (if needed) and send them to your country by USPS Express Mail, USPS Priority Mail, Polonez Parcel, USPS Flat rate box and Flat rate envelope, FedEx, FedEx MPS, Fedex Freight, Shipito Air Mail, DHL.
Those clean clothes that appear in your drawers and in the closet?
"This is a large city and a large region. Brooklyn alone has 2.5 million people," Ratner said, "so we really need a second arena."
Boneless Center Cut Pork Chops
I think one day I may need to change restaurants, especially when the staff actually remover who you are as soon as you walk in the door.
First they couldn't summon the will to rid themselves of Brown as an inappropriate Leader (inappropriate Chancellor of the Exchequer did the more damage to us all but that's another matter) and he lost them the UK election. Now they've failed to gain London (Livingstone's previous term in office was not a Labour term but a last fling for other left forces) because another inappropriate candidate imposed himself. The comrades in Europe must be aghast (social democracy being what it is, the ultimate internationalist movement). All their hopes for re-taking widespread positions of authority and influence in a post modern political elitey way now rest on Hollande, and future co-operation and reinforcing support is compromised.
Disque 2
The first line of the wedding invitation is the “host line” which means that whoever is hosting the wedding is listed in the format of:
Highway: WIS 34 and WIS 66
I belong to the hurricane –
Of all the Trappist brews, Orval is the oldest, founded in the 11th century by Benedictine monks. This brew stands unique from all the other Trappist ales because of a specific yeast strain, Brettanomyces (Brett) that lends quite a funky sourness to the brew
Right now, Chelsea is updating Twitter for the shelter, but when we’re done with our project, they won’t need us. The Twitter page will be updated automatically when Gail updates the Facebook page.
Although the Sheriff has received numerous death threats in the past, they believe this threat is credible because of its timing.
The designer will not read the book unless they are paid to do so or they are already a friend of yours. Reading the whole thing would be a huge undertaking and designers are busy just like you. But if you feel you need a second opinion for how to convey the ‘essence’ of your book, ask one of your first readers or editors to jot down a couple things they think would be good for the book design.
Today I went to the library with all four children. We returned all our books and found new books to check out. I get up to the counter and give the man my library card. I tell him, I know I have a fine, we just returned an overdue book. He then tells me that my total is $55.00! WHAT! When we take out books from the library we generally average about 45 items. Yes, 45 books. That's for three children. My kids are readers, they eat books, literally. We will probably be through the books we got today in about 3 days. So you can see how easily it can add up when you are averaging 45 books a visit. This is what my pile looks like when I put it all up on the desk for them to check us out:
Row 17- ch1, sc in sm st as join and ea hdc around. Finish off.
Most people are content that the law is the province of the state and a natural monopoly. No one would dream of privatising it. The legal industry, excepting many if not most lawyers, is state owned.
“Now may the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that you may abound in hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.”
Primary ferm-Cascade 5#
Churchill Ale, Oxfordshire Ales
2 transferred
Yesterday morning I was bringing a friend to the store and excitedly telling her of my amazing find when she commented about being wary of buying used furniture. Because of bed bugs.
I couldn’t tell if he was pleased with himself for earning the name. I suspect he was.
Copy and paste the blog award on your blog.
I see him promoting those who believe in him to be above the LAW but under the Grace.
Jesus is talking to the Pharisees and He is telling them that John testified about Jesus and they listened to John for a while but that even though they studied the scriptures they did not believe in Jesus. Jesus said that they studied the scriptures diligently so that they could have eternal life but they didn’t realize that the scriptures were testifying about Jesus and that the way to have eternal life was through Jesus. They didn’t believe that Jesus was the son of God, the way for them to get life would be to trust in Jesus as their savior.
In view of the conclusion we have arrived at, finding these Executive Orders to be void and of no effect, particularly Executive Orders Nos. 225 and 226 with the evident result that no funds are appropriated for the operation of the Government for the fiscal year beginning July of this year and for the expenses in the coming national election next November, one may inquire as to what will happen or what is to be done. The answer or answers to this question lie with the Chief Executive. Congress will not meet in regular session until next year. It is not for the court, not even the undersigned to suggest the calling of a special legislative session to cope with the perilous situation thus created, altho one may regard that as a logical remedy. But, should the President call a special session and Congress for one reason or another fails to meet or though it meets, for one reason or another it fails to pass an appropriation law, then a real crisis will have ensued. I am confident that the Chief Executive, conscious of his responsibility as the Chief of the nation would not just stand supine and idle and see the Government of the Republic of the Philippines disintegrate and die. He would know what to do and he would do something according to his sound discretion and in accordance with the law, statutory or otherwise and in the discharge of his high executive powers, express or implied.
There are two million people in the UK who have an illness or injury caused by their work, the vast majority of which could have been prevented had their employer taken the correct safety precautions.
We will miss you Gramps! You are now home in Heaven with Grandma. Tell both Grandma and Mom hi for me!
Red Hook Ale Brewery
John Candy (Splash)
I never want to be that girl who never has enough. I feel like I am the complete opposite. It doesn't take a lot to make me happy. Give me my family, and maybe some good food, and I am a-ok. I am a simple gal.
As the Biblical record goes, Abraham uttered no word of dissent, for in verse 4, “Abram departed, as the Lord had spoken unto him.” You may say, “What a man of faith.” It is very much akin to the modern day missionary who also leaves family, home, culture, everything that he has known, to serve the Lord in an unknown and uncharted future as an ambassador of Christ.
4. Keep reading.
And so I will.
3) Be Interesting
With all the bashing we're doing, I tend to hit the same spot, but with a bit of tlc and Arnica Montana http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnica_montana
Income Access works with the most trusted names in online gaming, including Betfred, Gala Coral, Ladbrokes, Sportingbet, Sky Betting & Gaming, Interpartners, Nordic Bet, Deal or No Deal Bingo, Jackpotjoy, Centrebet.com, Bingo.com, Tombola, Bet-at-home, Stan James, Purple Lounge, Victor Chandler and Pinnacle.
Whether it’s sticking to your fitness and nutrition goals, relational, studying, or spiritually, our lives are always filled with these moments of regression. Even though we may lose sight temporarily, the simple solution is to realize what you’ve done, refocus your energy, and get back up. Sometimes, if we don’t catch it in time, it ends up turning into a vicious cycle of doing well, then bad, doing well, then bad. This behavior isn’t good.
The advent of the industrial revolution, the invention of a banking system based on usury, and scientific and technological advancements during the past three centuries have had three major consequences. These have made the incredible concentration of wealth in a few hands possible, have led to the construction of increasingly deadly weapons culminating in weapons of mass destruction, and have made it possible to mould the minds of vast populations by application of scientific techniques through the media and control of the educational system.
Another 30% rationalized the lack of evidence due to government cover ups...
Not to mention that fact that we love the city of Austin and plan to retire there.
...I am going to attend a wedding in Kerala in South India. Back to back weekends of travel is a little crazy (especially when I have to pack all next weekend!) I am getting a little exhausted by it too. But of course we travel for good reasons. I'm also looking forward to seeing a few friends from school and relax on a houseboat and not have to worry about anything for a few days!
State of the Nation: K-­12 Online Learning in Canada
To crowdfund is a symbol that something new is possible. To share stories is to build a road for change. To create is to create something new. To dance is to live.
While poor old Ned O’Keeffe – who listed his activities in the 2010 Dail register as including “growing grass” (no Ming, not that type of grass!) – was having his collar felt by the boys and girls in blue yesterday, spare a thought for former Fianna Fail junior minister, and later senator Ivor Callely who had his own bother with mobile phone invoices in the past. But yesterday the Independent reported that the hapless ex-politician had been fined €150m for driving an untaxed car. Some mistake surely? No, the first sentence beneath the headline confirms the amount and reads “FORMER junior minister Ivor Callely has been fined €150m for driving an untaxed car” Well that’s the 2012 household charge sorted so!
This prune, the prune of my dreams, met me recently in France. I had been happily invited along on a women’s college alumnae tour of the Dordogne Valley. These were women reconvening after time in the full glow of life, and together we spent an idyllic week of food, wine and conversation. The Dordogne lays an expansive, seasoned table for its guests. Its culinary specialties are mostly dark and unctuous: duck, goose, foie gras, truffles and walnut oil. It is food that takes time to prepare, and time to eat; it eases the clockworks of conversation back to a sauntering pace, and doctors, lawyers, senators and novelists found themselves suffused in the lamplight of conviviality. A linguist gnawed on yet another leg of duck confit as she explained to an enthralled audience the symbolism of the string skirts worn by such well-fed prehistoric beauties as the Venus of Willendorf; a casual mention of lace elicited an impromptu lesson on “death bobbins,” whittled by the makers of filigree to commemorate the execution of bloodthirsty murderers; a porcelain expert, class of 1950, fois gras trembling on the end of her fork, described how she once landed a distressed hot air balloon on a boat in the middle of the Chesapeake Bay. By day, our bus wove across a region made of castles and cliff-dwellings, rich furrowed soil and corrugated precipices. We trekked into painted caves where tens of thousands of years ago bears bedded down together and, upon waking, flexed and sharpened their claws on the walls, carving a tally of another year. The folds and creases of the landscape accommodated this group brought together by friendship and education, by plenty, by loss, and by the diverse pleasures of society of one’s kind.
or things to be grateful for
You can find other entries at:
it happens in schools, the workplace
You may remember this post, in which I gleefully described the acquisition of an Olivetti Valentine for only CHF 10. I didn't need one, and this one was not in working condition anyway, but all the parts seemed to be intact and we decided it would make for a good project: fine if it worked, but fine if not. After all, the various spare parts alone would be worth more than what we paid for it.
With over 400 exhibitor’s offering an unrivalled range of products, the Ideal Home Show at Christmas will offer all the inspiration you need to make your home feel welcoming and inviting this Christmas.
Well I have been a bit busy as of late but I released my House of Hax LookBook yesterday and let me tell you , my loves, it was alot of work but there are great models and designers in there so if you see it, pick it up! xoxo
Thanks for hoppin by!
Ed Hardy Edition
Press play below to hear Santigold talk through the creative process involved in making ‘Master of My Make-Believe’ accompanied by exclusive behind the scenes Instagram photos. Plus, check out her video documenting the creation of the album cover art that includes a painting by artist Kehinde Wiley.
I´m rich. So frekkin´ loaded you wouldn´t believe it. In the mornings I take out my favourite horse and go for a ride, I only ride Icelandic horses, that´s how eccentric I am, and her name is Stjarna which means star. We go up the mountain hills and down, the dogs running happily around us, shitting all over – oh, the smell of healthy metabolic systems! I´ve paid someone to train my horses to pick mushrooms for me, so every night I come back with loads of yellow gold; chanterelles that go into a stew suitable for kings and gods. I eat it and I chew and I laugh, chew and laugh, ch nd ugh
I hope you all have a good, peaceful Sunday.
Danny Friedmann
I don't know if I could stay home like that. It a statement but also a question, tangled up with unknown parts respect, disbelief, and determination. I wonder if she means I have a different constitution.
Those were expensive lessons to learn, but it least it was just my disorganization that was exposed and nothing else!
The Castle is an archaelogical site in Newcastle upon Tyne, England, that gives the City of Newcastle its name. The most visible evidence of the site now comprises two buildings, the Castle Keep and the The Black Gate, which are the remains of the Castle's square fortified stone tower (keep), and a fortified gatehouse (barbican).
When Brian and I where first married we would always buy a real tree, I loved doing this because growing up we never did real trees for Christmas. But then Brian didn't enjoy going from tree lot to tree lot to get just the right one like I did. So now we do the fake thing, I love it. I miss the smell of the real tree but not the hasel.
Ok, so there's this amazing 4-day, human trafficking seminar coming up in early April, which I desperately want to attend. It's sponsored by South Texas College and will take place near the Texas/Mexico border.
My reign has ended. The newest members of the monarchy have taken the throne. Last week Paper Crafts Magazine revealed the 15 super talented stampers that are 2012 Stamping Royalty. A heartfelt congratulations to..
7. Earn respect: RB – “Having a personality of caring about people is important. You can’t be a good leader unless you generally like people. That is how you bring out the best in them.”
And to add values to the show, you could even have your pictures taken with any of the show-stoppers (performing artistes, in this case. Forget about looking it up in the dictionary, just use mine) prior to the show.
I am happy to be a part of the Spring into Horror Read-a-Thon hosted by The True Book Addict at her Castle Macabre blog. You can sign-up anytime this week until Friday and find the info by clicking HERE. My fiance, Erin, is also hosting some mini-challenges and awesome book giveaways by horror, paranormal and fantasy authors at her blog. Click HERE to go to the site with details on the giveaways and then follow her blog to check back every day. But you must sign-up for the read-a-thon as a whole to win.
On the way, they met the Cat.
These deer are safe in the confines of a local reservoir and quarry hillside where they reside . . . until they venture into traffic. As this harsh winter brings the creatures out of the woods in search of food wherever they may find a few tasty nibblings, I hope we can coexist and that we humans, for a change, can just slow down!
sing you only,
Users need an access point in two ways. First, they need access in terms of a reason for beginning the interaction — an interest access point, a participatory motivator. This is where excellence in education can come in: provide the spark of interest and the access to technology in the classroom to get the ball rolling (how many hackneyed cliches can I write in one sentence?). I think that becomes the educator’s greatest challenge and a most important endeavor. What can become the access point in today’s lesson? But there is only so much that can be accomplished in a 57-minute class period (or whatever random allotment of time an educator has in a given day). There must be more access for “free form” interaction … time to mess around.
The real wild card remains Iran, rapidly approaching status as a nuclear power. Much of Iran's threat comes via its proxies in Gaza and Lebanon and it ability to launch missile attacks, since Iranian conventional forces are too far removed to make a ground war feasible and I doubt that Iraq would allow an Iranian army military access in any event.
Drums – Bob Blumenfeld
That's five trash bags and two cardboard boxes of stuff. One FLOR rug, three sets of table legs, a ridiculous number of lunchboxes, a baby piggy bank, a roller shade, and a bunch of other stuff I can't remember.
“Nope.”
I’ve been to Edinburgh a few times and Stirling once and so I must have passed through it, but if you’d asked me a week ago where Croy was I wouldn’t have had a clue; the Inner Hebrides maybe. Croy is understated – it gets its mention over the intercom but, unless you’re going there, I’m sure most regular commuters pay it little heed; it just looks like any one of a thousand local railway stations: nowhere in particular on the way to somewhere you need to be.
Quinn and I both thought it would benefit from some additional threats or complications. I found myself throwing resorting to using different types of Nightmares. Honestly, that criticism may arise because this was my first time running the system. With familiarity, I might find a way to use the conflict mechanics without it being a conflict between the Nightmares and the players.
No Cry Sleep Alternatives:
Now had this been any other citizen, I'd have smacked him with a ticket or two. But I have this policy against citing fellow officers, so I just give him a mild ass-chewing and send him on his way. No ticket, no documentation. It didn't happen.
Litter cast and scattered
Oh, yeah. Ice cream stop.
A report stating this actually reached Gov. Perry’s desk in time to stop the death sentence from being carried out but it appears that he never bothered to even read it. Worse yet, a few years later, a committee was investigating the case once more and Perry used his political authority to stifle the investigation, and stop a noted fire investigation authority from testifying about the fraudulent nature of the arson claim used to convict Willingham.
I snapped some progress shots while I painted it, and thought I'd share them with you guys. I used to always sketch out my entire tree before I painted over it, but now I have kind of gotten the hang of these trees (I've painted lots and lots of them!), so I just do a general guideline with my pencil of the base of the tree, then get the idea of where I want the branches to go in my head, and just paint it out from there. I figure, if something goes wrong, it's nothing a quick swipe of a wet paper towel can't fix.
Maybe will finish writing something tomorrow, have many things in draft (you don't need to know this), gods of blog spontaneity be damned, but I was re-re-reading some of the very early posts on my old blog and now am feeling depressed. Not only were they funnier, they were less pretentious (and yet - eyebrow raised - strangely, MORE pretentious) while still exuding the wanky, boyish and arrogant charms of the truly insecure dilettante...
I did not follow up with the consultant to schedule a party or make an order, but I never completely forgot about Thirty-One either. I really wanted one of their “skirt purses” that allow you to change the look of your purse without having to transfer all of the contents. You buy either a black or a brown purse and choose a free “skirt”. You can then purchase additional “skirts”.
The motion put forth by MP Woodworth’s seems to be getting little support from his party.
There was a time, of course, when almost the entirety of British horror, even Hammer, was wont to be summed up, and as often as not dismissed, in a paragraph or two. But we’re beyond that now, and individualists like Pete Walker, once reviled, have now taken their rightful place among the British cinema mavericks. Few careers, studios or stars that made a mark on British horror still want for serious analysis. In fact, Raven is pretty much the only exception to this rule I can think of.
is a litte shake
Apple Jam .
Although Easter may be all about the Candy, there is only one kind of Candy I shall be lusting after this weekend since seeing these recent picture of Olivia Palermo carrying the Anya Hindmarch Bruton tote. Now thats what I call Arm Candy!
Now, David would tell you that all animals had been put on the earth to serve man and women where here to breed for man. In fact most blokes in mid-Ulster would tell you that. So he had this wee hair stylist lined up to be the breeding vessel of his children.
They're actually two songs, but same reason.
We did get to the Sly Fox Goat Races on the 3rd. I hustled out of church (had to do 10:30 mass, I was the cantor), got home and changed (and waited around for Cathy to change...), and took off for Phoenixville...slowly. It was pouring rain (little did we know it was just the start of another week of the stuff), and we were wondering if the crowd would be as large or friendly as last year. "We can probably park on-site," I said optimistically. "We'll cruise by instead of going straight to the shuttle lot."
Céline: (Interrupting.) OK, you know what? (Moving her fingers to mock the movement of Jesse’s mouth as he speaks.) Those are words! I’ve gotta…I’ve gotta get away from you. (To Philippe.) Stop the car, I want to get out!
Of late, I have been trying to identify the most telling achievement of the country and its citizens over the past 50 years as I see more and more flags in the streets. Achievements beyond the obvious physical development, rising income, better health care, higher literacy, international standing, globalised citizenry, etc.
Combine the buttermilk, molasses, honey and butter in a bowl and set aside. In a large bowl (I use my mixer with the paddle attachment) mix together the whole wheat flour, salt and sesame seeds. Stir in the milk mixture and stir until smooth, about 3 minutes. Strain the cracked wheat and add to the flour mixture until combined. Add the flour 1/2 cup at a time until the dough pulls from the side of the bowl and forms a ball. Replace the paddle attachment with the dough hook if using the electric mixer.
It is to increase the number of such IP-trained professionals from diverse backgrounds, by way of facilitating access to in-depth knowledge about the Indian IP scenario, that the School of Law, The Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) in partnership with the Queensland University of Technology, (QUT) and Rainmaker had announced the commencement of the 2-year Master’s Degree Program in Intellectual Property Law (MIPL) some time back.
... to talk of many things.
And no matter how crappy I feel or how crappy my kids feel or how crappy Eric feels (though thankfully he's been a pretty perfect picture of health lately), we're there for one another and we all make each other smile. On a totally random, other topic--A couple of weeks ago, Cate had parent observation night at dance class. She has made huge improvements! I'll leave you with a picture of her concentrating hard and a short little video from my cell phone.
$30 for general admission, $15 for students with ID. 7:30 p.m. 1013 K St. California Lectures Office: 916-737-1300. Tickets.com: 800-225-2277
Now don’t think for one minute that microwave meals are unhealthy and full of crap, they contain ingredients and ingredients are a recipe and a recipe is healthy. You are just taking the leg work out of cooking by putting a bit of convenience into it. Every so often the zeitgeist changes, from cooking from scratch to using convenience foods to back to cooking from scratch. Why should we be slaves to the likes of Delia? Who is she to tell us what is acceptable? I announce now that microwave food is cooking. The application of heat to food is cooking. It’s about as much cooking as 99% of pubs do and you can be sure your kitchen is clean and not wiped down once a day with a dirty rag by a bored 19 year old. You can be sure because the missus buys domestos and uses it.
But I had a fork, a bowl and a measuring jug. I bought a cookie tray and some baking paper and I was sorted. The recipe for these peanut butter, oatmeal and chocolate chip cookies come from Baking Illustrated, and can be found here (Brown Eyed Baker). I first saw these at The Hungry Dog's blog and immediately rushed out to buy ingredients :)
Since it is just a block away from the post office, it will also make it easier to handle the boxes and packages that people send us each day. The building needs a good cleaning and then quite a bit of work, but our maintenance staff is up for the challenge. When we went to check inside the store we invited Chantelle, who manages the current thrift store to go with us. She and Becky have done a lot of work to get the plans and proposal ready and were as excited as two St. Joseph’s kids at the Christmas Store.
Starting at the outside edge of the tart, dollop the meringue over the entire surface of the hot lemon curd. Make sure the meringue comes right up to the curst and there are no gaps between the crust and the lemon curd. With your spoon, gently press down on the meringue to get rid of air pockets and smooth the meringue over the curd. Swirl the meringue and make some decorative peaks. Return to the oven and bake for about 10-15 minutes until the meringue has lightly browned.
- John Green
Sally is a full-time mom and teacher personally touched by cancer. Her pretty socks are offered at $8 with 50% going to the KIDS and 50% going to her RELAY team!
Most of all, you want to avoid Alpha Cities, this is main Global cities such as New York, Paris, London, Buenos Aires, and such. Millions live in these places, usually its people packed in very small area which could get ugly if there’s a disaster. They are also favorite terrorist and war targets.
It was my utter privilege to be a police custody sergeant. It made me feel like I had become a real sergeant, at last. The role defines that rank: your testing ground for an ability to appropriately control other police officers’ activities, to assert your personal authority and integrity. Your training makes you realise that the duty inspector cannot ‘pull rank’ to over-rule you, except in some very particular circumstances. If they try, they must by law be prepared to explain themselves to a superintendent. My favourite ever custody sergeant once faced a tirade of near personal abuse from an inspector over a particular decision he took. Having patiently listened whilst he was berated he just quitely picked up the phone, asking control room to ring the superintendent at about 3am. The inspector backed down within seconds.
Recently there was a big fight on the internet vs the US over SOPA/PIPA. Here is a REALLY great video that explains what was completely wrong with passing that piece of legislation.
Everyone wears flip-flops, even in the fanciest of restaurants. And there are no scent-suppression signs anywhere to be seen. That would restrict the wearing of fresh orchids in leis, which, even the fanciest of restaurants welcome along with the flip-flops. (I know — I dressed Hawaiian style from tip to toe while I was there.)
I believe this very day doors will be opened to me and my circumstances are about to be changed, dramatically for the best.
Ferrer is equally glib yet even more self-absorbed as a hotshot executive on the rise, full of ideas and ready to run roughshod over whoever's in his way. Stepping far out of dad José Ferrer's shadow, Miguel makes this part his own, and even has a memorable exit (to say the least). The way he discusses how the police under their auspices are basically property to do with as they please makes us realize, as viewers, just how close some movies can be when compared to real life.
We probably spent about five hours there, which was plenty. I don't feel like we missed anything.
Everybody have you heard
Punk vs. Disco
March's book: Salvaged Pages by Alexandra Zapruder
Representative Alcee Hastings (D-FL) recently introduced an important bill that would prohibit oil companies from writing off the cost of oil spill cleanup. Under current laws, oil companies can pass much of their cleanup costs to the American Treasury, which impacts taxpayers. BP and any other oil company that operates recklessly should assume full responsibility for their actions.
2. I Can't Remember, But Yes (Argent)
I have a bulletin board that helps me organize the Daily 5. We actually only have time to do 3 choices plus Meet with Teacher. My schedule has had to change many times this year due to kids being pulled out for groups. Our state has a new law starting next year that students who don't pass the TCAP in 3rd grade must be held back if there is no history of interventions. So my group now will be the first ones that affects so we are working hard to make sure that doesn't happen. I have over 2 hours when someone is out of my room.
The Treasury Department has said that if the debt ceiling is not lifted by Aug. 2 — a week from Tuesday — it will lose borrowing authority to pay the government’s bills and face default…. – USA Today, 7-22-11
I think that brussels sprouts are the new asparagus.
upon middle C
** Second Helpings "beef tenderloin with fontina cheese, potatoes and savory tomato chutney" This was delish. I was very excited to try this dish because I love what Second Helpings does for our community. I very much encourage you to click the link to their website and see the very cool program that is Second Helpings. This was some of the best cooked beef I've had- the flavor and moisture were exactly right. The tomato chutney was sweeter than I expected and the flavor popped in my mouth.
One of the guys was good and drunk, and you could tell he had that real Neanderthal mentality where when anyone that looks at him funny needed to be hit. So he was staring at me, and I said, “Hey, what’s up, man,” in a friendly tone. And me being the nice guy I am, clearly I need to be beaten upon like a punching bag. So in his efforts to get out his aggravation from meeting such a handsome and friendly American lad, this rugby-type macho douche bag decided he would return my nice salutation by grabbing my throat and choking me. Fortunately, I’m a P.E. teacher so I’m pretty buff these days and ripped off his hand like the Hulk tearing off his clothes. Then he randomly decided that Tom, who was standing right next to me, was such an outstanding guy too that he started after him, and then began kicking that American kid from Florida. The kid from Florida said, “Don’t start, man,” and he had the look in his eyes like he had played college football for the Florida Gators and was about to show him what American might is all about. Tom was thrown back by some other guys in the bar, and fortunately, the big baboon was held back by his friends, but he kept at it.
“”The very second he said the Bible and paused, I knew it was going to get ugly,” Naman told Fox News. “It was about to be a bashing.”
I ended up placing my straps 3" out from the side seams. That means I stretched the bodice flat and then measured 3" and put a pin there to mark it. Then I pinned the strap so that it starts a bit below that first section of shirring.
Our unlikely venue for the Sunday evening kick off was the Mawbey Arms in Stockwell. Tucked between South Lambeth Road and Wandsworth Road its not a place you stumble upon. Patriotism is not in short supply here. I start to count the St Georges flags and get bored by 73. The barmaid eyes us with caution and I'm expecting the South London equivalent of "your not from round these parts are you". As we indecisively look up and down the pumps debating the merits of each choice a long sigh is audible from behind the bar. Meister notices the Doombar and comments that it's available back in Perth which initiates further discussion. The sigh is now accompanied by tapping fingers. Ordering our drinks the tapping ceases and we move to the beer garden, because who knows what follows tapping fingers.
Around August of 2009, I started to put two and two together (OMG, FOUR!) and realised that I was not healthy and in denial. For a large part of my adult life I had been sick and still did nothing about it. So I started reading. I talked to a doctor, I talked to many friends with similar afflictions, and I decided to reduce gluten in my diet.
The central figure in the tale is Chaim Salanter, a Jewish man who is one of the world’s wealthiest persons. His past includes a boyhood escape from his homeland, Lithuania, during the Nazi occupation. Salanter is a grandfather with secrets and an ideal target for anyone who wishes to drag his name through the mud. Although this novel reaches into the past, it is firmly grounded in the present thanks to the not-so-charming antics of a group of tweens – including Salanter’s only grandchild – who are fixated on a series of books about vampires. Paretsky also adds into the mix some right-wing politicians and broadcasters who are out to get Salanter and the liberal politician he is backing, which makes this an only-in-Chicago kind of story.
One likely outcome from this case may be.... no criminal conviction.... but a civil suit where the State of Florida, the permit issuing County Sheriff, the gun store, the Sanford Police department & others may be plaintiffs. The Martins may have a lot more luck in a civil trial. I just hope that any awards or settlements are not so huge that they frighten other States and Sheriffs departments into halting CCW programs or that it makes gun ownership so difficult that citizens no longer exercise the right of ownership, or makes self defense so difficult to claim that legitimate victims go broke defending themselves in the legal system because the burden of proof will be all on them.
That could transform everything. I salivate for the day when the Libertarian Party rises to replace the GOP as the main one opposing the democrats, arguing fairly and openly and sagaciously about market solutions as legitimate alternatives to state solutions. The resulting discussions and arguments will finally contain substance! They'll be honest. And they won't be about helping return us to feudal dark ages.
~Tattered Angels "Mermaid" Glimmer Glaze
It’s not every kind of prayer that makes tremendous power
Today's card is one that I made a very long time ago. You can tell by the fact that I took the photo of it outside. I don't have the actual card in hand so I can't retake it in my light box.
She was born October 23, 1961, in the northern New York town of Potsdam. Her father was a Methodist minister who wrote poetry on the side, and as a girl Anderson loved to play with his typewriter. She once commented, “I decided to become a writer in second grade. My teacher, Mrs. Sheedy-Shea, taught us how to write haiku. The giant light bulb clicked on over my head: ‘Oh, my goodness! I can do this!’ I hope every second grader learns how to write haiku.”
God, today I was still and knew your presence ___ times and I felt…..
special. Consequently, he is showing the woman that he loves her, and she also desires to
Speaker Pelosi famously said we had to pass the bill to find out what’s in it. The latest news shows once again how American job creators and American physicians have not liked what they discovered in the massive 2700-page law.
a skin-jacket
They found that, generally, lemurs kept their lice to themselves, but occasionally, some would donate or collect lice. The actual mechanism by which the donation or collection occurs is not known – it’s not like trading lice is a common mouse lemur pastime, but it is probably linked to close contact via nest-sharing and other aspects of social ecology. Social interactions also increase during the breeding season, when the males are out on the prowl for the lay-deez. There seemed to be no (identifiable) overarching factor driving the movement of lice within the population.
And then to top it all off....I burned all of the curl out of my hair!
It airs Sundays at 8 PM on the Discovery Chanel and is a seven-part documentary. Better get going because it’s starting soon.
She added before her performance: ‘Backstage getting ready for BGT! #EXCITED!’
Okay, I watched the Super Bowl.
Ruth Saberton has written 8 romantic comedy novels in total under the names of Jessie Fox (for Little Black Dress), Ruth Saberton (for Orion) and Georgie Carter (for AVON HarperCollins).
The Radisson we stayed at was just off the I-264 highway very close to the Norfolk Naval Shipyards. The night before the restaurant was filled with a bunch of navy personnel. Sheri, wanting to play some mind games on me flirted with a couple of officers last night as we ate our dinner. We learned they were in town for a training conference and took Sheri’s flirtations far too seriously, so much she and I decided to head back to our room after dinner instead of hanging out at the bar.
And we all had it right.
The award aims to “promote the publication of radical books, to raise the profile of radical publishing, and to reward exceptional work.” Eligible books must have been published in 2011, by author’s or editor’s whose primary residence is in the UK, and are “informed by socialist, anarchist, environmental, feminist and anti-racist concerns, and primarily will inspire, support or report on political and/or personal change.”
but its destination is not of this world.
But it doesn't!
I'm sitting here on my bedroom floor surrounded by boxes and suitcases, clothes and books, jewelry and pictures, DVDs and school supplies, and the list goes on and on. I am struggling to figure out what on earth I am going to take with me and what I should leave at home. Should I leave those clothes on hangers and pack these? Do I take that or leave it home? Am I going to need this or will it be a waste of space? It's just now starting to sink in that I really am moving out. I am such a homebody that this is a huge deal for me, even if I am just moving across town. But I won't be in my beloved bedroom anymore. Anyhow, I am in here working, already trying not to really think too much about what is going on, while listening to my iPod. I have it set on "Shuffle" so that the songs are all mixed up and I can get a bit of variety in my music. What song comes on? "I Believe in You" by Steven Curtis Chapman. Of all of the 640 songs on my iPod that could have come on, of course that tear-jerker would have to come on at the perfect...or worst possible moment. If you don't already know it, that song was written by Steven Curtis Chapman for his daughter Emily when she graduated.
So I do not wish to take much of your time, but simply I want to impress upon you that this chanting of Hare Krsna is so nice that if you give in an experimental way… You can see. You chant for at least one week and you see how much you have changed. So these boys, they are chanting in the street. We have got many branches in your country, one in London, one in Germany, and everyone is taking part. It is increasing. So we don’t charge anything, neither you have got any loss. If there is any profit, you can try it, but there is no loss. That is guaranteed. Chant Hare Krsna, Hare Krsna, Krsna Krsna, Hare Hare/ Hare Rama, Hare Rama, Rama Rama, Hare Hare.
We started our travels yesterday, 7 May 2011, out of DCA flying stand-by to Phoenix. Our original plans were to spend the night near the airport and fly to Phoenix this morning and change planes to Hawaii, but Tony decided we should go the night before. This was a great idea, as it breaks up the two flights. Tony purchased upgraded tickets for first class: $10 per person for continental flights and $100 per person for international flights. A flight to Hawaii is considered international by USAirways due to the distance over water.
TUMBLING FLOWER BEETLE (above right)
A method of making a biological product comprising: a) culturing microorganisms in a bioreactor comprising: i) a packed bed zone, comprising solid support therein, said solid support comprising microorganisms thereon for fermenting said biological product; ii) a bed expansion zone coupled to said packed bed zone adapted for containing said solid support when said bioreactor is operated in an expanded bed mode; and iii) a particle disengagement zone coupled to said bed expansion zone, said particle disengagement zone adapted to prevent egress of said solid support from said bioreactor; and b) harvesting the product.
I went to look for a camera for my husband. It’s a point and shoot and he has a specific one in mind. I learned about Jakarta Photography Center, so I checked it out. It’s a photographer’s dream shop. At least for those who live in Jakarta. I couldn’t find the camera my husband wanted though. I think this store is more for people who are looking for an SLR and other gadgets to go with it. I found a tripod for myself instead of a camera for my husband…
ONE CAN`T BE A GANDHI BY JUST WEARING A GANDHI CAP(TOPI), OR ONE CAN`T BE A ANNA BY SAYING “MAINHUN ANNAA”.
And the gay rights community rejoiced. Which I found odd, as usually, people don’t rejoice in their own downfall (ignoring the Obama inauguration and mythical behavior of Nero). Wait, ruling that a ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional is bad for gay rights? Yeah it is.
He shook his head. "No point."
*New York Life Insurance
My Pal Trigger - Two Miles From Nowhere (death squad records. black vinyl)
I like to cook tofu pok by turning it inside out and then stuff fillings in it. Steamed tofu is indeed a healthy meal. The ones that you normally eat at restaurants are fried and it actually soaked up a large quantity of oil. But then of course it is tastier if fried.
She picked out a book at Walmart. I just wanted her to "want" something...anything and I was going to get it for her...thank God it was small and cheap. She held on to it for dear life, and played with it for quite a while when back at the hotel. She was quite all day, I can't think of one word she said today other than calling for her foster grandmother when she woke all the way until tonight when she played with the book in the hotel room and whispered a couple words...wonder what she said.
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery 36th Anniversary Ale
I can't say what.
On Lap 3, Anderson moved into third place, passing Davalos, but moments later made a mistake that allowed Davalos to take back second place and Monster Energy/Pro Circuit/Kawasaki’s Dean Wilson to move into third. Wilson passed Davalos on Lap 5 to take over the number-two position. GIECO Honda’s Wil Hahn, of Decatur, Texas moved around Davalos on Lap 11. Wilson finished second and Hahn finished third.
Most people swear by vinegar to assist get rid of head lice in as little as two days. Try utilizing mayonnaise or petroleum jelly, since both consumer goods work the same. In inclusion, perform a visual inspection of the comb teeth, simply to be sure that no lice or lice eggs. right away select and treated swiftly, it is needed to stay away from ordinary treatment is not absolutely vital because of toxicity. The final step is the same, if not additional critical than the previous steps.
When he'd recovered from the echoes, Rel took the rod and torches back to Rissad, his hands already coated in the vile stuff the Wildren had infused the wood with. More light didn't help much with making sense of the room, but at least they could see what was on the nearby shelves. Row on row of plastic bottles, all full of water, caught the light immediately in front of them. A wire mesh, wrapped tightly around the whole shelf, must have protected them through even the most violent upheavals of the Realmcrash.
H4v3 ƒµn!
Tim Wright describes how legislation that cut across the basic principles of equality that he was studying at law school inspired his move into political activism.
A: Michael Jackson’s hand.
“Distribution should logically be based on the need and affordability of the laptops for the population as a whole, and especially those in the lower income groups, ” he said, adding that the giveaways was yet another example of vote-buying and a “shocking waste of the rakyat’s money”.
When I started I couldn’t run for more than 30 seconds (and that was difficult) but this app slowly built me up over 12 weeks to running 30 minutes non-stop. The least I thought I could do for something that has changed my life so much was give it a little review…
This has been a crazy morning.
i think i have one photo for each month this took me to make! hee hee, only kidding, though this elizabeth zimmerman pi shawl did take quite a long time. i questioned continuing with it when i reached the increase round and i would be doubling five hundred seventy six stitches. it was a bit of a wrestling match to work my way around one thousand one hundred and fifty two stitches on the needle (for several inches). it was also kind of decide as you go project, not sure about the color choices or repeats. i ended up on a first name basis with leanne at beaverslide dry goods, i needed to reorder three separate times to finish! i ended up using one hank of the grey, one of green, and four of the blue. i would have liked do to make at least two more repeats of the gull pattern (it's the lace portion at the outside end) but i couldn't bring myself to do it. just the thought of the eight stitch knitted on border was enough to look forward to being done. that took days (and days) too. thank you to my love for taking these photos for me, my husband is an outdoor adventure photographer, and i think these kinds of photos are a little out of his comfort zone, but he is a lovely good sport. isn't it a gorgeous morning here? we had rain all through the night and woke to this.
RR—It could be a survival tactic. It could also be this ritual attack thing. And also I think these things are nocturnal. I think most of their activity is at night. So my feeling is that if I ever get in a position where we could do a long-term study, we’re gonna have to become nocturnal. We’re gonna have to live in the woods, we’re gonna have to be nocturnal, and we’re gonna have to be prepared to deal with the contact on that level.
2. I Haven't Got The Nerve
Origen: That is, the stone is the gift of God to the whole building, and is wonderful in our eyes, who can discern it with the eyes of the mind.
…and I kissed her.
We read these a lot lately:
mind is mine .. you don't take it
And she watches the ship disappear for the length of a sigh
Just do it…. you won’t be sorry.
I chose the Oatmeal PB cookies from Vegan Cookies Invade Your Cookie Jar but instead of oatmeal I used quinoa flakes and I used gluten free flours (brown rice, tapioca & potato). I've mentioned before that I never eat raw cookie/cake mix but the liquid ingredients for these cookies smelt so good that I almost wanted to, it reminded me of the insides of the mini Kinder easter eggs we used to get as children.
I'm back!!!!! and sharing a little bit of my stash.. This month, Scrapbookers Anonymous, is celebrating their last month of challenges and we wanted to have some fun.. our blog is and was always about stash usage.. so we decided to share our stash and ask you to do the same.. so hop over and link us up with some love.. =)
This week was a much needed improvement over the previous ones. The plot moved, secrets were revealed and I just love how once a couple declares their love for each other, ten minutes later, one of them decides that they CAN NEVER BE!
When her eldest son turned five she dove into the world of novels. She’d read romance novels for years, but couldn’t relate to the flawless, saintly heroines in Christian romance novels. So she decided to write
Starting at noon Saturday and going till 5 AM Sunday, we were awash in that rare substance, television goodness. And I got thrill every time "Bad Reputation" kicked in.
Cantor: Obama hates fossil fuels which
Annabel by Kathleen Winter (Grove/Atlantic Inc.)
Payment Method: Bank Transfer
Round 4: Ch 3. *2 dc in next dc, dc in next 2 dc, repeat from * around. Join to top ch of ch 3. (40)
Gingrich: Rick is a Papist!
So clean off that refrigerator, put away as many photos as you can and allow your buyers to imagine themselves living in their 'new home.'
Life insurance, like all insurance, is the type of product you have to buy before you need it. That means the time to purchase life insurance is when you’re young and healthy.
ICC
APRIL: Active and dynamic. Decisive and hasty but tends to regret. Attractive and affectionate to oneself. Strong mentality. Loves attention. Diplomatic. Consoling, friendly and solves people’s problems. Brave and fearless. Adventurous. Loving and caring. Suave and generous. Emotional. Aggressive. Hasty. Good memory. Moving. Motivates oneself and others. Sickness usually of the head and chest. Sexy in a way that only their lover can see.
Loading the car: This part is AWESOME if it's raining, snowing, etc. If mom's arms are particularly overloaded, or she is crazy enough to let you wander into the garage without holding you both, take off...in different directions...running...When she catches one of you, start wiggling. Most importantly, listen carefully, when Mommy is trying to put you in your carseat, arch your back, squeal and kick those legs! When she gets you buckled in, don't give up....you now have to help your brother! Grab his legs while she is trying to wrestle him in his carseat, laugh, make LOTS of noise. Mommy's not having fun unless she's sweating. Really.
The heartbeat grew faint under the bowel’s whale song.
We both volunteer at the Humane Society of Harrison County – A no-kill pet rescue center called The Pet Place. We work with abused animals and place them in loving homes.
VegSocUK
So, since the angles of the pentagon are divided up between the angles of the three triangles, you can find the sum of the angles of the pentagon by finding the total sum of the angles of all three triangles. That's why you multiply the number of triangles (n-2) by 180° in the formula above.
Note: If you search around on YouTube for "I Bought Me a Cat" you will find many
I also find it hard to pick out 5 or even 15 blogs for recognition. I think that every one is a personal story and a credit to those that take the time to share their lives, their family and their quilting with the rest of us.
You might guess, I’m not in a great mood tonight. This happens. Yesterday I was on top of the world, today I’m glum as can be. I’ve noticed something else, too. At the moment the stuff I’m eating doesn’t give me any real boost. Instead of enjoying food as part of my life, food has now become my life. And now it’s not so much in a covetous, lustful way, it’s a completely pragmatic exercise. The question that runs through my head all day is “When am I getting my top up?” Eating has gone from an enjoyable aspect of my day to a grim refueling task. When I do eat, I don’t feel pleased or satisfied, I just feel sustained. It’s just there to keep me going.
Sandra Vanatko
The guy in the white shalwar kameez and the dark sunglasses is an intelligence guy.
Karl: I see
Dragonette Tour Dates
Parole sweep nets 2 SCV men
While I am eagerly waiting for my markers to arrive I got to thinking about what I'm going to color and I decided to draw up a manga image of little red ridding hood. I was watching the new version of the tale and thought it'd be a good subject to draw, except a little bit more gothic style. I might try to draw up the huntsman next. Here she is:
It’s good to keep your personal matters up to date. Though you can’t prepare for every eventuality, at least you will be able to handle most of them.
My son, who is turning 7 in a few weeks, always wants the latest "it" toy. But half the time, he doesn't really even know what it is or what it does. Am I bad mother because I sometimes say no, we are not buying it, you don't need it? Quite the opposite, in my opinion. I want my children to learn that things are simply material objects, and they usually won't make any difference in the grand scheme of things.
1,945 years after Paul’s final visit to Jerusalem, the world is still shaking its head being cumbered with so many religions. These religions are waring and debating its merits and demerits. One is confused until accepting the person and work of Jesus Christ for personal salvation. The, God provides spiritual discernment.
As the snow begins to fall on your beautiful home, and the for sale sign on the front lawn you are beginning to wonder if you should forgoe the Christmas decorations this year so they don’t turn off any potential buyers.
narrow it down to two competing definitions. Then we can run those through the
Americans have always been eternal optimists. But over the last three and a half years, we have seen hopes and dreams diminished by false promises and weak leadership. Everywhere I go, Americans are tired of being tired, and many of those who are fortunate enough to have a job are working harder for less.
A few things to remember about Preston (15 months):
The ultrasound and my physical condition the next day revealed that a miscarriage had occurred. At first I felt very sad and disappointed. The baby had died. All of the hopes and plans were being destroyed. To make matters worse, Steve was still in Illinois and wouldn't be able to come for another week. While I was very glad to have the support of my family (and the help with Harriet) it was depressing to be going through a rather traumatic life experience without my husband.
October 17, 2010
The drone strikes, which have long infuriated the Pakistani public, killed four al-Qaeda-linked fighters in a girls’ school they had taken over in the North Waziristan tribal area, security officials there said.
The Hebrew writer cited seven passages to bolster his argument that Jesus is superior to the angels. He began the polemic by citing Ps. 2:7, “For to which of the angels did God ever say, ‘You are my Son; today I have begotten you’?” (Heb. 1:5a). Perhaps the author intended a bit of irony since angels were collectively referred to as “sons of God” on a number of occasions.[24] The argument, however, is that while the angels (plural) may have been referred to as sons, no angel (singular) was ever referred to as Son. That position is reserved for Jesus alone.
· Earth Dreams - Sculptures in the Garden
DW: Ben, right before September 11th, a lot of people forgot about this. Donald Rumsfeld goes on national television and says that they “lost” 2.3 trillion dollars from the Pentagon over the previous decade.
instead of all these bills
Then, I saw the latest challenge on Our Creative Corner - Spring Break - Travel So, as I haven't been well, and am not actually travelling anywhere, I allowed myself the liberty of creating an imaginary break by creating a collage of images from 2 of my favourite places... London and New York.
singing talents, has come to an
There’s been a million posts about the music in Star Wars, but it means a lot to me, so I will say this: These pieces of music, from these films, are timeless. They are exquisite in oh so many ways, but it’s in their primary mode that they pull the most power: and that mode is emotional inception. John & George, together, want you to not just hear the music, but feel the story behind it, feel how each character develops, and you along with them, to really make you part of the film. In this mode, John Williams & his musical armada are a force to be reckoned with.
so so happy.
And since then, of course, it’s been Pesach – and Pesach in New York means so many many different types of matzah (egg matzah without the yolk, anyone??), and seders with various different people (including a first night Haggadah-less seder which was filled just with questions and discussion; second night with haggadahs, more questions, and good friends from home; third night at a 40 person Queer Seder in Brooklyn) – as well as last night going to an amazing/crazy klezmer gig in the basement of a shul in the East Village. I’m hoping to write a proper post about the seders – there was so much (earnest) goodness there – so I’ll leave it at that, with a not really ending to this long(ish) post. That’s what you get when I’m writing when sick, I s’pose…
“Yoochun ah, a present…for…u-us…” he gives me the box without looking at me. Was he okay? I read the card and was shocked. “Happy YooSu Day!” it said. I had forgotten our anniversary, how?
55% didn't know who had cyberbullied them.
Folk Legends:
"The details are just details. And the story is always the same: the younger woman idolizes the older woman; she stalks her; the older woman takes her up; the younger woman finds out the older woman is only human; the story ends.
When I was nineteen I felt my first lump. I was so scared. I made an appointment with my doctor immediately. My doctor assured me that it was a fibroid and nothing to worry about. I started doing my self breast exams and always wondered how I would know the difference. I would ask doctors and they would tell me that I would know. When I was about twenty-five I was told that my paternal grandmother had died of breast cancer. Some would say I became OCD about my breast exams. When I was thirty I had my first mammogram and when I was thirty-five I felt a lump that did not feel right and went to have it checked out only to be shrugged off and told that it was just a fibroid. So feeling like I was just being paranoid I kept up my self exams and did not pursue my concerns about that lump. But soon after my fortieth birthday while in the shower I felt a lump that just did not feel like it should and felt as large as a walnut. I was having some other female issues and decided to make an appointment with my family practitioner. When I saw him he said I really needed to see my gynecologist. I made an appointment and this time I made it with someone I knew would listen to my concerns and not make me feel like I was being paranoid. I talked to him and he suggested we do another mammogram and he felt that I had another fibroid but we needed to check it out. He told me that I needed to point it out to the technician when they did the mammogram. The test was scheduled for six weeks later. During the rest of the exam he discovered a large tumor in my pelvic wall and that began a long list of test and biopsies. All the test came back inconclusive. The only thing that was definite was that it was between 15 an 18 cm in length and 8 cm in diameter. My doctor and all his colleagues he consulted with had never seen anything like it. I was sent to a specialist out-of-town. I was scheduled to have surgery to have it removed. A week before I was to go into the hospital for surgery I went into have my mammogram.
The death toll in a flash flood in Nepal’s central Annapurna region could be as high as 60, according to rescuers scouring the area for survivors.
Write about your feelings, your thoughts, any spiritual stirrings, and even notice the physical sensations you experience as you write. Write without holding back, about for example: relationships, achievements, work, conflicts, faith, emotions, fears, hopes, needs, regrets, goals, decisions and expectations.
When you are under high levels of stress, rational thinking and decision making are compromised. The first key skill is the ability to quickly calm yourself down when you’re feeling overwhelmed. When you manage stress in the moment, it shows your strength and resilience. This skill helps you stay balanced, focused, and in control, no matter what challenges you face.
Spoil of War came off the free list in the US on Dec. 3 at a price of $1.99. Previous to this, its best sales month was back in June (when readers were buying their summer reads) when it was 99 cents and it was still on the Hot New Releases list at Amazon. It sold 184 copies then.
I also thought a lot of their "real-life" examples were pretty funny and found many suggestions that seem like good things to implement with my own family as my son gets older. I really liked the emphasis on positive discipline as opposed to punishment for misbehavior.
“Little M...”
Another strategy though would be to work – work really hard – with the best realistic actors you could find, people really and truly skilled at the art of non-verbal communication, so that we can see the wheels turning inside their heads and read their faces, which will add a level of complexity to dialogue that can too often be written off by modern audiences as simplistic or stereotypical. Mind you, I don’t personally write off the text here. But it does have to be grappled with and interpreted for the modern audience. At any rate, two or three of the present cast are excellent and up to such a task I think (Miles, Snow and Delaney were my favorites).
Thank you all for continuing to follow his daily photo journal. I’m not sure what I should do with his blog now. Perhaps I will continue to share images n’ such of him now and then. I am very proud to be his mother, he was truly the best cat I’ve ever had. He had so much personality. I always wondered how one small being could be such a large presence in life. He craved attention and knew how to get it, whether it being meowing forever, running and jumping in your lap, or dropping and breaking glasses off the counter top; which was his favorite of all. I’m going to miss all those antics. But I must go on knowing that he is in a better place now where there is no pain, and he gets to run and play like he did for so many years. And I hope for his sake there are lots of counter tops and glasses to keep him entertained.
• The essentials of patent claim drafting, by Morgan D Rosenberg, published by Oxford University Press. A practical guide to the drafting of patent claims in US patent applications, this volume emphasises the how-to of claim drafting, rather than on the history and theory of claiming. It contains multiple examples for all types of claims which a practitioner is likely to draft, and provides an easy reference for the drafting of particular types of claims. It is written primarily for novice patent attorneys and patent agents, as well as law students and those studying for the US Patent Bar Exam. Further details available from the publisher's website here.
Usually prepared in a large shallow pot placed in the middle of the table with portable burner to cook with. It is best to share with many people as it is cooking right on the table but you can enjoy small portion just for you, or you and your significant others.
Bang! Suddenly and swiftly, I am rudely awakened and instantly realize where I am and what I must do. My windshield has been shattered; the mob of senseless Okada men is attempting to drag me out of the car to bring me face to face with the unsightly sight that is beneath my car. I am helpless; a teardrop arrogantly and defiantly crawls down my cheek as the gravity of the situation downs on me. Today I am a martyr… (I repeat these words as I console myself) what I have done I , I have done for the greater good. Something in me is suddenly at peace as I take my place beside Joan of Arc, Mary Queen of Scots, Thomas Sankara and other greats who were cut down in the pursuit of greater things for their people.
Now, this story is a real, real, old one. In fact it's so old,
It was only many years later, when I actually began my initial piano lessons with a spinsterish fifty-something Italian woman, that I got an actual aesthetic and musical response to my "jazz preaching". Once I brought Francesca my new copy of Sarah Vaughn's HOW LONG HAS THIS BEEN GOING ON with Oscar Peterson and my piano teacher proceeded to go over to the piano and, after but a single initial hearing, copy Peterson's lines off of the record, (at least the ones she could execute technically). She called doing that having "perfect pitch" and, whatever that was, I knew then that I didn't have it, let alone relative pitch. It would take decades for me to develop my ears through arduous labyrinth and torturous travels on my part. (It didn't help that the music teachers around me, especially Francesca, were adamantly opposed to playing by ear. This struck me as the grossest hypocrisy because Francesca had this marvelous ability to play an Oscar Peterson line with little effort on the spot and I bet she enjoyed it too. However there was this dogma about sight reading and the sanctity of the written score, a kind of fetish in the classical music world in my particular environment.
Oh, c'mon. I'm sure the same doesn't hold true for North American men. Me? I pride myself on my sense of style. In fact my wife has commented on the stylishness of some of my purchases. Sure it's thing's like, "Hell, that thing looks like it's outta the 70s." But, hey, at least I can shop for myself. I can buy t-shirts and tube socks with the best of them.
First there was Lucy and Ethel, followed by Mary and Rhoda, Thelma and Louise and Carrie/Miranda/Charlotte/Samantha. And across the pond (and sandwiched in between the timeline of female buddies) were none other than Patsy and Edina from the hit show Ab/Fab aka Absolutely Fabulous.
Johannes Brahms: Piano Quintet in F minor, op.34
I am not suggesting that our LGBT organizations abandon pursuit of ENDA
Contestants, put your hands on the buzzers! (Or, you know… close down your Google Tab. No cheating, now!)
Next up in character creation are species, and this is where the options do start to increase. There are eight beside humans, which is some variety for the game type, and several are non-humanoid. They each get a write-up and there are restrictions to attributes, meaning certain scores preclude certain species. More of that challenge.
You know, there are days when I think I’ve seen it all. I think to myself: “there are some things which are just too stupid, crazy, and/or ‘out-there’ that nobody will attempt to believe & defend.” And then something like this crosses my email inbox: an actual conference, titled “Galileo Was Wrong: The Church Was Right”, which attempts to seriously argue for… get this… geocentrism. You know, geocentrism – the idea that the Earth is the center of the universe. You know, geocentrism – the notion which has become, and deservedly so, synonymous with the Dark Ages & all manner of backward and nonsensical thinking. You know, geocentrism – the completely defunct idea which even the modern Catholic Church itself has admitted as having no merit whatsoever! Yeah, that geocentrism…
The great thing about this cooking pot is that it is not fussy about the fire, it just needs heat. Flames, embers, doesn't matter a bit, unlike when cooking directly over fire. And also, when camping, unless you are uber organised or super equipped, everything takes longer.
That they are inappropriate,
A good query letter is necessary for getting a publisher’s attention. Before you can sell your book to the public, you need to sell it to the potential publisher so it needs to be as professional and attention-grabbing as possible. Spend time on it. Rewrite and rewrite it until it is as perfect as you can make it, and don’t forget to proofread it multiple times. Good luck!
Finally, I'd like to wish anyone who reads 'the Age of Uncertainty' a Happy New Year. After a number of challenges and upheavals last year, the blog began to run out of steam towards the end of the year, as I was exhausted by family difficulties and preoccupied with setting up my own bookselling business.
The die mechanics for EABA seem like an inverted GURPS (no wonder the frequent comparison)- 3d6, but here it is roll over to beat a target number instead of the roll under GURPS rules. So you still get the nice bell curve. It is also a dice pool system. When an attribute or skill level is greater than the 3d6, you roll that level in amount of dice, then you tally the best three. Very clever system.
Every now and then I see someone make mention that hand-in-hand with the decline in post-free sales, free books are not being downloaded in the same numbers as they were earlier in the year.
HARRY’S LAW is on the fence. If Kathy Bates could lose 20 years that would go a long way towards renewal. Let’s see how good a writer David E. Kelley is if he can pull that off.
Which puts me in a great spot to close this out. While at BevMo last Monday looking for bottles of Cinder Cone that do not exist, I settled for a six pack of Rogue's seasonal Santa’s Private Reserve and you know what? It reminded me somewhat of my beloved Cinder Cone Red. Wishful thinking? Hallucination? Perhaps, but I sure didn’t imagine all those nice people who responded to my frantic emails seeking out Cinder Cone in Arizona. My quixotic search came to nothing, but the search was half the fun. I’m going to miss Cinder Cone a lot but I’ve gained a new appreciation for seasonals. Enjoy ‘em while they last and know that you may not see them next year!
* You must be able to commit to creating at least one card per week and upload it to our yahoo page at least 1 day before the post goes ‘live’.
I don't remember where I first heard about When She Woke, but a dystopic retelling of The Scarlet Letter warrants at least a sample download. Haven't heard much early buzz, but I will give this a wide berth to be interesting.
Our gut instinct says she got away with murder. But we are no expert. We don't have access to the court evidence, which is why we can be dismissed, but regardless, using our HUMAN INSTINCTS, we think her guilt is written all over her face. And Mr. Douglas, who has access to anything he needs, has never been PROVEN wrong, not even once according to legend. And he says she's innocent. What more do you need to know?
The security forces also recovered arms including pistols, rifles and bullets from their custody.
I have lots more to share about the fun things we saw and did while Grammy and Pa were here, but that will have to wait for another day. At least I've broken my blogger's block, maybe I can get rolling again!
Gin a body kiss a body,
What do we get from this? Well apart from an easing of the pain of choice (which I'll come back to), we get some real positive value from the branding effort. Not in the sense that these positioned products are better, but the branding itself can be valuable. We can use the product we've chosen to send signals about ourselves - sometimes to ourselves.
Of those beneficiaries, three were with Weston at the time of her arrest; two are dead; one no longer needed a representative payee; and one was switched to a more suitable payee.
if you move your feet
The guys showed us where they slept, and what they ate, although I seriously doubted they held the hard biscuit in a ziplock bag. They showed us the ways they carried their guns and they even let us hold them...very heavy!
Carrie Ann: I’ve seen the Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter like 80 times LOL. Plus anything with Simon Peg to make me laugh.
His appearance has already been radically and rudely refashioned by plastic surgery. In this guise, in a valley in England (“or perhaps Wales”), he meets a group of construction workers:
I feel like the last few years have been an apprenticeship. I didn’t know what I was doing, and now I slightly do. I sort of fell into being a writer when I was trying to be something else - but I love it and have really found ‘my voice’. (That might sound pretentious, but when you’ve been writing academic stuff for years, it’s sooooo refreshing to write in a style that is slightly more you! Or should that be me?)
55. Having placed in my mouth sufficient bread for three minutes' chewing, I withdrew my powers of sensual perception and retired into the privacy of my mind, my eyes and face assuming a vacant and preoccupied expression. —Flann O'Brien, At Swim-Two-Birds (1939)
Working in a dermatology clinic for several years taught me a lot about how to get through the winter months with soft, glowing skin. Lucky you! Try these tips and stay smooth and itch-free until spring, and all her April showers, returns.
‘Maybe,’ she says, ‘but I’d have to pay an extra like 300 a month, and my job wouldn’t cover it.’
Don felt that Ed and I exhibited something that has become very prevalent in this country's dressage, which is false straightness. My inside leg is consistently back and my outside rein is too strong and inside rein is too weak. I must admit, to the second comment, I definitely didn't a mental double take. What? Too little contact on the inside rein? This information brought me back to a lesson I had with Bec on Ben. The short version of that lesson was that, the "don't use your inside rein" mantra comes from too many amateurs hanging on the inside rein. To lose this dependence on the inside rein, the focus becomes solely on outside rein use. BUT, when a rider is at a certain point in their riding, you get to even out more. Put simply, use your inside rein, it's there for a reason.
Yes!! From now on I’m not obsessive people – I’m extremely focused!!
As for that: yes, the ending is terrible. Whoever is responsible for it needs to be given tight slaps and made to re-read some good books and film scripts to see how finales can go. That said, we've all seen countless Hidni films that falter and topple over throughout most of the post-interval run—"the Curse of the Second Half," as it's known around these parts—and still liked them overall, and we've probably seen even more films, particularly from the 70s, it seems, that simply stop with a brief, completely perfunctory end and do not bother with real conclusion, extrication, or even satisfaction. Agent Vinod goes the other direction and offers several decrescendos, and, for no good reason I can discern, doesn't do anything particularly interesting with any of them. The Bolly/Holly desire for romance creates some of the worst English dialogue I've heard out of Mumbai in some time; the spy film zeal for twists throws in wrenches that don't inspire; the James Bond love comes up with a brief but utterly plastic nod that adds nothing. Thank goodness the film actually ends with "Pungi,"* and its episodic, goofball vibe restored my mood about the film and had me dancing in my seat. So in all, if I gave points to films, in good conscience I could only take one off for the last chunk of AV because 1) seriously, think of all the crappy endings Hindi films have had, 2) at least the team tried, as opposed to just running out of steam and not bothering to put something together, and 3) the last flavor is one of pure energy, glee, and goodwill.
Tier 2 – Subsequent Realism
Quite possibly the most oblique film on this list, and quite possibly the most powerful precisely because it is what it wants to be: impenetrable. Gene Hackman is the detective investigating a missing person in the Hollywood community who gets involved in a deadly smuggling case – this is a highly sophisticated look at the genre which delights in not giving anything away – its closing image, of a boat going round and round in circles perfectly sums up a film full of questions and no easy answers, though everything you need is in fact all in plain sight.
in which you were also raised with him
So, if you remember from my previous post, I was a little crazy and decided NOT to do a hair trial. Not only did I decide not to do a hair trial, but I was also getting my hair done by a new hair lady. She had never met me before or anything. She was recommended to me by my sister in law, so I had total trust in her.
Now do we just paint it all white again as he liked it that way, or are we brave and put some colour in there? I have put a match pot of deep red on one wall to see what it looks like but still can't decide. It looks bright red in the photo but it's more of a deep, claret red in real life. HELP I just don't know if it will close the room in too much as it's not a very light room. What do you recon ladies? I'm more temped to leave it all white at the moment as that's safer, but is safer better?If we add the colour, which wall do we put it on? Be great to hear what you lot think?
I said, what can I say
We Don’t Want Atlantic Yards.
"The men insisted on R10 000. Quintin said he didn't have that much cash in the house, but he could call his sister to bring the money. They refused and sprayed him with teargas. Quintin lay down over their little boy to try to protect him from the teargas."
A year passed as agreed, and the rock foundation was done.
Acting Judge B R Tokota on Wednesday dismissed Van Gund's application, saying he could not find that the Parole Board's decision had been unreasonable or biased.
Anyway, with my written list failing me, I turned to my photographs and came across two that actually turned on the electricity in my brain. One was of an alligator lying in wait for a meal, and the other was of a great blue heron quietly waiting for its dinner to come into reach.
Fletcher Dragge - Guitar
I had ceramic tile floors in a rental home that the homeowner did a REALLY bad job on. Some tiles were raised up 1/4″ above the grout with sharp corners that tear a sponge mop or “swiffer” type mops to shreds. I tried all the “fancy” mops they advertise like crazy during soap operas for us homemakers to run out and buy because they are so pretty… In addition, I had decorative molding along the floor that collects dirt and dust like you would not believe! I would have to go over the white molding with a dish cloth and it was back-breaking! Uugh! So, I bought this ugly little mop thinking it was worth a try for just a buck.
But you all were so right. A Home Maintenance checklist is a whole different can of worms, although, they also go hand in hand. So right behind the cleaning checklist, I also laminated a Home Maintenance checklist!
So Chris Baty’s brainchild of NaNoWriMo is a good poke in the butt for me. Plus, I get the added fringe benefit of Chris’ slightly wacko humor, which I can completely relate to. He seems like a good kid. The whole idea of setting a seemingly impossible goal that results in actually finishing something in a short period of time makes perfect sense to me.
Yoochun lay beside him and hug him. “Come on, let’s take a rest…” he stroked Junsu hair softly. Junsu snuggled to Yoochun chest. He sighed and fall asleep. Yoochun smiled softly, he kiss Junsu’s forehead. “Good night love, Saranghae…” he also fall asleep too.
Mmmmm! Mango Moo Shake… I know that it’s been pretty cold around Vancouver lately but I couldn’t resist trying out this fabulous drink concoction.
Maybe that was the adrenalin.
CALLER: It's OK to say that word?
One leather rocking chair ;-) the spindles that make up the rocker frame don't really go with the rest of it, so I may re-turn them on my lathe, it is very comfy, in fact it's more comfy than the original rocking chair, it looks a little lop sided in the above picture but it's not, honest.
No comment from FCR
The 2012 Alberta general election is one of the most hotly contested elections in recent years. What voters decide today will have deep impact to Albertans, Alberta-based, and Canadian businesses in general. Do Albertans and Alberta-based businesses want a new government? We will find out tonight.
1/3 c. Brown Sugar (or Coconut Palm) 1/4 c. Xylitol (3 tsp. Stevia)
that I vaguely remember from
friday night, and i’m in bed with my laptop.
Up until now I’ve posted a 500-1000 word essay near the end of each week. I’ve also been writing a glossary definition a day for Homecoming‘s Facebook page. Why not combine them?
ride there for grandpa’s last request before he died
4. Non-residents will NOT have the right to vote no matter how long they are here.
The front runners should be lead by Charles Jock and Andrew Wheating – Jock playing the role of the rabbit, with Wheating staying close and keeping in reach. The role of the kickers will be played by Robbie Andrews and Nick Symmonds – Symmonds being somewhere near the back of the pack; Andrews defining the back of the pack.
Recently, more steps were introduced through the internet to make life more convenient for an individual. From snail mail that takes days to an e-mail that only takes a second to reach the recipient after you click the “send” button. Needed information as we know, except those that are classified are made available worldwide on the web, educating and assisting more people to meet their needs, increase their knowledge and add their options. Other than information dissemination, socializing also has emerged through the internet which gives an opportunity to those who are closeted to come out of their shell in the privacy of their own room. Distance is no longer an obstacle to reach many across countries regardless of race and culture. It has opened doors to more business opportunities. Many have taken advantage of the benefits that web presence can give. Even education and job opportunities are now available online too. Knowing the convenience we get through the internet surely many of us would prefer living with it. Everything within reach, almost effortless. You almost need not have to leave your house to do things in the regular or traditional way since almost all your needs can just be delivered to you any time of day and almost all that are needed to be accomplished can be done right where you are at your convenience.
Repackaging can work to improve downloads and sales. Although, I'm no bestseller yet, I've made inroads into a start. I think sometimes my problem is I'm not as confident after a release as I need to be, and probably should be. I think, 'Oh, it's just a short story.' If I short change it, well, I have to quit doing that. I love Semper Audacia. It's a good story. It deserves a better attitude from me than it's gotten. I'll do better. Perhaps a topic I'll address in more depth for IWSG in January.
Most contemporary men, of course, laugh at the mention of demons – but this is precisely what they are describing and seeing under the guise of “extra-terrestrial intelligences” or “flying-saucer aliens.”
Gotta love pocket change!
So here is a list.Wouldn’t be exactly the list of the most important things that I would want to do, but the list of the 10 most wanted things that my ever green and not-so-girlish adventurous mind would wish for,call for and yell for before I say bye,,….
Underland’s animals all look amazing, from the fantastical Bandersnatch to the chess piece and playing card armies of the Queens White and Red. The backgrounds look amazing, the digital and make-up enhanced Crispin Glover and Helena Bonham Carter look great, and there is a constant shifting of colors so your eyes never get bored looking at the same palette over and over again.
Hope you enjoyed this post, whats your favourite polish for Spring? xx
Requires the presence of yourself and your …!
The other week Mats and I were out on the town and stopped outside a "Smart Shop" to see what sort of mushrooms they had on display, it was the first time we had been approached by a drug dealer in Amsterdam...
Udon Soup
The card was also cut using the "A Child's Year" . Then I just inked with brown chalk ink and added my dots with my Signo Pen.
There’s a social science theoretical concept called Dunbar’s number[1] that posits a limit to the number of people with whom one can maintain stable social relationships. The generally accepted value for Dunbar’s number is 150. This means the average human can maintain up to 150 stable social relationships.
The setlist was similar to the previous tour by featuring the new songs for an hour, then the complete Dark Side Of The Moon after a twenty minute intermission. Echoes, the sole older number, would serve as the encore. But the difference is that, in the intervening four months, the band wrote the new song Have A Cigar and decided to insert it between parts five and six of Shine On You Crazy Diamond. The live debut of the song and the new arrangement occurred in Vancouver.
Plenty of feedback is given on the rider’s mastery of each number fact and operation, including an innovative overview map of mastery for each number table. This is highly beneficial for both the rider and the parent/educator. You can see with one glance where your child is at and where he or she might need further assistance. Top challenges are also listed in a separate list box for further easy reference.
23 May 1813 – William A. Slaughter was born
15:12). With His glorified Body, He is no longer bound by the limitations of time, space, or physics. As we believe as part of the Faith also, Mother Mary was assumed body and soul into Heaven. They remain the only two people to have a glorified body. But we too shall follow! That is our hope! The very same Body we have now will be raised
By the Spirit of our God,
Item #: CWW-M1201-2
For this note, let us substantiate our understanding of the birthing of worlds. The emanation of the elements, the planes of existence, with the active intervention of the spiritual Hierarchy, made possible the evolution of worlds with their sentient beings.
Just as the Jewish farmer in the ancient days would have had faith to offer first fruits to God so that He would bless his crops, we must have faith in the final resurrection because of the first fruits we have in Jesus. First fruits are a symbol also of hope and promise.
Carolina says the root is a known poison locally. It does well in poor soil. And that's about all I can tell you. Anyone here know more?
The stark comparison to my Mother in Law is beneficial as well. It will help me remember in the years to come what we had to go through to have these babies. It will help me to remember how my Mom raised me and to strive to be half the Mom that she is. It will help me to remember that being a Mom is the most important thing that I will ever do. It will help me to never forget the love that I feel right now as we anxiously await their arrival. The love that feels so large right now; that in a few years will be tiny by comparison.
So, good times ahead.
On their menu they list a 2 pound… 8000 calorie… Quadruple Bypass Burger which consists of 4 Hamburger Patties with Cheese on a bun… with an option for 20 slices of bacon.
Well not quite, but almost. Last week’s Oscar winner for Best Short film went to The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore, a short film which is equally recognized for its gorgeous and highly interactive children’s eBook iPad application. Perhaps the incredible integration between story and game won the academy over? Either way – we hope this is an indication to the future of eBooks!
Kim also posted a picture on the show’s official Twitter account with the comment, “SNSD, Super Junior, and f(x) are gathered together! The three idols will talk honestly while riding in the taxi. Please pay attention to them.”
The issue of trust is raised without being asking.
*Cake Recipe*
Scott got up to their place fairly early in the AM - and I followed later, with our three little ones. What a fun day. I helped my sister with some household chores around their home. Sweeping floors, laundry, dishes, preparing and cooking some of the evening meal, etc.
Music from the 60's and 70's. They called it Classic Rock.
But also there are a few things to consider. Right now the Republicans are taking hits because of the social issues (you have Rick Santorum and Rush Limbaugh for this debacle….thanks guys, we are having an easy win with economics and you fall for the bait. Dipshits.). When Romney is officially the nominee this will largely disappear. Another point or two. And hey, does anyone forget we’re looking to a summer of $7 to $8 /gallon of gas. You think that’s not going to be an extra point or two…or ten?
I poked him back. "Okay."
Maternity Session and Newborn Sessions both come with digital files included in the price. As for the Grow with Me plan... you get plenty of prints to share with family, priority bookings, a cake smash is included in the 12 month session and an album is provided at the end of the year to commemorate your little ones first year. In addition you will also receive 20% off additional items.
Brand tells the story of Kraft working for RCA Records in New York, until his bosses tried to dictate the look of the title character on an “Aida” album cover. “They wanted her to be chocolate,” Brand said. “And he wanted to make her black, and they wouldn’t let him. So he quit.”
Hannah and I had originally intended to model for the book ourselves, but since I ended up pregnant during the time the pictures were taken.. I wasn't exactly feeling or looking very "model-y".
I made the same cake again for Valentine's Day this year. We usually don't celebrate the occasion, but since we didn't celebrate our past two wedding anniversaries, I thought it would be a good opportunity for me to bake a layered cake to mark this special day...when the Chinese Lunar New Year falls on the same day as Valentine's Day. I doubt we will still be around to celebrate the next time these two festivals coincide.
Pre-chorus
It will be a busy weekend at my house, lots going on. Should have a few goodies to show next time.
UPDATE: Good conversation over at Pat's. Interesting thoughts from bloggers from all over. One of the reasons we do this.
Today I found myself in a small, sterile-white exam room, deliberating over whether or not I should browse, "Parent & Child," or an outdated "Time," while I waited for Mike. The reading material was uninteresting to me, and I refused to study (or even glance at) the graphic, disturbing posters on the wall...lest I toss my breakfast. Those posters depicted types of skin cancer in their various stages of growth. One long and lasting linger by my peepers, and I knew acute paranoia would set in--thus resulting in a frantic, compulsive check of my body for "cancerous" moles. Instead, I reflected on the last time I had been in that exam room...
Whisk in the flour and sugar mixture in 3 separate additions, whisking until smooth after each.
Then even when we think we have it all figured out, death knocks on your door again and it’s time for another reconstruction of your life.
The only reason I can write about this is that there are no emotions attached to it. I’m feeling nothing. There’s an emotional void. The following memory is the first I remember in its entirety and I have yet to tell T about it. I’m going to attempt to write it out here, as a test to see if I’m able to tell it vocally. Or even tell it at all.
How can a person rest when there is so much to be done?
Check out this informative article, Overprotected Kids: How to Let Kids Take Risks. Boys especially need opportunities to take positive risks and opportunities to be responsible. A positive risk for a child could be as simple as holding a wiggly bug in their hands, climbing up a ladder to go down a slide, or cutting paper with scissors. A responsibility for a young child might be having them help prepare a meal and then carry a bowl full of food to the table.
If you find any decent ones stick em in the comments box!
Background: Lemme just point out that I am an ardent Manchester United fan and would watch any match they play in, even if it’s in a mickey mouse league like the Europa (gag, I must say these bore me a tad bit) but just watching those guys run across the field (whilst I yell “take off your shirt dammit”) makes me happy. I always watch the Utd matches at home and rarely accept any invitations to socialize with the girls on these days even when they promise me that there will be a tv screen nearby where I can watch without disturbance. Yeah right!! Have you ever been seated with a bunch of girls during a soccer match? They never stop yapping!!! I’ll pass thank you, my couch is just fine!
A cocktail party is in progress, the rooms crowded with guests as Alvy and
I wasn't prepared to see the wreckage. Couldn't comprehend before hand how I'd feel. After many long moments talking to the individuals at the tow yard providing proof of ownership and figuring out just where they had hauled Betsy to, they opened the gate for us and Matthew slowly drove down the center of a wide, full lot of wrecked vehicles. That's when I was hit with the realization that, as King Solomon said, " time and chance happens to us all". Matthew turned the van between two surreal rows of mangled cars and braked.
“It’s quite a nice substitute. I’m impressed.” Father glances about the cave. I can see his hand taking care to test its security and sturdiness. While he isn’t a brute of a man it provides me comfort to see he is unable to so much as budge the rock formation.
a much more top-down approach would be to simply prioritize the things that you really need to do in a reliable system which consistently reminds you of these priorities until they are completed. In other words, it would be more ideal to focus on the tasks at hand rather than focus on how to limit distractions away from those tasks. After all, distractions are often self-fulfilling desires stemming from a lack of motivation. At least that’s what they said before the Internet. Now that the Internet is around and everywhere though, I’m going to stick with StayFocusd to help me get things done.
As one Muslim author wrote:
HE CERTAINLY wasn’t taking any prisoners.
Yeah he had lines shaved into his eyebrows, but what of it?! He could lob goalkeepers from 30 yards and play those snazzy “I murked you by looking the other way, bruv!” passes.
Now that really gets to me! I haven't got any pets meself, let’s face it - this life of mine would just not allow it! But I did had cats and dogs growing up, and just love those little hearts and minds!
Marijane Osborn — Professor Emeritus, English
Seating is limited. To reserve early call Richard SooHoo, President of the ACCE at 978-470-2293 or email richsoohoo@aol.com.
Jump Start Rewards: During your first 100 days, you can earn $3,000+ in FREE jewelry based on personal sales and an unlimited amount of FREE jewelry by sponsoring qualified Stylists!
He has changed. I don’t think that’s necessarily a bad thing, but I often wonder where his fire is. His father would drive a tricycle to the front of the field and wreck Rusty Wallace on the way there if he had to. He would not complain about it either. The car could push, shove, be tight, be loose, hit the wall, slide around, it didn’t matter. Dale Sr. would drive whatever was handed to him, in whatever shape it was handed to him. The younger seems to want to wait for the golden car. The changes made are never good enough, or the car falls off, and he is content sometimes to let it go. He will also let anyone who can hear know how upset he is with the state of the car, and anything else he can complain about. He never seems happy. Even in post race interviews, where he had a great finish, he fails to look reporters in the eye, and sounds gloomy. He’s no fun anymore.
Was a trivial affair,
However, my mini little adventure with the random shitty boxer inspired one of the girls sitting next to us, who happened to be dressed up as a boxer, that beating me up would be a great idea.
We picked up Empire apples (I'm loving that the New Hampshire orchards have apples from their cold storage that they're bringing to the markets still now in March!), potatoes, onions, rutabaga, and carrots. We still have plenty of local chicken, pork, and beef in the freezer, so this was a meat-free shopping trip.
i don't know what it is - but i just always wanted a custom Harley - i just see myself riding it in the summer - turning heads - feelin' the metal between my legs - something magical about it all
Kerry and Penny's first set of patterns is now available in their new Sew-Ichigo shop! It's a lovely set of four kitchen themed designs. I was able to test this one for them. It's called "Ode to a Kitchen Aid." I debated long and hard over various floral prints for a fun and funky Kitchen-Aid mixer but decided that it just wasn't "me." Instead, I went with a clean looking block with a white Kitchen Aid with a metal bowl...just like the one sitting on my counter. I am hoping to use Penny's Kitchen Aid cover tutorial to turn it into a cover for my mixer when time permits. This is a great little block. And it is little-just 6". Did you think it was bigger? When I see the image, I think so too but when you think about the size of selvage dots you realize that it can't be all that big! Here is my hint for you when looking for the perfect selvage for this project--check your novelty prints. They tend to have more colorful circles on the selvage! I'm already looking forward to seeing their next set of patterns.
Catch you Later...if you dare..!!
MORAL: Pineapples don’t have sleeves
10/14/2008 - Ann Arbor, MI - Michigan Theater
6. In capital cases, the giving of false witness may be punishable by death.
Other art that was shared was, The Paranoid Android, Memory, Spiral Time Peace, Devoid of Fridge Poetry, Art on a Blank Canvas, The Triple Bypass, Timeless DNA, Half Past Nine, Shipwrecked at AfrikaBurn—Buried in the Sands of Time, etc. Each piece of art carried its own deep connection with time and why it is important to have displayed at AB.
OG: 1.052
5. Empire State Building,
A tape of the little star’s performance on Star Search was brought in for me to watch, as well as, Britney Spears and Rosie O’Donnell.
Emerging from beneath the trees to a cacophony of cawing and chattering crows, the gradual rise out of the Stour Valley onto higher ground leads to the soil becoming thinner and more flinty, like that of the South Downs. While this may be an annoyance to agriculture, the flint that can be quarried from the ground has been used as a building material for centuries to construct charming edifices such as the church of All Saints, Boughton Aluph.
You scare me because you have begun to use ‘extortion’ tactics against certain banks and corporations.
…that homosexuality was a “sin” that “breeds like cancer” and that marking LGBT History Month was like parading “unnatural, immoral behavior before the rest of us.”
I have been eye-ball deep in a new term for almost four weeks now and what I have come to know is that my best teaching days have nothing to do with curriculum. My best days are the ones when I’m tough, filled with loving my kids so fiercely that nothing slips by, so filled that we all go home a little rattled, a spark resonating. My best days are the ones when everyone has voice, when we take time to step away, to cry, to yell, to belly laugh, to sit in silence, to reflect, to nod our heads towards each other, to ask each other how we are doing and to listen to the reply or to play a game of ball. These are the best days. These are the beautiful days.
What to make of such a claim? We’ve all heard it, some of us shouting, “Yeah, tell it like it is, baby!” and others saying, “Hey, that seems kinda arrogant”. But what is actually the case? Is it, as some would like to think, that only Catholics may be saved, or can non-Catholics be cut some slack?
It sounds like a good idea: document a single day on earth (July 24, 2010) by getting people all around the world to send in clips. A team led by Kevin Macdonald (who’s given the title of ‘director’ for some reason) sifted through 81,000 contributions to create a film that’s, um, halfway between a documentary and a highlights reel.
nothing can surpass it.
Pacific Gas and Electric Completes 5.4% Senior Notes Offering For $550 Million 19
Stamps = Vintage Vogue, My Friend, and Verve
They were my reward for 10lbs lost. Yeah me!
Over the years, scientists and researchers have been striving to find the connection between triggers of violence and societal violence. The argument between researchers, who say that human behaviour is acquired from our social environment is not about the facts of how humans do behave. Aggressive behaviour, greediness and anarchism are features of life today. The question is not whether they exist or not but what causes them.
We ordered a pepperoni pizza and watched a movie. I remember it was snowing and very cold outside. I slipped into my gold lame Bob Mackie teddy with the matching robe and sat around looking glamorous for a while we drank champagne and watched the snow fall and waited for our pizza.
It is seriously unfortunate that the route you have taken, from day one of your tenure as Minister of Education is to antagonise teachers and exclude them from the decision-making process on matters that directly impact on them….but carry on smartly Tim….I done seeing the end of your reign.
The greatest accomplishment is not in NEVER falling, but in rising again after you fall. (Vince Lombardi)
It also comes in different colors, such as pink, white, black, and teal with brown.
Christmas teddy
Hope everything is good for you!
I’m sure some people are worried that this ending confirms their fear that Sookie will end up with Sam. It’s easy to assume that since love was what activated the magic in the cluviel dor, that Sookie loves Sam.That the whole “he’s my boss” thing just always held her back, but now that they are partners in the bar and the power between them has shifted and is more equal, she’ll be more open to a romantic relationship with him. Which is possible, I guess, but I don’t see it happening.
Dad: *gets angry* Don’t be so ridiculous! You’re overreacting. This is much harder for me and mum than it is for you.
She is all excited about using it...I had to hot glue a lining that I made out of fabric in it. All I can say is my fingers think I have no right to get near a glue gun. It was as bad as my sanding with the dremmel.
I might be the worst blogger ever....
2 weeks later I saw him and his legs and hands were all bandaged up and he had two walking sticks. I felt so sorry for that man. He was so sad. He knew he was old and that he couldn’t support his family if he went back to Pakistan. He said it would be better to kill himself here to show people his bad situation. I haven’t seen him again after that.
Seen in that light, this architectural gesture could be characterized as a simple metaphor, an experiment of space that is founded on the coexistence between these two elements: the soaring and the grounded.
So, over the past few weeks I have spent time talking to friends about ideas for plot, setting, and characters. I have spoken with my friend Chad (Mr. Pro-Writer) about how to really write a sitcom and taken his advice in reading scripts and studying the types of shows I want to model mine after. I try to help him out then by giving him ad ideas, but I am not as creative as I thought when it's not "in the moment." I have talked with Chad about how to start writing... It's definitely harder than I thought. I have a lot of big ideas, but don't know how to funnel them into a cohesive script...
JANET MCTEER (TUMBLEWEEDS)
Reina
Curt Leskanic - 5 votes = 4 points
So McLeod, apparently, became mortal for some reason after the events of the first movie and before the whole “shield” debacle started. He is living out his days as a crusty old man with just about the silliest old-man voice imaginable. I don’t really have a sound clip, but seriously, just picture the goofiest old man you ever heard in a Nickelodeon cartoon – McLeod is worse. It’s a really bad sign when I can’t take the MAIN CHARACTER OF YOUR MOVIE seriously for even one damn second.
I happened upon him on my way to the caves where Ramana sat for many years and where today the holy one's continue to explore realms beyond pleasure and pain.
‘Watch where you’re going next time, just watch, will you? Stupid woman,’ he grumbled as he lumbered away, muttering under his breath as he went.
Some jurisdictions require court interpreters to abide by an official code of conductthat reflects not only the skills required of an interpreter, but also guidelines for how they are expected to act, dress and communicate in court. Although the codes may differ slightly, the core principles are the same — respect the court, act professionally and be punctual and prepared.
I've been up to a little bit of everything today so far... such as mulching my front garden, which I expanded a little bit this year to add a hydrangea and some annuals. I even cleared it with my HOA, which is a first for me (I'm such a rule-breaker!)
Ah, there it is, you think.
Well, I've had a break and left you all in peace over the Christmas & new year period for a few weeks. Now it's time to review the main stuff at Vegas's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) this year. Even though Apple doesn't attend CES, yet again this year most of the talk seemed to be dominated by one of their products and this time it wasn't phones but tablets. It's not as if they haven't appeared at CES before; in fact there have been concepts and vapourware from lots of companies over many years. However this year everyone it seems was trying to come up with the "iPad killer". So how did they do?
Not surprisingly, this meant that a borse was not the most practical sort of animal to use to pull a plough, displaying an annoying tendency to reel off to the left at the slightest notice. But although there were several other, far more suitable creatures, such as the powerful jingloo, the extraordinarily endurable truffelong and the seldom seen but much discussed diperagoff, none of these had ever been considered as an alternative. The Kertoobis were determined to stick to their borses, even if that meant ploughing a field was a constant battle to keep the wayward beasts going in anything vaguely resembling a straight line. That was just the way thing were done in Lower Kertoob, and once you got used to it, it really wasn’t such a difficult thing to manage. Unless, that is, you happened to be Magnus Mandalora on that particular Tuesday afternoon.
I will be entering this card into the following challenges
All I can say Mr Peters is this.
- Is the school recognized internationally?
ttfn xx vicki xx
Initially the company denied the reports but then said it had requested documents from the Stasi archive.
S: Good advice Nyoka, we shall make a real effort on that in future years. So what about the bird community?
“I’m an NQ lawyer suffering a minor spiritual crisis. I am quite enjoying the work so far, but my problem is that I look around the office at the partners, all of whom are perfectly pleasant, but rather dull and grey, and think: ‘That’s me in 15-20 years’.
so went to re today for bw and us. the us looked great and would either stim one more nite or trigger. the nurse called this afternoon with my instructions.
Yes it is a time to celebrate. It has long been a goal of mine to be completely off grid financially if not socially at least. We certainly wouldn't be at this happy spot if it hadn't been for the Mrs'. liquid assets from her inheritance. Now Mrs. PP is having nightmares about the reduction of our liquid assets though she isn't happy unless we have at least six months worth of wages in available savings. My stance was that a sum of money of that size was much better used by being invested in a free and clear property title than sitting in the bank drawing no interest and loosing value daily. At least a property title in arable farm land not necessarily a house in town type of real estate. Even wooded acreage retains it's value better than housing right now.
That presents the mature comprehension
Lilly watches television and gets ready for Roy to visit. She gets a call from "Irv" who tells her "Someone blew you out with Bobo. The car full of money, he's...Lilly? Lilly? Bobo knows about all the money in the car, the money you stole from him..." Lilly has already left the place not even finishing getting dressed or hanging up the phone. She drives away and we see that Myra was watching across the street in a car and now follows Lilly. Immediately afterwards, two thugs show up and check out Lilly's place, leaving when they don't find her. They mention she's in a black and gold Cadillac and take off. Roy shows up when they leave and finds nobody home.
The article points out along the way how casting directors Paul Schnee and Kerry Barden found six key actors. After the production was completed and the film edited they hired various people from publicist Laura Kim to producer rep Josh Braun to guide them as they prepared to sell the film. They made a deal with Roadhouse Attractions even before the film was shown at Sundance or picked up its awards.
12. No Grills will be allowed.
Hello and thank you very much for this interview and your rating in the review of "Sounds of Disembowelment".
302 Beaches is still taking Business listings for inclusion in the guide. Basic listings are free and include business name, address, phone number, one category listing (ie: dining), and a generated map of your location. Premier listings are just $50 per year and include all of the Basic Listing information plus business website, business logo, all links to social media outlets, listings in up to 3 categories (ie: dining (Italian), dining (pizza), nightlife), hours of operation, company bio, the ability to generate coupons and for restaurants the ability to upload menus. Questions can be emailed to info@302beaches.com.
Thank you to everyone for taking part in the quiz yesterday! As its creator, I admit the results might have been slightly skewed -- and by slightly, I mean there was only one possible outcome: romantic comedy! So I do look forward to seeing Alex Cavanaugh and Matthew Rush embrace their new genre with passion.
"Why can't I get married?" I ask.
tunny on the tines of my trident lust,
This to me looks like one of the most promising of the new London set ups, which are, to be frank, a mixed bag. The brewer knows what he is doing, he is tapping into a niche, his imagery is great and above all the beers will appeal to a certain geeky audience though I am sure there will be wider appeal too. This has all the the hallmarks of success and I confidently predict a bright future.
Send special things to Lill
When he arrived back, he was told that his father Nemango had died and that another tribe had taken the chieftainship. That tribe was not related to Nemango. When he heard about this he prepared to fight against that tribe. Other men from Nemango families joined Tingini and they fought against that tribe. Tingini won the battle and he took the chieftainship. He taught his people to make hoes, spears and axes from iron and he taught them how to plough well and the people were well satisfied. He sometimes sent his servants to other countries to sell hoes, axes and spears. They increased in numbers and their country became too small. They had many cattle, sheep and goats.
SHALOM AUSLANDER (Hope: A Tragedy)
“*BAM!* Here I am! This is who I am. This is what I do. This is why I do it. So just deal with it and write me in!”
Much plotting ensued and a cunning plan was decided on !
Yet it is clear that Mr Masing, who poses as a democratically elected YB, thinks he can continue to bully the ‘ignorant’ rural folk.
At least we can get one thing clear. Wallace's admission (and I thank him for his honesty) means that we can finally stop pretending that any one news organization is simply reporting the unvarnished "facts". Maybe it would help if "news" programs would keep opinion and propaganda to a special segment:
Instructions for use are also included with the file.
And all of this is great training, honestly. There's something to be said for being self-motivated and able to do your job under any circumstances. And developing a habit of politeness is not a bad thing either.
and since this photo is a 'fall' photo, I went straight to the 'Hello Fall'
eBay.
When I was twelve. I loved my Summers.
"Hi," I said, groping for something to say. The adrenaline pumping through my system, I had to force my fists down. "Lovely weather, don't you think?"
The Game Defined
Sounds like: If the girl in 500 Days of Summer had had a band then this is what it’d sound li- oh, wait. Basically, a less lyrically interesting, more syrupy country version of Slow Club.
Metal might not be your music of choice, but I bet you would be hard pressed to find a man or moody teenager who wouldn’t think you were the patron saint of the kitchen if you whipped up one of Kathy’s recipes for their next birthday. Not only has she found a way to combine two of her interests, she’s done so in a creative, never-seen-before way. I applaud Kathy for taking the normally frilly, pink personality of the cupcake and morphing it into a guitar lovin’, head bangin’ rock star. Change never hurt anyone, and it’s about time the cupcake had a bit of a butch makeover.
We've just had two weeks off school here for the Easter holidays, during which, I went on a trip to Peterborough for the day and ended up in Peterborough Cathedral, stood before the grave of Katherine of Aragon. A few days later (and a long story!), I was also in the presence of the burial place of Oliver Cromwell's head, and the last surviving person to have seen it. Within history, it's always been the English monarchy in particular which has fascinated me, so I started to wonder how I could bring this into my design work.
Hay(na)ku
13. Chain 4, 1 treble crochet in same stitch as chain 4, chain 2 and 2 treble crochet in same stitch again to form cluster. *Skip 4 stitches, cluster (2 treble crochet, chain 2, 2 treble crochet) in next stitch, skip 3 stitches, cluster in next stitch*, repeat this until you have 27 clusters, for the next 12 clusters skip 3 stitches between each cluster, join to top of beginning chain 4. (39 clusters)
I'll try to keep this updated as I discover and learn more. *updated 12/20/11*
But a month on strike.. for a service my clients rely on for all their outings (bus services) -- it gets extremely frustrating.
Wish the camera could capture the ultra brightness and sparkle of all the bling & shiny paper.
Call me excessively Afrikaans, but this reeks of the utmost hypocrisy and bias against Afrikaners on the part of the local and international media.
One of the Jena Six students has been released on bail prior to his trial as a juvenile. Plus One
How then can one interpret why the PM and his erstwhile AG are not yet in jail? The first for tipping off a bandit to flee as the police were about to close in and the second for knowing (his words, not mine) that he knows where said bandit is, but cannot divulge the information on a “private citizen”. Now I’m no lawyer but the first sounds like aiding and abetting and the second harbouring…
Spaces are limited to provide the maximum amount of tutor time for feedback and guidance. To enrol phone 01634 338400.
fabulous projects.
Saltsman’s analysis, which was released on July 8, ranked the 20 states with the highest average teen unemployment through May 2011: the first column shows the actual teen unemployment rate over the teen labor force; the second column reflects the number of discouraged teen workers added to the unemployment rate (also compiled from Census Bureau data).
Carrie Ann loved it, but said they didn’t’ need the kiss. Len said Maria’s talent was revealed, which he called fantastic. Bruno called it saucy and hot.
I'm in upstate New York, about two hours north of the city right now, and it's pretty fucking hot, actually. The city, where I was earlier, was truly astonishing. But you know, we're grownups, we have air conditioning in our apartments now, you go outside, you get a little Southern, you walk a little slower, you drink water, you try not to whine too much.
3. The French toast she made every Sunday morning.
home with my son. I know that it's not going to last long enough so I'm trying to enjoy it even more.. I love standing with him in front of the window watching the snow. He's begging me to take a sip or two of my favorite cocoa drink.. Well.. the weekend is almost here and the weather is cold so I think this is the perfect timing for sharing this recipe. Go ahead and feel the warmth..!
361 *3. “T“The Forms of Our Knowing: A Somewhat Socratic Introduction.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, January 9, 2003, p. 8, January 16, 2003, p. 8, January 23, 2003, p. 8. (Source: Item C-2002 (2), above.)
dark lager,” Bill confirmed when I asked about the beer’s origins, “but with this two-step Mother Nature intervention, it came out more like a Czech dark lager.” It was quite a change, too; Bill looked back in the brewing records while we were talking, and while Dark Lager was usually around 5%, back in 2009 it went up to 5.7%...which is more where I think Ron originally wanted the beer.
Getting away from Dublin was so nice. Sometimes it is exactly what is needed. The scenery on the west coast is fantastic, even though the roads were often so narrow that there was no place to stop and take a picture. A useful advice to visitors… don’t get a big car when visiting. Trust me.
Fear and distrust. There is no end to wealth and a socialist cap on sequestration of assets or maximum asset will end this problem immediately. Socialism can solve many problems, while uncontrolled Capitalism destroys a nation becomes an end to itself.
Shape a piece of your conditioned clay into a piece approximately the size and shape as your mold, but slightly thicker than the mold is deep. When you put the piece in the mold it will bulge out of the opening a little. Taking a flat-ended object, gently push the clay into the mold. You are trying to make sure that the clay is forced into all of the recesses in the mold. You can leave the surface textured if you like, or trim off top with a clay scraper and smooth the clay. Place in freezer for about 5-10 minutes, then un-mold by gently flexing the edges and putting light pressure on the bottom of the mold.
I was walking to receive communion, with my peg leg dragging, singing "Take up your Cross, the Savior said, if you would be my disciple..." and I felt such peace.
1) Don’t panic; your high blood pressure may be secondary to excitement, stress, pain or another reaction completely unrelated to the health of your arteries; and it likely will normalize on its own.
~ looking just so while poolside ~
This paints a bad picture of 18-year-old me, doesn’t it? Sometimes I don’t like that kid. And he reminds me a bit—maybe a lot—of the protagonist in Urban Twirl, a minute-long Canadian silent, created by Newfoundland and Labrador-based filmmaker, Martine Blue. All this young woman wants to do is hula-hoop in peace; but the Newfoundland wharf on which she’s camped is too bustling. Her observers, in their own ways, wonder why she’s doing it, and she, in her own way, hates them for it. Embedded here are issues of acceptance and intolerance, the worst of which seems to boil out from her.
Many of you have been providing an ongoing record of events as they unfold in the nest box and people have been asking many questions relating to the birds’ health, habits and environment. Please bear with us, we publish comments to the blog as quickly as possible, but obviously can’t respond directly to each and every one that comes through.
The risk with some traditional Dolomite dishes is that they can be a bit heavy and for want of a better word “mountain-like”. Franz’s potato Canederli in place of the usual bread based dumpling was a genius idea as it made for a much lighter primo and made sure we still had room for our Ossobucho. The flourish of flowers and delicate sauces take each dish from the benign to the divine and by the end of the meal we are are literally over-dosing in flavours.
YANGON, March 14 (Xinhua) — Myanmar and Vietnam vowed to step up mutual cooperation in the sectors of agriculture, livestock, trade, investment, communications and transport.
This is yet another novel this year with no real plot. Another book whose short chapters could almost be read as separate short stories. Another book that makes a virtue of brevity. Another brilliant book that knows that sometimes the most important thing you might do in the day is simply look out the window.
Wendy’s part is just another highlight in an idea that has taken off. People have been giving more dresses thanks to the spot done by our local newspaper, The Vindicator. And, they’ve done another with responses from a couple of the recipients. Check it out on their website: http://www.vindy.com/news/2012/apr/15/excitement-reigns-as-girls-choose-free-p/
The rationale – you’ll never guess – is economies of scale, but Deutsche’s been ratcheting this up along the way. On 12th September it forecast $545M of cost savings. But that clearly didn’t look big enough to some commentators, so two days later it was a billion-dollar saving. Somebody must’ve worked through the night digging up those extra cuts, and I’m sure DB and NYSE are very grateful to that person.
Rice - 2 and 1/2 cups , cooked and cooled
Brown Rice
Been thinking about this SS over the last 3 days; and how to word it in what I want to say… with what I feel the lesson is that He has taught me recently.
Andrew: Money & Time. Whenever I pour myself into playing & promoting music I run out of money and have to go back to freelancing – I’m on a constant see saw.
When basketballer Ron Artest decided to change his name to Metta World Peace – for no discernible reason other than simply because he wanted to – it was met with a collective roll of the Internet’s eyes.
All my life I've had the most gentle, attentive parents a kid could ask for, yet I can't say that I had an easy childhood. The tragedies of my family began long before I was thought of, before my mother was even old enough to think of me. It's easy for someone from a privileged background to believe they can create their reality with positive thoughts. But apart from being white and having loving parents, I come from no kind of privilege. I come from a family with a long history of poverty, divorce, mental illness, early death, and an inherited tendency toward anxiety, shyness, and a dysthymic sort of ennui. I come from a grandmother who once walked into a hotel just to knock the lights out, and a grandfather who once shot a phone because it kept ringing. These stories are funny, as I tell them at parties, but they speak of an instability that runs through my genes as surely as shortness and dark wavy hair. Throw in my uncle's death at 20 in a car he wasn't driving, and my mother's schizophrenia and teenage struggle with what was probably Reye syndrome, and you've got a pretty bleak picture. And this is only the story up to the 70s. Once I came along you can throw in my dad's absence and the subsequent food stamps and welfare checks, my grandfather's death when I was eight, my grandmother's refusal to leave her bed except to do chores and drive me places, and her eventual death when I was 17.
The word secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society, and we are as a people, inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, secret oaths and secret proceedings. For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy, that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence. It depends on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion instead of elections, on intimidation instead of free choice. It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific, and political operations. Its preparations are concealed, not published, its mistakes are buried, not headlined, and its dissenters are silenced, not praised, no expenditure is questioned, no secret revealed… I am asking your help in the tremendous task of informing and alerting the American people.”
Fifth card is recent past, usually the last 6 months or so. It can also show what is happening now or about to come into being. Another cups! You are the relationship girl today! Knight of cups. The knight is riding a horse and he is approaching a small creek. The water is calm, but it shows a journey . The journey was peaceful and much was learned, but you have not gone through it all yet. Keep going on paths that feel right to you
I am a step beyond terrified right now. I don’t want to ever live through that again.
I called my adoption father who was by then talking to me again. I asked him about the adoption and asked him about all the details that he had. He gave me all the info he had plus the name of the doctor involved .I got this doctors number and dialled him a soon as I could. I got him soon enough on the phone and explained to him who I was . He listened and was very nice but he said that it was a closed adoption and that he couldn’t give me any info. He could however send me my medical birth records. I guess that was better than nothing. He also gave me an address of an agencie who could help me with my search.
8. dressing like a crazy person
Before the ten minute mark of Macabre, Bernice Stegers removes her clothing. I said to myself, “Oh, how nice of her. On film and everything.” I would soon eat those words.
Never more than I can handle. Thank you xoxoxoxo
Happy Holidays to you, and I hope your season is filled with joy!! Oh, and I have some nursery posts coming soon! I think I've got a plan - now I've just got to put it into action :)
An Exceptional Reading Experience With Kindle
-Turn off the heat and add the cilantro, leaving 1 tbsp of it aside. Stir to combine.
“Imagination is vital to explore in depth the potential alternatives or the possible scenarios”
The Salesperson was not trustworthy.
Thank you so much, Ali, Noah, and Hayden! We love it! This would be a great summer rainy day project, too! Smart Bottom Kids has all sorts of fun projects like that...
As directed, I split the trotters lengthwise. That's where the fun began. Of course, I am lying. It was not fun. Not at all. It took forever and a day to do, I used every curse word I've ever learned in every language I've ever spoken, and I debated going to Lowe's to buy an industrial table saw. I gots no skillz, yo.
Is there a story behind your band? In 2007, when Jenny was just 14 years old, she saw “some really great musicians on YouTube”. From that point forward, her mission was to be like the people she saw performing online! She explained, “I admired their guitar skills. Even though I enjoyed it, I knew I couldn’t sing but playing guitar is something you can learn”. She would sit in her room singing along to her guitar. Her father heard her singing and told her she should “stop that and go on as a guitarplayer”. From there, Jenny says “That awakened my ambition to show him that I can if I just practice enough, you can call it some kind of pubertal rebellion. And I uploaded my first video on YouTube.”
I used Claire Shaeffer's technique explained in Couture Sewing Technique (page 91) to make this test hand buttonhole.
Quick bye from me, Jamie. We were a real close family, tho many of us never met. Love to y'all. And God Bless
In this last Creating Cafe show, you will be presented with Barbara’s perceptions of the current transitions in her life. Through Barbara’s sharing, you may begin to gain insights on how you handle the transitions that occur in your life. No one is immune from transition – it is only in the engaging in the transition that be can easily begin to understand what many of our beliefs and fears. And isn’t that what the earth experience is all about…evolution and growth with as little stress as possible?
Overkill - Sonic Reducer
1:42 a.m. GMT: More gunfire coming from the northeast, lasting less than a minute.
Jabbing his fist in the air, Johnson added, "He was talking about union rights. We must torque on that arc! We've got to bend it down!"
I didn't realize I was lecturing until I saw that look. You know the eyes glaze over and she's looking right through me oblivious to the words spilling out of my mouth.
Overall, I liked the story. The characters were interesting, Casey just couldn't seem to keep herself in the right time period, and she's always getting into some sort of trouble in the 1860's. The conflict with Nate was awesome. I definitely enjoyed watching him evolve from cute-jock to genuinely-nice-guy. I didn't think all the family-drama was necessary, however. I would have liked to see some deeper conflict regarding the time-travel thing rather than read about her brother's rebellion problems.
Reportedly, Mr. Sendak wasn't happy with his illustrations for this volume (he later inscribed one copy of the book with the phrase, "My first + worst") and it clearly is the work of a young artist -- a little primitive, a little messy and unpolished, but also bursting with enthusiasm, talent, and unfettered creativity.
Rewrites are scratching the paint, and revealing a bright new novel, more powerful than it could've been sitting across genre, aimlessly searching its themes and purpose.
17. Gutterballs. While there are two dream sequences in the film, this is by far the best as a drugged Dude dreams of teaching Maude how to bowl while a chorus line of beautiful women engage in a Busby Berkeley style dance sequence all scored to “Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)” by Kenny Rogers during his psychedelic period. Oh yeah, and Saddam Hussein gives The Dude bowling shoes and the dream ends with him being chased by the nihilists wielding huge scissors in a sequence that Freud would have a field day with.
Now, let's take this on:
The title and chorus of his first single, “We Take Care of Our Own,” sounds optimistic and utterly patriotic – just what we need in this shaky climate of war, recession, and uncertainty. Right? No. Bruce is never that simplistic.
CLEAN! CLEAN! CLEAN! Motherfucker. What a way to end a tryst.
Festivals may be proliferating, but big festivals in particular are increasingly looking the same. They’re more and more like Formula 1 or tennis – the same people flying into hotels, giving the same talk and moving on. That was one reason I started Not the Oxford Literary Festival, which this year celebrated its third outing bigger and better than ever – celebrating local authors, self-publishers, politically engaged writing and spoken – the things that the city’s other festival wouldn’t look at.
Last night I went to a talk by author Tim O’Brien for work, he was set to discuss The Things They Carried and due to the unwritten “no leisurely reading during the semester” rule I hadn’t read it. Nevertheless, I went and *sigh* there are just no coincidences in life, I was supposed to be there.
Anybody can climb the pyramid and get to the top if they are good enough and determined enough – instead of an inbred family group controlling it.
Skills: Fighting-d8, Intimidation-d8, Notice-d8, Throwing-d6, Psionics-d8
When I mentioned my anxiety about getting up in front of the congregation to my parents, my Dad said, "Bulls**t, get your *ss up there and do it."
Which makes me think advertising is an industry where about a hundred deeply uncreative people sit in an airless meeting room insisting that they know what should be in their ad (which after all, they're paying for right?), overwhelm the account handlers with a combination of weight of numbers and sheer obdurate bloody-mindedness so that Jeremy Craigen has to wave through a lame headline ad with a look of mingled regret and resignation that seems to speak volumes about the state of our industry as a whole, but might just as well be his hangover.
And true enough, I found these:
If say, you were a single woman, and the inspector saw a man's shirt in your home, your claim for rent payment would be disallowed, as it would be deemed evidence you were cohabiting with a man, and therefore he could pay your rent.
My contribution to the shower is a gift for Kelly. She's a super styling lady and every new mom deserves a little decadence, even if it is in the form of a diaper tote. Celerie Kemble's Bedazzle fabric seemed like the perfect choice so I pulled out the sewing machine and set to work.
Assorted Flat Back Pearls
How little indeed do we worship God in spirit and in truth; at our very best moments, how cold and dull we feel towards our blessed Redeemer, how willing to allow any excuse for shortening our prayers and diminishing our communion with our Father who is in heaven. But those who stand before the throne of God shall feel no fatigue, they will require no rest, they will count it their highest privilege to be continually singing the song of Moses and the Lamb, and saying, “Blessing, and honor, and glory, and power, be unto Him who sits on the throne, and unto the Lamb forever and ever!”
Scott and I thought the next day that without the third member of our Black Eyed Peas look-a-like group, people wouldn’t pay attention to us anymore. But, at every site we went to, more people came up to us to take pictures.
May you know the mark
6. Is your hair colored, or is it natural? Definitely colored; it’s my natural color, just without the sparklers.
Afterwards, Ruth Chatterton gave a smart party for Miss Cornell at her beautiful house in Beverly Hills. Stepping back from the buffet with a plate in my hand, I bumped into someone who stood, hard and unyielding, behind me. I turned in surprise; it was Sidney Howard, looking straight in my eyes, a few inches away. He said, 'I seem always to be in your way, Brian!' For an instant we looked at each other, and then I said, 'I am sorry, Sidney,' and moved away. I never saw him again. He remarried and died tragically, crushed by a tractor against the wall of his barn in Massachusetts.
to hurl at stars
and go as they please, one day
Other MWC updates:
Returning to Rio, Muniz goes exactly where one might expect an artist looking for garbage to go, the aforementioned Jardim Gramacho. Here we meet the pickers, or catadores, the men and women who make a living sifting through this city of refuse in order to glean valuable recyclables, and reclaim them, all for the equivalent of about $20 a day. It turns out that the wretched refuse of the world, who make their living out of what others reject, are anything but. The pickers do more that just find value where others see trash, they build an entire community out of it. This is, it turns out, not just a great story about how these people take care of the environment, but also how they take care of each other, how they build a real community out of other's waste.
If someone you know is anxious, it’s important to understand that anxiety is not necessarily related to the actual size of challenges they face. I’m a pretty calm person, especially in emergencies. I’ve been in life-threatening situations before and not felt extreme anxiety (a little adrenalin rush, sure). For example, I once had an entire car bumper bar come flying at me at speed, narrowly missing me. I have witnessed a person dying from a terrible injury (yes, I was upset by it – but that was a natural response and I recovered fast). I choose to ride horses as a hobby. It’s a reasonably high-risk activity, more so than motorcycling in terms of injuries per hour of activity.
Kris Wines is the second best beer shop in London, but the number one, the Utobeer stall, is only available during the limited Borough Market hours. On contrast, Kris is available even in late, post-meeting hours.
5 following
swim around
Quin - we are brown and you are white
3. Mix together 2 cups of mozzarella with the Parmesan, Pecorino, cottage cheese, and tofu. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.
How was that done? You learned that you were a sinner, without hope. You sensed the need when someone led you to Jesus Christ. As Saul was led, so were you.
Then I was asked my opinion of several public figures, some of them elected officials, some not. My parentheticals were not part of the call
Okay, I understand that part of the government's job is to protect the public, and to protect public land. I get that.
Lieutenant Colonel Hank Keirsey (who's consulted for previous COD titles) contributed to making sure the Vietnam War sequences feel accurate;
If there's someone in your living room and you don't want him there, you just ask him to leave; first politely, then firmly, then violently. You don't have to give a reason, or allow him to appeal your decision to another house further down the street. You want him gone, he must go.
We have counted all the votes and the entry with the most votes which has won The Sweetness Compeition is
But an article grabbed me yesterday like few before.
After the crackdown its organizers were forced to holding one-off events but are now hoping to use May 1 as a way of putting themselves back in the limelight.
Some years ago, one of my predecessors traveled across the country pushing for the same concept. He gave a speech where he talked about a letter he had received from a wealthy executive who paid lower tax rates than his secretary, and wanted to come to Washington and tell Congress why that was wrong. So this president gave another speech where he said it was “crazy”—that’s a quote—that certain tax loopholes make it possible for multimillionaires to pay nothing, while a bus driver was paying 10 percent of his salary. That wild-eyed, socialist, tax-hiking class warrior was Ronald Reagan.
Until recently, the caja banking system was virtually unregulated. Yes, you read that correctly, until about 2010-2011 there were next no regulations for these banks (which account for 50% of all Spanish deposits). They didn’t have to reveal their loan to value ratios, the quality of collateral they took for making loans… or anything for that matter.
As Summer is ad-mist it time to bring out the white again.
Solving the mystery about the murder case of the crown princess will be the main story of SBS TV’s drama series Rooftop Prince towards the end.
In O’Neill v. Weber,[FOOTNOTE 11] defendant served plaintiff with a notice to admit, with each proffered admission relating to plaintiff’s use of social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter. The court struck the notice on the grounds that, among other things, a notice to admit is not to substitute for other discovery vehicles, such as depositions and interrogatories, and where the information sought by defendant concerning plaintiff’s use of social media was available through other means.
Though the connection with the main character is what caused me to be interested in the book, the ultimate story, and plot development/twists & turns is what kept me turning the pages. The last 20 pages were especially tense, as a few late developing plot twists (in my mind-perhaps I'm just daft..) really caught my attention.
I recommend that all Eurosceptics should visit Alsace, the place is littered with battlefields, it is home to the Maginot Line and even a Nazi concentration camp – yet now thanks to the EU we can drift across the border at will spending the same currency. You see, some things are better than they used to be!
People inherently want to do good, will go to great lengths to help others, but systems are soulless and temper this do-goodness. We need new systems, especially systems that are democratic and put the power in the hands of more people (who are inclined to not abandon others), not fewer people.
Hollande on the other hand has capitalised on France’s problems of going through a "serious crisis" and the fact that slow growth is stalling progress.
De Struise Brouwers Tsjeeses Belgian Christmas 2010
If there are sounds, hear them.
OTTAWA — The Aga Khan’s white building at 199 Sussex Drive “puts Canadian architecture firmly on the world stage,” says the jury for the Governor General’s Medals in Architecture.
Sliced button mushrooms
Check out the story of The Malevolent Banshee available now as an e-book.
Over the last two years (come February, the two-year blogging birthday for Writers' Ally), I've grown as a writer. I've also grown as a blogger, a person. Writers' Ally was created for my publishing aspirations, but also to share my life and experiences through my 20 year marriage and motherhood of just over 18 years.
Benue and Plateau states by
Seating is limited and available on a first-come, first-served basis, beginning at 5:30pm.
~ Frère Roger, de Taizé, Un Avenir de Paix
Have you checked out the fun at the SCACD store blog? The DT has so much fun sharing our creations with you all....but we would LOVE to see the beautiful creations that you make using the EXCLUSIVE SCACD stamps (Sylvia Zet for SCACD, Elisabeth Bell for SCACD, Carmen Medlin for SCACD, and Victoria Case for SCACD). You can share your creations on our
Me: Buddhist not Buddha.
4) "The Practical Aspects of the Bad Influences of Comic Books" by Marvin L. Blumberg, M.D. (1915-1995)
Evan Harris (pictured) has campaigned for some years for the legalisation of assisted suicide through both the British Medical Association and also as a back-bencher in Parliament, but with little success. Interestingly he lost his West Oxford and Abingdon seat in the general election earlier this year on a large swing to a candidate who opposed his views on a number of ethical issues.
‘Yes, clever lad, young Ollie. Chip off the old block, I’d say.’
With 200C – 180C ( 200C for the first 10 minutes, turn it down to 180C), for medium meat(58c), cook for 20 minutes + 20 minutes for each 450grams (1 pound) Example: 3 pound roast will take 20 + 60 = 80 minutes. (dont forget checking the internal temperature 10 minutes be4 the doneness time)
Thank you all again for your wonderful support...
Most of us mastered cursive writing in third grade. Now this skill has been classified as "obsolete". A waste of time. A non -essential subject.
No I did not jump off a plane.
And so was Orion Pictures. This little $13 million science fiction/dystopia/action/religious allegory earned over $53 million, got rave reviews all over the place (even from people who wouldn't necessarily enjoy dystopian futures) and no less a man than Ken Russell proclaimed this film the best of its kind since another robotic humanoid film directed by a foreigner from 1927 (Metropolis).
Bake cake per box instructions in 9' pans, mix sugar, sour cream and 2 cups coconut. Use mixture for filling b/t layers and icing the cake. Sprinkle the remaining coconut as garnish on top. So easy but so yummy!
The American delegation tried to persuade other countries to adopt a more “comprehensive” approach to development and population. By “comprehensive” the American delegation means fewer people. Their emphasis was on “family planning” and access to abortion.
Peach daiquiri tea (Where has this tea been all my life?)
When my dentist poked the tooth and I said, “Don’t,” he arranged for this root canal the very next day telling me I must see Dr. Bradley H. Gettleman of the three endodontists at the Westside Endodontic Professionals, Ltd. practice here in Glendale, Arizona because he was so personable that I would get on very well with him. After a rocky start due to my apprehension at having this procedure at all - I admit it, I was scared – we did get on well.
We made all the classics:
Being, yet creating;
So it’s over to you. What series should I watch next? Are there any UK or US shows that might capture my interest? Please comment below.
And, an extra $5 gift certificate this week which goes to THERESA who guessed correctly that Sassy Cheryl would guess the right answers. Here's what she said... "A big YES for Cheryl.................:)) Thanks for the inspiration ladies, absolutely super!!! lotsa luv". Congratulations to you too, Theresa!
After I sand off the top layer of dirt and stains, I wipe it down with a solution of Murphy's oil soap and water, followed by a mixture of bleach and water.
Papers - Kraft Card & MME Wild Asparagus
My memories are gone
And THEN what? Some words of wisdom? A pertinent - or even impertinent - joke? What about the date - do you put down the date? And don't even get me started on those wretches who can just doodle up a terrific little drawing, right then and there, while being watched with all that adoration ...
Anyway I felt I needed to do a quick check in. Here is a thought that struck me in church this morning: lately I’ve been thinking a lot about this whole concept of sin, and especially the idea of a “sin nature” or Original Sin. Which has a long history in Christianity, but it’s also a tempestuous one, full of debate and doubt.
" I'll take two eggs over easy, toast, a side of bacon and orange juice."
I'm working at learning more about/gaining more skill at a couple of the things I've listed, but not currently earning money at them. I consider writing to be the thing that's most likely to earn money in the near future.
I save the screened compost for adding to new plants the following spring, and the bigger chunks get spread on top of the garden beds. There they sit for another winter, and in the spring I turn it all into the beds and start the whole process over again. Don't worry if not everything breaks down right away. Anything that is still recognizable ends up buried and it finishes composting right there in the garden.
jews and blacks on this happiest of happy
Dr. Bender’s LSD Experiments on Children
Thank god there seem to be an ever increasing amount of lactose free products out there for those of us that simply cannot STOMACH dairy products.
A research team led by Saku Tsuneta, a professor at the observatory, analyzed solar magnetic fields data using Hinode, an observational satellite, and confirmed that the polarity of the magnetic field at the North Pole began to reverse in July last year.
“Every time I think that I’m getting old, and gradually going to the grave, something else happens.”
Hondros and his friend Ravinder Singh, 31, later picked up the victim and her friend from a train station before going to Singh's home in suburban Lalor in September last year.
As you probably expected, I ventured out before the break of dawn for Black Friday. The stores on my list were Lord & Taylor, Anthropologie, LOFT, J. Crew, Banana Republic, Talbots, and Crate and Barrel. The sales at J. Crew and Banana Republic seemed comparable to their typical sales, so I didn't brave the long lines. I did take advantage of the sales at Anthropologie and LOFT to pick up a few gifts. And Lord & Taylor had some wonderful deals on jewelry that will be perfect for BF's mom.
Mailed from somewhere organic & Latin.
John 6:51 "I am the living bread that came down out of heaven; if anyone eats of this bread, he shall live forever; and the bread also which I shall give for the life of the world is My flesh." - Adam and Eve were kept from eating of the tree of life in Genesis 3:22 Then the LORD God said, "Behold, the man has become like one of Us, knowing good and evil; and now, lest he stretch out his hand, and take also from the tree of life, and eat, and live forever "--
"Be back in 5 minutes. Sit! Stay!"
You get caught up in the things and the world.
There are one or two problems with that gloom though- problems which I ably demonstrated by disappearing into a large hole in the pavement midway through a particularly coherent explanation of Nepali politics (on looking back I realise that I may have also demonstrated that Sarah’s prayers can be answered).
This board is changed bi-monthly, each child's name
If any of you don't know (because you've been living under a rock perhaps?) Etsy is Etsy.com. It is probably the coolest site you'll ever find if you exist on a budget and like really cool stuff. I do say stuff on purpose though, because thats what it is, stuff. You cannot simply fit it all in one category. You can find everything from necklaces, throw pillows,and giant oil paintings, to hand made clocks, wedding dresses, and antique furniture. You can get lost for hours on this site and be quite content.
of success
Buddha: The capitalistic society commodify almost literary everything including ourselves and losing the sacred dimension of nature and human being.
(Spit out first two pieces).
03. Stop
Welcome to the new DownUnder Direct Inspiration blog. Here you will find lots of fantastic projects using the wonderful range of products from DownUnder Direct. The DownUnder Direct range includes Bazzill Basics Paper, JustRite Stamps, Spellbinders and Swarovski Crystals.
Debunking the popular view that equates eco-friendliness with cuddly, left-leaning greens, rightwing extremists have even begun to publish their own conservation magazine, which is believed to have the backing of the far-right National Democratic party (NPD). Alongside gardening tips and reports on the dangers of genetically modified milk are articles riddled with rightwing ideology and racial slurs. Bavaria's domestic intelligence agency has described the magazine, Umwelt und Aktiv (Environment and Active), as a "camouflage publication" for the NPD.
Cravings: The past 4 nights I've had a cheese quesadilla with Jack's salsa from Wegmans. It must be Jack's salsa. Seriously the best ever made!
I’m undecided on how to answer this question as its a bit complicated. Yes, my mother has always supported my writing and has saved every award I’ve ever received both as a child and adult. Recognition for my books from Who’s Who and several other notables. The hard one to answer is again, yes, but no when it comes to my husband, Eric. He tells me to “write what you want, with restrictions.” meaning it’s in his best interest if I refrain from writing about his ex-wife or anything to do with that aspect of his life, despite how it’s affected me or how it’s impacted my life including writing fictional books that his ex-wife is convinced are written about her, which could not be further from the truth.
contact info:
I do not know what kind of horse he had, and whether he had a pacer or a trotter. If he owned a Standardbred, here is a little history on them: The name originated because the early trotters (pacers would not come into favor until much later) were required to reach a certain standard for the mile distance in order to be registered as part of the new breed. The mile is still the standard distance covered in nearly every harness race.
1 confidentially
Silver borrows a dress from Ade for Liam’s premiere. Ade tells Silver she’s lucky she has Navid. Silver tells her she may be pregnant from a random hookup, and that she might have feelings for the potential father. Ade tells her she has to tell the dad and make a decision. Meanwhile, Ade connects the dots while she’s driving to the premiere with Liam and figures out that Liam is Silver’s potential baby-daddy. Later, Ade tells Navid she knows about Silver’s possible pregnancy. Navid asks Ade what’s wrong, since she seems off, and she tells him to ask Silver. Liam tells Silver he knows about the potential baby and says it’s a sign that they’re meant to be together. The paparazzi then mistake Silver and Liam for a couple. After Silver leaves to take a phone call, Navid confronts Liam about sleeping with Silver and punches him on the red carpet. Liam and Navid then have a fight and yell about Silver. Silver interrupts to tell them she’s not pregnant. Navid goes back to Silver’s to ice his hand. After Silver won’t say whether or not she has feelings for Liam, Navid leaves.
*Our neighbors, who could just really use some prayers--and I'll just ask the Holy Spirit to use those prayers in whatever ways are necessary!
“This is the way things work,” said Kessler. “It doesn’t have to be something that is carried out right away. It could be carried out six months later. But that’s why you have requirements that they conduct themselves appropriately and when someone wants top-secret clearance, they never get into a compromised position.”
Sheri Holman
Boyd, D. 2012. “danah boyd on social media and privacy”. Youtube Video, posted 28 February. Accessed 29 April, 2012. http://www.rmit.edu.au/browse;ID=pv63qit8mjlk;STATUS=A
Monday, 30 April 2012
You are still eating every 2-3 hours during the day.
Now, do I have any choice but to be a pick-ee? I have the power to pick everyday by adding value to lives, by loving like Christ, and by lavishing grace on others.
We checked back in at around 11:30am, an hour and a half before the festival doors opened, and were given our assignments and a food voucher (good up to $10). A lot of the brewers had already arrived and were demanding ice to keep their kegs cold. The volunteers, after schlepping bags of ice to and from brewers, were broken into smaller teams and told to report to their captain. I was given the title of “monitor” whose main job is to make sure the brewers don’t pour past the 2oz tasting line on the cups and make sure that people behaved themselves. I was in charge of 4 different breweries: Watch City Brewing Company, Mendocino Brewing Company, Oskar Blues Brewery and White Birch Brewing. I promptly introduced myself to the brewers and told them that if they needed anything that I was their man and would maintain order. They thanked me, asked for some more ice and that was pretty much the end of that. My shifts were from 1pm-2:30pm and then again from 3pm-4:30pm. I had two 30 minute breaks where I could do what I want which included using my food voucher on a $6 hot dog, trying different beers and cutting the bathroom line (the perks of being “EVENT STAFF”). The shifts lasted forever and although I enjoyed chatting with attendees and brewers, standing on my feet for that long was exhausting.
When choosing your own colors, try to think about the type of images you like to color the most and choose colors suitable for those images. I love to color nature images, flowers, trees, animals, etc, so choosing pinks, yellows, lavenders and reds that would work for flowers was important to me. I also needed browns for tree trunks, old wooden structures and furry critters. The greens needed to work for leaves and foliage.
Although The Glenrothes Distillery is 134 years old, the Glenrothes brand is only about 20. That’s when London’s Berry Bros. & Rudd, Britain's oldest wine and spirits merchant, first issued a Glenrothes single malt. It was also the first vintage-dated single malt.
Carpetbaggers are politicians who move to another district/city/province, even if they have long resided in another place, just for the purpose of getting elected. Here are recent examples:
Smalls: Are we getting them Zhu Zhu Pets?
Fight or work,
Montreal – Third Wave until you get to 2 kms. from the airport, then maybe half a First Wave to the airport. Come on Montréal, install a 2 kms. bike path from the excellent Lachine Canal route.
How can anyone believe that? Nobody likes it when bugs bite us or our pets, but they also eat our crops and harass valuable livestock. Spiders eat massive amounts of pest insects, keeping populations in check without the use of toxic chemicals. In barns, I understand the need to reduce the accumulation of spiderwebs because the webs are flammable, but spiders should always be left alone in the wild. In fact, I leave them alone in my house.
What exactly about Paragraphs and Reasoning did you not understand, and I would be happy to clarify it for you?
The Media Institute, organized in I972 and funded by corporate-wealthy patrons, sponsors monitoring projects, conferences, and studies of the media. It has focused less heavily on media failings in foreign policy, concentrating more on media portrayals of economic issues and the business community, but its range of interests is broad. The main theme of its sponsored studies and conferences has been the failure of the media to portray business accurately and to give adequate weight to the business point of view, but it underwrites works such as John Corry’s expose of the alleged left-wing bias of the mass media. The chairman of the board of trustees of the institute in I985 was Steven V. Seekins, the top public-relations officer of the American Medical Association; chairman of the National Advisory Council was Herbert Schmertz, of the Mobil Oil Corporation.
Singapore Sling formed in 2000, and quickly garnered attention at Iceland's prestigious Airwaves festival. By last year they'd recorded their debut, The Curse Of Singapore Sling. Released in North America last month, it's a low-fi dronefest featuring five members who play three guitars, bass, the occasional keyboard and drums.
Well that's all from me. A busy day today. Thanks very much for visiting with me. Hope you have a happy & safe Easter break & school hols for those of you with kidlets. Back soon with....I'm not sure yet ;0).
Film producers Lauren Shuler Donner and Richard Donner were the last couple to be honoured on the same day.
10. A favorite quote?
That Friday my mom was getting married back where we live
What works about this recipe is that the spicy crushed red pepper, earthy red onions, fragrant garlic and thyme, and salty pecorino balance the natural sweetness of winter squash. And the result is a deliciously satisfying dish that is a welcome change in the dead of winter.
Absolute least,
Adoption is a wonder and the beauty, and the sacrifice of it is never so clear as on Mother's Day. My new daughter is one-years-old now and she huge is a part of my heart. Her life is a gift to my days and her smile can make even the most dreary afternoon bright. I can honestly say there is no difference in the love I feel between her and my three other children. If anything the love feels even more special because she was an unexpected gift. John and I learned about her life just 2 ½ months prior to her being born. The years of prayers to expand our family were answered quickly and beautifully.
During the next few days I shall either put a bullet through my head or commit something more shattering to myself than death. At any rate I shall be quite a different person. I refuse to be cheated out of my deathbed scene.
Two days after the miscarriage/D&C, and two days before our wedding, I trudged into the office, on my day off, to interview for another two open positions. I felt I did good, however with the pain I was in I just wanted to come in, interview, and go back home to bed.
1 overrun
"The Mystery of Room 666"
Upgrade your thermostat. You don’t need your central air conditioning running all day. You can cycle it on and off and still retain a comfortable working environment. An automated thermostat can take care of that. It also allows you to use less energy while you are away from the house — while still cooling or heating it to a comfortable level before you return.
but now... we can meet sometimes like this... with smiles~~~
The other day, I dropped Addie off at preschool and returned home with a sleeping baby strapped to my chest. The house once again was too still and empty, as I padded from room to room, trying to figure out what to try to get done. And then on her desk I found this...
decided to retire to the southern hemisphere of the brain,
'A Glossary of Bread' is the story of a girI coping with an itinerant childhood and a mysterious but strict and bad-tempered father. The story takes the structure of a dictionary and is built around definitions, drawn from different editions of dictionaries, of the different kinds of bread she encounters as they move around the country. To me this structure is indispensable, essential, and indeed came to me right at the start – it is the story – because it carries in a very concrete way the meaning, ie the idea that situations and indeed meanings which can seem rigid, laid down in stone, are in fact questionable and subject to change. 'Leaf Memory' consists of the splicing of two narratives, the protagonist's first-person memory of being pushed in a pram by her grandmother interwoven with the starker (and italicized) authorized family version of her grandmother's life. As far as I was concerned, this was the only way to tell this story: it was both the way that 'came to me' and it was the way that, when I thought about it editorially, best conveyed the impact of the difference between two dynamic but clashing realities or versions of the truth. In fact, this story – and much of my work generally – is about the fact that the ways in which we tell stories, the modes we use to tell them, can very much affect their meanings.
By Paloma Esquivel, Los Angeles Times
Cleansing and healing can be verified by changes in the iris. By looking for certain signs such as healing lines, iridologists obtain information about previous health problems and injuries and discover what may have gone wrong in the person’s past.
Plus when I told her I wanted to buy a house plant for my sister as a house warming present… she was like “when are you gonna see her? Why buy it now?” Yeah, there was no getting around it.
I am sorry if I ever took your call and even for a moment sounded as if the call was 'just routine' to you. I am sorry that you have to live in fear of whom is calling or texting or knocking on your door. I am sorry that you have so much heartache and pain during the holidays or everyday that sometimes you just want to hide under the covers and pray for calgon to takes you away!
However, i will forever be more careful when walking that fateful hall. I will keep my eyes upward and vigilant, for fear of being the recipient of an unwanted surprise.
Thyme, 1 teaspoon
Something Gary Garrison said in his visit to Boston earlier this year caught my attention: "What are your strengths as a writer?" he asked. "I'll bet you'll have no trouble listing your weaknesses, but what are you good at?"
But it does say,
(ever since the kids came along anyway),
The “D” player will be selling at the rate of only $750K at the start of the third year, making you at least an additional $100K of margin than before, which is still a decent return.
I had only been quilting for about 6 months when I made this queen-sized quilt with a wool batting and backed in absolutely scrumptious (but also quite heavy) Little Folks flannel, and there were some headaches caused by the extensive free-motion quilting (I had thread breakage issues and had to unpick about 2 square feet of quilting, re-do with a different thread...but it all worked out). I wanted the FMQ to feel a bit Klimt-esque. Anyway, I felt an amazing sense of accomplishment when it was done, but as usual it took me a while to see it with a fresh perspective -- and now I really love it.
American Psycho is a crazed psychological descent into a giant black void that is filled with immense entertainment values. You can indulge yourself in Bateman’s over-the-top manic madness, or get completely freaked out by it – or both. Whatever the case, director Mary Harron delivered a massively unique and fascinating adaptation of Bret Easton Ellis’ novel. It gave Christian Bale what was most likely his breakout role. I absolutely love this film, and if that means I’m a bit strange, then I find that to be nothing new. I give American Psycho a perfect score and my strongest recommendation to whoever feels this is for them.
Oh how I love these long days now that the time has returned to its true course. Couldn't ask for better weather this weekend, warm days, cool nights makes for a delightful day and great sleeping when the stars come out. Sis celebrated her birthday this weekend and we did a sisters run around. Started out with lunch at a real New York Trattoria and bakery. Something that is very, very hard to find in the metro Atlanta area. A lovely, 40 minute drive to Alpharetta, GA and we arrive at The Alpine Bakery and Trattoria.
And what's up with that fucking rainbow spinny thing?
Hyde Park
-bunny drop Japanese commercial
I think we're going to try chickens again this year. We're going to use our old tramp frame (the tramp itself melted in the fire) to make a chicken tractor. Last year we had a horrible grasshopper infestation - I mean, they were eating everything in site. We finally put poison down but it didnt' kill them off and you know they laid eggs. Chickens to the rescue. Have I mentioned my dislike of chickens? They are fine in theory but up close and personal- not so much imho. I am so not an animal person.
Whenever I’m sick or I can’t sleep, I read TVTropes. Much like the Internet itself, it is infinite, so there’s no lack of new or interesting things to read about or analyze–I’m particularly fond of alternate interpretations of certain properties. While working my way around TVTropes, I stumbled upon a reference to Plastic Jesus, a novella by Poppy Z. Brite. It sounded interesting–what if a Beatles analogue had affected the course of gay rights? But getting my hands on a copy proved difficult. Physical copies are obtainable at upwards of thirty dollars on Amazon, and my usual thrift stores are nowhere near getting a novella like Plastic Jesus donated. But finally, I found a copy of it available on Barnes & Noble’s website, as an eBook. It was even half off, so I knew it was time to cross it off the list.
I hunt because it is a drive to be in the outdoors. It is a bonding with your fellow hunter that you can't get anywhere else. The joy I get when in the field with my wife and daughter is like no other. It is the satisfaction that my family and I can and will provide for ourselves.
I grasped the rules pretty intuitively (which is not something that usually happens to me), although a second read-through would have made things run a bit smoother at the table. I referenced the rules summary page quite a bit, so I can’t recommend that enough if it is possible (due to complexity of rules, space limitations, etc.).
A whole mix of emotions—from relief and elation to anxiousness about marketing the book. Mostly, I was proud of myself; the hard work had finally paid off.
Thanks for taking the time to read this,
So, I guess what I am saying is that I am now on the look-out for Kindergarten appropriate S.T.E.M. units! If you know of any worthwhile, EASY and inexpensive (or free!) projects that Kindergartners or Pre-K kids can easily do, please pass them along to me by leaving a comment on the blog, or a note on the HeidiSongs Facebook page.
Crumble half of the blue cheese and divide evenly among two slices of bread. Top the cheese covered slices with equal amounts of the caramelized onion and red wine jam. Crumble the remaining blue cheese and place on top of the onion jam. Top each sandwich with one of the remaining slices of bread.
This might be a good time to share with you a necklace I made that I call Opulence in Orange! So it really is not too difficult to work with just one color... when it really is not just one color! Sally also gives some fine examples of monochromatic jewelry designs in her blog posting. Come join the fun.
Its ok though. I'm going to absolutely OWN IT next semester. I will not accept anything lower than a B
the next day, in a fit of lunacy, i went to the tire store in town and got 38 large tires. i cut 34 of them on site as well (i can only fit 18 not-cut tires in the back at a time). i had to take the sidewalls with me ( the recyclers on contract with the tire store will only pick up complete tires) but no matter, there are many uses for sidewalls... but that's a later post ;-)
What sets apart a survivor from someone who perishes? Barring a mortal wound of some kind each one of us has a chance of survival no matter what the circumstance. It might be slim but even if there is a slim chance, there is a chance. And I believe there are three critical components that drastically impact your ability to survive. Foundation, faith, and forgiveness.
in this frozen
Telling lies will not stop Ron Paul’s momentum. People know the corporate media lies and that is why they are tuning out in record numbers.
** delete CANDY ONLY blogs **
Having absolutely nothing--NOTHING--to offer in the way of edible food, The Olive Garden realized that it had only two available strategies to get butts through the door: either open restaurants in areas where people have zero other options, which has served them in very good stead so far (there's a very good reason why New York City has only two Olive Gardens, one of them in Time's Square where all the Kansans hang out), or create commercials so treacle-sweet, grandpas and housewives have no choice but to fall under their spell.
A couple of weeks ago my friend, The Dubliner's beer columnist and native New Yorker Richard Lubell called over bearing some interesting finds from a recent trip home to the Empire State. Would I help him drink them? Well, let me just check the diary...
Alwyn & Leah
A little later, I took Lexi to get a haircut. She'd decided that she wanted it trimmed and I thought it would be a good idea to take her today. You know, break up the day; get out of the house; distract the kids from fighting with each other for a few minutes. So we walk into the shop and Jackson says he wants a haircut too. Jackson just got a haircut less than a week ago! He insisted that he didn't get enough cut and wanted it shorter. Oh yes, I'd love to pay for another haircut because you can't make up your mind.
Sorry we have not been posting since we returned from China. I guess you know we have been busy. Alison is doing fine and we are enjoying every minute of everyday with her. We are getting to know her habits, likes, dislikes, temper, etc... Today, when I walked into the house from work, Alison got a glimpse of me and literally through down the bottle she was working on and held out her arms for me to pick her up. She instantly lit up when she saw my face. It is those little moments that make this whole journey worth it. I look forward to many more.
Great book overall—worth the read.
RFA – PILOT EVALUATION – WOMEN’S HEALTH LEADERSHIP PROGRAM
What she hadn't noticed was the sewn up hole on the purple shirt. On the left, above his heart.
There are no exceptions to this rule. Even a doting mom giving her son money when he is in college expects (hopes?) that her son will get decent grades.
2005 saw Powell get even faster, as he had a spectacular (at that time) series of races in May/June that culminated in a new WR – 9.84 (Kingston), 9.85 (Ostrava), 9.84w (Eugene), 9.77 WR (Athens). This series of races was highlighted by two things. One was a loss to Olympic Champion Justin Gatlin in Eugene which would mark the last time the two would go head to head – and Powell’s last head to head against a top rival outside of a major championship until 2008. And Powell’s first injury in what has become a recurring series of injuries every year since. This one kept him out of the World Championships in Helsinki, as the new WR holder watched as Olympic champion Gatlin added the World title to his resume.
2) Waterfall faucets
A blogger asked me some important questions about my Secretary Desk. She suggested that I was assuming that people would just know on their own what I was doing, and she was right. I'm still learning at this Blog stuff so I have to learn not to assume and be specific. My apologies to everyone. Therefore, I am now correcting myself and giving a tutorial on how I DIY'd my Secretary Desk.
For more fantastic Alphabet Thursday posts go to
Women are pulled in many directions with their families, with work, volunteering, caring for aging parents, etc. that their financial planning falls into last place at the end of the day. If you don’t make it a priority then you will not achieve the goals you’ve mapped out for yourself. If looking at your overall financial picture on a monthly basis is too much, then do it quarterly. Just make sure you keep it a priority.
We are so excited to share all the giveaways!!! Don't forget, you can visit EACH of the DT's Blogs and enter for a chance to win....each week!! Also there will be giveaways on the Crafter's Companion Information AND Challenge blogs going on as well. What does this mean for you...LOTS of opportunities to win, win!!
12/7/09
I had a nosy round the size eights, and while Spanx show up there occasionally, much more often those women need to complete their look with shoes, or bags, or pretty lingerie. So it’s mostly only fat women who have “flaws”, right?
He handed me a bag of candy, and passed one over to Dan as well, who was finally taking interest in the conversation at this point (when candy was involved). Not when I was struggling to keep up a conversation. (After the fact, Dan let me know that it was better he didn’t participate. He would have asked Santa about his cholesterol given all those cookies.)
New Arrivals:
It fails because there's not enough about the main characters to have me connect with them and be enticed to read more. There are 122 words in the paragraphs about the book. You've got room for 100 more easily.
Did I always hate it? Wasn't there a time that I LOVED playing outside in the snow (despite the cold)? I remember the excitement I would feel when I would wake up and see that big blanket of white (clearly that was before my driver's license). I would layer up to the level of Randy from "A Christmas Story", we would build snowmen, snow forts (if the boys were around), make snow angels, and sled. Then we would come inside, drop our gear and half of the yard's worth of snow on the floor by the door and snuggle up with some nice hot chocolate!
Our photoshoots consist of itty bitty girls. They look adorable in baggy T shirts. This also means
Why Organic you ask? Have you ever tasted organic fruit compared to regular? It has so much more flavor. That alone gets my vote. Pesticides are another great reason, did you know that most people who are allergic to strawberries are not allergic to the berry itself but rather they are reacting to the pesticides? That is not the only fruit where that is the case. There are certain fruits that are very important to buy organic because they are covered in pesticides and usually the farmer uses GMO seeds (genetically modified organism) which are not good. Those fruits are grapes, all berries and apples. Fruit with heavy peels like bananas and oranges do not matter as much but even my husband has noticed that organic oranges have more flavor and requests them when I go to Whole Foods.
Hope you like this cute little snowman. I have a feeling he's going right to my favorite's list!!!
"The ones I'm drinking."
Bake at 350F for one hour, or until a cake tester comes out cleanly. We had to leave for swimming lessons and I was a little late getting this in the oven, so at 55 minutes, I turned off the oven and opened the door a crack, hoping for the best when we got back. An hour later, we returned, I took the cake out of the oven, crossed my fingers and turned it out onto the cooling rack. I needn't have worried. The cake came right out of the pan and was fully baked. I wrapped it up (still warm!) and rushed off to our playdate. The cake got rave reviews from the moms and the kids in attendance.
Stair lifts provide people with difficulty moving up and down the stairs ease and comfort. There are different kinds of stair lifts available in the market which can provide solutions to their mobility problem.
A genteel, mannered, sweet state of mind.
Regarded as the best of the King’s Quest titles, this is the best written and thought out of the King’s Quest series. It’s not the first VGA entry, but it does have some incredible artwork, animations, an FMV intro, multiple unique islands to explore, great characters and dialog, and lots of TOUGH AS BALLS puzzles. Since this one also relies on “fantasy logic,” it can be a bit tough at times, but there are also multiple ways to finish the game and certain puzzles that can be solved multiple ways.
I've got another of my new LOTV images inked up tonight and am sharing my card. It's my wedding anniversary later this month and I needed a card that wasn't featuring cute bears ... So I opted for a cute couple of kids instead!!! Hubby doesn't 'do' cute. Unfortunately for him, I do !!!
“…the governments and the authorities in the heavenly places” (Eph. 3:10).
This feels pretty durn close to what I felt like when I was recovering from Lyme Disease in 2006.
"Sure." She stood, waiting for me to taste the drink. I did. I didn't like it.
(the one you are intimidated by, or think would never use) -
“They say they are anti-racist. What they are is anti-white.”
Make sure to leave a comment at the end of this post to be in the running to win a prize. Also be sure to check back in again next month for loads more cool projects and inspiration from us here at X-Press It!!
The contention is that much of this “illegal logging” is carried out by the licence holders themselves who want to maximise their profits on the area and avoid tax.
I will still be blogging here and traveling around to visit your blogs there. And if you would like to, you can still contact me through my email address or on my web form (see upper right-hand corner of this page).
Rainer Zimmer - Bass, Vocals
Names changed to nicknames for privacy reasons.
There is a great lonliness in a
The pleasure is when you take off your wrist watch, and see a band of untanned skin.
The rules are simple~every time you post a comment your name is placed into the garden pot. And, the more you post, the more chances you have to win...I'm feeling generous for being so tardy in my sewing-LOL!
There was a delightful irony in hearing this discussed on a gender-labelled Radio show but it's a real subject and one that greatly interests me. I don't know exactly which titles WHS used to stock under this label but I note that many literary agents use the term to clarify what kinds of books they do, or don't represent.
To invent the new rhythm of new possibilities.
So, please pray that God would make a way for me to go.
Wait a second. Almost everything makes Glenn Beck cry.
-take your after picture
So this is the very end of London Fashion Week for this season and I can tell: This day was exhausting. Maybe because of the fact that it was Sunday and I was awake until approximately 4 am but maybe it was just because of the fact that the whole Somerset House courtyard including half (if not the whole) Somerset House was PACKED with fashion victims and fashionistas/-os from all over the city. I just couldn't believe how full this place could get. Fashion Week was nothing in comparison to the amount of people streaming in and out at this place yesterday. Although I totally enjoyed the amazing weather London's currently blessed with, I must admit that this was by far not what I've been expecting, which led me to a somehow unmotivated mood. I really enjoyed last time's visit to Fashion Weekend (which happened when the event was still based at another location) but this time felt busier than anything else related to a Fashion Week Event. Don't misunderstand me: I love being around cool people, inspiring personalities and show ponies (who actually deserve to show off). But being surrounded by 1000 hipsters, another 1000 self-appointed fashionistas/-os and a cute bunch of English trash chicks mixed up with some ...undefinable weird people (leaving the impression of being on drugs rather than being anything else) made me feel really uncomfortable and just aggressive. I hate being pushed by unpleasant security men and I hate having an argument with uneducated brats telling me where to sit when I obviously held my personal reservation for the second row during the fashion show in my hands. In case you think: "Who the hell she thinks she is?" - well, in fact nobody to feel better but someone who knows how to behave and someone who tries to enjoy an event which is full of such people. My tolerance range has a broad spectrum reaching from super conservative to super crazy (I know.. what a bad definition of these boundaries - there's just no time to philosophize about this now) but when it comes to places being crowded with hysterical people who behave like this is the end of the world just because this is meant to be the event to shop till you drop (it literally is), then I'm getting fed up.
So, here’s to allowing with the intention that my words will soon heal so many more souls than just my own.
Right now I’m loving a biography of Queen Elizabeth I by British historian Anne Somerset. As unlikely as this sounds, it’s a page-turner. (Oddly enough, the image I’ve chosen here is the same one on my book’s cover, from the National Gallery.)
The following accounts, supporting that dinosaurs did not go extinct as first thought, have been recorded within the last 700-4.000 years.
Example: Georgia Tech is playing a game of football. You: “Dear Reggie Ball, Welcome to Dumpsville. Population: you.”
72. Chen revealed as a member EXO through his appearance in the SBS Gayo Daejun, ‘SM Orchestra’.
(This ink drawing is on white paper, but the photo makes it look grey)
I had bought a huge group of My Minds Eye Frames and had just stashed them away. I pulled them out and the colors and prints are just gorgeous. And it's kind of funny how the PTI colors of card stock match almost perfectly.
I know will be there until the very end.
Another blog - I know! No blogging for months and then two in one week. It's amazing how much more beady stuff you can get done when you have a week off work!
In court Wednesday he said understood perfectly that the court was offering life behind bars instead of the death penalty.
Here's my card for the monthly Block Party over at Market Street Stamps. If you have any MSS, you must ink them up for a chance at some goodies or a Guest Design Team spot! Here is what is up for grabs:
"I think there are probably a lot of women on the panel because those are the people who work in the industry. And as with any sort of award you are going to get a lot of griping by people whose taste doesn't match the judges'. Folkies have a great sense of ownership over the scene."
A film-world does not need to follow the limitations of the world, and it can impact this world even if it does not share these limitations. The history of film is full of examples of powerful films that dispense with aspects of the real world. Why not aim to produce affects directly, and structure films around them, rather than only producing them openly when we can justify a link to ‘the real world’? The cinema of affects does not need to imagine it is inside the mind of a mad person to produce a cinema like madness, or to imagine there are time travel machines to produce a cinema like time-travel. For to live in the world today, to hope and dream and remember, is already a form of time travel, a form of madness, it feels like this, and we can think these sensations even without the scaffolding provided by plot devices like madness or time-travel machines. Which is not to denigrate such films, for they are those which speak to us now most powerfully. But we need to learn from these films, and not be limited by the aspects of them which are swiftly seeming out of sync with the needs of the times.
I’d like to say Rogan and I were rushed off our feet servicing a tattooed public that were grateful someone was able to make them look as cool as they wanted to look when they went through all that pain and expense to be permanently marked with ink.
Buddhism
“That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard in my life!” yelled Arik, thoroughly outraged.
“She’s great, but this was unfortunately a financial decision — purely budgetary, because creatively she was terrific,” Kripke said. “I have nothing but great affection for Katie, and she was great for the show. It was a very difficult business decision about the realities we are in.” Though the budget’s the same as last year, the show films in Canada and is suffering from a lousy exchange rate.
“Prime Minister Najib and his government must take full responsibility for the criminal acts against the press.
His plans for our life are perfect. He does not pawn off His plans, nor push; rather He remains patient as He waits for us to pursue the path which He has prepared for us. When we seek our Savior, He is swift to speak softly to the soul of all who call on Him. He is not slow to answer, yet at times, we can be slow to hear, or we delay to actually act on that which we have heard. As we depend on Him, and listen and obey, we are granted the privilege to witness the wonders of our great and glorious King. To take in the beauty of hearts healed and lives restored through the mighty movement of the Magnificent, ought to overwhelm our hearts with awe, and flood our beings with the faith and fortitude to forge forward – wherever He is leading us to go.
Fabric trim- $3
The seeming contradiction in Canadian foreign policy – strident intervention in Libya/Syria while meek non-intervention in Bahrain – can be easily explained. The former represent regimes that Canada and its Western allies want to crush for geopolitical reasons; whereas Bahrain’s regime is a loyal Western ally. Along with other Gulf dictatorships Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain has turned out to lend important Arab support, and thus political cover, for Western intervention in the region. The rhetorical concern from Western powers for human rights and international law in one case but not in another equally deserving case can therefore be seen for what it is: a cynical, disingenuous pretext for self-serving intervention that has got nothing to do with human rights.
