We completed a walk around the village (at Oscar speed) – well the bit that wasn’t under water, and finally ended up at the pub. The Anchor Bleu is a great old pub which is good for beer and food and there is a small terrace overlooking the water (which is good for relaxing with a beer and taking part in the local sport!)
49-51, Jalan Petaling, 55100 Kuala Lumpur
For good measure they also told him that if anyone fell over on his hard-core, then he faced the risk of being sued.
Likewise, my five-inch Carvela heels were a stellar idea upon entering Slattery’s in Rathmines. Three hours of snow and ice later, I was pushing a cab back onto the road in stilettos that were ne’er intended to be crampons.
Amazed, he means, at how relatively little is paid in a world in which there is much more risk than reward.
Alas, I was back here at home, tending to the dog and Things as I normally do. My Love was in Miami on business and Burn Notice happened to be filming in the hotel where she was staying.
But RENT isn'st really a musical about New York. RENT is an odd and specific style of musical about an odd and specific group of people in an odd and specific city during an odd and specific period of time and epidemic. Instead of defining a generation, I think it alienates it. Living in the city doesn't help. If it does define a generation, it's not ours, and no proximity to the location can change that. But I don't think it even defines that generation. In fact, I'd think even the people who lived in the Village during the beginning of the AIDS epidemic would feel alienated, though more by the handling of the subject than the subject matter itself.
My mother is 78-years-old, and for the first time this month, I have felt a hug from her unlike any I’ve ever experienced before. Same goes for my husband. I’ve started receiving hugs from him that not only remind me of how much he loves me, they tell me he doesn’t want to let go.
And what exacerbates a drop in oil production is that it takes many, many years for production to return to pre-war levels - anywhere from 5 to 15 years. So, in a worst case scenario of war with multiple oil producing Islamic nations involved, oil will likely reach devastating highs and stay there for several years before a return to normalcy.
* Japanese Imperialism
stored up all winter: can you imagine—
In all probability, your white-free job must be prosaic and your job description duller. You can't use pen and paper, a telephone, a computer or any office automation; nor can you use a desk, a workbench or any modern tools and machinery.
Names: Rufus
I used some of the big letters for the words "I am" outlined them with a pink paint pen and then used my Copic White for the dots.
- Add the wet mixture to the dry ingredients till moistened. Use the whisk to do so.
Reviewed by Cholla
He cursed him immediately as he believed that a Brahmin cannot suffer so much physical pain. Only a kshatriya (the warrior tribe) can endure so much discomfort. Karna was obliged to disclose his identity. Parshuram was greatly annoyed because he was a sworn enemy of Kshatriyas. He therefore cursed Karna that as he had learnt through deceit, he shall forget the skill which Parshuram had taught him at the crucial juncture.
Jesus said, ‘So, you believe because you’ve seen with your own eyes…’” John 20:24-29a (The Message)
“Not really,” I replied. “I’m just like my mom. The funny thing is I never even saw it coming.”
because I love blogging.
Here's hoping that I can fit in a bunch of digi scrapping over the next few weeks. Maybe I'll get caught up on capturing all those precious memories!.... Well, that's wishful thinking! Maybe I'll just get closer to caught up than I am now!! hehehehe!!!!
* Repeat with the dark colors except use cold water.
Just go ahead, let your hair down.
“That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him; The eyes of your understanding being enlightened.”
The witness, Mr. Burnip, was very fortunate that he was in a location that afforded a good view of the lake. Watbarrow Point is the home a famous local castle so it is not surprising Mr. Burnip and his family were in this area. As the report indicates you can see Waterhead very well from this spot so the witness description of his sightlines is accurate.
"The movie turns on the slightly malicious question, "Who is Kim Novak?" a question which becomes more frightening, and unanswerable, once the secret of her dual identity within the film is revealed. The initial sequences, for all their beauty in summoning up the enchantment of the anima archetype, belong to a familiar-enough theme in psychology and art--the man as victim of seduction. The fall of James Stewart's character Scottie into "acute melancholia complicated by a guilt complex" is what he deserves from biting into this familiar apple. Indeed, the cumulative kitsch elements of the romance--the staginess of the exposition of the preposterous plot; the tourist's view of San Francisco's prettiness in the long, languishing silent sequence; the poor quality of the "museum painting" of the nineteenth-century woman Kim Novak is supposed to be obsessed by; the monotonous unreality Novak brings to the reading of her lines; and the ponderous earnestness of James Stewart as he becomes her victim--all have a wearying effect, much like the depression of coaddiction." - John Beebe (The Anima in Film)
Beer Blokes Gold Medal Beer Dinner at The Terminus Hotel
So, without further ado, My Letter to My Mother.
A debt sustainability report delivered to eurozone finance ministers last week showed that under the main scenario, Greek debt will only fall to 129 percent by 2020. And that, of course, is assuming that the Greek government can deliver the promised cuts, and maintain its tax income – neither of which conditions look capable of being fulfilled.
What really matters, and what no one at this point but Zimmerman knows anything about is what happened after Zimmerman got out of his car. There was a confrontation. It got physical. Zimmerman shot Martin. Police arrived and Zimmerman claimed self-defense. Zimmerman was not arrested.
then put this over the top of the apples
Days I did my morning pages: 7/7
We will be open at 11am, all releases are one per person and on a first come first serve basis.
“Do you remember us laying there that night and you told me…..”
To understand the scope of cachaça in the Brazilian economy, it helps to know that there are an estimated 40,000 distillers making 4,000 different brands of cachaça with total sales $1.1 billion (U.S.) annually, according to the Brazilian Cachaça Institute.
So why the references to colour?
Avengers Alliance hit a million users on Monday, I hear. Salut to the dev team at Playdom! And cue all kinds of thrills on this end...a million people reading stuff I wrote. Agent Irvine is, of course, one of those million. He's Level 24 and kicking ass.
Scrolling through the new arrivals on Tobi.com on my phone after my alarm goes off has become my new favorite way to start the day.
And a real warrior does all of this because a real warrior knows it’s not about who’s right but what’s right.
creating items using at least one up-cycled item .
I love anything and everything coffee-flavored, so I decided to fill my charlotte with alternating layers of coffee chiffon cake and espresso mousse. (I used the same recipe that I used for coffee chiffon cake and coffee chiffon mini cupcakes).
Yesterday someone said that long ago I had decided to be fit and healthy, I’d been making good choices for years. Therefore, somehow I was already in a great place in life. For her, the choices were yet to be made and “great” felt like it was just too far away. So, she didn’t bother. She has been marking time, waiting for a magician to make it all seem easy, better, immediate.
Oh….please….no….
My choice is for my children to know. They have each been given their fathers’ last name (it’s the only way to make a family vine more colourful). It’s their life, which is a part of me, but not mine to live. I will raise them to reach as high as they can, and live their lives to the fullest. I am teaching them to do their best and give it their all. If you didn’t do your best, than how will you know you couldn’t go farther? I insist on honesty, for you must be true to yourself in order to open your life wholeheartedly to others. I will support them the only way I know how, with open arms, annoying words of wisdom and a love that continues to multiply.
After about a week and a half of not sleeping well, I’ve had two nights in a row of solid sleep. Let’s all remember how important sleep is – not only because it does a body good, but also because it helps hold crazy at bay. There’s a diference between not getting enough sleep and not needing sleep. When I don’t get good sleep, and I feel like I don’t need it – that’s when I worry. This has been different… it’s more along the lines of not being able to get comfortable. Or, y’know, entering the third trimester of pregnancy. Either way, sleep has been lovely.
So, inspired by the creatives who are heading up The Orange Brigade, I thought I'd post some images of this vibrant and lovely summer colour, so redolent of Hermés' signature shade. Personally, I've become a paid-up convert to The Tangerine Gang. I bought an orange handbag from Sambag the other day. I tell you, it was love at first handle.
Q: Working with Asano Tadanobu and Tsumabuki Satoshi, were you afraid?
Today I have a card to share that I have made using Gayatri's Inspiration Photo Challenge HERE. As SOON as I saw the inspiration photo I knew how I was going to incorporate the Uniko Studio Time stamp set into this challenge so I could play along!
1 conscientiously
Free Q&A for business owners and professionals each Monday 5 PM Pacific. Call 1 (218) 862-7200 Access 299398 or SKYPE mkayrobinson.
I am notoriously bad at asking for help when I need it, particularly in the face of the mental torture of Bipolar. I guess even after all these years with it I still feel ashamed, as if it’s all my fault. So asking for help comes with swallowing my pride and risking feeling vulnerable and exposed
Wow, 15 months since my last post on here..... well a fair bit has happened in that time frame.
Wife Beating
Whatever happened to Mohamed Bezeid occurred the day before the new President of Tunisia, Moncef Marzouki, arrived in Mauritania on his first official visit. The act of self-immolation by Mohamed Bouazizi in Tunisia on 4 January 2011 is often described as the spark which ignited the uprising there that ousted the former President, and heralded the spread of civil unrest across the Arab world.
- very few appreciation emails sent
Serve with whipped cream and berries.
· Peggy Lee had one of her first hits with the song “Manana”. On her December 1949 visit to Bing’s Chesterfield Show, she made up new Christmas lyrics for it, and sang it with Bing. Again this may be the first collection that includes this track.
This is unfortunate, because—like logic—the scientific method is a powerful resource; like logic, again, there are things it can do better than any other creation of the human mind, and some of those things will be needed badly in the years ahead of us. Between the dumping of excess specializations in a contracting economy, the diminishing returns of scientific research itself, and the spreading popular distrust of science as currently practiced, the likelihood that any significant fraction of today’s institutional science will squeeze through the hard times ahead is minimal at best. What that leaves, it seems to me, is a return to the original roots of science as an amateur pursuit.
Charon after a drink period
As a former science teacher, I have a healthy regard for the difference between facts and bullshit. Consumer research has its value for certain kinds of marketing and strategic issues. When it comes to creative decisions, however, the consumer knows nothing.
The other day I saw this quote:
Through Twitter I have met an amazing international group of educators from around the world who constantly motivate and inspire me to be a better teacher. They have opened up a world of technology which have helped to shape my contact with students and extended it to outside the classroom through sites such as Edmodo. I have learnt hundreds of activities through #eltchat, a weekly conversation which I take part in as often as I can and have many times written summaries for. I am now one of the curators for #eltpics, a resource which I am hugely proud to be a part of (with Victoria, Fiona and Carol). I have got work as a follow-up to entering a competition I heard about on Twitter. I have also received a scholarship for the IATEFL conference in 2012, when my presentation will bring many of these strands together by being based on research about how to encourage students to use online materials. I am greatly looking forward to the TESOL France conference in Paris at the beginning of November when I will finally get to meet many of these fascinating people, a conference which I didn’t even know existed before joining Twitter. Lizzie Pinard has visited me in Newcastle, and I’ve Skyped with Naomi Epstein, Barbara Sakamoto, Eduardo Siemens and Ceri Jones. I’ve also written a joint post with Ceri and blogged for Barbara. Twitter has also become my staple seminar -so far I’ve introduced five groups to the site, and hopefully they won’t be the last!
Who rose from death, be glory given,
The last long run I did prior to Nashville was 4 weeks ago. Between vacation, work, and getting sick, running was not a priority. You cannot expect to race strong if you are not training enough. Simple, right? The previous PRs and strength that I had felt during recent long runs lulled me into a false sense of security. I thought I could rely on latent fitness to muscle through. In some cases, I did – I did actually finish this thing. I just finished it in one of my worst times ever.
This is, and always has been, nothing more than a self-fulfilling prophecy. No matter what a "Jew" does, as soon as the supposedly pro-White types find out about his "Jew blood," they reject him. Then they point to the lack of "Jews" as evidence of how bad the "Jews" are. The other "Jews" keep their mouths shut and so they, too, are not counted.
A Better Life
Sky is massive! I’m not sure how many buildings they have altogether but I had to walk quite a way just to get to the main entrance and passed quite a few buildings on my way. It’s like a small village. I got given a temp pass for the week which saves me from having to sign in at the visitor’s gatehouse every morning.
Well, if I can make this anyone can! A friend from New Plymouth gave me this recipe-great for vegetarians or just a good cheap meal. Even my toddler aged nearly 3 loves it and that's saying something! Only took me about 15 minutes to prepare the filling even with my toddler wanting to 'help', and then 30 minutes of cooking.
Heavens, I did not mean to be away so long. A couple of projects kept me before we left and then I tried to unplug as much as possible while we were gone. My apologies to Iris and anyone who noticed my absence and was concerned. All is well, if somewhat messy and unorganized. I should be back on track next week.
And if you're a believer and you pray, lift one up for Randy and his pretty, blonde, Sally Fields looking wife. I think they need them.
I could write about her for hours....
These last few days since I accepted the employment offer I have really been trying to soak as much time at home as I can. Whether it’s taking my time to enjoy my coffee while I play with munchkin or just spending more time with family in general. Yesterday little dude had a great day at school and decided that he wanted to spend the night with his Mimi and Papa to celebrate, which meant hubby and I got to have a quasi-date night with munchkin! Hubby treated me to an amazing sushi dinner at Pacific Rim in Sarasota. We had the Hot Lava Roll which was an inside out roll – AMAZING, the Pacific Rim Roll, and the Seven Seas Roll. Of course I had to have my order of edamame and the owner treated us to Tuna Carpaccio which was spicy and wonderful! After dinner we stopped by to see hubby’s brother and his family. We honestly do not see them enough and we only live 15 mins away from each other. Gotta work on that. Munchkin is almost as tall as her 14 month old cousin! Watching her and Cy play with each other was such a treat now that she is getting older and responding more. You could definitely tell that she was frustrated that she couldn’t chase after him, she wanted to so bad!We made it home just in time to watch Fringe which was wonderfully strange as usual. Love shows like that!
Fatherland Brewers and Hometown Hops
The ego doesn’t want reality, it wants distortion; the ego doesn’t want to be seen as it is and for what it is, it wants to be seen in a distorted and flattering way.
There are reasons to stick it out if your job stinks. That paycheck. Those benefits. If you're just put upon, or your co-workers are icky to you, the only way you are going to survive is to change your attitude, because they are not going to change.
I collected their Pride and Prejudice books and checked out to each student a copy of Hamlet. The groaning was minimal. I introduce Shakespeare with an amusing quiz about some general Shakespeare trivia. Multiple choice questions like "What were Shakespeare's parents named?" with answer choices like "Barack and Michelle" and "Kermit and Miss Piggy." Or "What was Shakespeare's acting troupe called?" "Monty Python" or "Pink Floyd"? The real answers were in there somewhere, so it becomes info-tainment in it's highest form.
I don’t want to spoiler you too much, but there is a LOT of “tangled web we weave” madness that unfolds with every passing episode. Mystery supply drops, incommunicado government, relationship triangles and army mercenary types… and the first season’s not even done!
Global colour authority Pantone has named Tangerine Tango to be the Colour of the Year for 2012. The alluring, bright reddish- orange shade is said to provide the much needed energy boost to move forward and re-charge, according to the Institute, which is a world renowned authority on colour, based out of New Jersey in the U.S.A.
Taking guitar lessons affected her singing style.
At first I was disappointed that really creative people lived such ordinary,lives. Where are the adventures? Then it occurred to me that they didn't have any. Those who live in their imaginations don't need to actually climb mountains, sail single handedly round the world, become experts at martial arts or learn the secrets of the genome - they can just pretend - which, while it is a whole lot cheaper and less exhausting, also makes less interesting copy.
After teasing us die-hards for a few years, Arena Rock Recordings have finally seen it fit to shine a light on one such departed Dixie conglomeration, Birmingham, AL's Primitons whose small but powerful discography is enshrined on the chronological, eighteen-track Don't Go Away, compiling their '85 self-titled mini album for Throbbing Lobster Records, the Don't Go Away ep (1986) and their 1987 parting shot, Happy All the Time. The Primitons lineup, sometimes a trio, and at one point a quartet, involved a constant nucleus of guitar/keyboard toting frontman Mats Roden and percussionist Leif Bondarenko. The group boasted an advanced sound beyond sweet minor chords and tingly arpeggios, one that's hard to properly distill in the written word. The initial seven-song salvo that comprises Don't Go Away was tracked under the auspices of Mitch Easter, and whether by osmosis or whatever you choose to peg it, Let's Active had profoundly rubbed off on Roden and Co. Nonetheless the early Primitons material boasts an indigenous sonic strain of it's own, sparked by an uncanny chemistry interwoven between it's three architects, resulting in fluid, jittery jangle-pop with no shortage of idiosyncratic overtones. From Alabama you say?
Fareda: What did you do that for?
Her pride of other days.
There have been smaller distributors who pick up the little guys, and in a town like Portland, there was money to be made at each level. But that bucks the trend. Since 1970, the number of beer distributors has been cut in half--despite the number of breweries increasing by 1,400. It's only in towns like Portland where the volume of a bunch of smaller breweries can make it possible for a smaller distributor to make a profit. And in any case, the three-tier system collects power in the bottleneck of the distributor. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but certainly something to keep an eye on. And with the merger of Columbia and Mount Hood, something even more important to keep an eye on.
What do you think should happen for Travellers?
When somebody thinks you're wonderful,
To celebrate Norwegian's duo Alog's new release called "Unemployed" here is their album from 2001 called "Duck-Rabbit". Heavily influenced by the likes of Biosphere or Deathprod the music is elaborated, intense and organic, electronic and yet terribly human.
We got to the station, and within seconds of explaining the problem, the woman behind the desk triumphantly printed off the tickets for ED.
Mind chatter is the mind noise that never stops. It is the inner conversation or inner monologue that constantly goes on in the mind.
Asparagus--cut 1 inch off stalks and store upright in refrigerator using a container with shallow layer of water for up to four days. Asparagus is best if eaten soon after harvest however.
1) seeds matter. we don’t have to keep perpetuating systems we fundamentally disagree with. we don’t have to pass on a legacy of inequality and sexism to our children. we don’t have to comprise our integrity to keep fitting in. change starts with us.
Which will hopefully make him less of a douche.
Apple is talking about releasing a smaller model of I-Pad with a working name of the Mini-I-Pad (creative). It won’t be long before you need a bigger bag to carry your smart phone, I-Pad, Computer, Mini-I-Pad and all the cords that go with them. Does anyone remember the last time they asked if anyone had a pen and paper?
None of these three notices, however, amount to Falun Gong being banned by the Chinese government.
Jack Dixon, a British bodybuilder that has competed across 15 different countries, said: “I really wanted to go and see if competitions and competitors’ attitudes differed from place to place but it’s surprising how similar they are. The only difference I noticed at competitions is the running order.”
"hold still for a pic!"
1 egg
please take the time to follow me on the new blog, as I'm so thankful for my readership here and hope to continue that in my next blogging venture.
We're still without internet access, so thank goodness for whoever invented the dongle! (although who makes up these names?!)
Some former government officials say stepping up regulatory scrutiny of lawyers for their work on cases snared in investigations by the SEC could send a chilling message. “The government needs to be careful not to deter lawyers from being zealous advocates for their clients,” says John Wood, a former U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Missouri.
Throughout the last couple of years, angels have dominated the minds of human beings. They are talked about in several books and appear in gift shops. Although angels once only appeared in church, we now see them showing up in jewelry and as tattoos!
www.classactinsider.blogspot.com
James E. Cove, 48, Rockville Centre, N.Y.
Today is the day before Chinese New Year. Happy CNY!
I even promise that I won’t ask you to taste my kitchen experiments gone bad. Did you know that at the right temperature baking soda will turn strawberry jam blue? But I won’t feed that to you. I’ll make you something delicious. Something fresh. Something colorful without a bad chemical reaction. I’ll make you this salsa. I promise.
We don’t always have hours to be putting towards a goal in any given day. But, we can take 20 minutes to take a baby step and then get back to our busy lives.
I have always found this to be the case.
Jesus Christ is Love and Jesus Loves You,
The alarm clock wakes up the performer (Sybke Huismans), the mail has arrived, he picks it up and finds his swimming lessons among the envelops so he begins to train right a way.
Anyways, two ways to get your name in the "drawing":
I cover ceramics, patterns, furniture, glasswork, lighting, textiles, wallpaper and much more.
Jerome: The same things are treated under various figures; whom above He called labourers and husbandmen, He now calls builders.
Sunday saw little of that as nearly every runner around me was listening to music. Now you might say it was a good thing they couldn't hear me but they cut out a lot of the atmosphere of the event.
I met my kinders today! I was had knots in my tummy like I was the kinder just starting school...what's up with that? I guess I was just nervous to meet 24 new sets of parents and hoping (fingers crossed) that this was my "dream class" and that everyone would love me...
Of course, the vet also gave her a feline leukemia vaccine, which was scary because it made a loud noise. But Xena was still an adorable kitty – it even said so on her report back from surgery: “Xena is a doll!” Apparently she was being all cute in the cage before the surgery — rubbing against the door, flopping down in cute positions. You know, the usual for her.
I am finally, finally, finally back home. I was sort of back home last week, after being out on tour for two weeks, but then I had to fly back out to California for five days of sort-of wedding (don't ask.) and I had no brain for blogging. But today I am home. Finally, finally, finally. I need to do a blog post on both the Trampoline of Insanity and on handling critique as a writer and artist, but because I am behind on posting about bits and pieces, I'm going to first do a post about them. Piece #1: On May 15th, I am doing a live chat with Lucy Christopher, hosted by Figment and This is Teen. We'll be talking about how we build character and anything else you can think to ask us. Details here. Oh, in fact, here is my face inviting you to come:
Russell went further; "The Council say that we don't exist, if we have no local connection. Much of the YMCA is empty, meanwhile. I walk around Brighton and there are so many empty buildings which could be used as a hostel for us."
Other - Rhinestones, Pearls
At these prices, I’d have to make each beer last a while. Like three days.
In brief, if the doctor says you have CFS, he or she really means “we accept the fact you are excessively tired, but don’t know why or what to do about it.”
Both, depends on the genre and poetry inspiration too.
It is really quite important to note that not all benefics or malefics are equal in strength, so please pay attention to the order I listed them in. Those closer to the top of the list are more strongly benefic or malefic, those closer to the bottom are more mild and neutral. There are two planets not included here – the lunar nodes: Rahu and Ketu. These planets are huge wildcards more than they are specifically “benefic” or “malefic.”They will significantly amplify the benefic or malefic nature of whatever they planet they contact in a chart.
polyachka: So what is your mission in regards to OLPC?
Ancient TV (CDr, Self-Released, 2007, US)
Artful Delight offer the latest and greatest paper crafting products packed together in one monthly kit. The monthly kits are packed with a variety of pattern papers with coordinating cardstock and embellishments. You may have your choice of a single monthly purchase or for a discount you can sign up for a 3 or 6 month subscription.
The best one was called Havanna. It’s known for being one of the finest alfajores brands, it’s café is top notch as well.
Yes, Cracker Barrel - the same Tennessee-based restaurant-and-country store chain that reportedly paid $8.7 million in 2004 to settle a slew of racial discrimination lawsuits.
Jackson Hole, WY is a pretty spectacular place.
Laurelwood will also be bottling the Hooligan Brown Ale just in time for our local Football club's inaugural MLS season (that's the Portland Timbers in case you've been under a rock). Other new bottles to look for this coming year are the Organic Pale Ale and Stingy Jack Pumpkin Ale.
05. Beautiful Sin - Lost
I've also been seeing my therapist, who is, like, total awesomeness. She told me last week that she wants me to watch the 'Hostel' movies as therapeutic homework to help me deal with my anger issues. (I may or may not have mentioned that I would love to torture and maim certain persons who shall not be named in the remote eventuality that they wind up tortured and maimed. However, I would like to point out that my religion mandates that I harm none, so the aforementioned torture and maiming would remain in the realm of fantasy and I would not in actuality commit such heinous acts in reality.) As I adore Quentin Tarantino I was all over that but they didn't have those flicks streaming on Netflix so I opted to watch 'The Killing Jar' and 'Kill Bill: Volume 1' and 'Kill Bill: Volume 2.' As I've said before Uma Thurman totally and completely kicks ass (with a sword) and I'm all over her exacting vengeance on all those who harmed her. And 'The Killing Jar' was just beyond utterly fantastic. I so have to buy that one on DVD.
The binding crackled as
Congratulations again to Erin and Matt. It was F.U.N.!!! Fantastic setting for a fantastic couple and we are so thrilled to have been a part of it all. Huge ‘gracias’ to El Velo for the great photos.
The young are more likely to be fooled again.
You should see her kitchen!
Julia Donovan, a journal who will become a recurring character throughout the rest of the series, catches a tip the government has built a spaceship using alien technology. She knows enough for the president to pull strings and get the story cancelled, but in order to find out who Donovan’s leak is, SGC agrees to give her a tour of the facility and ship in exchange for revealing her source. The plan is to destroy all evidence of Donovan’s story once her source has been exposed.
Decide what it is that you want your subconscious mind to do for you, one thing at a time. If you want a particular problem solved, spend five minutes or so, night and morning, quietly realizing that the whole thing is being worked out for you on the subconscious level. Then quiet suddenly will come the solution, and it will be the right one, because the subconscious is open at its source to the inflowing of the wisdom of Creative Intelligence.
“I began to have some difficulties with my vision. I first noticed it during my summer vacation in 1970. I joined a baseball team and the coach made me play outfield. Near the third inning, the player at bat from the opposite team hit a fly ball in my direction. I didn't see it coming until it was halfway towards me. By then it was too late. I couldn't run fast enough to catch the ball. I felt extremely ashamed because I made a stupid move, permitting one of the players who were on base to run home; thereby giving a point to our opponents.”
1 lifted
The thing that stood out to me was that both Gil Guerrero and Robert Ruddick explained that they want to do more in the community both before and after incidents. They understand they deal with people on their “bad days” and they understand that is the job they signed up for, but they also want to improve customer service with stronger follow up before incidents with education efforts while being a support system after an incident.
Melon Mambo Ink #115656
Not as bad as I thought it was. I have decided to try to finish these...or most of them, before starting anything new.
Neggers H. Bevallen en opstaan? Werkende moeders: verzuim, WAO-risico en preventie. Arbo Verslag 2004; 1: 50-54.
As soon as I got out of lecture I ran over to Paul Martin's (second row middle) and had a little happy hour before going to see The Lucky One (top right) with my girlfriends. We were so excited to see this, the "new Notebook" but all had the same exclamation that, "That was no Notebook!" I think that the movie was enjoyable and entertaining but possibly not worth the theater price. It was pretty slow to get to the good scenes, you know that ones I mean, and then one scene threw the whole thing off for me. I won't say more because I don't want to spoil it for the rest of you. The important part was that I got to spend a great night with my girlfriends. That was much better than the movie itself.
Kelly Bennett – Spider Spins a Story is a gorgeous book for older children. The tales and art are amazing. Not Norman makes huge waves as a great goldfish tale, and her two books on fathers, Dad and Pop, and Your Father was Just Like You, both detail the fun of childhood and fathers.
Now… finally.
for the love of vintage flatware. for the love of linen. what can i give
Charlie Christian outplaying the saxes
Another part styled tree from original Willowbog collected material. This time a more developed chuhin size bonsai, about 30cms. from pot rim to apex, and all the work carried out by enthusiast Len Gilbert from whom we recently purchased the tree. Obviously still quite a lot of work to be done with the branches but an interesting, chunky trunk on which to build an image.
“We like to have all of our players here involved in our off season program,” head coach Jason Garrett said, “but we’ve been in communication with Jenkins all through the offseason. It is voluntary; we can’t make anyone be here. We’re fortunate as a team that we have so many guys who live in Dallas and really embrace what we’re doing in the offseason program.”
Although sellers had often tried to wipe the data, programs freely available on the internet were able to uncover the data.
First of all, I would like to present a huge thanks to Lazard Japan Asset Management K.K. for allowing me some time to talk to you and get better insights into how the economy looks from the inside. I will start with what I learned here:
I had hoped to be moving on from Michael Pollan’s comments on Eating Animals by now, but after I finished composing my last post, I realized that the situation nicely demonstrated a point that I consider important. So I’m back with at least one more post about Foer. At least this post will make a different point.
If I were in charge of the world
Dinner: Chicken tacos* with fresh toppings bar, fruit & yogurt parfaits
Because of who I am, I'm quick to see in this only further proof of the randomness and devastation that humans are subjected to. The concept of mortality mixed with the ever present truth that it can happen at any moment. It's enough to drive anyone to insanity, or religion, take your pick. But this is a part of myself I've been trying to fight forever, this inherent notion to focus on the negative, and convincing myself the worse case scenario is inevitable.
5/14- PCW Extreme Political TV
The sweets of Puebla are quite diverse, however. There seem to be two main specialties: the torta Santa Clara, a sablé-type cookie with a sweet glaze, and camotes or sweet potato candy. Consider them as a base to your Pueblan sweets pyramid; a myriad of little treats then stack up to create colorful shop windows. Looking for a custard-type bar? Rich and comforting, don't miss them and head to La Central.
Here are my thoughts after watching it. Tell me what you think.
Saint Augustine
Bring Your Own Baby yoga teacher Corrine Gernes asked a full class of moms with babies under 7 months old, “What do you wish you would have known or been told about before baby came?” These mamas had awesome advice and Corrine was savvy enough to take notes. You may even want to bookmark this page and come back to it several times!
Paid out of secret fund
Madigan has introduced three different versions of this bill — one taking only the schools’ portion, one taking everything except money going to Chicago and another taking all of the tax money. The money would be turned over to the Teachers’ Retirement System as part of state government’s annual contribution to pensions for public employees. The state has to come up with $5.1 billion for pensions next year.
Isn't this awesome!? All of the cards have: the same pink border and dotted patterned paper, swirls of some sort, two-tone hearts, and the scalloped circle.
Menu: Bacon, Ham & Veggie Fritatta, Banana Nut French Toast, and Orangecicle Scones
The only conservation organization working on marine issues in all U.S. coastal states and territories plus an additional 30 countries, The Nature Conservancy partners with fishermen to protect New England’s fisheries for the sake of healthy oceans and economically healthy coastal communities. Through 50 years of work in Massachusetts, The Nature Conservancy has protected more than 23,000 acres of important habitat from the coast to the mountains.
“Then why are you going in this heavy rain?”
Yesterday I was throwing together various ingredients from my kitchen to make dinner, and it turned out so amazingly well that I just had to share! Here’s what you will need: portabella mushrooms, zucchini, fresh basil, any sort of small pasta (not fettucine, linguine, etc.), Italian salad dressing, olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste.
( BINGO)
Despite the clear conflict of interest between her lobbying clients and her philanthropic goals, Levesque and her team have led a quiet but astonishing national transformation. Lobbyists like Levesque have made 2011 the year of virtual education reform, at last achieving sweeping legislative success by combining the financial firepower of their corporate clients with the seeming legitimacy of privatization-minded school-reform think tanks and foundations. Thanks to this synergistic pairing, policies designed to boost the bottom lines of education-technology companies are cast as mere attempts to improve education through technological enhancements, prompting little public debate or opposition. In addition to Florida, twelve states have expanded virtual school programs or online course requirements this year. This legislative juggernaut has coincided with a gold rush of investors clamoring to get a piece of the K-12 education market. It’s big business, and getting bigger: One study estimated that revenues from the K-12 online learning industry will grow by 43 percent between 2010 and 2015, with revenues reaching $24.4 billion.
Ben Crump, a lawyer for Trayvon’s parents, said that they ‘never heard anything like this about a bag of jewellery….And anyway, it’s completely irrelevant to what happened February 26.
Viwe Mnembe‘s body was found in bushes near her home after she had been held hostage, allegedly by her mother‘s ex-boyfriend.
Grow, just grow
Your pouring love
Environment Fact: Cutting funding to the CBC is better than ratifying Kyoto, if it will stop promotion of shows like Radio 2 Drive.
Good morning everyone, thanks for visiting today. A special 'hello' and thank you to my new followers. I am a very happy bunny today as my half term starts today. I am so ready for this break and looking forward to lots of crafty time and fun with Molly and Lucy; we have kites and bird houses to make and decorate tomorrow - can't wait! Today I have another fairy card made with the same Crafter's Companion stamp set and paper CD that I used on my last card, and the fab EC tool. As my lovely blog friend Christine said about my last card, a very different style for me, but I loved making them.
After almost 6 months of travelling, we have only really chilled out 4 times … otherwise it has been nonstop; so we had prescribed ourselves a few days on the islands following numerous recommendations from various friends and travellers.
obviously–and without a doubt–the two of you would be in my top 5 picks :)
The Best Wishes ribbon is from a ribbon assortment by Martha Stewart. This set has about six ribbons with sentiments on them. The butterflies are acetate dimensionals from Making Memories.
I’ve used overcompensatory before, but it really is the word that best describes Jormungand thus far; it knows that Koko is its greatest asset, and though she is quite an asset, nothing else the show introduces can begin to match her level of infectious kookiness. Yes, a pair of crazed assassins known as Orchestra is shown to have a vendetta against her because she’s an arms dealer, but they’re two of the most insignificant characters introduced thus far, and that’s saying something when there are only two characters that get any sort of development. All they do is run around with a neon sign saying “HEY AREN’T WE CRAZY? WE COMPARE SHOOTING PEOPLE TO MAKING MUSIC. CRAZY RIGHT? FUCKING CRAZY, AHHHHHH!” in big bold font hovering right above them, shoot people, and swear gratuitously. It was refreshing for a few episodes that Jormungand was willing to eschew minor development in order to jump right into the action, but doing it for three episodes straight is treading over a thin line.
However, I was never really interested with the love stories. And the ending..not what I was expecting. I was slightly disappointed since the tension and the build-up was fantastic. And seeing it end that way it just felt rushed and it seemed like they just bailed out. The rest of the film was still solid though.
Someone wake me up in mid-July; until then I'm perfectly happy just staying in bed and (re)watching Sofia Coppola films.
and so-
program for its twelfth annual conference on the theme of ‘Anti-Masonry’
Community members from all faiths and backgrounds are invited to attend the workshop, titled, “Combating Islamophobia: Truths and Myths about Islam.”
not allowing to be made back into dreams.
I recently was having a conversation with someone in passing. They recognized me from where I work full time, and they also knew that I wrote a blog. Interesting how the two sides of my life meet every once in a while.
Brodie has been riding this same bike- with training wheels- since the moment he turned 3. We got it used so it had tons of miles on it, but that was cool with us. He loved it for a while and then the thrill of it waned for some reason. We didn't push it at all- it's not like Brodie was lacking in activities or anything. When he showed some interest again (at 4.5yr) we took him to ride 1 or maybe 2 times, without training wheels. That was Spring of 2011. Summer was too hot and when Fall hit, I think we took the time to try 1 more time. We could tell he was (kind of) getting it, but something seemed off (clue #1 or 2??). It wasn't until last month (February 2012) that he began asking to ride again. He was more determined this time, but we were having all kinds of trouble with the bike (screws were falling out, pedals were loose and uneven, etc.). Call it bad parenting if you want, but we thought he would be able to get the hang of it regardless of the somewhat broken bike. Sad. We took him out about 5 times and he could go a short distance without our help, but that was about it. I started feeling bad when, at one point, Kyle had to take the bike home to fix the pedal that had just fallen off as Brodie was riding. We finally bought new pedals for the bike and guess what??? Off he went- first try! It was a fun moment for sure and Brodie was thrilled, but I felt so bad at the same time. Why didn't we just take the time to figure out exactly what the bike needed and then make it happen....like 8 months ago? We were even considering buying a new bike. That would have been so silly and such a waste of money. I have so much to learn.
Rooney Mara and Kate Beckinsale were the first to pop in my head when scrolling through the collection. A dark gothic woman, so mysterious yet intriguing and sexy with a touch of Goddess-like features. The looks were inspired by brother Gianni’s final collection, “an era,” with a dark palette and edgy shapes, Donatella said she finally had “the courage” for such a line.
There is no rhythm. No plan.
Be still, and know that I am God;
11. Hymn to Man (9:16)
It's not self-publishing, it's vanity publishing!
I consider myself a survivor. I have battled Cancer. I have birthed two children under extreme conditions. I have come close to loosing my home.
65G-4.020: iBudget Florida
Thanks for stopping by! I made some witch earring and a bat necklace for my DGD also I'll post shortly.
02-Double Trouble
Thank you to everyone, who has given, prayed and shared! Keep watching!
without our winter coats.
I have 6 mascaras to review that I have tried within the last few months. Some are repeats, but some are new to the market and me.
Contrast this situation with what is known about the universe according to Big Bang theory. It is known from physical evidence provided by Penzias, Wilson, and Smoot that background radiation exists from the initial singularity. Indeed, Smoot and his team at Berkeley have created a map of this background radiation. Such physical evidence proves that the initial singularity was a moment of intense heat and energy.
Like Peggy.
Here we are back in the office after 2 weeks off for the wedding! I must admit it is hard to slide back into work after having so much fun! I know many of you over on Facebook and Twitter have been asking for pictures and I promise to share as soon as I receive them. Believe me, we are waiting on pins and needles to see the professional shots too!
Here in Florida, we have a hard time finding rhubarb because it's such a hit or miss thing for the grocery stores to have it in stock. I actually mentioned this to my boss's wife and two days later she came into work with a package of this delicious vegetable for me - sweetest lady EVER! Rhubarb looks like celery but is a pink color and can be found with the berries. Funnily enough, not two days after she brought this in for me, I found a larger package at Publix and bought it too. I chopped all of it up and it's been sitting in my freezer, just waiting for me to decide what to do with it. Well, now I have and I'm sharing it with you.
This was the second of Apollon’s additions to the list, as well as the one he wanted me to take the most note of: ”The people we keep around us often act as our advisors, so it is important to surround yourself with wise, witty companions. Those who will tell you the truth, and not what you want to hear,” he said.
I stamped on to the paper using black momento.
Good morning, everyone! I hope you had a fabulous weekend and MLK Jr. day.
Squeeze a few drops from a quarter of the lemon into the bowl and then throw in the quarter.
Gregory: that’s not uncommon for a candidate
The next part of the account on Kamtza and Bar Kamtza we are going to deal with, is from the Talmud Bavli, namely in Gitin 55b-56a.
It may help that I’m spending two weeks on the parable of the prodigal son with my daughters. We’d been having some problems with petty squabbles and resentments, so it seemed like it might be helpful to spend a little extra time talking about Christ’s infinite mercy, and the joy we should feel when someone seeks to atone for wrongs committed. This took on a little extra poignancy over the weekend, when I received the news that my estranged aunt is dying from stage four lung cancer with brain metastases. Tidings like those tend to make all the reasons I find to hold onto anger and grudges seem even more foolish than they usually do.
that in the opinion of the world others may
The frame
We see simplicity in this verse by Buson:
And who (strictly) guard their prayers;-
We are so excited and praising God for the blessings He's given us through friendships with our sisters in Christ. This is so much more than "just another challenge blog" and we thank ALL OF YOU too (our players) for joining in each week and fellowshipping with us!! We look forward to getting to know you better as well--please leave comments often and we'll be seeing you on your blogs!!
I hope today brings you all a sense of peace.
as index finger rests
The painting of Blondie Daughter's room is going well. After a brief deliberation, we ditched lilac and opted for blue. Very blue.
After the War, when the left-wing Socialists took up where Hitler left off, so the English again came down on the right side of history. Admittedly we had our own Communists/Socialists (just as we have today, personified by the UAF, Hope Not Hate etc) but not for us the Gulags, the torture, the genocide, the shattered lives, the broken families, the destroyed infrastructure and environment — for us it was still Farmer Giles in the countryside, still the boisterous workingmen’s clubs and still the bowler hats and umbrellas in the city.
Happy Thanksgiving,
Especially impressive was the acting of Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander. She won't win the Academy Award for which she is nominated, but she should, in my opinion. I think the voting members are a bit too staid and stuffy to let a newcomer like Ms. Mara win, but she embodies this role almost perfectly. I enjoyed seeing her work far more than the other nominees that I have so far seen.
Anyway, in Allonsanfàn, we follow a disillusioned, weary and aging radical, Fulvio Imbrani (Marcello Mastroianni), as he repeatedly tries (and fails) to extricate himself form his former revolutionary life. This is often to grotesque or comedic results (such as when he makes a suicide pact with one fellow comrade, only to let the other guy go first), though - as is the usual style of 1970s commedie all'italiana - it's also very sad, beneath everything. The aristocratic Fulvio stumbles out of prison one day, feverish and exhausted, narrowly avoiding a grim fate at the hands of the state. His revolutionary comrades likewise almost behead him, thinking he had spilled all their secrets. When this is proved false, he is left to mend in the comfort of his big fancy bed in his big fancy mansion. And big fancy mansions - they are hard to say no to.
I started with the kitchen deep cleaning,then onto folding a couple baskets of clothes.Could not hang out any clothes on the clothes line do to storms coming through all day.
Trangmar's caught off guard, there's nothing in the office management manual to deal with this kind of OH&S issue. He races back into the office, white as a sheet and trying desperately not to gag and vomit at what he's just witnessed. Not since he'd found his dead cat, clearly days after the event, infested with maggots and wearing a grisly smile had his stomach turned this way.
Our house smells like a pickle factory! Pinny is on, cauldrons are steaming late into the night and the perrenial search for jars is on.
One of the film’s pleasant surprises is the elegant direction of Bharat Nalluri, a British television director by trade who unfortunately has The Crow: Salvation (2000) on his resume. Fortunately, his work on Miss Pettigrew makes one quickly forget that he was ever a part of that debacle as he gives this film a classy, retro touch. He also brings a refreshing economy of style, wisely letting the actors’ performances and the well-written screenplay to do all the heavy lifting. He’s also smart enough to wrap it all up in an attractive package thanks to Sarah Greenwood’s production design and Nick Gottschalk’s art direction. The attention to period detail is fantastic, from the cars, clothes and architecture that immerse us completely in ‘30s era London. One only has to look at Delysia’s stunningly decorated apartment, or Nick’s Art Deco style nightclub, to see the great lengths the filmmakers went to get the period details just right.
Crescent New Moon, Apr 22 -27 – Time to Sow
Cold or wet weather does not cause a cold, but nobody seems to want to accept this. The is common cold is caused by a virus. These viruses are everywhere and it is difficult to avoid them. When you are exposed to someone who has a cold, you are more likely to get ill yourself, so be careful about close contact and definitely wash your hands. Not getting enough sleep or eating poorly can also reduce your resistance to infection. Remember that antibiotics won't fight your everyday cold. Antibiotics work only against bacteria. To take care of a cold, rest,
I am at a point in my life where I feel like I am having a mid life crisis and I am not even in my forties! I am in my twenties! But I feel like a trapped bird- one whose wings have been clipped and it is taking me some time to fly away. Life has me trapped in a sad reality where I just can no longer feel anything but sadness and conflict. Conflicting thoughts as to how I should live my life, how to carry on, how to survive in this world, how to find love and experience it. There is so much a person needs to know when going out exploring, when going out experiencing the world and they say that adversities challenge you and develop you as a person but for the past few days I have been questioning things.
Tragically, there are other incidents where misogynistic manipulations have led to a miscarriage of justice. On August 17, 1980, Lindy Chamberlainsaw a dingo carry off her baby, Azaria on a family camping trip in Australia. However, as a result of the media portrayal of her character, no one believed her and she was wrongfully convicted for her baby’s death.
Take a Walk today:
Scarborough: could Obama run against
Neck 14.75"
Just regular families.
Actually, I don't want to sound so certain there, mostly because I do question the content/form dichotomy. Let's amend the above to: "That's mostly content, and mostly not form." If we're going to call something "formalist", though, it should be primarily about form.
"Our young feet," they say, "are very weak!
However, there’s a phrase that I hear often that I’m tired of hearing. I want to put it out there as a plea to quit saying it and most importantly, to stop doing it. Here’s the phrase I don’t want to hear anymore: “I’m following my heart.”
Thread
...then make sure you make a visit to each blog on the hop
3) Each participant needs to link their blogpost with their answers back to Yesternight's Voyage.
And the unknown's lost." He continued,
“That’s nice,” the man said.
“Some are too scared to …”
“That’s not it at all,” he vehemently insisted. “You were always so intelligent. I mean, you were a sixteen-year-old senior in high school! Just how many grades did you skip over, anyway?”
The firm of TrimTabs itself is taking a cautious stance and reducing its market exposure to zero from 50% exposure. TrimTabs’ reasoning is that the end of QE2 to spell the end of the ‘propping up of the market’. While certainly understandable, this is information that is all too well known and already priced into the market. They go on to write to their clients that the “S&P 500 is down 6.8% from its interim closing high on April 29, and we expect market action to get even uglier this summer.” Their terrible track record makes it tempting to fade them here.
Eating out in Burlington spoiled me. I could sit back and let someone else serve me my food. On Friday night we ate at a place called Sky Burger and I ate a quinoa, sundried tomato, and roasted artichoke burger. Mmmm. Saturday night we ate Korean Dancing Noodles at Duino Duende. The dish was a combo of spicy, tangy, crunchy, chewy, and sweet. I love when flavors and textures meld together, like opposites attracting. The beauty of ordering food at a restaurant is that I didn’t have to strain my brain to come up with the combinations. All I had to do was pick it off of a menu.
Allantoin – Uric acid from cows, most mammals. Also in many plants (especially comfrey). In cosmetics (especially creams and lotions) and used in treatment of wounds and ulcers. Derivatives: Alcloxa, Aldioxa. Alternatives: extract of comfrey root, synthetics.
Blumenberg contrasts the book of nature and clockwork universe metaphors. The output of the clock -- the actual display of time -- is not significant in the use of the metaphor; what matters is its predictable functioning. For the book of nature, on the other hand, the informative content is critical; what is significant in the metaphor is that there is a message that could be communicated. (71)
The first one people will notice is Drac himself. And not because it's a good performance, either. We get, instead, the most afroed, grease painted, goateed, gangly thin Dracula ever. Not that Bela Lugosi could have saved this character, but as played by Zandor Vorkov, this is the most monotone, dorky bloodsucker ever... but even at that, what do you expect from a stockbroker? Oh yeah; Zandor was the stage name for Roger Engel, the man who helped finance this movie and another Adamson flick Brain Of Blood and therefore got first chance to play a role in both...whereas he should have been given the option to turn both roles down. Not that the echoing voice helps matters; it's like listening to the guy at the drive-through practice his announcer voice whilst suffering from adenoids.
Speaking of books, I read the book Hick a several years ago. Now I see it is coming out as a movie. I may need to revisit that book if I still have it. I guess, it didn’t impress me on first read. I was really surprised to see it is coming out as a movie. Maybe because my initial take on the book was that it was going to be more about Nebraska, but ended up being about something totally different.
I am the big heart.
8. Be e'er serene. Be certain, alter the shell place present do you no hurt.
Instead of a group celebration back at home, we plan to enjoy the people in our life individually, in a way that reflects our personal relationship with them. We’ll have more time to visit with them, share our feelings about our new life and how much we will continue to value them in it, and savor the togetherness. We look forward to a first wedded year filled with these small-scale celebrations.
Below is the old cherry tree that split the lilac in half last year. Can you tell my heart is still broken over that lilac bush? Well, it is. My husband has been cleaning up the tree bit by bit but has been sidetracked by the poison ivy. He’s got it up his arm; nothing too bad we think.
Thank you for reading, looking into the dark and hard places that Jesus sees and begs us to walk with him. I thank you for passing this along to anyone and everyone, and for any step you take to help us help these girls.
All winners please email me (blackpearlprincess@gmail.com) so I can give you further details on how to receive your prize. Please use "Magnolia Smash Blog Hop Winner" in the subject line.
Merely in an objective way. An author's existentialist obsessions may be just as harmful to his work as any overly apparent sense of optimism.
Fact; I like playing in the rain; ♥
Guinsoo: You sure that’s enough?
loyal to friends you do make and who expect the same loyalty in
I am sure you have all by now heard about the sad demise of Whitney Houston and yes, she almost had it all, except she was apparently a lost soul whose life was overtaken by drink and drugs. What makes this happen and how can we try to stop it….or can we?
This goddamn piece of sh*t stupid ass house
This song alone reminds me of the Dead Milkmen or Devo's mongoloid. It's "Slow Kids", complete with slam dancing kids. I didn't think anyone slammed danced anymore.
In 1949 Gilbert Ryle published The Concept of Mind, one of the most important books of philosophy of mind of the last century and probably the best manifesto of philosophical behaviorism. Although today few would endorse Ryle’s strictly behaviorist semantics of psychological predicates the book continues to be persuasive as a sustained attack on what Ryle calls “Cartesian” theories of mind. Specifically Ryle challenges the ancient intuition that the word “mind” refers to some one, unanalyzable thing. He does this more thoroughly (and in a grander style) than anything I can do here, but he wrote at a time when the practice of metaphysics was out of favor in the English-language philosophical world. Today we enjoy the benefits of the “language” philosophy that was done by the early 20th century empiricists and the benefits of the revival of metaphysics, which has been to some extent motivated by the emphasis on philosophy of mind, of the past several decades.
Oh Friday...Thank you for finally arriving! I missed you so much! This week was long...ever so long...but Cinco De Mayo is going to bring yummy burritos & tons of Sangria! Woohoo!! Can't Wait! What is also really cool is that Saturday is going to be what scientists are calling a Super Moon! If you look for the moon on the horizon right as the sun is setting and the moon is peeking forward it will appear larger than the life & bright as anything! It makes me want to watch "Moonstruck" for Cosmo's Moon. hehe...Actually because it's a full Moon no wonder this week was so crazy!! =)
So don’t get it twisted.
The number one market for all this crap jewelery seemed to be middle-aged women from Luzon. Every single one of them were covered head to toe in metric shit tons of cheap sparkly Chinese bling like a protective exoskeleton of awesome sparkly over tight, black, fetishy clothes. Like the officers' uniform of a disco spy unit, or really short extras from The Road Warrior. I have no idea what this is about, but it was a welcome treat for the eyes. Other than them, the people watching was kind of dismal, unless you had some kind of weird interest in old white people, which I do not.
Future Career Plans: Homemaker
Halloween’s come a long way.
This might not have been a problem in the pre-social-media age, but marketing these days, particularly for new writers, is focussed so much on engagement with potential readers that it presents a real issue. I just don't have enough knowledge of the genre (sub-genre?) to engage with these people.
Once he was in Mexico a mob saw him, but since he had a burrito they decided to give him a sombrero instead of being hostile to him. Then he ended up on a boat (ok, so I told this story awhile ago. I don’t remember WHY he got on the boat.). While in the boat he dropped his burrito overboard. When he didn’t have his burrito anymore, the mob became hostile again and through Mark off the boat. In the process Mark cut himself on a sharp piece of metal protruding from the side of the ship. Because of the cut, he was eaten by a shark when he fell into the Gulf of Mexico.
- Sharon Chahale (General Manager, KOPIKEN, Kenya)
Lunch: Quinoa with basil, thyme carrots with red onions, bacon imitation bits (recipe from the best veggie burgers on the planet) and some olives. Some balsamic dressing from Appetite for reduction on top of this and it felt like I was in the middle of summer.
Sitting on the shelf!
Chicago
Last Sunday, my pastor challenged my understanding, and opened my eyes to a spiritual truth in that simple story that I need to meditate on daily; that if I really grasp it, will change my every moment from here on. (You can listen to his sermon here: http://wlachurch.org/resources/WLA_560.mp3 but finish reading my blog first!)
Ba Conaing. ba Cuilini,
Neither Tish or Buddy get him in quite the same way I do, so while I let most of it roll off, it pushes their buttons in a hurry (A response, alas, that he doesn't mind cultivating -remember that Kit is a drama queen). The comment above notwithstanding, some of his wit is really quite funny and quick off the mark. But I can understand getting pissed off if you're looking for a kid to get ready for school and you get a smart aleck remark instead.
Normally, such summits are relatively friendly affairs dealing with trade issues that are settled more or less amicably and end with the usual platitudes and photo-ops. Not this time.
Her performance here proves every doubt I had wrong. Looking back, anyone else playing Jade would have been, well it just wouldn’t have been right. Daisy brings Jade to life in a subtle, very understated performance. I could go on about how pleased I was with Daisy’s performance, but in short, she made Jade feel like
There will be a student council meeting for all the grade reps and the executive members today at 11:25 in room 213. Please bring your lunch.
I got into conversation with a man in a pub recently and he posed the question: ”Apart from London where else could you take a beautiful woman?” The answer was “York”. He made an excellent point. York is an outstandingly beautiful and interesting historic town. It has a medieval town wall you can walk along and a fabulous Minster.
Also, remember her? The construction date is scheduled for February 15th!
If the marketing budget for your company is relatively tight but you are looking for more ways to get your message to would-be customers, guerilla marketing tactics are a great option at your disposal.
From Ruby Tuesday by Mari Carr
3M
Industry leaders are voicing skepticism about new office development in Brooklyn and Queens, however. As one real estate banking officer put it: "If these projects did not happen when the market was hot as a pistol, I don't see this going to happen over the next couple of years. Who is going to pay the rents for the new construction in these locations?"
Today you are being introduced to a set called School's Out! LOVE this set! I love school related stamp sets. I have no idea why but I sooo do! This one is a must have for any stamping mom... or anyone who just loves school stamps like I do!
Pearls - Recollections
Make the glaze: add the confectioner's sugar to a bowl and whisk in the lemon a little bit at a time until you've reached a thick but workable consistency. You may not need the entire amount of lemon juice. Pour the glaze over the loaf once it has cooled and cut using a serrated knife. Enjoy!
Yes, sometimes designer fabric becomes new work in a quilt … when it is so transformed that it’s no longer a derivative work of fabric design and not clearly from the designer in question. This was not the case with the book or the tote bag. Let me emphasize for you all: The book would NOT have undergone this legal scrutiny had the tote bags not been made.
The boy takes Elspeth to the kitchen, though she was afraid he might be taking her to the Head of Obernewtyn, but it seems Elspeth is not quite important enough for that meeting. In the kitchen, there is a ‘massive woman’ (Isobelle Carmody’s words not mine!) who is the cook, and she greets the boy, whose name is ‘Ariel’. It is clear that the cook favours Ariel, and loves him more than a son, I wonder how such a strong relationship was created. Elspeth is going to be a helper to the cook, and will be worked hard by Andra, the cook.
Can we trust this process, coming from a board with no electoral oversight? (Chaired by a man who famously says one thing and does another?)
I often see small presses using a contract template they've picked up from somewhere, which may employ outdated terminology (such as referring to plates or unbound sheets) or contain unnecessary language (such as including a revised editions clause in a fiction contract) or make inappropriate claims on subsidiary rights (a larger publisher may be able to do something with translation rights, for instance, but there's no reason in the world for a cash-strapped, contactless small press to claim them).
I thought I would post some of the photos from the trip. Hope you enjoy viewing all the beautiful photos of Jamaica!
Krizmanic
Now, while I have played Bingo in my life, this is my first Bingo Challenge! I had such fun, don'tcha know! I chose "Flowers, Pearls, & Embossing" . . . YIKES!! I just realized that it says "DRY Embossing"!! Well, like my sweet friend, Cathy, says . . . I've stretched the "rules" just a bit . . . 'cuz I am soooooo NOT dismantling this card to add DRY embossing! Mine happens to be WET embossed! Ruh roh! hehehe! Note to self, "pay closer attention to challenge details in the future!" LOL!! Grrrr!! OK, so now that we've established that I'm a scofflaw, how 'bout we take a look at my card?!
Something really cool has been being featured on Blue Cricket Design TWICE in the last week!! Becca at BCD is VERY sweet and has liked some of my projects, so she was kind enough to feature my hutch and the scrapbook wall flowers. How cool is that?!?! Makes me want to get workin' on some things - STAT!!!
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change. ~ Thomas Hardy Stay tuned, beadlings!
6 It Won't Be Long
I'll post a photo & the recipe tomorrow.
Then, I began tennis practice because that’s not gay, Mary! This is the only sport that I can somewhat play, but I can feel your eyes getting heavy PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF CHRIST, WAKE UP!
2-What is your greatest fear?
The concept of “buying good things” is a false story that personal choices can lead to social change. That isn’t how social change works. I keep thinking of the line by Dom Helder Camara: “When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why are they poor, they call me a Communist.” Buying from the poor is nice, but it does nothing to address their impoverishment.
Project Camelot whistleblowers reveal that extraterrestrials look human like us and may even be time travelers from our future! Edgar Cayce and the Law of One reveal we have a Higher Self leading us through reincarnation and Graduation.
After the game, I headed over to my good friend Gone Mild's house for his 50th Birthday Bash. GM brews his own beer so it is always a treat to visit him. After that I headed out to Funky Town for my favorite girl's birthday party. Funky Town was quite an adventure but I think I will leave that story for others to tell. Happy Birthday this week to three of my favorite people!
Now you don't have to remember to program your DVR or VHS to record you
Bi keizers en keuningen waoren me te gast
NOTE: For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world.
Fast forward 10 years and bring on the déjà vu when I opened my mailbox to find a royalty statement from my long time, traditional publisher, Dorchester. While the statement clearly stated I was owed money, there was no check inside. Dorchester was having financial difficulties, just like my dot.com and chose not to pay what it owed.
I knew when he was only little that my son was going to be a bit on the stubborn side. Kind of like me, actually. Determined, wanting to be right, and irrefutably unwilling to back down in an argument. And I guess that's why the conversation about who was going to dispose of his half-eaten banana went on for a full thirty minutes.
4. My first two children are from a previous relationship of 7 years which ended in disaster and a long drawn out custody battle. He is completely out of the picture now which is a good thing. I am married to my husband who is the father of my youngest child and to my seven year old, he is her father. She doesn't know differently and I really don't know how I will deal with telling her if she does question it some day. My oldest daughter calls him by his first name and not dad. Too wierd - I know. We were married in Vegas which was very cool. We have a very rocky relationship but we're working on it. I've come to the realization that I have way more issues to deal with than I thought and losing this weight has brought a lot of them to the forefront and I am seriously working at them.
Bring your oven to 180 C (350 F).
Me: You're a little like that.
The Factory was located on the third floor. When Warhol moved The Factory here, Union Square was a den of gypsies, tramps and thieves. In addition to the Petco, Union Square now has a big Barnes & Noble and a busy McDonalds. I think he'd approve.
Griffith also said the two often spoke by phone. "Our last conversation was a few days ago. We would talk about our health, how much we missed our friends who passed before us and usually about something funny. I am happy to say that as we found ourselves in our 80s, we were not afraid to say, 'I love you.' That was the last thing
Simon Darby interviews Enis Dalton on her regular activist duties and during canvassing. Enis has been out this morning delivering leaflets in Monk Bretton, despite the rain she was in good spirits.
It was past 6PM when we caught the bus back to Sibiu. We only had a few hours to rest and freshen up because this was also the cigarette smoke-infested karaoke bar night.
Marketers still place high value on social media: A significant 83% of marketers indicate that social media is important for their business.
Upper Arm: Left - 13.25...12.5"...12.5"...13" Right - 14"...13"...13"...13.25"
Something that really stuck with me was how dry everything was. I knew that the North Western territories of Costa Rica are dry outside of the rainy season but to what extent was beyond me. Leaving the Central Valley you notice the forest fires, controlled or not I am unsure, and the mountains have lost some of their lushness but it isn’t until you reach the coast that it really hits you. Everything is a shade of brown. While waiting at the dock we saw a cloud of dust rising above a line of trees, still green because of it’s proximity to the river. It was eerie and clearly not smoke. When we reached the Nicoya Peninsula the dessication was even more apparent; think of Michigan in late August after a dry summer. The dirt road we took to reach Montezuma was lined by vegetation, houses, and fences covered in a thick layer of a uniform brown dirt. We were unsure if this is what was waiting for us in Montezuma but to our relief, we arrived (safely) to a little oasis.
Yesterday was the annual Winterslow & District Horticultural Society Summer Show and we had over 300 entries at the Village Hall for veg, flowers, jams, cookery, flower arranging and childrens.
It should, however, be borne in mind that in Sabam v Scarlet, the ECJ did not prohibit per se the adoption of other (and future) blocking and filtering measures which respect the fundamental rights at issue. This echoes the reasoning adopted by the AG in his opinion, in which he had stressed that any law interfering with the exercise of the fundamental rights in question would be allowed if it is adopted on a national legal basis and is ‘accessible, clear and predictable’ as to the nature and scope of the measures applicable.
Step 1. Fill your bottle with water leaving some room at the top. Remember you can always add more water after you have made your mix but want enough room to add your shimmer powder and re-inker
I paused at a sand castle that had been constructed with several five-gallon buckets. Towels and chairs had been abandoned for the moment. Water filled the moat, and I heard laughter from a bungalow perched like a lighthouse above. A couple in love.
Q:�Someone has told me that
So what are you cooking up this week? Were you the lady at Target who elbowed my baby trying to get to the last can of mixed nuts?? Fess up!!
From Cynthia Ozick:
He’s right… at least as someone who experienced so much of the diplomatic “we’re a peaceful people” stabs from various figures in Serbia and even Croatia can be. Maass daily saw the homes of doctors and architects, of farmers and school teachers being destroyed; he witnessed interment camps where Bosnian Muslims were turned from human beings into skeletons…
Before we get to the challenge details, here's a bit of very happy news from Cheryl and the Sassy team. We are so lucky that the very talented Pat Frank has joined us. Please meet Pat and give her a sassy welcome!
Holly: That was the conclusion I meant for readers to draw, although I wouldn’t say Delaney was the victim in the situation (at least, not for most of it). I have been thinking about how it would play out in a story…
In September, a big truck of Chiles came rolling into Los Angeles! I went with my cousin to the El Rey Chile distribution in the La Puente High School parking lot. These chiles are grown in New Mexico and trucked out to Southern California each year.
Paper: Classic Chic paper from Basic Grey Little Black Dress Collection
These all came from Orion Children's Books, are out now and are for under-12s. The Gathering Dark: The Grisha 1 by Leigh Bardugo is coming from Indigo at Orion in May and is a major US YA fantasy, published in the US as Shadow and Bone.
Why do I still hold out and say that it’s still not perfect? At this stage, it’s merely a matter of sound waves. I could do without the loudspeakers blaring top 40 hits during the pre-show, and the show’s original musical score was very much not to my liking. Music creates atmosphere. The circus is supposed to be romantic, it’s supposed to take you away to far away times and places. By definition, it should be old-fashioned. I want calliope! I want it to sound like a carousel or a John Philip Sousa marching band! The day I finally walk into an American circus that sounds as magical as it looks will be the day that I love it without reservation.
Austin may be lagging in rainfall, but there's a shower of savings in this week's supermarket circular round-up.
Like I said, Charlie Sheen used to be a good actor. Look at Platoon. Look at Wall Street. Look at Lucas. Look at those goofy Hot Shots! flicks, even. He seemed to know what worked as an actor and how to best present himself. It's been awhile since he's been in a movie or TV show or bombed personal tour where he wasn't presented as something more than a joke or a walking time bomb. This is more of an artifact of a long-ago age hat can never be attained again. Every actor has them; I guess this is Charlie's.
Back to my resume-enhancing work.
It is maintained by the Solicitor General and the amicus curiae that eight Justices are necessary to pronounce a judgment on the nullity of the executive orders in question, under section 9 of Republic Act No. 296 and Article VIII, section 10 of the Constitution. This theory is made to rest on the ground that said executive orders must be considered as laws, they having been issued by the Chief Executive in the exercise of the legislative powers delegated to him.
Such acronyms as PVL, RSV, BPD, CP and numerous others.
Conclusions? If you want to maximise your PLR, write children's fiction - more than half the PLR income came from around a ninth of my books. Children's trade non-fiction is much more profitable than schools and libraries titles, showing that children are more interested in reading for fun than doing their homework. Who's surprised? Not me.
Khewa Khan enrolled both Mirza and Sahibañ at the local mosque, the usual place for basic education those days. A student would start off with alphabet, or patti as it was called, and then graduate to reading the Quran, chapter by chapter, and then to other subjects, if any, depending on the interest of the student and his/her parents. The imam of the mosque, commonly called maulvi or qazi, would be the sole teacher.
RENOVATION PROJECT
Perhaps those Chechens who detonate themselves on the Moscow subway or behead captured Russian soldiers are the ones who need reminding who is "part of Russia" and who isn't?
South Africa loses billions of dollars due to negligence and corruption by the ANC Government.
They might also be able to outsource the DPO role, which he sees as a potential business opportunity for entrepreneurs.
Gold Glitter Thank You- Bought at Target in a pack of 50 just about a week ago. This is my standard pack of Thank Yous for gifts. I really like it, it’s got just enough glitter to say “Hey THANKS- SERIOUSLY, there’s glitter involved” who lies about glitter?
But I couldn’t move. It felt as though something was sitting on my chest and was pinning my arms down. I heard the rush of what sounded like demons all around me. They were whispering blasphemies and other horrific things in my ears; I was experimenting with atheism at the time, but this was enough to make me try to pray. I couldn’t speak, and all I wanted to do was scream.
said you loved me
I walk into my apartment halfway expecting to see puddles everywhere, but to my surprise there is not a drop to be found. From what it looks like, he pulled up all the linoleum, removed the water and laid it back down. I Imagine he had to to move the furniture around to do this, but if he did I certainly can’t tell. He also took it upon himself to clean the mirrors and television glass, take out the garbage and arrange some of my shoes next to the door (which actually creeps me out a little). I’m considering sending him a thank you card as well as a request for his services on a weekly basis in exchange for english lessons.
Arab Islamic faithers do act as if Malaysia, much less Orang Asli Malay East Malaysia is their ‘spiritual’ colony (Nusantaran Animism being the local faith system especially in East Malaysia). The Arab likely filled with the ‘spiritual colonialist’ pathos was not ready to allow other non-Muslims to express themselves in what was after all neutral space for all faiths and expressions. It is not chivalrous to hit women you Arabs, though some women have indeed become very disrespectful to the point of unprofessionalism and used feminism to disregard faith-sensitivity issues.
3. Interlude
OK, back to Gary's card. I chose a Magnolia image for this card. I know it is called 'Brother and Sister', but I think the image works for a couple as well. I stamped this on Cryogen CS with Memento ink. The color scheme came from the Authentique Journey collection. I used Stampin' Up CS for the card, and I distressed all my papers with my Zutter Distrezz-It-All. The sentiment is from an Inkadinkado Wedding/Marriage stamp. The large flourishes were made with a Magnolia Doohickey die; corner flourishes were made with a Cheery Lynn Lace Corner Deco B die. I also used a Spellbinders Classic Rectangle die to cut out the sentiment. A little Wrights' Lace Trim and a Prima flower were added, as well as some image accents with a Signo Uniball white gel pen. Last, but certainly, not least, I colored the image with Copics: W0, W2, W4, W6, B12, B14, B16, E0000, E000, E00, E11, E13, E30, E31, E35, E37, E50.
I call this my dragon. It looks like a dragon to me, laying on top of the mound.
SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT
So, I usually write down a quote. But this time I don't have one for you. And it's not because there weren't any quotes I wanted to steal for my review, it's just that this is the type of book that flows and moves fast and anything I would have wrote down might have been spoilery. But I can promise you that the dialogue and writing is fabulous. There were some pretty funny moments in this book too. It's just a really great book and world to escape into. It's exactly what I was looking for in a book when I opened it up. And it blew me away.
- Rent a table for your business: Table rental costs $25 for 6 hours (contact Mr. Oshaben at 440-204-1773 or Marianne Prete at 440-396-7149 by Thursday, April 12th).
Maisa, Imtithal and Saameira: (look at each other.) Ms. Anwaar!
Preheat the oven to 350°.
They say too many stupid people are breeding too much.
F. Thursday -- List those you will pray for on Thursdays. (This is my day to pray for our country and for our extended families.)
… Delany stressed that the Big Ten was merely at the discussion stage, but he added the league is interested in talking to other conferences to see if they also favor such a plan. He acknowledged many schools and conferences across the country couldn’t afford to cover those additional expenses, which could run about $300,000 a year just for football and men’s basketball players alone.
The tornado tore through several towns north-east of Tokyo, with television footage from the city of Tsukuba showing houses torn apart, overturned cars and toppled power poles.
One of the advantages (certainly for me) of exercise, is that it can help to free your mind…it is time alone, time to release the ‘beast’, to ponder and put things into perspective.
the writer of this story. “The Sensorites” is not just Newman’s sole Doctor Who credit, but along with an obscure non-horror Hammer film called Yesterday’s Enemy, it amounts to 50% of the deceased writer’s only official credits. If Newman had some massive resume, I might be more inclined to pull apart this work, but as is, I feel the need to label it a mild curiosity, even if not an altogether successful effort and one that should be given some reappraisal in the name of all that’s decent.
First, there was Tea. And Cake. Oh, all right. And Wine.
12. Leaves - "I Go Down"
That is after all the point of a workshop. To discover new things that you can develop and apply to your future work and projects...
The flames of Hell make home in the sky
"However, the PSC report brings to light the necessity for government to close the loopholes or administrative bungles which lead to applicants with criminal records coming into the public service employment," said Nyaka.
But that's basically it, friends. I didn't lose weight, my skin didn't clear up, I didn't notice a huge change in energy or mood... basically, I was the same, but I liked my food a lot more and enjoyed cooking a lot more. But for me, it wasn't some miraculous health change. (I know it is for some.) It also, on the other hand, did not have any negative effects. I had the same health problems as before (eczema, hay fever) at the same levels, and didn't suffer from any huge physical changes.
and we've learned what their
Do you use critique partners or beta readers? Why or why not?
Sprinkle the seeded and grated cucumber with a bit of salt to help leech the water – leave aside for about 30 min. Once it is done, with your hands squeeze out all of the water. Place in a bowl with the yogurt, garlic and a splash of olive oil – mix well and voila!
9 lb. Maris Otter, Crisp -3L
Beer C: Westmalle Tripel
Deflate the dough by placing your fingers under it, lifting a section of the dough, and then letting it fall back into the bowl. Work your way around the circumference of the dough, lifting and releasing. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate the dough overnight, or for at least 4 to 6 hours, during which time it will continue to rise and may double in size again. After this long chill, the dough is ready to use in any brioche recipe. This recipe yields enough brioche dough for 3 têtes or 3 loaves.
Jamie wrote the following about the proposal for the new accesses and hydro-electric pylons which are planned for erection. All dowsers know of the disruption to ancient geomatric energy when an electricity supply crosses over an ancient sacred site–in particular one where sacred honoring and tradition have been maintained.
My Language Lab English classes are a mixed bag. One class will be a runaway success with everyone yelling out answers and getting into it - the next will have a bunch of dud, dead spots where lose momentum and the kids begin to lose itnerest (begin to chat amongst themselves, etc). It's still very gratifying - but the new car smell (novelty of an American teacher) has worn off a bit, which means, I must figure out the challenge of actually teaching them, not just entertaining them.
I am that Mom, who, after all is said and done, is often caught off guard by how FAST those emotions can come, and go.
Rather, NYU would offer Poly the benefits of its larger platform and loan Poly money, perhaps $50 million at the start (according to an NYU source in the Times), based on the engineering school’s unused air rights, boosted by the city's Downtown Brooklyn rezoning. There should be other financial benefits; NYU has a better bond rating, lowering the cost of borrowing, and greater capacity to support new construction; Poly has signed a letter of intent regarding its air rights with developer Forest City Ratner, its MetroTech neighbor, but has not begun new buildings.
The new Krones bottling lines each produce 600 bottles/minute versus 400 on the old Krones line. All of the bottles are conditioned 2 weeks at 60 degrees Farenheit. Sierra Nevada conserves their CO2 and recaptures the excess produced in fermentation.
Long sleeve tech shirt
Above: The iconic St. Basil’s Cathedral, one of the most photographed buildings in the world. Lenin’s Mausoleum (right) on Red Square — featured in GOLD TRAIN.
The Washington Post.
the right song, right sights, and connected brainwave
When I call and tell my dad something, she always takes the phone or calls me back later to demand the 'girl version,' by which she means all the important details that might've slipped past my dad. She calls me a zillion times a week to talk about nothing--to scroll through my friend's wedding registry while she's reading the items aloud to me, to tell that my cousin got a new job, to tell me that she read this post on Apartment Therapy where there was a kitchen that reminded her of mine and did I see it and am I by my computer because I should look it up--because it matters to her to share these things. During the two interminable years she was remodeling her house, she would call at all hours to demand that I find my tape measure and measure out, say, the height of my countertops so I could tell her if I liked them and thought that was a reasonable height for her kitchen-to-be.
Health; we all take it for granted until we no longer have it. I’m on this band wagon myself right now, since William and I both have been passing some sort of bug back and forth for almost a month now. So, how are we using the Law of Attraction for health? Well, let me preface this with, the Law of Attraction needs help. You can’t sit and think healthy thoughts and expect to recover from illness or even stay healthy. This is probably the simplest example of how Law of Attraction works. To be and stay healthy, you have to act healthy. What is acting healthy? Eating the right amounts of the right foods, a.k.a balanced diet. You can’t eat sweet rolls for breakfast, a candy bar for lunch and then ice cream and cake for dinner, then wonder why your stomach doesn’t feel right, your bathroom routine is non existent and your face is swollen. At the same time, don’t eat raw vegetables three times a day either. This will have the exact opposite affect on your bathroom routine and your face will still be swollen and you’ll probably have stomach cramps. Eat small portions of foods from each food group (and no wine and chocolate donuts are not food groups, if they were, I’d be very happy!). I also advocate eating dessert maybe twice a week. Or if you’re one of those people who just isn’t satisfied until you’ve had a bite or two of sweetness, then eat just one or two bites of something sweet. William keeps a bowl of candy on the kitchen table. Usually something like jelly beans, skittles, Hershey’s kisses, etc. So after eating he can grab a few pieces to quell that sweet craving.
The Royal Rajasthan tour is another complete package of history and culture. The tour is for 14 nights and 15 days and includes all the major locations of Rajasthan starting from the capital of India, Delhi towards Rajasthan’s city of Marwada, Bikaner, Jaisalmer, Manwar, Luni, Mount Abu, Udaipur, Pushkar, Samode and finally Jaipur from Jaipur you return to Delhi. The package includes your daily breakfast during the tour, cost of accommodations inclusive of all taxes, a spacious air conditioned car with enough space to accommodate your luggage, pickups and drops from the airport, railway station and hotels, all safaris and boat rides, etc.
Jane’s Walk honours the legacy and ideas of urban activist and writer Jane Jacobs who championed the interests of local residents and pedestrians over a car-centered approach to planning. Jane’s Walk helps knit people together into a strong and resourceful community, instilling belonging and encouraging civic leadership.
Shiseido Natural Finish Cream Concealer in 02 Medium
It's a very interesting thing to find yourself with a man who wants you just for you. I guess I'm still not used it. Over the years I've always had to beat out the other girls, make sure I was at the computer for the aim conversation or else someone else would take my place, be at my best constantly because the idiot I was with didn't care for the off days, or having to put on a show.... Not now. I don't have to put on anything or try...just be myself. How interesting...and comforting on so many levels.
I know that I am posting this at the last minute, but if you are free on Friday 27 April at 3 PM and are in New York, I highly recommend that you try to get a rush ticket for La Chispa de la Vida that is screening at the Tribeca Film Festival. The first thing I will say is that the translation of the title is, to me, weird. The title in Spanish literally translates into English as “The spark of life.” Maybe this means that I should write English-language subtitles for Spanish cinema and television as a career (and maybe in the reverse for things that are dubbed into Spanish are subtitled).
Publisher -
During a Momma martini night a couple of weeks ago a gal pal recommended I research the benefits of acupuncture in my war against my Rebellious Hormonal Malfunction. Setting aside the fact that I am already shelling out hundreds of dollars a month in bio-identical hormone therapy, amino acids and supplements that insurance does not cover, I enthusiastically agreed to give it a go.
One of the balls was heaved back at Hines, who then hopped in his cart and headed for the group, police and witnesses said.
There was a large crowd of civilians, politicians, journalists, and thrill-seekers who followed along with picnic baskets to watch the great battle to decide the war once and for all.
I’m ready now. I almost wish tomorrow was Sunday!
What do they want to talk about at our annual conference on reporting and communications?, we asked ourselves.
TEL AVIVTue Jan 17, 2012 12:07am EST - (Reuters) – Data from the first ALS patients in a clinical trial treated with BrainStorm Cell Therapeutics adult stem cell therapy did not show significant side effects and the treatment has so far proven to be safe, the company said on Tuesday…http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/01/17/us-brainstorm-trial-embargoed-idUSTRE80G07Q20120117?feedType=nl&feedName=ushealth1100
And that was a bit surprising to me. This was not a national championship. I cannot say that Oregon is the best college football team in the nation (they are not). But it did not matter. I was incredibly proud and excited over what had just taken place and I would bet the team’s feelings were similar.
December:
Black is a little harsh for my coloring so the first color I tried was Stash (a greenish/gold) and it wasn’t just the gorgeous color that won me over, it was the product as a whole. 24/7 Glide is the softest and creamiest liner I have ever used-no pressing or stretching of your lids to get a nice even application. And because it goes on so soft and so easy, I was initially concerned that it would smudge or melt away during the day, but that was not the case at all. This liner lasts, and lasts, and lasts. It doesn’t smear or fade away-it looks exactly the same when I take it off at night as it does when I put it on in the morning. And while I probably shouldn’t admit this, I have had several lazy nights where I have slept in my make up (yikes!) but wake up with it looking exactly the same as it did the day before. And perhaps even more amazing than that, despite its staying power, it comes off easily with eye makeup remover or face wash in the shower.
I think I'm drooling a little. Crispy tater tots sprinkled with cayenne pepper? Heaven.
The Commonwealth 2014 is already moving Glasgow up the economic ladder and can take the city to another level, however the total cost of “£1 Billion” for the construction transport and venues projects seems a little out of Scotland’s budget. Mr Black commented that: “The Scottish government is funding around half of this cost. The games themselves will cost £524 million of which the Scottish government is providing £344 million. The council is providing £80 million with the balance coming from commercial income.”
Regardless of not being familiar with her other tracks, I really enjoyed her performance, and I can say it’s one of those musical learning curve. I got introduced to a track titled “Feelings”, a total banger if I have to say so myself, one of those memorable tracks you get to hum even in your sleep.
Deuteronomy 17:14-20:
Second, its purpose. The BBC, being a public broadcaster, could not out and out get involved in tastemaking. This posed a problem for any effort it might want to make to document rock music and youth culture. Its solution was thus necessarily to be documentarian about it. Top of the Pops would feature whatever was popular. Any single ascending the charts was eligible, and no week-to-week repetitions were allowed unless the song was the number one. By design and mandate it wasn’t allowed to flinch or avoid things unless they were blatantly inappropriate. As a result counterculture got free reign on Top of the Pops - even the Sex Pistols made a 1977 appearance.
The place was huge.
It's my favorite day of the week Paint Party Friday Make sure to hop over and check out all the wonderful array of artists sharing their weekly creativity! This week I am sharing seven faces that I started for the 29 faces of May challenge over at Ayala blog. They were all done in a sketch book, using watercolor back ground and acrylics for the faces. I photographed them, and on a few I did a color brightness adjustment with an editing tool. I thought one of the faces was a female, now I realize it's actually a male.... even the name is unisex. They all gave me their names except the singer and the girlfriend....maybe they're into something nefarious and don't want their names on the internet! They do seem like a colorful couple!! lol
On the subject of excuses, if you’re a school administrator who’d making excuses for this shit you need to recognize that those victims are children entrusted to your care. Their safety should be your first priority and if bullying is happening on your watch you are failing. Saying “boys will be boys” or similar trite bullshit just compounds your failure by trivializing the suffering of children under your care and a willful attempt to deflect your negligence.
That night, I had the worst breakdown I’ve had in months.
On Monday I made my debut on the Kigali quiz circuit. As a regular in the pub quizzes of Cheltenham and with a couple of underwhelming appearances (and one notable success, narrowly missing out on the ‘cash money’ prize due to failing on the questionable tie breaker question on the world record of how many eggs cracked on someone’s head in a minute) in Manchester, I expected to shine. Unfortunately that isn’t exactly what happened! With some questions undoubtedly biased toward the resident expat community: ‘Which country did Nakumatt originate in and what did it sell?’ (Kenya, and mattresses in case you were wondering!) and some just plain out there: ‘What did Beethoven eat for breakfast?’ (strong coffee and a cigar – a bit of a trick question if you ask me, there was no eating involved!) my major contribution was answering ‘What happens once in a second, once in a month and once in a century, but never in a hour, a day or a decade’ with N. And I was ashamed of myself for not getting the next two letters in the sequence J.J.A.S. (Answers in the comments section please!!) The highlight of the quiz for me was the pizza. After over 2 weeks of eating rice and beans for dinner I had a major craving for pizza. Although I didn’t expect the chips that came with it to come on top of it! (Seriously, omelets and pizzas with chips in/on…why?!?) Unfortunately that taste of Western food has opened the floodgates for all types of strange cravings. At the moment I’m writing a mental list of what I want my parents to bring to the airport when they pick me up (Krispy Kremes, Crunchy Nut Cornflakes and Wine Gums being the major ones!). I’d request beans on toast but I feel perhaps that would be better catered for back at the house! Although, there is a slight chance I might find bakes beans in Nakumatt, so we might be alright! Anyway, the quiz was a success, and will be repeated the week after next (next week I plan to be in Butare), hopefully with better success!
2) I haven't yet run across a commercially-made Amer Picon that I'm wild about, but the homemade stuff that my fellow boozeblogger SeanMike Whipkey of The Scofflaw's Den makes is fantastic, and it's what I use in this drink. His version is based on Jamie Boudreau's Amer Picon recipe, which just goes to show how incestuous the booze geek community really is.
By Diry Three, the accompanying drawings, which include icons of childhood, and of the Lulu landscape, correlate more directly to the amusing text. It's fascinating to see the process of this feature get tweaked with each new installment.
Client: “The last vehicle I bought, I ended up owing aLOT more than the vehicle was worth when I went to trade it in.”
She mustn’t listen to the voices,
4. And then wait. Most agents will get back to you in the time asked. For those who don’t, they should at least ask for more time or let you know when they can get back to you. For anyone who seems uncommunicative or lacks the ability to get back to you in time, cross them off your list. Either they aren’t interested enough for you to want to work with them or their communication style isn’t what you want in an agent (unless of course you’re fine with being ignored).
One very big difference between Islam and Sikhism with regards to men and women is that Sikhs respect women, whereas Muslims, as Muslims, seem despise them (or at least Islam does). Even as a teenager, being brought up in Bradford Moor, Bradford, I noticed that Sikh women were well-respected by Sikh men and were ‘allowed’ to look attractive.
Here are some easy to understand woodworking plans.
The mistakes these authors and writers make are quite jarring to those of us who list guns as a hobby, a passion, or a profession; and they can ruin our enjoyment of the work. And for those who don't know, and aren't interested in guns, it spreads unrealistic, or even silly, stupid, or dangerous, misconceptions about guns.
It’s all about who you know, but more importantly who knows you, who sees you as the liminal gateway to their success.
A heavy frost killed my blueberries two weeks ago. Today it was almost 83 degrees and I watched in horror as I saw the brussels sprouts and brocolli go limp. The lettuce will get bitter in this heat. I will need to harvest the spinach early because the hot days will ruin its flavor. I have carrots in the ground and a second round of radish I hope I can get them grown and full of flavor but I know they prefer cool air. The first batch of radishes were a gorgeous assortment of french breakfast, cherry reds, white and pinks. A few of them were left in the ground too long and they came out resembling angry purple turnips. I should have carved faces into them like they do in Mexico on the "Night of the Radishes".
This is my very favorite birthday memory of him. He was 4 and he wore this tuxedo to Chuck E. Cheese for his party...and he wrote this little ditty. He could NOT be more adorable.
I actually showed this card at a recent workshop I had. I wanted to show off the Blossom Builders Designer Printed Kit that is in the Occasions Mini. I wanted to show how easy it is to use our kits to put beautiful cards together.
I feel it is our eyes that are responsible for seeing it this way and that it probably isn’t really like this. I could ponder all day. I look forward to hearing any and all explanations.
I'm really interested in Kinder goats, but haven't been able to find a breeder in our area. I've actually got my eye on an adorable baby boy (which would come in handy eventually), but hubby's concerned that a goat will tie us down way more than our chickens already do.
Further, attorney Teschner admits that I am “admitted to practice in New Jersey” … but then he asserts, without any explanation, that I am supposedly unauthorized to do so. This is utterly untrue, and it further besmirches my reputation for no reason. … I have not been found ineligible to practice law in New Jersey, in New York or any other jurisdiction.
When we first started our kitchen remodel I didn't really think a pot filler was needed ... plus it would probably be in the way of my backsplash tiles and mess with my design .... or so I thought
So well done to Dave Mutch, of Ormskirk Christian Fellowship; Mr Rowlands, headteacher at Ormskirk CE Primary and everyone involved in this great community initiative.
First thing I noticed about a mile and a half in was that it felt better than yesterday. No knee or ankle twinges, no heavy legs and no real heavy breathing. Nice. Comfortable. My true “happy place.”
However, I am on a tight deadline for this DQS11 and so I heeded to some great advice from Dolores at Deeroo Designs. Dolores is always keen on a glue stick (as anyone who followed her Tickertape QAL can vouch for) and her suggestion was that you glue the fabric to the paper template. I wasn't so sure at first, but these tiny little pieces were taking so long...
So... I borrowed my mom’s St. Ives Apricot Exfoliating Face Wash to use before I moisturized the shit out of my face.
A Syrian rebel stands guard in front of a damaged building in Homs
There are more examples to this (besides the obvious up-beat 'Sleepless' that everyone loves to hate). The end track 'Dreaming: The Romance' appears to be the perfect storm of kitsch at first. Pretentious title, obvious overstatement and a 23 minute synth pad ambient track that sounds like an outtake from a Tangerine Dream record. And yet, it works. It works as the bookend to the high drama of the record, it's a gentle wash to a shore outside, shallow consciousness, almost dreaming. Though the heights the record reaches are artificially pushed (as in most metal records - how often does your life make you scream in guttural tones about the death of everything?), the long stretches of melancholy are very human and real - Heavy Metal fantasy peaks and long stretches of gentle melancholy. 'Dreaming: The Romance' serves this notion. Anathema succeed in their ambient excursion in spite of themselves again.
I'm a lifelong fan of comic art of all kinds, so I've honored cartoonists such as David Levine and Leo Cullum, hardly household names.
Or wheels. Or at least one big axle.
I must say that The Mark of Athena, the continuation of the Heroes of Olympus series that this book is part of, will be amazing. Mark what I say: It’s going to start in Camp Juniper with JG and PJ, just after the Festus ship touches down. I don’t know who the three lucky fellows will be who narrate this one, but I know it will have either JG or PJ. Probably JG, Pied Piper and Repairman again. The Pied Piper and Praetor Rain will be competing for JG, while Fai will be working to get Hazelnut back from Repairman, whatever his first name is. Annie Oakley will be there for PJ at last, and General Peanut Butter and Chicken-girl will be hitting on each other again. Then the whole story of this book will be going along any road (they all lead there anyway) to the old(er) city, where of course Annie Oakley will come along (architecture, remember?) with PJ, along with JG, Repairman, Pied Piper, Fai and Hazelnut, all looking for Nicky Angel. Most likely Pony-boy will come along on Festus ship to say hi to Praetor Rain, but of course Argyle will stay home to keep an “eye” on Camp Help Bud. Those three will probably stay at Juniper with Octagon while PJ and co. run off on Festus to save Nicky Angel. Then they’ll chose the seven for the prophecy and whatnot, most likely with the main characters of book 1 and the main characters of book 2, plus one more: Annie Oakley? Nicky Angel? Not Rain… Probably someone unexpected who pops up in book 3.
I won’t betray you
Megan pressed her lips together and glanced sideways at me. “You’re not the only smart kid in the school, you know.”
What will happen is that Western structures in America will be either destroyed from without, or transformed from within, used to suit the goals of the new rulers. And they will reign either through terror, as in Zimbabwe today, or exert other corrupt pressures to obtain, or buy votes. Once power is in the hands of aliens, don't expect loyalty or devotion to principle from those whose jobs are at stake. One of the most surprising and tragic components of the disaster in South Africa is how many previously anti-ANC whites simply moved to the other side.
He has also re-raked what will be the back lawn and brought all the small stones to the front so it will be easy to scrape them into a bucket. Keeping the birds off newly sown grass seed is going to be fun (not).
since the study started, not only filled up the emptiness, i nearly got choke and drown with this decision. some how for whatever had started, we shall end it nicely, so i shall at least pass all the modules and get my master degree.
In fact, that was the drug’s original purpose — but when its makers noticed that men who took it got hairier, the side effect quickly became a marketing bonanza.
Success. Fortune. Sex. Drugs.
The idea was based on a Compassionate Cooks podcast where Colleen first described open heart surgery and then compared that with the alternative by reading a recipe for split pea soup.
Fuck hospitality.
Someone who is well dressed
I also have some RAK to give away - just leave me a comment and I will draw a random winner out on Monday morning....there are LOTS of chance to win some prizes - you just have to be in it to win it!!!
When I woke up this morning & saw the room was still dark, I thought I had plenty of time to go back to sleep. But that's when I rolled over & saw it was 4:45 am
I liked it the first few times I wore it. It's lightweight and easy to blend in. At first, it will look white on your face but once you start to oil up, it will look invisible.
with, and have fun!
Angel is PK Stamp colored w/copics and stickled w/diamond stickles.
This transformation that is occurring is an inner stretching of consciousness expanding. We are recalibrating our understanding of reality as individuals and as a collective. We are expanding the boundaries of ourselves and in the process re-defining ourselves in every way. Old understandings, old structures and old patterns are dissolving as clarity and vision are emerging.
from 58,000 and 79,000 last night,
Safe Planet by Rodney Kevin Laws is near the entrance to the Cellar Doors. From what I have been able to read, Laws was inspired to experiment creatively with metal after he inherited his late father's anvil as a teenager. A move to the country gave him the opportunity to pursue this creativity through the passionate expression for his love of nature and the human mind.
For those who don’t know, this breezy rom-com starred Amanda Peet as ‘Alex Meyers’, a no-nonsense lawyer (and recently divorced single mother), who hires an irresponsible-but-ridiculously-handsome contractor (Walton) to renovate her kitchen. Of course, at first she finds him intensely aggravating and arrogant, but slowly, grudgingly warms to him over the course of the series. Watching from the sidelines are Alex’s slightly-slutty younger sister ‘Screwsie’ (Margo Harshman), and helmet-haired daughter ‘Charlie’ (Joey King). Peet has to play everything pretty straight and serious, so Harshman is free to steal a lot of scenes as the less stuffy sibling… flirting with the workmen, drinking at random hours of the day, and encouraging Charlie to wreak petty vengeance on her bullies! Harshman also appeared in Rise: Blood Hunter, as the police detective’s missing daughter… but by the time her character appeared I must have been too busy watching the clock to pay much attention. She was great here though, so I’ll have to keep an eye for her in future. I thought King was very sweet and engaging too… although she did have a peculiar habit of vanishing for entire episodes, without anyone noticing!
Nominated, European Film Awards 2000 – European Discovery of the Year (Agnes Jaoui)
1. Rowan kicking/moving
Pappy slapped his hands together startling an alligator sunning itself on the bank of the small tributary, “Let’s go get us some choppers then!”
Pandora is the ”comeback mechanic” of Street Fighter X Tekken, which can only be activated when both of your characters have around 25% health left than pressing down twice followed by the two medium attacks, which causes your first character to sacrifice themselves to power up your secondary character. When this happens your secondary character gets engulfed in a power aura, receives a health boost, power boost and infinite meter. The catch is that you have eight seconds to win the round or you automatically those. Pandora as of right now doesn’t really seem like a cause for concern, as the eight second window is pretty restricting and ultimately it feels sort of pointless. The in-game clock also has been a bit of an issue as time-outs can happen often, but this could be do to the fact the game systems haven’t been totally explored yet. While the game play is overall very fun and does have the depth you expect out of a Capcom Fighter, for people who mostly play Tekken you may have a bit more work cut out for you as the game is still mostly a Street Fighter game with some Tekken elements put in. I also can’t help but feel that there might be too many systems in place for its own good. Although this could be simply because things like Pandora haven’t really been explored.
He blamed the collapsing infrastructure on the Public Works Department's cancellation of long-term maintenance contracts last June, replacing them with a call centre.
Today's adventure, however, was a rock-hound's dream come true. I went to the Ohio Caverns with The Hubs, The Boy and The FIL (father-in-law). Complete with miniature flying bats, we walked down to 10-stories below the surface of the earth. And Oh! The wonders that were there. And as we were not allowed to touch anything (for fear of ruining thousands of years of growth), I came home with nary a rock. But I did come home with something... here are just a few photos, in no particular order, that I took...
Star Trek forums are amazing. They allow people to communicate with others that have the same interests, and share things that they find interesting. One can enter a specific "thread" and read various opinions and explanations for episodes, personalities, and inconsistencies. There are people who prefer for discussion to be canon, and those who wish to include all references such as novels and comics. Entering a Star Trek forum is truly a unique experience - at least to me.
“Knowing how to pass the time in a confined space with a bunch of strangers who didn't have the good sense to take a damn plane is an art form, am right?” Jack lifts himself from his seat, takes a fluid, sweeping view of their fellow passengers, “It’s like a bunch of airport rejects am I right? Yeah, I am. That's exactly what they are.” without waiting for agreement he smiled a sudden game show grin slipping a casual heroes wink at her direction, “I guess that includes the two of huh?” he feigned a humble smirk and crossed his eyes toward the tip of his nose. His random attempt at politely sill theatrics made the sloshing sound of refuse seem preferable to being held captive by Mr. Friendly. “Still, if we were on a plane at least we’d have a complimentary barf bag to read and a sky mall magazine in case of sudden nausea.” Jack licked his lips before curling them in under his teeth as if a sudden attack of famine would cause his to devour himself, “ I could seriously go for a bag of
I am trying everything......well almost everything. Recently I have been running. And I HATE running! My motto is that I only run if I'm being chased, and even then I'd probably get caught by the chaser. I am also not supposed to run. My feet/back/knees can't take it. It's a problem that is all connected. But I have been doing it anyway and icing my various parts to avoid injury.
Our table of four held myself, my Shelley-belly (another job friend), and two other girls. One who regaled us with her story from the summer wherein she had a hot and thought-provoking fling with a pool boy. We were enthralled and poked for details. The next time I see this woman I'll get even more details. Love them details!
i have been afraid to share the BAD!
Later reports of the incident were less certain that Vaux’s death had been a suicide, and the exact circumstances of his death remain unclear to this day. At 70 years old, a fatal slip was certainly possible, and his son C. Bowyer believed it to be an accident, according to a New York Times report.
Grasses around the camp for up to a mile or so was cut down the next day. For a few days the fear of lions dominated the camp. Around a month later, it became old news, forgotten by everyone. Work continued as before.
"That's funny." I said. "I'm going there too."
The style is extremely similar to mine (just add some Alencon lace and beading and a delicate little lace bolero jacket) which makes me excited because I thought Marcia was the belle of the ball last night! So timeless.
GID can emerge in early childhood, or later in adolescence. When symptoms of GID emerge in childhood they often diminish with time; however roughly 75% of boys with GID grow up to have a homosexual or bisexual orientation (American Psychiatric Association, 1994). It is primarily men who have experienced GID from childhood through adulthood who are most interested in, and satisfied with, sex reassignment surgery. Of those who do not opt for surgery, some enjoy taking on the desired gender role, including dress (transvestism). However, not all transvestites are transgendered; some are men with a male gender identity who enjoy playing with female roles and with the sex/gender contradictions.
Transparent 6-Section Toolbox
A simple parameter change, h:0,k:0,p:1,parallelTo:y, causes the parabola to open to the right.
I'm glad some people have met their soul-mate. It must be so hard to loose them if they should die. But what if the relationship was hard like in my case? I have met others who had a hard time when their partner was dying as the cancer changed their personality such as in liver cancer. Yes I found that to be the case, although my husband suffered a brain tumor & not liver cancer. But my doctor said it wouldn't have effected his personality. However I had had problems for years with him. I had always blamed the steroids he was taking for colitis as he had seemed a reasonable person until then.
This suitable arrangement of astral influences is never a creation of man’s will, but is the arrangement of the superior management of the agency of the Supreme Lord. Of course, the arrangement is made according to the good or bad deeds of the living being. Herein lies the importance of pious acts performed by the living being. Only by pious acts can one be allowed to get good wealth, good education and beautiful features.
Preheat the oven to 325°F. If you want, line a baking sheet with parchment or aluminum foil. It makes cleanup easier.
“Uh, sweetie, did you forget something?” He shouted from the shower.
To photograph 'their' version of Charles Portis' novel, The Brothers once again reunited with British cinematographer Roger Deakins. He's been working with them for two decades now, and I presume they keep inviting him back because (a.) they get along together and (b.) the guy's really good. Deakins is no slouch at the "Western look" either: he worked on Andrew Dominik's The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford (shot in Canada) which, though few seemed to think was a great film, none would argue that it wasn't damn fine-looking. Though the Coens are more snarky than meditative and more verbal than scenic, Deakins' images hold their own.
Phase III
Well, I’m on the list.
Construction on the Red Palace was still underway when the Great Fifth died in 1682. Fearing the project would be abandoned, the monks kept his death a secret for 10 years until the Red Palace was completed. In the meantime, the Dalai Lama was impersonated by a monk who looked most like him.
A mark of its success is that Najib will not be rushing to call elections. Damage control will take months. Meanwhile, the hundreds of thousands of protestors in Malaysia and elsewhere — apparently 80 places, including Mount Everest, celebrated Bersih on Saturday afternoon — must spread the word about the unfairness of our electoral system, and the determination of Barisan Nasional to win at all costs, regardless of means. The heavy-handed treatment of Bersih marchers on April 28 must be the springboard from which a nationwide movement must be launched to end 55 years of continuous, unbroken one party rule at the ballot box. The time for change is now!
We tapped again to this video….and then let her take a big rest….afterward making plans on how she can make it right….doing chores in order to buy her friend a candy bar and replace the stolen one.
Provitamin D-2 – See Vitamin D.
Finally, I abandoned The Falling Woman by Pat Murphy because it is the kind of paperback fantasy that doesn’t wear well, despite having won the Nebula.
I know we have all seen these blue ftruit jars on blogs for ever seems like but I never get tired of seeing them and they look so good outside on my patio table. This is one of the tall ones, I just paid $2.50 each for them at a sale last couple weeks . I have several I bought back when I lived In Kentucky years ago.
All of the above is evidence of an existing and accelerating Islamisation of Europe.
On Monday, at a big sit-down on the Cardiff waterfront, Carwyn Jones promises to stay awake long enough to spell out the Labour position on the family's troublesome and embarrassing associate. For it has became clear that even being a made man is no longer enough to save the stubby hood. Too many people are asking too many questions. The heat is on. He has to go. There may soon be a private meeting between the two men at which Jones will thrust a large amount of money into Malik's hand and then turn his back. This being a traditional Mob way of retiring someone without whacking them. (Though in Malik's case it will need to be explained that this cash is not an advance on future expenses.)
This year, for the first time, Del and I are doing something for others at Christmas. Sure, we donate to the bell-ringers and the pet charity at the pet store every year, but I wanted to do more. Thanks to a church that we recently attended, we have been connected with people in one of Kansas City's missions. The church will be serving Christmas dinner. While we won't be able to help serve, we will be providing pie and cookies. This helps me a lot. I bake cookies every year for work, and I have been slacking this year because of how I feel. But now I HAVE to. I can't let the people at the mission down. My plan is to split the cookies between work and the mission, and I know that I'll be making people happy.
First, and this one is relatively easy no matter where you live, give blood. Austin has been using up his fair share from the blood bank lately so it seems like we ought to refill the coffers in his honor. And if you’re so inclined and have the time, give platelets too. Donating platelets takes a little longer and can’t be done as frequently as giving blood, but is important nonetheless. Maybe some of you who do this on a regular basis (Chris) can chime in with some advice in the comments section since I’ve never done it myself. I mentioned to my mom the other day that I’d been meaning to and she said, “No! You need to save your strength! Let other people do that.” I don’t really think it’s all that debilitating, but I’ll let the rest of you take that burden away from frail little me. Of course, your platelets wouldn’t necessarily go to Austin (although they might since he gets them so often!) but they would certainly go to some other deserving patient in need.
McMaster does tell us that the secret of brewing black cork died with its last brewer, Robert Keir, in 1837. I wonder how secret a beer recipe can really be, but it seems to have been accepted that the secret, whatever it was, was lost. It seems strange that a beer evidently well-known over a period of sixty years should just disappear, but there you go.
And an extra-special thank you to Karen. I always know when she’s reading one of my so-called “funny” blogs because I’ll hear an occasional whoop of laughter and a whack as she pounds the desk. Kind of makes it all worth it.
Mona in the Desert: Arizona, 1959. Ramona has traveled to a small town north of Phoenix to meet the mother of her fiance, Robert. Ramona isn't sure she wants to marry into Robert's family. Robert's mother takes an instant dislike to Ramona. Ramona can see into the future, or maybe it's only a dream of a possible future, and she's not sure she likes what she sees. She thinks that maybe she'd like to go off and be a free spirit instead of a wife and mother. This is planned as a novella. There is very little in the way of plot.
I started a Valentine version of Paisley, but with so much going on & not feeling 100%, she was put on the back burner. I hope to be able to finish her sketch and post her this afternoon.
And boots...oh don't get me started on boots. In my mind the only reason a leaf would fall from a tree is so it could be stepped on by a fashionable knee high boot. Right now I'm obsessed with anything that's worn and weathered. I don't want a new pair like the ones in the magazines (who am I kidding, I'd never turn them down), but I'm craving something that has a story behind it. A pair that looks as though they were formerly worn by a sheepherder in northern Ireland. Preferably with a heel so I can feel appropriately matched with my 6'5" boyfriend, but I'm not too picky. Oh and straps and buckles, lots and lots of straps and buckles, regardless of their uselessness in the real world.
Chong claims: “They never came back, ignored all my cries and I still don’t know what happened.” He was locked in a 5 ft by 10 ft holding cell, and was forced to go to extreme measures to survive. Chong admits that he had to drink his own urine, attempted to kill himself with the glass from his spectacles, and went insane.
11. What is your sister’s name?
--Oro condos
I've added the UFO Chick blog to a post I did recently, where I listed a slew of similar first-person sites (linked HERE). To me, this is an amazing facet of the overall phenomenon.
06. Spread Your Love
So I made Cinnamon Molasses Muffins yesterday, and of course there were plenty for my kiddo's this morning. However, my dear sweet little boy says, "Mommy I want BIG tootie (cookie)". He has a life-threatening food allergy to peanuts so there are a lot of things he just can't have because it's made in a facility that also processes peanuts, or may contain peanuts, or has tree nuts in it (he has to avoid tree nuts too). Then he's just a picky eater on top of that. I have tried the "you eat this or it will be waiting for you later, this is what we are having ... you will eat it or go hungry"-type of approach. There are some kids, contrary to popular belief...that will go hungry as opposed to eat something they don't like. I also think kids with food allergies taste things a little different than we do. So long story short...I caved and compromised...Pumpkin Cookies! Basically like a muffin anyways! Plus with the pumpkin it's semi-healthy!
Father: Mangadjane Male
We have had quite a week at our house. If you've ever had young children living in your house, than you know the week we had. The unexplainable, horrific, defcon 6 (thanks Shay) behavior. We can go weeks and I only have to discipline the kids harshly once or twice. I was setting records in just 3-4 hour blocks. I am only consoled by the fact that at least three of my other mommy friends said they had the same kind of week. I swear they mobilize against us while they are in Sunday School!
Basically this means, that new people are joining and staying. Apparently, when anyone joins, the server score is deducted 15 points, then for every minute they stay, the score gets incremented by 1 up to a maximum of 1 hour. The whole system intends to weight itself towards busy, well-run community servers to try and ensure that new players experience the best of TF2. So from that alone, our Server should do well. We have our seeding core of Clan and community players and, as well as new players, when the server is full, we have our more experienced regulars dropping in and out to give them a proper flavour of the game. And we’re seeing regulars who haven’t played for a while, stopping by for a couple of maps, easier now the server is staying full which is a great outcome.
1 tight
And here is the finished result. They absolutely loved doing this and were great at sharing. I got this kit from John Lewis and it was quite expensive at £15 but I think it was well worth it for the fun it created.
I’m working on a paper for another class, and in my research for that paper, I found an article comparing the modern day internet to the “infinite monkey theorem” by T.H. Huxley, grandfather of the late Aldous Huxley. The elder Huxley theorized that if you provide an infinite number of monkeys with an infinite number of typewriters, one of them will eventually type an actual piece of text, such as a play by William Shakespeare.
"Show me." She stepped closer to him, dimly aware of Notia hovering behind her, radiating pique in what she probably thought was an imitation of Dora's intensity. The Witness raised his hand, palm up. The bubble of his Witnessing seemed stronger than Van Raighan's, less cowed by the Stable Rods' proximity. But then, Van Raighan's hadn't actually been a Witnessing. Couldn't have been.
So here is a Rose in the Spring sun, w/ it’s little water jewelry. If you are looking outside and it’s storming just think spring will mellow soon enough and the flowers will be out soon.
I hope you have a wonderful New Year's celebration and wish you all the best for 2012. I hope we'll share many great blog visits and conversations between us and learn lots in 2012. I'll be back posting regularly next week and hope to see you then!
08. A Tribe Called Quest - Just Buggin’
and then --- BUT never use them! So, Clayton and I made our
Boy did I get one. R is sweet and spice and everything nice- sometimes.
Do you want more tips coming to New Zealand? Hope the following information helps you along when you arrive and depart from Auckland, Christchurch or Queenstown Airport.
I started running to get back into reasonable cardio-shape. I found that I liked it. I especially enjoy "social" running.
Deep, malty smell, like an immensely dark bread. Sharp alcohol smell comes through as well. Vinous, almost like a port.
-We're now planning a trip to Tokyo this summer. KTW has work and I'm tagging along :) Must renew passport asap.
Applicant #1-Isabeau-Dakota Corporation (established 1989), the owner of the building.
The only issue I had with the movie was that I felt Owen Wilson was miscast. I don't think he did a bad job; in fact, I think he did a very good job. The problem is that his persona and personality are not right for the part of the character (basically Woody Allen). He's too laid back, too funny, too cheery. Woody's characters are dry, nebbish, neurotic and misanthropic. It just doesn't fit. There are elements of the character that Owen Wilson seems to be well suited, but overall I don't think he delivers the Woody Allen neurosis. But I don't blame him; again, I think he was miscast.
I’m pretty surprised in myself because I don’t recall having asked for this advice on here before. But, if my memory serves me correct, I recall many of my fellow internet friends (that’s you) have read plenty of comics.
This is the whole lot.Nikon D50 with the kit lens, a 50mm 1.8 fixed lens, a 55-200mm lens and hood and UV lens cover, battery charger, USB and video cords, all manuals and CD's and if you are local (around the Twin Cities, MN) there are a couple of free class tickets that never expire (I did check on that). It is in great shape. I am asking $450 for the whole lot. It takes great photos, which if you go back through here from last year to the beginning of my blog, that is the camera I had been using.
But before that, I thought I should come clean, and confess I recently bought a pair of uber-wellies myself. My job often requires me to trudge through mud water, and filth, and no matter what the advertising says, I've yet to find a leather waterproofer that works for long. So I end up with cold wet feet. I had some wonderful wellies, they were made by Nokia.
Inspirational Quote: "It matters not what you are thought to be, but what you are."
Look around you? Are you comfortable? Yes? That's good right? Or is it? In that comfort, is there happiness? Satisfaction? Or is it laden with regret? Do you have what you have dreamed of having? Are you what you dreamed of being? Have you given up on your dreams and settled? I haven't given up on any of mine and most of mine have come true so now I've taken on some new ones because, well, why the heck not?
It looks and tastes just like beef! It has a slight gamey flavor but is quite delicious and makes a wholesome farm dinner. Serve with a hearty helping of the stuffing and a vegetable and you've got a great meal. What are some of your favorite ways to prepare organ meats? Share your recipes and tips with us!
Today's Lesson...Get to it !!!
Duane Ensing - I want you to look past the plants, and I want you to look at each leaf. I want you to see the landscape, but I want it to disappear. I want you to see natural beauty and I want you to be intrigued by intentional design. At the end of the day, I want our client to have peace with the creation we leave, and be able to relate well to the design intent.
In the summer of 1997, Ms Blais was sentenced not to jail, but to a year in a community residential centre, and she was hired as a representative--a sort of role model--by Montreal's autism society, as promised by Ms Lahaie.
Thus many Gypsies ended up stopping on the council run sites which, every time they were proposed in an area, were objected to left right and centre by local residents who feared mess and violence in their neighbourhoods and couldn't see any reason for them anyway since the Gypsies 'are a nomadic people'. These sites were concrete and soulless places and the council's rules did not allow the Gypsies to continue there any of their life's loves: keeping horses and dogs and sitting around fires under the sky, nor livelihoods such as storing scrap metal for buying and selling (which had become a main source of income for many since seasonal farm work had all but disappeared). These places were effectively ghettos at the grimmest ends of towns: under bypasses or beside municipal dumps. And the sites are fenced round with high walls and barbed wire. You can see in this photograph below of the Murston site near Sittingbourne in Kent, that the 8 foot high concrete fence posts are crooked inwards inferring that the inhabitants are to be kept in - the barbed wire is clearly not there to prevent intruders.
It's Day 5 of Scrap-Mart's 2011 Holiday Blog Hop. For five days starting on Dec. 5th through the 10th the FUN will begin each day Scrap-Mart's Blog. You will see projects from our current design team as well as be introduced to next year's designers. We will be joined in the hop by these great manufacturers:
I paired her with the vintage look cabbage rose covered paper in the Heidi Swapp Sugar Chic collection. The solid yellow and pink are from the same collection. This is a great collection with a lot of versatility to the patterns. The added faux stitching finishes it off.
Or, even, if they don’t marry – isn’t it fun to speculate? It’s like … Inception … mwahaha – you thought I could go without mentioning it.
Ink: Pumpkin Pie, Garden Green and Basic Black
Today, during teatime, I taught my host family the verb “to fart” and its proper usage when referring to the Rim the Farty Kitty (I’ve renamed her now, since she’s no longer pregnant. I think Rim the Farty Kitty goes rather well with Tomi the Barfy Kitty, don’t you?). As Abir, Abdenmabi, and Jamila repeated, “da cad – the cad- the CAT…FARDED!” I recalled walking to school with Ernie and his host brothers one morning in Buknari.
3 out of 5 – Inappropriate Content – Nikki is just as lovestruck over Brandon as she was in the first novel, plus what seems to be endless boy talk and fashion, trying to impress boys with lip-gloss and all. Mackenzie buys lip-gloss exclusively to appeal to Brandon.
Why did it take you so long to come?
I am still in Cairo, busy and dedicated to studying. My life here is very quiet and only filled with studying and researching. I don’t have any social relationships except with my school colleagues. We meet twice a week at the campus. I might go one more day to the University to spend sometime in the Library…
Besides any of my amazing family and friends…. I’d have to start with Jesus…cause…well, he’s Jesus. I’m a religious guy and I could certainly think of a few topics of conversation. Then I would add Jimmy Stewart to the mix. I’m huge fan of his. He’s that classic movie star that played the everyday man so well. Also, I think he and Jesus would hit it off. Well, there likely old friends already, right? Finally, Annie Leibovitz would receive an invite as well. I’m a wedding photographer as well as an actor. So, Annie Leibovitz is a sort of hero of mine in the photography realm. Plus, she could take some kick-ass pics of this outstanding dinner that I’m sure I’ll need proof of when I tell people about.
What you eat can drastically affect how you sleep, so in order to get a good night’s rest, it is essential to choose foods that calm your mind and body rather than those that stimulate you. Certain types of foods will naturally promote rest and relaxation, particularly those that contain tryptophan – the amino acid that the body uses to make serotonin, the neurotransmitter that slows nerve activity within your brain.
Junk food promoters found funding the Institute of Medicine
She was the essence of what made vaudeville and subsequent American show business great. She was not the best singer in the world, but she had “it”, a great personality to sell it, a great sense of humor, a knack for picking out appropriate character songs for herself, so that you felt that you knew her. You got a strong sense of who she was. A hearty and honest presence, she suggested everything that was good and bad about life itself. A Tucker set, sung in her trademark husky voice, would evoke laughter, tears and a healthy, Rabelaisian contemplation of sex. Eddie Cantor once said Sophie Tucker would cry at a card trick. Emotions were her stock in trade.
to fit the body
What exactly does an orphan look like? I don’t know the answer, except to say that I can show you how 2 orphan boys appeared when we first saw them. Keep in mind, of course, that these boys are orphans no more. These are our sons: Misiker Samson (age 2) and Jack Kenean (8 mos).
10 kabbalist
Critique of the Culture of Kevin MacDonald
that I was just like them
That said, the Silurian and Sontaran are interesting characters, especially the Silurian and her serving girl assistant. I definitely want to see more of them.
Mom’s all decked out in her Team USA hat:
A synopsis:
Defendants.
The only negative I've ever had to say about this stuff is that it makes SO much! (I never think to half a recipe)
I lucked out on that one, since I hadn’t really thought through working from home with no internet.
At the Library’s own Web site you can see more than 2,000 original Civil War glass plate and vintage card stereos. According to this Flickr page, there are more than 50,000 stereographs, spanning the 1850s to the 1930s and covering an encyclopedic array of subjects.
Rating 56
The car will be converted to tarmac by Ken Jones in preparation for the Jim Clark, an event over two days, running in darkness on closed roads.
So, what's next?
Do I still have any readers? If so, I *heart* you! :)
I hope I will finally be able to actually afford a pizza although I will probably be too old and toothless to eat it before that day dawns… and it won’t be music that gets me there if I arrive. I guess I mention pizza a lot, don’t I? Well, I am hungry.
Swoosie Kurtz (Against All Odds)
But never mind. Let by-gone bland soup be by-gone. On Saturday evening I heard the noise which always signifies a happy family at dinnertime - the eager click-clack of spoons on bowls.
In Blindsided, I write:
Entrance of Family
From the first pic, you can probably tell that only the bottom is finished. I am 'facing' this piece, instead of binding it. The bottom edge is faced, but not the other three sides.
Some men get socks
“I hope you’re right,” mused the manager as he wandered off.
I pulled out an old Edwin for this card. I love this design paper, the whole Nantucket stack is fabulous. I colored Edwin to match the paper and used my JustRite alphabet to stamp the words. Ingredients and Copic colors are pictured at the bottom of this post - clicking on the picture will make it larger. Hope spring is as wonderful at your house as it is here.
Participation fee of Php 12,900.00 / 300 USD includes:
Dr. Nodurft explained we wouldn’t know anything without more tests and until the pathology was completed on the specimen that would be collected during surgery. We talked a bit more and I was told that Jeff was still out and wouldn’t be ready to see me for awhile. The good doctor suggested a nice, quiet spot outside by the reflection pond where I could make some phone calls. He assured me he would come get me when Jeff was awake and ready for a visit.
so roots can travel down.
“The banks do create money. They have been doing it for a long time, but they didn’t quite realize it, and they did not admit it. Very few did. You will find it in all sorts of documents, financial textbooks, etc. But in the intervening years, and we must all be perfectly frank about these things, there has been a development of thought, until today I doubt very much whether you would get many prominent bankers to attempt to deny that banks create credit.” – H. W. White, Chairman of the Associated Banks of New Zealand, to the New Zealand Monetary Commission, 1955.
Records of Japanese antiquity reveal originally Tanka was the practice of sending secretive messages written the morning after an affair, expressing gratitude to one’s beloved after having spent the previous night together in gardens of earthly delight.
I know what you’re thinking. “Is it the weekend yet?”
Anyways, I snapped a photo my two sidekicks
October's Deal of the Month - Early Christmas- 145 Pieces
This may be old news to others, but the RM Collective is awesome and as soon as I get around to updating the links this site will definitely be on the list. Scripts (VX at the moment), Graphics, Music, and more.
So after things went really well with our move and everything else, I started to get complacent. I began sewing more and more, and spending less time interacting with my children. I mean, I'm still around, and I listen to them play together and run interference all the time, but I don't get down and play with them very much. I started thinking that going to pick up Breanne from school counted as some sort of outing with my kids. I spent more time online than I should, just checking Facebook and Pinterest. I feel like even though I'm kind of trying to get my life in order and do fun things with my kids, I'm just constantly frustrated by my lack of organization and energy.
The idea is quite a bit more contemporary than my usual style but I love how clean and simple it is.
OK, let me back up a bit. I recently started learning about and practicing the “Getting Things Done“(affiliate link) time and project management system, and am loving it’s logical, simple way of managing tasks… and life in general. I started using Evernote (a free software for productivity) at about the same time. But I was a bit frustrated that Evernote did not have a “deadline” or “scheduling” function, to set dates by which certain tasks had to be completed.
Instead, Bournemouth's long sandy beach was bathed in sunshine and the mercury hit 2C (???), making it the hottest day of the year so far. Tourism chiefs believe Bournemouth missed out on 25,000 extra visitors who would have all spent an average of £41 for the day. "
or aviate the sky
Level 20: MP Cost: 28, Damage: 310%, Number of Attacks: 4, 30% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 20% for 80 seconds. The last attack is critical.
Salute the ones who died
It was a little intimidating to think of asking to call on her especially since other boys had tried and so far her answers had always been a firm "No." I finally decided the worst thing that could happen was that she says no to me too and I went ahead and asked for permission. She kept me waiting for several weeks before she finally agreed that I could call on her.
Much later, after the publication of his book Dreams from My Father, and after Barack Obama became famous, a curiosity arose about the mystery woman of his New York years. “There was a woman in New York that I loved,” he wrote. “She was white. She had dark hair, and specks of green in her eyes. Her voice sounded like a wind chime. We saw each other for almost a year. On the weekends, mostly. Sometimes in her apartment, sometimes in mine. You know how you can fall into your own private world? Just two people, hidden and warm. Your own language. Your own customs. That’s how it was.”
After leaving the training department of Johnson Wax Professional in 1996, I sold on behalf of the Corporate Accounts division during my last two years with the company. Selling for this department was totally different than selling for the distributor sales side of the business. I went from selling with and through distributor sales representatives over to selling my accounts on a direct basis.
I am trying to figure out if there is some common thread connecting these.
* Slightly Liberal = 2,
when I look back at this trip,
Cherish all of the Little Moments
How do transitions niggle their way into our art practices? I have been thinking about this alot lately. It is obvious to me that I'm experiencing change in my art practice and I wonder how this begins and what triggers the transition. My work is becoming more sparse on the top surface, but much more complex beneath - I'm still painting with my darker palette, but more and more the work is shifting into more ghost like images beneath the surface - lighter colors on top - it is still very much me but with a bit of a different voice - I'm shifting between the two palettes quite unconsciously but landing more and more in this newer vain - I'm enjoying more of the mystery in this newer work - I'm loving this new exploration - new edges to push - I love that this transition chose me and I didn't choose it - I'm wandering this as an explorer which is exciting to me.......
So what are you up to this afternoon? I'm having a trip through family history! I am going through all the old Christmas cards that my mother received and kept and getting rid of most of them, but some are treasures. I've also been sorting and organizing my arting area. Organization is a constant challenge as certain supplies come into favour and others fall out. They don't fall far enough to throw out, but priorities change.
I probably screamed that into the phone.
I have feelings, but I am not my feelings.
"mama, dada" (tim & I)
various images from this site
With Mars going direct, rumors about Israel going to war with Iran will multiply and major military operations may pick up speed between April and June. This will effect the already high price of oil and gasoline in anticipation of more instability in the Middle East, as Syria is still in a civil war and Egypt and Libya are still embroiled in internal conflicts. I have discussed this in previous newsletters, since Mars is moving over the U.S. Neptune/Mars square in June signifying confusing and undesirable military conflicts. Last month, a U.S. soldier killed innocent villagers in Afghanistan, unleashing public outrage and public motivation both in Afghanistan and the U.S. to exit this war, a conflict we can no longer afford. The coming eclipses in May and June are severe for the U.S. and emphasize more economic uncertainties. Investors will be very confused as to where to go and it is simply a trader’s market. Wild fluctuations in gold and silver prices will also discourage many from going into the metals. I would watch for some selling in gold and buy on lows, holding on for the long term.
This traverse of the Barrier has been quite three times as severe as
Know your audience. At the CHRONAL ENGINE launch, I knew there would be a lot of people in the writing community, including writers and illustrators, teachers and librarians, professors of children's literature, family friends and spouses who are not in the community, as well as a good number of real live, actual children and teens.
And we pray for those
“The fairy dust’s effects are wearing off” Sabrina said, “Look for Aunt Hilda and ask for more fairy dust.”
On Monday I blogged that I would dedicate the next several posts to ways the National can improve. Partnering with JDRF in honor of Ron Santo is a great first step.
Gable was a career professional, a man who so willingly adopted his studio persona that in the end it was indistinguishable from his real character and yet he never suffered angst over it, or took pills or had to see a therapist. He just accepted that if he wanted a secure, comfortably well-off lifestyle with certain perks, then that’s what he had to do, that’s who he had to be, and he just got on with it and achieved his goals. He was a working man who liked going home at the end of the day; he lived in the one home on his Encino property for a third of his life. He liked stability, organisation and for things to be in order. After all, this was a man who had his suits hung in his closet not just ranked by color but by when they were purchased. He did not like chaos.
These are the same multiculturalist zealots and cynical globalists who have spent decade undermining our country and our people, these are the same ideological gangsters who have stolen our history, robbed us of our land and denied our children their heritage. They hate us now no less than they ever did, they have not changed.
Who's content to be
On a more positive note. We have finally received some nice Spring weather. What a treat. I am excited to get out of my house and start working on the yard. Tonight is the Father/Son campout...the one redeeming thing in May. Seth has been so excited. He calls it Father/Son camp. The only slight drawback is that they are going to the sand dunes to camp which means...lots of sand for me to clean up. Oh well, it's worth the night of quiet. Too bad I'm so worn out my usual, late night project/movie night will likely be an early to bed night.
I think I used to be a half-empty guy, but then again, I don’t know. I’ve dealt with the most egotistical people you could ever think to meet, so when you tell them that something can’t be done, you’re deemed a negative person. To some degree they are right, because I did get whatever they wanted done, but it was also not without fracturing the occasional law, or two. I just had the ability to do those things, while limiting the collateral damage to almost unnoticable, but it doesn’t change the fact that if you do play the game within the boundaries, it would’ve been impossible. Plus, guys like that will paint you as not only the guy who doesn’t believe in the power of positive thinking, but will also blame you for everything that goes wrong with their plan, thus further pummeling your self-esteem til you don’t believe in anything, including yourself.
So far, the agency has found 187 cases where so-called comparative bullet lead analysis evidence was not only used in the investigation, but came into play at trial where FBI experts provided testimony. It has notified prosecutors in those cases where testimony from its experts "exceeds the limits of the science and cannot be supported by the FBI," one agency letter says.
vote against it AND you have voted to fund it every single time.
Don't think of this as a project to take one picture per day for 366 days, think of it as a year long project to document your life in pictures. If you miss a day, pick up and start again. The great pay off, in the end, is not the sense of accomplishment at surviving, but the amazing documentation of your life's journey over the previous year.
There is also the fact that what you write one day will never be the same thing you will write about the next day. Our perceptions about the meaning of life, or whatever, are constantly changing. Knowing this, I think, is why I’m such a fanatic journal keeper.
Deception was my Job: Soviet Subversion of the Free World Press: Yuri Alexandrovich Bezmenov (also known as Tomas David Schuman; 1939 – 1997), former journalist for RIA Novosti and a former KGB informant from the Soviet Union, interviewed by Edward G. Griffin
* Snacks between meals are okay, but need to be limited.
So why the letter "C" you may ask? Well, until recently, I have exclusively used C-Brite as my sanitizer-of-choice. Why? Well, it's what my local homebrew supply shop had on hand when I bought my first kit, and since then, I've gone with the "ain't broke, don't fix it" attitude. Yes, over the last several batches I've used one-offs of it, but I'd always used a chlorine based sanitizer.
He leaned back into the driver-seat. The window went back up, and he sped off.
Brittany: Happily Ever BorroWED is the premiere online wedding shop that RENTS designer bridal accessories worldwide at a fraction of the retail price!
Brigg- It's raining outside mommy, daddy will be mad.
How can that be? Profits are up because corporations are not spending money on infrastructure projects – nor are they choosing to spend money on expanding product lines or building a new warehouse or new manufacturing facilities.
I hit him with it.
With negotiations effectively concluded, an outside banquet is ready to welcome Burgundy again into the fold. Just as Big Ben strikes the hour of reunification, the Burgundians realise they genuinely are back in England every time a torrential downpour sends everyone scurrying for cover.
She rides heavy and frantic
47. Piano Man -- Billy Joel
“So you think you know Jesus”
"Swede," I said--just talking so she'd stay with me--"I don't get what's wrong with Davy."
like I almost knew what it meant.
called,"One Love" by Cedella Marley. I am so excited about
1 onion, diced
While exploring the Iranian media, i found these photos quite refreshing, specially for those Iranians who live abroad. Now probably every house in Iran is clean & shinny & Sabzeh* is grown.
Those who have ears let them hear
I am linking up with Leila & Rosie at Like Mother, Like Daughter today. It is a favorite blog of mine and is on my sidebar. Leila is a homeschooling mother of eight (she has launched 7) with practical, real advice.
Mom and Dad live on a ravine acreage. The woods have always been my brother's domain. But today, the sun and the warmth and the cool breeze were just too enticing.
Major characters, minor characters. Their eyes, their hair color. These small details are easily forgotten. A minor character might be vital to a good plot. Their hair color might determine a certain group they’re in. Details matter.
Saturday or Sunday: Run & Rest
on falling stars
Dies: Round, Scalloped, & Grand Labels 1 (Nestabilities)
What a selfish thing to waste my time on.
Rogue Santa's Private Reserve
2. Mix well the mashed bananas, salt, sugar and egg.
Before I sign off, let me mention one more thing ....
Gouda Gouda Two Shoes
Make sure that your project has a Magnolia or hÄnglar & stÄnglar stamp on it and only link new projects please. Also please post your entry on your blog with a DIRECT LINK back to here. Make sure you have linked your project and not just your blog using the Blue Froggy before 7 pm UK Time on Thursday, March 29th.
More specific signatures (TrojanDownloader:Win32/Chepvil.I and TrojanDownloader:Win32/Chepvil.J) were added on March 22nd 2011.
I love language. I love writing. I love exploring. So I suppose picking one word a year and exploring it to the maximum is something that is inevitable in my life.
“Mechanique: A Tale of the Circus Tresaulti,” Genevieve Valentine (Prime Books)
In order to link up, you'll need to include a link in your MM post back to the party.
I have had major reason to consider that question over the past few weeks as my 12-year-old nephew, Rory Staunton, cruelly lost his life to a toxic infection in a New York hospital.
It rather looks as if our Mr Toad will soon be reduced to the rather more modest income of those residents he has so contemptuously ignored in his years of power, ordinary citizens, the elderly, the impoverished, the single parents, the vulnerable - 'these people', Councillor Coleman, remember?
I depended myself to people all throughout my years of living.
Alternatively, the improved economy of the 1990s has been credited with trickling down benefits to those who most suffered the economic and social disclocations of the 1970s and 1980s. Real wages actually rose (a little) for many workers in the Clinton years, and African Americans enjoyed a degree of upward mobility and improved access to homeownership (though the Great Recession has wiped out many of those gains since 2004).
You can see where he is going with this – if life can serve as inspiration for human design, mustn’t it be designed better than humans can, i.e. by God?
SPOILER ALERTS
In light of that discovery, I'm taking some new steps. Turning over a new yoga mat. And doing it publicly because, well... I know myself, if I don't do it here, I know I'll just quit tomorrow when the next issue arises and slap a gold star over my "third eye" for even thinking it up in the first place. I'm really curious to see if the hippy-dippy, chakra-reki, flowerchild crap really works.
He shuffled off and I never saw him again
Should a major emergency arise at the airport, most of the firefighters may not have the skills to respond appropriately.
Glock 19 9mm, carried Appendix-Inside-the Waistband (A-IWB), with a dedicated Streamlight TLR-1 mounted. Yes, I conceal carry a weapon-mounted light. It's not that hard and it's not that uncomfortable (not that it's comfortable either, but it's tolerable anyway). I've beaten this equine carcass repeatedly, but I've never shot anyone with 9mm or 5.56mm and failed to have the rounds do their jobs, as long as I did my job. End of argument/debate/discussion/lecture/proselytizing. If you want to carry a tricked out, custom 1911A1, because it's what LTC Cooper carried, and you believe you should never carry a pistol whose cartridge doesn't start with point-four, then knock yourself out. I don't give two shits.
In a 9x13 greased pan, spread undrained pineapple in pan, layer the blueberries and 3/4 cups sugar.. Sprinkle dry cake mix over this. Drizzle melted butter over all. Top with pecans and remaining 1/4 sugar. Bake at 350 for 35 to 40 minutes. After about 25 minutes cut with spoon down through mixture in several places to let juice come up through.
I’m going to come back to those in a moment.
With a sigh Jessica flopped down on her bed and listened to the rain pounding down on the tent. The weather had been pretty good these last few weeks. Kind of like late spring. The rain had started up sometime during the night and showed no signs of letting up. She didn’t know what this tent was made out of but she had to give kudos to the craftsmanship. Despite the heavy rain it was snug and dry inside.
And as I walk your book lined corridor,
Roses are very essential from "Florists" for ornamental purposes commonly used a flower bouquet for an occasion its exquisite beauty brings colors and life to the occasion.
A friend gave me this book along with the first book in the Dark series by Christine Feehan. This friend also had me reading the Anita Blake series by Laurell K. Hamilton. Those are important details. Why? Because the Southern Vampire series (aka: Sookie Stackhouse novels, True Blood novels, and however else you want to refer to them) had a heroine I could really relate to. Anita’s too hard-core (I won’t go into those books here), and the women in the Dark series were too…erm, romantic heroine-y? Sookie is down to earth; she’s a real girl. She likes dressing up and tanning and is green when it comes to fighting for her life. She was a breath of fresh air and I really liked that the reader learns about the paranormal world at the same time she does.
Steps
This is why when I hear of exhibits showcasing the teams history in NYC (they had fans outside Kings county) I get a bit excited. This morning, I saw an email from the Brooklyn Historical Society about their latest exhibit to open, Home Base: Memories of the Brooklyn Dodgers at Ebbets Field. As an added bonus to the exhibit, a movie about the Dodgers will be shown, free with museum admission. I don't know about you but I plan on seeing all three. When I leave, you may hear me say "maybe next year", as my grandmother did so many years ago. Only I'll be talking about their return to Brooklyn.
89. Seven Drunken Nights -- Dubliners
Harold Ford, Jr.
Synaesthesia, in short, is when two or more of the senses are “crossed over”, so that the person experiences colours when hearing sounds, or tastes when feeling shapes, or coloured shapes when smelling something. Days of the week, letters and numbers can have colours, and the sensations are always automatic, not deliberate, and remain identical over time. (More factual stuff on Lucy’s blog.)
Episode 5, again was a bit of a harking back point. This time everything felt very Series 1, which was nice. I particularly enjoyed seeing the team losing their frigging great guns (which my mum says look like toys - MUM PERSPECTIVE!!) and having to work off their wits, something we've not seen much of since the start. Especially (and this is a reference only a committed nerd would notice) that Connor is once again a hero with the prime weapon of an oar. Can't help but feel that Abby driving a big prehistoric thingy around on top of a mobile home might've drawn more attention than it was worth, but I guess needs must. This ep also had some priceless moments, such as Lester trying to be Jess and failing miserably (she looks better in a miniskirt, too). And maybe I'm childish but I laughed at the name of the pub! I really only have one bugbear about this story... at no point did we see a little boy on a porch playing a banjo!
(not that I do it, I’m just talking about it)
But left in the modern camera on the left as a way of connecting
find and fulfill their sense of purpose in life
—Sherlock Holmes, “Sign of the Four” (Arthur Conan Doyle)
This is also the best way to find inexpensive, legit food from the area. Although, this seems to be a little pocket of the city where people don’t speak English, so be prepared to point, smile, and nod.
When I went into the room where the YOLO Curve treatment was done the technician Kellie who would be overseeing my treatment was quick to put me at ease and explain exactly what was going to be done and how—she made me feel very relaxed and completely at ease about the treatment! I have to mention at this point how awesome Kellie was, not only did she address all of my concerns thoroughly and in a way that I completely understood, she was so sweet and helpful that she honestly made the experience that much more enjoyable! After Kellie explained the treatment process she took my measurements and honestly, the taking of my measurements was the most painful part of the process! Once my measurements were recorded I laid down on the table/bed and Kellie began placing the 5 paddles that deliver the low-level laser onto my problem areas, the paddles are about the size of a cell phone, the paddles are placed in an area for 10 minute intervals then moved after every 10 minute session, my session lasted 30 minutes so the paddles were moved to target different areas in my midsection throughout the treatment. I chose to have the YOLO Curve treatment target my stomach since that is my most problem area, but the treatment can target virtually any area; stomach, legs, things, arms, and even on the neck area! After the YOLO Curve treatment, you spend 10 minutes on what the technician referred to as “the shaker machine”, this is supposed to help with the process of shrinking and getting rid of the fat cells…I have to admit, this machine was fun and me on the machine, well that was even funnier…I took video of me having the treatment and on the “shaker machine”, but my oldest daughter refuses to leave my video equipment alone and somehow deleted all the videos on my Flip cam including those, but I do have the photos so you can kind of see how much fun I was having!
No, I don't think so, because I don't think that Painer requires creativity for photographic copyright. Rather, it requires (a) that the subject matter of a photograph leaves scope for “sufficient formative freedom”, and (b) that the photographer exploit that freedom so as to leave his “mark” on the resulting work (ie, the photograph). (And it held that in the case of a photographic portrait, there is sufficient formative freedom, and thus the possibility of copyright, as "the photographer can determine, among other things, the angle, the position and the facial expression of the person portrayed, the background, the sharpness, and the light/lighting.") In my view this is perfectly consistent with the UK approach as adopted in Antiquesportfolio.com, where the court held that UK copyright will always subsist in a photograph of a single, static non-spherical 3-d object (eg, antiques) on the basis of the judgement involved in positioning the object, determining the angle at which it is to be taken, and determining the lighting and focus.
35-Without Your Love
I had to ask around. I had no idea what she was saying.
Now, there are many things I could be accused of. Being slightly animal crackers is definitely one of them. However, I am not blind to my animal's faults. So as much as I adore our puppy, I know full well that he is a wolf in Spaniel's clothing, and given half a chance would scoff my chickens for a laugh. So you can imagine my horror when the little demon worked out how to open the back door when the girls were free ranging yesterday.
I have a new technique article up today highlighting color pencils. I've been asked so many times how I color my images and this month I'm happy to tell you...I've made a VIDEO!!!
once, but is the eternity that awaits you.
Hi Melissa,
dark, away, on your own
Happy almost New Year to everyone! Hope you’re all enjoying what’s left of the holidays and of course relaxing. I really am looking forward to 2012, I believe it will be exciting and offer new opportunities, plus a lot of cool people to meet.
We're getting a feel for the areas of Melbourne we'd like to settle in. Actually it's all going to be determined by just how far I'm prepared to drive to my son's school. He and I have made friends and we're not moving far.
Paul Joseph Watson The Department of Defense has confirmed foreign media reports that Russian troops are set to target terrorists on Americans soil as part of an unprecedented joint drill with the United States which will take place in Colorado next month.
Story blurb: My brother and his brother is the story about an 18-year-old boy Jonas, who tries to create an image of the brother he never met, a brother who died the year before Jonas himself was born. Jonas soon learns that his brother, Paul, had an intense love affair with another boy during the last year of his life. The story – which is told like a crime story, with loose ends, clues and cliff hangers – has been translated into Danish, Norwegian, Dutch, Hungarian, Icelandic, Greek, German, Italian and French. It has also been awarded the French Prix Littéraire de la Bordelaise de Lunetterie.
Muse: Would you like to have kittens of your own one day?
3) Despite my conviction that the book I am currently writing is of absolutely no worth whatsoever and that I am making a total hash of the second half of the narrative, I continue to plow forward through this first draft with the hope that my original impulse to write this damned thing was founded on an actual good idea. In other words: despair held at arm's length, right on schedule. I hope to be finished with this draft in another five months. But hey, what about the wordcount? It's right around 55,000 now. Another 25,000 or so to go. And then revisions.
Yesterday I saw something that put all that in perspective. My old church had a fundraising tea and lingerie show. The models were church members, including the pastor. Including my BFF, CC.
As the reasons you overspend, or shop compulsively, are many and, often, complex there isn’t a quick cure. However, if you only use cash or debit cards, the harm you can do is minimised. The other key is tracking your spending, that is, write every single cent you spend down.
You can alleviate altered minis to airing aloft the appellation awning by accepting assorted medals in the bold (purely cosmetic). It aswell changes the music at the appellation awning to a awakening theme.
And now, here's the recipe for my Butterfinger Wannabes!
Place cashews in a bowl and cover with filtered water to soak. Make sure you have room over the cashews because they will expand. Soak for 6 hours. Drain the water from the cashews. Add 1 3/4 cup filtered water to your blender and then add cashews. Blend well for at least 5 minutes. Strain into a large glass measuring cup through a nut milk bag, very fine mesh bag, or fine mesh strainer. Once all the mixture has been poured out of the blender, squeeze as much milk out as you can or set the bag over a strainer and let it sit for a while before coming back to do it. Once you have all the milk out, place the nut meal into a container to save for smoothies or baking. Pour milk into milk jars or other container.
Windy spoken twitches
Well it’s already February and Valentine’s Day is just around the corner. Selah just went to a Daddy- Daughter dinner with her daddy at the church a couple of days ago and had a real good time. They got to ride in a limo and had finger foods and had a speaker give a talk. I think it’s good to give fathers the opportunity to spend time with their daughters and encourage them to build on their relationships. Speaking of fathers and relationships, the new movie Courageous, just came out on DVD and I was able by the grace of God to pick one up. If you haven’t seen this movie, it is a perfect family Valentine present. You will cry and laugh, and cry and laugh some more. It’s a tear jerker about cops and their families, but it’s one of the best movies I’ve ever seen.
At this point, there was another group of people jostling and fighting, and the guards quickly pressed the crowd apart into two different lines that funneled apart from each other. They then shot those who were resisting. Their bodies lay on the ground, and those behind had to walk around them. Those that refused to move forward and instead stayed behind to mourn their deaths, were also shot. Some who were shot, were still alive, and were crying out in pain, asking for help. These people were shot again, (this time through the head up close,) effectively silencing them.
Let us be thankful and focus on making progress in a world that is full of Life. A life that we can choose not to give up, to survive, and believe in a power that we already possess to be the best that we can be on this planet.
Roberts, now 44, got her big break 22 years ago in Pretty Woman. Oh my goodness! Can it really be that long ago?
JA: I always wanted to be a healthy, wealthy choreographic star, what else? I wanted to share joy, optimism, pleasure, making people dance and working for peace. I was born a Jew and gay, so I was conscious of discrimination and persecution very soon. I was praying for a world of peace and tolerance. I was born in a family who ran away from Algeria, so the fear and trauma of the war was even more present. My family ran away with nothing. They were poor. And their pride suffered a lot because of that. So I wanted to be rich to buy them castles. However, it was a very joyful family, singing and dancing while working, cooking, and doing housework. My will to dance comes from this oriental happy ambiance.
Malaysia - 2:30 a.m. 18th Mar- 2:30 a.m. 19th Mar
So for not a great deal of outlay, I have ended up with a fretless bass that even guitar players can play and still sound like passable bass players. I also now have a way to generate those gorgeous, lush, evocative bass parts, with some semblance of facility. I didn’t have to futz around for hours with pliers, epoxy and sand paper. And I can play in tune…just about.
The ITT (It Them They) System is a group of people who share the body of a nineteen year old girl. This has been diagnosed as Dissociative Identity Disorder, or DID. DID is described as a condition where there are at least two distinct identities that manifest and take control of the body. One may be considered the "main", but this does not appear in all cases. The System consists of: Mayn (pronounced "May", silent n), GF, 19, theoretical "main" Claudia (Disagreeable Teen), F, 17, teenage rebel Ludovic (Sage Guitar), M, 19, resident musician and Vicki and Fredric, F and M, respectively, 7 (Littles Corner), little ones
I know my purple looks sort of gray…it’s hard to make purple…I heard you need more blue than red, though. I didn’t get that memo.
Ninja Moms rally around you when scary pregnancy things happen. They laugh when funny pregnancy things happen, and they share their own experiences and they make a point to help you feel like you'll be OK as a mom. The first week you're home with a new baby, they bring meals and they stick around for a couple of hours so you can take a shower and a nap. They pass along clothes and all sorts of good stuff that their own kids have outgrown. They make HUGE fusses over the successes and gave realistic suggestions for the struggles. They help so much in ways you never could have anticipated.
rd: Wow! The other husky voiced once-singer of Huckleberry Finn is the second choice! I think this suggests that the IROK audience is really looking forwards to a powerful female vocalist on the show. Personally, I think 3rd Line Butterfly’s broader range of sound will enable them to handle the challenge of covers well, although I’ve yet to hear any covers from the band. Furthermore, they have a wilder musical identity, so they might be able to impress the audience with it.
In the past I would have felt upstate with Eli for not wanting to eat his dinner even as I struggled to eat it too. I would have felt resentment at his 'wasting my money' and even though I would have tried to be cool about it the effects of the resentment would have spilled over into little snippy comments and lack of connectedness between us.
Bottom line? Highly recommended for those times when you’d like to carry a bit more gear, have it quickly accessible, not spend a bunch of cash, and like to keep a low visual profile.
Many body sprays, toners and astrigents on the market contain alcohol for various reason,s including to speed drying time and have a cooling or tightening effect. Liquid alcohols tend to strip the skin of oils and are drying to the skin. Look for versions that do not contain alcohols of this type or even witch hazel, which can also be drying. FYI: Cetyl alcohol and cetearyl alcohol are not actually alcohols like you may be familiar with. They are emulsifiers and emulsion stabalizers that allow water and oils to blend and stay blended, and will not dry out the skin. These lend a creamy, soothing texture to lotions or creams when used properly and are a good ingredient to see in skin products.
Well, this is the second day of the VIVA LA REVOLUTION! collaboration between two bloggers, my good friend Neil Fulwood of The Agitation of the Mind and myself, Francisco Gonzalez a.k.a. The Film Connoisseur. We decided to join forces to celebrate revolution on film. This three day event is focused towards real life revolutionaries, those that stood up against the tyranny and the evil. So go on over to The Agitation of the Mind whenever you get a chance, his articles are deliciously revolutionary as well. On this our second day Neil explores English films that have addressed the issue of revolution.
Everybody's a shaman. Everyone senses, at some level, the flows of energy in which we live and move around every day. Everyone responds in his or her unique way to those flows which is why at the supermarket when you suddenly get an urge to go stand in line, everyone else in the store does the same thing. Or you're out walking around. You think, "I'm going for coffee." There's no line at the espresso bar but 2 seconds after you order, 20 people have lined up behind you. They had the same thought, responded to the same shift in the energetic flows. Check it out. You know what I'm saying is true. That's how astrology works. The huge beings who share our solar system move forwards and backwards, wax and wane. We dance in shamanic alignment with them, going retrograde occasionally, and such.
Our group has been brainstorming what we can do to help this amazing family. I have to admit, we've come up with some wonderful ideas. My favorite is having each member of the group pick a week to send a care package to the family. We're scheduling it so it arrives on a Tuesday. Because of how many wonderful women we have in our board, my week isn't until Thanksgiving! If you'd like to help or make a donation to Tuesday's fund, please click on the link on the left side of this page. We just want to do all we can for Tuesday and her family.
I colored her bag and shoes with E15 and E19. I colored the paper sack with the E11 I used on her skin.
RR—Well, that’s another possibility, yeah. You know the thing is, if this thing shows up—we’re talking about the hypnotic effect, that may be where the hypnotic effect comes from as well. It’s like it manifested into this reality. It somehow creates this energy displacement, but it may have a psychic component as well, and affect the mind. And it may be able to direct that.
All that is required of You at this moment is to scan and attach any form of your identification such as driver’s license,work ID,international passport,voters card e.t.c to me via my email in order for me to know who i intend to work with and who i am trusting with this transaction considering the large money we intend to transfer.
11) When the Old Testament Prophets foretold the salvation of Gentiles, many times it was concerning their salvation IN THE KINGDOM, in SUBJECTION to Israel, but NEVER concerning God’s eternal purpose in Christ, as revealed in 2 Timothy 1:9-11 and Ephesians 3:8-11. The Apostle Paul preached to Gentiles many Divine truths about which Israel’s prophets wrote and spoke, but he ALSO preached among them the unsearchable (unprophesied) riches of Christ. Ephesians 3:8. Read carefully 2 Timothy 1:9-11 and compare with the Apostle Peter’s message to Cornelius in Acts 10:34-38.
When you were given the recommendation by our private ENT last November that Maddy's surgery should be performed as soon as possible, why did it take you three months to confirm that surgery was indeed safe? I realise that we had travel plans in late December, but why couldn't the anesthetist check her before we went? After that recommendation, why are we more than five months down the road and the surgery has not yet been performed?
Gregory: the film is full of lies - for example
Markers: Blush Blossom, Real Red, Basic Gray, Basic Black, Creamy Caramel, Chocolate Chip and Silver Glitter Pen
I certainly resonate with his words here about being “spent.” Church planting is by far the most challenging thing I’ve ever done..and I’ve only planted one church! It’s exhausting, it can be very burdensome, and it can be all-consuming if I allow it to be. Regardless of how hard it gets, I’m always blessed to be spent for the souls of those who the Lord sent me to minister to!
To the first 400 fans that purchase a ticket and enter the doors that night will receive a FREE MWR/3XW Mark Sterling vs. Jeremy Wyatt IRON MAN 2 match card. This card will be the first ever match card in the set and will be number 72.
makes 24 cupcakes
Cakes microphone is always a winner. Just use ice cream cones in a variety of cup, lid with small cupcakes, frost and sprinkle with black coat.
The very sweet and generous Sameera has nominated me for Santa's Blog of the Day for the 19th of January - and because Sameera is such a honey, I thought I'd play along.
I really hope that you can get your friends, family and those that are not supportive to you to understand that you are doing the best you can with the WORST experience possible. They need to just respect the fact that they do not really know what you are going through and give you as much time as you need to heal. Do NOT feel you need to rush to show face. In the long run you are only hurting yourself. They will have moved on for real in their lives and you will be stuck in the grief.
There was a large housemartin colony that used the farmhouse, and we knew that we would have to do work on the outside that would remove their old nests. So a year or so before the works we put up artificial nests so that they could get used to them, and perhaps use them as replacements if they didn’t make new ones the next year.
Did he ask me to make tuscan chicken with caramelized brussel sprouts and homemade brownies for dinner? No he did not. Will we die if we don't have it? Nope! Should he have to wait or not have his needs met because I was the one who took on such a time-consuming and ambitious task? Certainly not.
For Jenn's theme/ my interpretation/ I used the contrast of light and dark and also the sense of dark and light with Colors/mood/atmosphere..the starling were a a perfect subject! They Carry the stars in their wings!
Frost cupcakes as desired.
the challenge is
I forgot how much fun Thursday's and Friday's can be when you work. I took for granted my weekends when I didn't work, so I am glad to be appreciative of them again. Thursday's, in my opinion, are always great because you are only one day away from the weekend and Jesse and I typically hang out a little later with friends since we only have to push through one more day of work. Friday's are obviously great because it's Friday! At Fifth Ring, someone always brings breakfast on Friday mornings and the office atmosphere is so much more relaxed (meaning I get to wear jeans), I love it.
Darn, I knew you were going to ask that.
These female herds form deep attachments. As the herd grows, it can split into multiples, each going their own way but greeting each other with joy and excitement when their paths cross later, such as at the watering holes. These “women” elephants are all about relationship from birth to death.
“Cats that are allowed to roam at night can have huge impacts on our environment and are also in much greater danger of being lost or hit by a car. I urge people to be responsible and look after their pets,” he said.
Among the Malcolm X aliases certified by the F.B.I. are Malachi Shabazz, Malcolm Shabazz and Malik El-Shabazz.
Anyway, the puking has definitely gotten better yay! I'm tired but I can manage even on days where I don't get a nap. I can feel the babies move on occasion but not regularly.
It was one of my favorites last year, so I won't throw it out unless you tell me it's going to be hella skunky.
I drove around hoping to find it restored and bustling. Many of the old motor courts have survived or been reincarnated. The Biltmore, however, barely survived. This is what I found
97. “The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas.” – Linus Pauling
unfed…with a special gift waiting in their shorts for YOU to clean up. As you stare in amazement, the smiling sitter skips past your stunned and stiff body in the doorjamb on their way to their next sitting job. Something tells me you wouldn’t invite them back. That would politely describe my PublishAmeric experience.
Next up, we painted the dresser with two coats of the same blue from Kalia's closet. I think this picture is just the first coat, so just picture the second coat with a little bit deeper of a color!
24Now, at these words, the captain of the Temple and the chief priests were greatly troubled about what might be the end of this business.
7) What's your strangest talent?
Please contact the Office of Council Member Letitia James at (718) 260-9191 if you have any further questions.
Today was the first day to teach at The Needle Bug. The tables were set with canvas, threads, and accessories. Both breakfast and lunch were served. It was Southern Comfort at its best.
‘The biblical God is above all the one who liberates us from all bondage, from the anguish of living and the anguish of dying.’
Brooch - Vintage, Antique Store
512 305-0310 / 512 797-7351
I'm not really concerned about Thanksgiving. Yes, its a major holiday but its not a dress up or get gifts holiday. Christmas on the other hand is going to be the most difficult of all. Not only is it Austin's 2nd birthday but our first without Eli. I should be buying gifts for both my boys this year and instead I'll be buying him a new wreath or set of flowers for his grave. How unfair can life be?
I swear both of my boys say the most hilarious (to me, at least) things almost every day. At the time, they crack me up. And I think to myself, "I have to tell their dad (or grandparents) about that, later." But I usually forget. And then I wish I'd written them down.
“How can biblical justification be used when supposedly we live in a society where there is separation of church and state?”
I object to ‘diversion’ for one more reason: it implies ‘this’ or ‘that’. A bifurcation in structure which simply doesn’t reflect the way we have philosophically constructed our legal frameworks and which doesn’t address the complexity of whether mental health causes crime or vice versa; or whether they are coincidental concepts?
12. Parties
Diesel will unleash the biggest international party the world has ever seen on Saturday, October 11, 2008. Diesel xXx (titled triple x) will explode with a worldwide spectacular party taking place in 17 cities around the globe beginning in Tokyo. The party will successively move to Beijing, Dubai, Athens, Amsterdam, Milan, Zurich, Munich, Paris, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Barcelona, Oslo, Helsinki, London and Sao Paulo.. The grand finale will take place in New York City with a never before seen “Rock and Roll Circus” themed party for 5,000 of Diesel’s closest friends and coolest trendsetters. The legendary event will take place on Pier 3 at the Brooklyn waterfront overlooking the Manhattan skyline.
the above scrapbook page is one of my recent works. The Orange, Browns and Gold mix together to give the right vintage effect. This is from Down the Memory Lane of my childhood :)
1 1/2 cups white flour
﻿Apparently, the problem is that our (US) copyright infringement laws are useless against overseas domains and can not force them to remove copyrighted material from their sites. The proposed solution? Hold US domains accountable and responsible for restricting access and providing services to these pirated sites. Seems reasonable right? However, as it's currently written sites would be breaking the law if it takes "deliberate actions to avoid confirming a high probability" that their sites will be used for copyright infringement.
Another study by Stellenbosch Uniiversity, South Africa found that there “were no statistically significant differences in maximal oxygen consumption, heart rate or minute ventilation between treadmill runners who wore compression socks and those who did not”. However, the same study found that the subjects “show a faster lactate recovery rate after exercise when wearing the compression socks, suggesting that compression socks might speed recovery”.
Another view of the wallpaper. I am sure it was cool in the 90's!!! We lucked out and the wallpaper peeled right off the wall. It took all of ten minutes!!! I hate removing wallpaper and was pleasantly surprised that it came off so easy.
Next stop was the planet Telos, in the 25th century, where the TARDIS team came across an archaeological team who penetrated the long-lost tomb of the Cybermen. Then it was back to Earth, this time to Tibet in 1935, where the Doctor and co battled the great intelligence and it's army of robotic Yeti.
Last pics of the chuppah before the wedding will be to show the ribbons all done and the 16 small “buntings” or “prayer flags” in place. After the wedding (first weekend of May) I will post pics of the finished textile.
“Because if you do, I don’t think you want to hear this one”
Cry for the US of AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
Preheat your oven to 170C.
Yesterday morning, Paul Provenza agreed to take part in the first Malcolm Hardee Debate on Monday 22nd on the proposition that “Comedians are Psychopathic Masochists with a Death Wish”. I will be chairing the debate which will, in theory, be serious but, with luck, include lots of laughs.
The beauty of God’s plan is that as our lives give Him pleasure we also discover fulfilment that money, pleasure, fame nor power cannot give.
Asked if she regretted what happened last Friday, Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte explained she got incensed when violence erupted at the demolition. Ohhh, so she hated violence. What do you call then those three solid punches? Diplomacy?
1981-07-06,Luxembourg -"First Time In Luxembourg 1981"- last concert of the On Location world tour (ENLIGHT 2011 Remastered)
Beach-y Keen
Susan Toepfer, former editor of Quick & Simple, OK, and the juicy bits of People turns out to have been…a Free-Range Kid! So Free-Range that she and her friends got picked up by a stranger when she toddled off (literally) with some friends. Read all about it at the new blog, True/Slant!
Alkattan is survived by his wife, 7-year-old son and 2 year old daughter. Christian is charged with first degree murder.
Brimful of Asha on the 45
Recept: Watson's on second. Hu's on first.
Joel Kotkin the Contributing Editor at The City Journal has written an extraordinary assessment of California’s social decline of the middel-class with a very dim view of our future under the the thumb of the states super-wealthy progressive elites.
Hi all my crafty friends, Brenda here from Friends Craftin with Friends. This week at Sweet Sassy Diva we were ask to make a project using a diamond or diamond shape because that is the birthstone of April and of course we all know that diamonds are a girls best friend. lol A little birdie told me that we will be having an engagement in the near future in my family! So I made a window card just for the occasion. Sheila from She's a Sassy Lady has a wonderful tutorial on her blog on making these window cards. I started out designing my card on my Gypsy. I have figured that while I am making one card, I might as well make a second card as well. So I have two cards on my mat. You will see only one finished card that fits in with our challenge.
Arthurian legend was a kind of obsession of mine when I was a teenager, and again it was sparked off by a movie, in this case John Boorman's Excalibur in 1981. After seeing that I read all the Arthur material I could find, from modern retellings right back to the Mabinogion. So once I'd finished the Mortal Engines books I thought it would be a good idea to go back to the past and try to make use of all that Arthurian knowledge I'd accumulated.
Of a war that he had fought in the deeds that he had done; sharing exploits with his buddies, all were heroes, everyone.
And I had a really productive session with my therapist. No tears, for a change, but I made a lot of progress in figuring out how to deal with a family member who has been making me crazy.
I trust the answer will come along when I need it. They usually do.
I know that I've been sharing tons of "studio" photos, but I've been doing so much stuff in there, I have lots to show you guys.
Taking its title from the very cool comic-style winter tour program, Creative Intelligence represents the first of a four night run at The Palace Theater in Manchester and the seventeenth date of the tour overall, so it’s not surprising to find the Floyd performing with more chemistry and confidence than the aforementioned dates, which were panned by critics and the band alike (but much-loved by the fans regardless).
The Grès des Vosges had originally been paired with the Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA, which I thought went well, but for some reason I thought I could do better. Opening the wrapping, my nostrils were filled with the smell of onion and sharp farmhouse scents, and I'm kicking myself for not pairing this with a saison or a gueuze. Tonight I've opened up the Southern Tier Hoppe instead, hoping to see how a balanced pale ale that's been kicked up a notch (much like the 90 Minute) will tackle the creaminess and the funky flavors simultaneously.
We do not ask for guarantees; no parent can.
And they shall fetch thee pearls from the deep,
Last but certainly not least, a vintage 11x14 Lobby Card for "Torrid Zone", this makes 2 lobby's and a One-sheet I now own for this film, one of my very favorite of Cagney's later WB period and one of the absolute best showcases for Ann Sheridan, who nearly steals the show from everyone!
Never toast with an empty glass. It's bad luck. Love and respect to all who read this on this Christmas day.
I sculpted 9 of them using my own paper clay for the sand and Creative paperclay for the chest. The "pearls" are actually glass beads. Everything is painted and antiqued with acrylic paints and then the bottoms have a rubber gasket-like material that has one side coated with a super sticky glue that never, ever lets go! Great stuff for protecting the bottoms of my sculpted art. I like it so much I bought a whole bolt of it several years ago.
Deane J went even further than Mason J in Tasmanian Dams, citing with approval and then adopting and applying the following remarks of Stephen J from Trade Practices Commission v Tooth & Co. Ltd (1979) 142 CLR 397, 414-415:
I continue to long for the day
...In his apology Wednesday, O'Donnell admitted this mistake as well, saying he regretted that his description of Mormonism detracted from his underlying point. "Religious intolerance is wrong," he said Wednesday. "Refusing to vote for a Mormon is wrong."
It completes itself and stands in both receipt and rejection equally befit,
This is reinforced by the focus in terms of event. Of course everyone (in real life) dies, but the novel is so plotted that every character is propelled towards nothing more than their own death, which always ends on a note of waste, as in the description of the death of Mernelle's husband Ray. At the end he fails to recognize Mernelle (after their seemingly loving marriage) and in his mind's eye sees instead a figure from his childhood: her slender back to him, her bare arms, the square of sunlight on the floor enclosing his own shadow. / 'Too bad we never did,' he said, and died.
Conflict — Emily Rose
Yesterday morning I took a hard core Bi-lates class that nearly killed me. I am having a bit my trouble sitting down today. And standing up. And walking. I hurt all over. Don't love the hurt but I so love the Pilates.
1x cinnamon, ground
The Cloverdilly - One of a kind handmade rosebud earrings. As unique as the person who wears them. Alex is a professional photographer and she started The Cloverdilly to share the creative side of her.
I LOVE this right now! It's girly with a touch of hardware.
“The genius of impeachment lay in the fact that it could punish the man without punishing the office.”
Are we deficient in any virtue? Oh supply it, that we may exhibit a perfect
Once he reached them he turned toward her and smiled. “Gotcha,” he whispered with his notorious grin.
WFTD is the largest Fair Trade event of the year in N. America, and events take place May 6-20 in 2012. Around 100,000 people attend hundreds of celebrations to promote Fair Trade and campaign for trade justice together with farmers & artisans. WFTD itself falls
By the time I began high school and took a real history class, I was learning just how real that paradigm is in the world. I learned about the Native Americans and what befell them at the hands of European settlers. I learned about how the descendents of those European settlers were in turn oppressed under the tyranny of King George III.
Unfortunately, too, this is one of those episodes where the Companions are next to useless. Pirate Amy gets the early moment of glory, but when they get shut inside a locked room to keep the siren out, the story basically leaves them with nothing to do. There’s a stowaway kid (the Captain’s son) who insists his dad is a Naval Captain despite all evidence to the contrary (making him officially the dumbest person on a ship since Cabin Boy) and Amy and Rory protect him a bit, but there’s nothing to any of it that adds to the story.
That whole process took about 15 minutes, and gives me a faction looking like this:
Loyal Studios was right there with John Corbett and the DOE to produce the shoot in our Burbank pre-lit green screen studio. Bob Bekian–Producer and owner of Loyal Studios–was happy to open up his facility for the production. “We were thrilled to work with John and a professional Director of Photography like Stef Butler” says Bekian who coordinated the production through his Burbank facility of Loyal Studios.
This week's show seems to have flown by, which I suppose means I must've found it entertaining even though there was little on it you'd call either remarkable or memorable.
So to finally state the EDL's 'intent'.
Come on, tell me the few essentials of a good pantomime. Whatever the individual storyline good will always triumph over evil. Kings, queens, nobles, evil henchmen, stereotypical simpletons, villagers and poor, beautiful and virtuous young girls rub shoulders in Pantoland. The Principal boy will always woo and win the Principal girl. The principal boy is always girl and there's always a Dame, another role for the cross dresser. As tradition demands our Dame is a stubbly chinned bloke.
and that she knows this as well.
wedding cake flavor ice cream
This month’s Ballerina of the Month award for April 2012 goes to……………………………………………………………………………
Ben pressed SINGLE.
"So Long the Day" opens the release, possibly The Music Tapes catchiest song to date, which is such a paradox to describe a Music Tapes song. Julian Koster's falsetto rises and falls over acoustic guitar sounding banjo lines before cumulating with joyous horn blaring and subtle bells ringing as the song fades. The trapped-in-the-past sounding lo-fi sounds that make up part of the essence of The Music Tapes' sound is reinstated in songs like "A Lighting's Cheeks (Everything Gets Born Here" and "Night and Day", with sad organ keys and weeping singing songs persisting throughout. It ends with "Nantasket", a slightly epic (at least for the band) 6 minute song that captures the same sublime feelings that were created in "Song for Oceans Falling", the center piece of their album Music Tapes for Clouds and Tornadoes.
JENFP Blog (jenfpblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
No arguments or apologies. I felt light. For the first time I felt like I could move on. I had washed my hands of him. Immediately the phone rang off the hook. He knew that he was losing me. He would apologize, charm, and promise until I gave in. But the track would keep going around and my body and heart were tired of running.
“At a recent press conference, I said we are the ‘Invisible American – the American Indian’. We no longer choose to be invisible, so I am trying to establish working relationships with the networks that want to help us in resolving our ‘invisibility’.”
It could be a scene from one of her novels: self-created woman takes alpha male on a trip he will never forget. And even if her stated political ambitions are limited, you can tell that this world – the one that has propelled her onto the front pages – is one that she is utterly in love with.
From the vaults of yesteryear, we have a story of a glamorous writer, Jean, camped out in the Yukon wilderness armed with her Fifth Avenue furs, her typewriter, and a ridiculous talking raven. At the peak of winter, a crew of new arrivals passes through, bringing along the corpse of the would-be game warden who unfortunately died en route. The warden’s loyal Collie, Firefly, is among the crew sent by the American government to quell the packs of wild dogs whom are said to go on killing sprees in times of famine. When they start to overrun the village, a rogue trapper Gaston takes it upon himself to guide Jean to safer quarters.
The A-Z Challenge was about posting thematically from A-Z every day except Sundays during the month of April. This was the second year I took part in the challenge. Last year I wrote micro posts with writing tips. This year I broke from my usual theme and shared some of my photography. I found it a lot easier and it was like a mini break for me. Also, I think my regular readers got to know me better in this last month than they have in the—almost—2 years I've been blogging. Another bonus is that I've met some brilliant new friends and they pushed me over 1000 followers. Wow! Thank you so much to all my new and old followers! What I found hardest about the challenge was keeping up with the comments every single day. My writing time took a huge dent. I ended up sacrificing reading (bad) and TV time (not so bad) because I had a few tight deadlines I needed to meet in April. Would I do it again? I'll let you know next year once I've recovered.
This time we tried his core workout, which was good, aside from the fact that we placed our mats poorly and so Ky kept rolling underneath my couch.
I bet you did.
In large saucepan (dutch oven size) mix 3/4 C. of the cream/milk mixture, white sugar, brown sugar and corn syrup and salt. Mix and bring to boil over medium heat; cook to soft ball stage. While it is cooking you can get the cookie sheets ready using parchment paper to cover. Put 2 full pecans together in rows, 5 wide, 6 deep (you will use 2 cookie sheets).
22. The Chatham Singers - An Image Of You
Just a quickie today. More next week, with the promised info on Android knitting apps.
Here are a few recent pictures of our 'growing' family. Enjoy!
I love Philip’s answer. He doesn’t argue because he’s been exactly where Nathanael is at the moment. I think all of us have been there with our own prejudices in one way or another. Philip got past this one by spending time with the Master. All he said was, “Come and see.” Look for yourself. Listen to the words he has to say and see if he doesn’t speak to your heart the same way he spoke to mine. Let him look in your eyes and tear away all the pretense and peer into your soul and you will never question who he is again. Just come and see for yourself. Don’t take my word for it or you won’t be convinced. I’ll introduce you, but you have to come and see him.
I almost forgot to mention the main reason we were so interested in the Kia: fuel economy. 26 mpg city/36 mpg hwy. The estimated fuel cost for one year was less than we spent on our last vehicle for six months. My Soul is fuel efficient.
It’s a quiet waiting the sun to unevenly heat the cloud tops and tease the moisture laden air into movement, relieving us of the gray.
Looming changes to the Federal Pell Grant Program will jeopardize the college prospects of former foster youth, who often start toward higher education with no academic credentials and high financial needs.
an economic system in which prices are determined by unrestricted competition between privately owned businesses.
Susan's talent is writing, and writing well.
The nervous Rebel troopers aim their weapons. Suddenly
It was 56 years ago and many thousand miles away that little Michael Ruck was hacked to pieces amongst his toys and Arundell Gray Leakey was buried alive on the lower slopes of Mount Kenya, they seem far away, but we may soon find they have never been so close.
Have a great Monday!
Chipboard letter-mostly from Breezy Design
Now Playing: 'Victorian Invention Song' by Horrible Histories
For men, masturbation can increase their immune system and lower the risk for prostate
Unfortunately, he (taxi-driver, not Jesus - I think) dropped me in the pouring rain absolutely nowhere near the place I'd asked him to, so that I had to ruin my turquoise boots stomping around in the rain trying to find the place, but hey, that's life.
It is probably imprudent to stray into the realm of souls, a thing’s essence, or whatever we may call it, and yet I suspect that the longing to communicate this is at the heart of creativity: the desire to be understood. If the wicked would seek to enslave us by possession of our true names, could that knowledge, shared with those we love, dismantle the barriers between human minds? Where could such insights take us, should we seek to do good? How else might poor Rumpelstiltskin have responded, had his name been invoked with love?
The group was originally called “Angel and the Snake“. After noticing that men would frequently yell “Hey Blondie!” at Debbie Harry as she drove around, the group changed their name to “Blondie” in 1975.
The objective should be that the customer enjoys the recommendation sufficiently so that they return for additional recommendations. It is very easy to make a quick sale to a trusting customer. A wine store employee could try to unload what ever wine has not been selling much, even if it would not be the right wine for the customer. That is short sighted though. It is far harder to build a lasting relationship, to prove that the customer's trust is not misplaced.
A special thanks to Ali Reeve and Lindsay for supporting this weeks challenge. Fantastic stuff.
I know I've kept you all in suspense for entirely too long about my recent adventures - apologies! I had no idea how exhausting the last weeks would be. But now I'm reflecting on a busy two weeks and a wonderful escape to London. But first - adventures!
I need His words to penetrate my heart when I lie awake worrying how I'll get through tomorrow..."do not worry about tomorrow..."
carnival games, basketball, peddle cars, bungee run, and a good time.
D.H: Bungee Baby Doritos! Wow, weee. Bruce Willis as G.I. Joe? Ridiculous.
 Greater access to more and more “elite” and high paying jobs in television, movies, modeling for print ads, musical entertainment, and athletics.
I HATE IT
Phoneix City
Actua Soccer by Gremlin Interactive is also available to play on the PlayStation 1 console as one of the earliest games to show the potential of motion-captured animation. Gremlin used players from the Sheffield Wednesday football team to act out real movements and breathe human life into the 3D computer models – something that has now become a standard technique in modern sports games.
So, as it happens when you are grieving you loose your ability to count properly. Maybe this is not common, but it is what happened in my case. After day 291, I started numbering days as 282. Unfortunately, I wasn’t able to get back to the real Day 282.
Vintage and Rag & Bone is the best combination of my closet’s contents that I can think of. This outfit is truly a mixture of time and taste. There will always be a special place in my heart for Rag & Bone, they were my introduction to daily wear of high end clothes and their sample sales are the highlight of my shopping experience every season.
There are so many essential oils but this is a great start.
12. “Look, he knew what would happen. Suppose the Navy SEALs had gone in there and it hadn’t been bin Laden. Suppose they’d been captured and killed … He took the harder and the more honorable path and the one that produced, in my opinion, the best result.” – Former President Bill Clinton in an Obama campaign video (April 2012)
hymh: What can listeners expect from searchlight, which will be released in January 2011?
now back to work.
There are two companies listed on the back of my album. Vidal Golosinas made the gum, and still makes confectionery today. Kuroczik Susswaren (sweets), on the other hand, appears to have made the stickers, and many other sets along with them, but it’s unclear whether or not they’re still in business.
- They should have fired that horrible interior decorator for the castle. Why are there so many tapestries? I guess to hide all the secret passages.
A wet-food only diet should also help with the UTI’s, or whatever’s going on in my system, as there will be more liquid flowing through me, flushing out the ickle stuff that sticks.
The other thing I want to talk about is my day at the Papa Clutch open house. I met the couple (Tim and Dana) who own this business as a result of going to Leroy Brown's in Ainsworth and then later, because they were a sponsor of Bike Night in the same town. Dana and I hit it off that first time we met. As I got to know her, I learned that they were going to move their business "down the road" and have an open house to celebrate. I offered my assistance and they took me up on the offer. Sooooooooooooooooo, that's what I did this past Friday and Saturday. On Friday I went to the new location (awesome redecotrating job!!) and helped get a few things organized, namely their apparel line. Lots of people were in and out, so I had an opportunity to meet some new people.
The students, most of them foreigners, have since been deported as investigations showed they were planning to blow up some non-Muslim places of worship in Selangor and in Penang.
Every time it rains here (and it has been raining a lot lately) there seem to be an army of snails that come out of nowhere to invade our front lawn. We have tried to keep them under control by dropping them into a bucket of ammonia water, but it seems like we can never get them all.
So hopefully you'll be seeing these in a table setting sometime in the next few weeks. You'll find a little tutorial for making these here: Pottery Barn Knock-off Shell Chargers.
Whilst the British National Party relies on donations from the public and members, Hope Not Hate is funded by large companies such as Mirror Group, with additional funding from Trade Unions, using your contributions.
Neither can septic tank supervisor, a profession some might consider to be a sh***y way to make a living or teaching proper pole dancing technique which is not a job for just any body!
I enjoyed reading the poem “Rainbow,” which you can access here. I believe my cat is now in a better place. She has probably regained her good health. I hope by the time we meet again, she still knows me. Hanggang sa muli nating pagkikita, baby cat.
Since I was unable to go to California, I'll be away to increase mileage in our training; 15-20 miles per horse per day over the weekend. All endurance riders on the ERRL (endurance rider ranking list) met (by teleconference) with our Chef last evening to touch basis and go over use of our GPS units during our training sessions. You can feel the excitement in the athletes' voices as they ask questions and respond to our Chef's questions.
Daybreak: I am She
Shoe storage is one of those things that most women I know struggle with. You love them. They're pretty. They make you happy. Yet all too often they end up stuffed into shoe bins or piled up in the closet.
Sean's story begins the day before he was born when I woke up to bloody show. I called my OB who sent me to labor and delivery to get checked out. Sure enough, it was just bloody show, nothing to be concerned about. They sent me home to wait for labor. That afternoon I had an appointment with my OB. I was still at 2 cm like I was that morning at the hospital. He then frustrated me by wanting to schedule an induction. I was still 6 days from my due date, the day he wanted to schedule it for. I told him no. I was a first time mom, before my due date and no signs of problems. I did not want to set myself up for a c-section. Not to mention that the bloody show that morning showed that something at least was starting to happen. I went home and planned to see him in a week, when I knew he'd bring it up again. Being that it was Halloween, the day I made sure Sean knew I didn't want him to come, that night was trick-or-treat time. My dad painted my big belly to look like a jack-o-lantern and I helped pass out candy. ...ok ok, I also did a little trick-or-treating to some neighbors we know. It was a great laugh but I was tired by the end of the night.
I thought it might be wise to be abreast of the Solicitor's Regulation Authority Outcomes Focused Regulation that comes into effect for firms regulated by the SRA on 6 October 2011. There is a whole new Code of Conduct that was approved only in June. I understood that the aim had been to avoid micro-management and a multitude of detailed rules. The Tag line is Freedom in Practice. From a marketing perspective, that sounds promising and liberating. Great stuff you might think for you and the consumer.
When I was single, I felt the same way. I was meeting lots of people--but no one I really wanted to date. And the guys I did like already had girlfriends (or just weren't interested, sad). My mom kept telling me that I would definitely end up with someone fabulous and that I shouldn't worry so much. She said she was 100% sure and that it was normal to worry but that I didn't need to. But it was easy for her to say--she was already blissfully married! And I was 28 (which felt old to me at the time). Plus, New York seemed like the roughest place to date: You're always surrounded by models (honest-to-goodness perfect-skinned, long-legged, 6-foot-tall Ukrainian models), and the guys you meet seem to either be married or a little nuts.
Anyhow, to celebrate, here's a new post!
I thought that was pretty eye opening. Every day, many of us move through our lives without questioning the "why" behind what we do. Some of us work without understanding the associated costs; some of us pursue activities and achievements rather than dreams; and some of us, sadly, even go to college, get married, or have children without really thinking about whether or not we should - or whether or not we even want to. I doubt that most people start out by saying "I just want to do what everyone else does, without thinking about it too much." But over time it can happen to even the most self-aware people. It starts out small; you go to college straight from high school like most of your friends, graduate and get a job and an apartment and a car, and then have to get a better job to be able to pay for the things you like to do and the purchases you have made. As the possessions come, and the promotions come, and the spouse and children come, the stakes get higher and higher until people reach a point where they feel like they have no real choices.
I found out a bit later from Capcom’s Honey (“I’m Home!”) Hamilton that the game will be entirely playable if you want to go solo with three AI teammates, but I’d gather that this one will be the go-to game for those who want to take the fight online. Given that this one’s a PS3, Xbox 360 and PC game, I can see fans asking for cross-platform play, but it looks like it’s a no go this time. Still, I can see Capcom and Slant Six teaming up for a few of these or at least a whole lot of DLC down the road, as Operation Raccoon City is looking to be the newest star in the long-running franchise that will bring even more core players on board when it ships next year. I can’t wait to see how the whole package has come together, that’s for sure. Capcom is once again, on a roll with the great games and 2012 looks to be a darn good year for the publisher on a few fronts.
While reading through Rip the Page by Karen Benke, I came across an exercise that fosters the ditching of clichés in a very interesting way. Instead of avoiding them altogether, she challenges writers to put the zing back into these worn-out phrases:
Break goat cheese into small pieces
Anushka warns youngsters against blindly following someone else’s body type.
because sometimes they are not my own.
Light is everywhere, all around us day and night. How could we have missed this one humongous clue? This is the manual to life, the simple answer to happiness that we have been wanting forever. And it has been with us all along. All we have to do is apply its formula:
In the wake of Herman Cain laughing at Anita Hill and calling black people racist if they did not support him, in the wake of Republican Presidential candidates signing a pledge to further discriminate against the LGBT community, it is clear that Americans tend to conveniently forget the lessons we were to have learned from history.
How does one go about changing another's mind about an issue when two totally different mind sets are involved?
that is exactly so and moreover thinning of hair portly of paunch steadfast of political opinions and floundering of career due to circumstances beyond the control of himself myself yourself or indeed anyself at all and henceforth domiciled atop a pleasantly squashy blanket that prevented the floor from opening up and swallowing the nutrition left by a generous hand
Deck of Cards....Wink Martindale
Unfortunately, while I was getting a fabulous night of sleep... Andrew had the very opposite experience. Zoe continued to desat all night, which led to lots of alarms going off. Hence, no sleep for the Mr. I know he has been swamped with midterms and the stress of school, so it really meant a lot for him to give me a night off.
Ok, but back to the scalloped potatoes, I made this this morning and put them in a crock pot so they would be ready when I got home from work. When I got home from work I realized that I left out the butter so I decided to use the softened butter to make some cookies. I decided I should try the lemon cookies I had just seen at The Sweet Spot.
the body doesn't lie, as-as we now know.
Do you remember the dark months you held the sector at Mametz--
34. Somewhere between the time she turns three and her sixth birthday, the odds are good that she will ask you to marry her. Let her down gently.
She can't play any sports at her school until 7th grade, but she says she likes volleyball and she wants to try it some more :) The camp is the next 4 Fridays. The next two won't be bad, but since she starts back to school on the 16th, we will have to see. We will try our hardest to get her here.
Each year, we sit down in the Coffee House with a bit of fancy paper each and write our resolutions, which we keep in a little gift bag on the kitchen noticeboard. In 2010 we made little mini-books which, whilst beautiful, gave us rather too much space; we all felt obliged to come up with enough pledges to fill the things. Faced with the possibility of quite so much life-enhancing change, I began to make vague and sweeping statements which had no hope of being satisfactorily fulfilled.
Listen up, kids. It’s time to ditch those idiotic gay-dude-skinny-jeans and that stupid beanie you ripped off from your sister’s closet and get some real fly fishing clothes. What kind of clothes are “real fly fishing clothes?” Well, that’s why you’re here isn’t it, Sherlock?
Video calling: up to 3h, QCIF 176 x 144 pixels, low up to 5 fps, normal up to 10 fps, smooth up to 15 fps
You may not think you are abusing me,
Cloves-3
But at the end of the drive I'll see my grandparents, will get to spend a little bit of time with them, and will get to have my eyebrows done by the only person that has ever not screwed them up (and thus the only person I let wax them besides myself).
I LOVE January...all the Fresh New Beginnings, Fun Resolutions...Oh and my Favorite Thing about this month...It's my Birth Month!! So this entire month you will see challenges based on my favorite things!!
who we want to be
that and can justify the damage
Friday, August 31st–I was put on the medication Lamictal.
Why are CE manufacturers becoming Broadcasters? Because they have run out of market…The TV is a commodity and we all have a couple or 3. So what do they do next? Tesco becomes a Broadband provider and a Bank … etc. etc.
Stat-wise, it has Defense as its highest stat, and not much else.
I re-uploaded Kwamy Nico Rochereau but I guess it won't
Gee Champ – you mean with all your intelligence you forgot to check out Trafford’s Terms and Conditions for authors to consider when they enter into a contract with them? You didn’t do your homework.
Good thing I don't "do" lighthouses.
We are happy to have addressed Willow’s UTI with the help of the urinalysis – something that would not have been obvious until she showed more outward signs of infection later on (urinating more frequently, in smaller amounts, blood in urine, decreased appetite, drinking more water). UTIs can also affect the kidneys in some chronic cases.
A couple of days before, I saw the ROH's Fidelio, and it was not a pleasurable evening. This Met production is drab and dull and is thankfully being retired now - why did the opera house ever take it in the first place? I literally can't be bothered to comment on it any further, so I'll move onto the singing which was mostly fine, but never spectacular. Steven Ebel is a tenor currently in the ROH's Jette Parker Young Artists Programme, and took on the relatively large role of Jaquino. His bleating, mosquito like buzz of a vibrato is just not at all pleasant, and his cumbersomely gangly lope means he only moves badly on stage. This might seem unfair, as he's theoretically still developing as a singer and artist, but the ROHJPYA scheme is meant to be a finishing school, a last port of call before the terrifying ocean of professional operatic life. I just cannot see that he will ever be successful.
A seller had a brick of these for sale for $5. My cat like reflexes reached out and grabbed it up off of the table. Upon examination, I see a post it note stuck to the side of the brick. "Needs #7, 47, 77, 144, 184"
As Dragon slouched toward issue #100, I found the quality of the magazine to be declining, at least as far as I was concerned. Issue #96 (March 1985) was a good example of an issue that, were it not for the Ares Section, would have little interest for me. But then the Ares Section -- and John M. Maxstadt's Gamma World articles in particular -- was frequently the sole bright spot in Dragon. Maxstadt's article in this issue, "Why Is This Mutant Smiling?," presented some variant rules for handling the physical mutation new body parts and it very quickly became one of those articles I photocopied at the library and stuck inside my referee's notebook for use later.
Rinse and spin or blot lettuce dry. In a large serving/salad bowl, place lettuce. If lettuce is in larger leaves, tear into 2-3" pieces for a more rustic presentation than chopping. These smaller varieties of lettuce often don't require chopping, however, so if you can leave it in its original state - all the better.
attracted, retained and, most importantly, unleashed?
All the trees of the forest will join the procession, exuberant with applause.
2 energies
Thinning hair is actually a sign that the male body is working right — evidence that it’s successfully converting manly testosterone into the even more manly hormone dihydrotestosterone, which is about 10 times as powerful.
RECOMMENDATION: This is an important movie to check out, simply to see Billy Bob Thorton’s performance. Plus, it is spoofed/referenced a lot: South Park (Cartman quotes lines in S5E08: Towelie), Family Guy (Stewie parodies Thorton in S4E17), Scream 3, Me Myself & Irene, Bring It On, 30 Rock, Doctor Doolittle, and more. Anything referenced that much really needs to be watched by comedy fans so as to get the comedy. I’m glad we did, even though it wasn’t especially enjoyable for us.
Beauty is not “size” dependent, true. But being healthy is! When all you do is defend your physical state, you are just putting blinders on!. Yes I do agree there are some cases where you simply cannot do anything about your weight. It’s purely a chemical or medical condition, so I’m not talking about that.
I felt the same way when I rode my old bike today. It had been my trusty ride for some 11,000 miles, ever since I discovered that Terry made bicycles just for women, and particularly ones appropriate for my five-foot-nothing body.
dreams are invested in a
An important thing to remember however, is that the relationship (although initially strong – with Zynga being the first gaming company to make a serious play on Facebook’s users) is weakening. Other games companies have entered the space, and have the opportunity to have the same relationship (same value chain, same commission on user spend) with Facebook. The percentage of Facebook revenue attributed to Zynga games has fallen to 11%, as customers move away from ageing hits like Farmville and Mafia Wars to newly developed games released by EA and other smaller houses (Peak Games, Geewa). Monetisation of Zynga titles (ARPU) has also fallen. Facebook doesn’t care what its users are spending money on, or what they are playing. If Facebook users want to play EA titles, or Kixeye titles, or whatever titles are released, they will as happily take the 30% from other houses as they took it from Zynga.
-Don’t ride your sisters ‘bike’
And to place the dollar amount into a tangible perspective, here are some of the things that $512.00 can accomplish:
~Mark Twain
Promotion of your Book on Direct POD's Website
Ellen Elisabeth wins the Eden pack.
it makes you a hypocrite. focusing on the wrongs of another keeps you from seeing your own wrongs properly. you would never accept someone treating you this way, if you truly recognized what you were doing.
Languages: English
3:15 Silent Auction Closes
I re-quote one fragment, with bolded emphasis before getting to this closing return.
There’s more. Much more.
Team $how Me The Muddy!
A grin took over my face. “I killed a beast. By myself.”
This is a photo of Flat Cats in production. Mom still needs to buy some handles for them.
That is to say, they share certain important things in common with the Green Wizardry we’ve been discussing here over the last year and a half. In the weeks to come, we’ll bring both the discussions involved in this last point—the exploration of Green Wizardry and that of magic—full circle.
And on top of it...It was one of the most painful things ever. Took me out for the rest of the day!! She luckily drove me home, and even stayed a few hours to help with my kiddos while I literally cried in my bed...
A food diary at it’s most basic form is simply a list of all the food that you ate over the course of the day. It can be kept on an excel sheet, in your phone or a little notebook that you carry with you. Every morsel that passes your lips MUST go down in the diary (or journal if that sounds less girly to you!). When you’re first beginning a food diary, keep it simple. Write down what you ate and approximately how much you ate (1/2 an apple, three scoops of ice cream). The key here is to be honest about the size and amount. Most people underestimate how much of one thing they’re eating. So play it safe and overestimate! This your basic food diary. Stick with it until you feel more comfortable, then switch up to a “big daddy” version of a food diary.
And He has given us light;
Take your bath towel and fold it in half, matching the shorter edges. Iron on the fold to make a crease. Open the towel and measure 4" on each side of the crease. Mark with a pin or marking pen.
I will tell you what as a die hard coffee drinker for going
With a word, God speaks, and where the Spirit hovered, life comes forth.
My Aspie son's favorite food now makes him throw up.
Those who express, or are suspected of holding, unauthorized opinions never get a job in an Establishment position because they are given negative code words - "racists" or "haters." The result is the “Ideological caste” purged of independent thought and consisting solely of drones, and followers. They talk like mindless robots - sexism, homophobia, racism, hate speech. The education system filters dissidents, preventing them getting qualified. Malcolm Bradbury made it clear in “The History Man” that those labelled “right-wing” are marked down.
That shit right there should be outlawed first. After two big swigs.
the cap, don’t fuss
Was that an achoo?
It wasn’t until late high school, sometime after my fellow boarders threw out my beloved overalls and before Mrs Woog frogmarched me to get my ears pierced, that I truly accepted what was clearly an irrefutable truth – it’s just hair. This occurred to me just as I was coming to terms with the fact that Life wasn’t really going to let me sail through it as an Icy Blonde, no Life was intent on making me a Mousy Brown.
I have to keep seeing different doctors for each phase of my treatment which involves many doctor appointments, bills to pay, insurance forms to complete, and FMLA forms to get filled out for time off work. I have follow-up appointments with the surgeon, appointments with a medical oncologist concerning the need for Chemo and learning about the pill I’ll be taking for five years, and the radiation treatments to look forward to every day for about 6 weeks except on the weekends. I am deciding if I should work half days during this time or just continue to stay off work until the end of these treatments.
The list of wrongdoing that Jews have been blamed for is quite expansive, Mr. Campbell reminds us, including poisoned wells and crops, missing children and the Black Death, though Pope Clement VI issued a bull relieving them of responsibility for the last horror. Instead, he chalked it up to “a misalignment of the planets,” as Mr. Campbell explains, “which is as close as the Church will ever get to saying that it, like the rest of us, just doesn’t know.”
Captain & Tennille – You Never Done It Like That
We've forgotten the shock and the patriotic fury Americans felt on that bright September morning eight years ago. We've forgotten our identification with fellow citizens leaping from doomed skyscrapers. We've forgotten the courage of airline passengers who would not surrender to terror.
It's really easy and could be done with any fabric and beads. So easy, in fact, I wrote a tutorial for you.
The Irish property market has recently suffered the most fundamental shock it has experienced in the history of the State. At Treasury Holdings we accept that there is a new reality. We accept and are grateful for the fact that we have continued to operate over the past two years with the support of the Government, its agencies and the taxpayer. We know that any arrangement that allows the company to continue and play a role in rebuilding the Irish economy must reflect that, and that the terms of any agreement must be designed to satisfy the Government, its agencies and taxpayers.
that is life and death--
After the count down I was off. The air was so cold that I could barely feel the tips of my fingers and toes. Athetica was right. Running in the cold seem to be better. The sun came up right about that time and struck the red rocks. What can I say? It was absolutely beautiful. No words can describe it. The first 1.5 miles was pretty much uphill. The half way point seem to come up awfully quick. I wondered if the course was correct. Athletica confirmed later that it was. I did my absolute personal best on this race, even breaking my record from the first 5k I did back in my 20s. I think there may be a 10k in my future.
Perhaps we’ll meet again at a future time when I am more interested in the gypsy woman and your insufferable need to prove yourself to the local constabulary. Maybe I will care to learn why you are Half-Sick of Shadows this November. Time will tell. Until then, I wish you luck with your sisters Feeley and Daffy, who seem to exist in their own novel (think I Capture the Castle) and your trusty bicycle Gladys. May it carry you to a more engaging adventure, and perhaps a little maturity.
As the Constitution is the highest law of the land, so the Bible is the highest law of God. For it is in the Bible that God sets forth His spiritual laws. It is in the Bible that God makes His enduring promises. It is in the Bible that God reveals the plan of redemption for the human race….
We got the call a week ago; her machine had died in the middle of a load. Within hours our machine was in her basement finishing up that load.
But aside from adoring Jeff, what I can't reiterate enough is his talent as a brewer. Just one example of this is that I judged the medal round of English IPAs and I was adamant that his (which I didn't know at the time I promise, it's a blind tasting!), was head and shoulders the best beer and the only one to really make the Fuggles & Goldings shine the way English brewers do - in fact I stayed at the judging table a few additional minutes with an extra glass in my hand courtesy of our lovely table steward! That's how highly I rated it.
I was always intrigued by Urban Blight and was a huge fan of their 'From The Westside To The Eastside' album (and their contribution to the NY Beat: Hit & Run compilation -- 'Escape From Reality' -- may be one of the best songs on the compilation) . While they were considered a part of the New York ska scene, they were also separate from it. They certainly incorporated elements of ska into their sound, but they also brought in more funk, jazz, pop and RnB than their NYC ska contemporaries and they sought to blaze their own trail which took them very close to being signed to a major label record deal. Sadly that opportunity eluded them. Nevertheless, their horn section was considered one of the best in New York City and they featured on several early Beastie Boys LPs including 'License To Ill' (hence the connection with Horowitz above).
Whilst contemplating wine I often think how remarkable it is that quite so many white grapes have names that begin with a ‘V’. Some of them may seem a tad obscure, but here is a list of all the ones that sprang to mind – with a few that I looked up:
Think about it. Every sin you've committed - okay narrow it down to a few - think about the motive behind it. It had something to do with your pride, didn't it? We're such selfish beings, we want this, we want that, we want to do things our way, we can't stand anyone outdoing us, or someone having something we don't have, or worse - having people think badly of us. It's all pride. Pride. Pride. Pride.
Feng was my family name, Qi was her family name, shi refers to the status of being married. Like millions of women of her age, for 60 years of hardships she didn’t have a name.
The reality.
May 9, 2012
For many people in the world, the watches are the only accessories that help in adorning their attires and completing their looks. Just like a vehicle needs regular maintenance to be in perfect operating condition, the watches need to be cared for in a thorough manner as well.
Here's mine. I DON'T LIKE St Kilda a bit more than I DON'T LIKE Collingwood. So ... GO PIES!!
As my familiar is blown to smithereens, and I struggle to get on food stamps and unemployment, I am going to carefully navigate through my experiences to see how I can add value back to folks my age who are or will be going through the same thing. As a CPA and maybe a financial responsibility advisor, I think I can help people far more than just trying to find another corporate 9 to 5.
I hope these letters may find their destination some day.
Social Security is under no danger of collapse. Period. Not unless we are stampeded by ignorant, sloppy, lazy media driven by fear-mongering politicians and their 1% paymasters into undermining it. And make no mistake, that's what we're seeing: As far back as 1983, a plan was hatched at a conference at the Heritage Foundation with the avowed intention of wrecking Social Security. The right wing hates Social Security; it always has - because it works, it has worked for 77 years, and it will continue to work into the future. And the only thing the right wing hates more than taxes is government programs that work.
Reveal it to me. Do.
I thought up a couple of options:
Stunning collaboration between two Swiss masters of their respective crafts.
The talk about the film being an adaption of What Happens in Vegas , seem to be nullified by Karan Johars response , “The fact that they get married in Vegas is only an aspect of the movie and not the entire movie. When you see the film in February, the fact will unveil itself that there is not a single note or point of similarity between the two films. They are totally different movies.”
Ink - Black
The cover of the rare issue pictures Superman lifting a car over his head
So, what IS it with countries and Daylight Saving? Why do people advance their clocks by an hour in March, and come November turn back their clocks by an hour? Okay, okay, I really do not have any good reason for disappearing. Except for perhaps Laziness. That is the best I can come up with. That, and the fact that Rohan’s next mail would have fired a bullet at my head, a la Rajni saar!
But it’s “Please to walk in front, sir,” when there’s trouble in the wind.
This year I am affirming simplicity by making the choices to clear clutter (inner and outer), making the time to meditate (got off track over the holidays and felt the loss of grounding immediately) and making the things that are most meaningful to me a priority.
Later that year Bobby and several of the band members went to New York to look for work. They were unable to find a job as a group, so when Eddie Condon left the Condon-Marsala Band at the Hickory House, Bobby took his place. After a short stay on 52nd Street he co-led the first band at Nick's in Greenwich Village (12/37). The club soon became a favorite stop for many New York City musicians. A number of photos taken at Nick's, many including Bobby, appear in chapter 3 of the Stokes book cited in the references.
Also, for the few people that read this that know me IRL (hint Mom and Shawn), these posts could serve as excellent birthday, Christmas, you’re-an-awesome-daughter/wife present list.
Rating: 3.5/5 If only we had a little more time with their love…
T: I’ve always liked sound. When I was 7 or 8, I spent a lot of time with my uncle, and his hobby was fixing up radio’s, and I found it just fascinating; I was really ‘tech-y’ as a kid, always trying to take things apart and figure out how they work. I couldn’t tell you when I first learned to solder two wires together, I just spent lots of time tinkering and trying things out, making stuff. Back then too you could buy kits to build various devices, like an oscilloscope from Hewlett Packard, so I would spend time on projects like that. My uncle also had a wire recorder that I would play with, and he eventually gave it to me. Back then wire recording was more popular, as magnetic recording was only in professional studios and broadcast facilities. So I had this recorder, and I had the patience when the wire would break, I would unravel the ‘fishing line’, tie a knot, and edit that way.
A movie shot entirely in black and white was a good choice to convey how lifeless these characters lives are. O’Halloran had some very good moments in this film. There was a long continuous shot between two characters that lasted roughly five minutes was great.
- My friend Petro.
Corsage, Massage, Freres Jacques?
She ran her class as something of an educational experiment, giving us the freedom to talk and write about whatever we wanted. My first essay for her was a call for America to give equal rights to broccoli. Later, I attacked a grading system that allowed me to get a 93 while my friend scored only a 79. “Does this make me 117.7% better a person than he?” I asked, quite the profound question when you stop to think in those pre-calculator days that I had to use long division
So, the vagaries of PR, coupled with a dismal turnout, have resulted in the current leader of the BNP and the ex-leader of the NF heading for Brussels to presumably team up with others of like mind. It’s a sad day when the political process delivers as unpalatable a pair as this but hey, that’s democracy and the people have spoken although they did poll fewer votes than last time. We may not agree with their choice but we have to take on board the thought processes behind the voting; thought processes that the chattering classes just don’t seem capable of ever understanding.
I Set My Friends On Fire’s You Can’t Spell Slaughter Without Laughter melts the precocious duo’s cracked sense of humor with an onslaught of thrash angular guitar riffs, pulsing dance beats, brutal breakdowns, sassy screams and lush melodic choruses to create 12 of the most ironic and original tracks heard in years.
Alcohol, tobacco, soda and sugary treats may be pleasurable, but they don't fill nutritional needs. That's not to say you can never indulge, but when money's tight, you need to rein in your guilty pleasures.
The Scottish star’s final outing as the Time Lord attracted more than 10 million viewers on New Year’s Day.
…amongst other things. He couldn’t expect to get everything right. He imagined the gas giants of Jupiter and Saturn to be worlds with solid surfaces upon which life was abundant and ripe for terraforming for human colonisation. In 1894 he had no way of knowing otherwise and in a world of pre-Einstein physics, naturally a lot he got wrong about the physical world. He also imagined a world still dependent on coal, the growth of electricity and a form of energy based on the premise of anti-gravity called “apergy”. In this world, the two superpowers are the USA and the United Kingdom. Canada, Mexico and several other nations had chosen to join the USA. The UK rules Africa, eastern Europe, the middle east and all the way to the Pacific. Most other dialects are dying or dead in a world where the English language reigns supreme. In this world, no Great War would ever take place. I’m sure he would have seen the irony that he would be proven wrong just two years after his death.
450ml warm milk
Financially it makes sense to give it a few months. And as I write this out and also discuss on FB with friends, it seems to make sense for Eric and I to wait a couple more cycles and try on our own. I am one of the most impatient people in the world. Since we have been trying for two years my patience is wearing thin, as is my emotional state surrounding pregnancy.
Like so many others, I was utterly charmed, moved and delighted by Michel Hazanavicius' black and white 'silent' film The Artist, and quite bowled over by its cleverness, and have little to add to Peter Bradshaw's rave review in the Guardian beyond this:
And the good news is that “NOW YOU ARE THE COLLECTIVE PIONEERS” for the universe and the cosmos.
Good evening All, I hope you are All well, What a day we have had here, Thunder and heavy rain off and on all day, Then upstairs decided to let there sink over flow so we had a flood in the kitchen, anyway tonight I managed to sit down a get a card made, this is for one of my many Nephews, he will be 15 next week, oh the joy of youth, The image ive used is called Music Mikey, dovecraft mens backing papers, ribbons sentiment and buttons from stash.
The fact it is the home city of Yulia Tymoshenko currently languishing in a Kharkiv jail is also an obvious consideration although it maybe of no importance as matters progress.
Back in ancient times, when my husband and I were dating, I remember making him pancakes one Saturday morning after we’d been naughty and spent the night together (sorry mom). I’m not a great cook now and back then I was pretty bad. I was not winning his heart through his stomach, but I did make some great pancakes. On occasion I added blueberries or chocolate chips, nothing too wild. I remember in 2007, after Matt came home from Europe he was raving about the banana and Nutella crepes he’d had in Paris. I was, how you say, inspired?! Et voila! Banana and chocolate chip pancakes were born into our lives.
Dark Skies was an attempt at a sad outlook with a promising future, but one you have to work for, something that inspires the audience, so we’ll see, had good comments so far, if I could get into the top 12 that would be awesome!
D & D Archives Master Series Volume 25
*** okay, we all know I’m looking for a liiiiiittle more than just a normal guy, but you get what I’m saying LOL… and I’m not really looking per se, but if one were to happen to fall in my lap, I’d like him to be a lot more normal than these characters.
