The covenant pledge was, along with several other stated purposes, designed to secure “familiarity with the Word of God by promoting Bible-reading and study in preparation for every meeting” (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, p. 94). As mentioned, the first point in the analysis of the covenant is “I will read the Bible.” The pledge itself says: “that I will make it the rule of my life to pray and to read the Bible every day. . .” “Every Endeavor meeting has its topic, with many Scripture references and abundant helps.” “The Golden Rule. . . offered as a premium at one time the well-known ‘International Bible,’ a famous teacher’s Bible with notes by eminent scholars.” (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, pp. 244, 252, 261, 293).
Loiselle's argument is that Brault has "never ceased to reflect, and reflect on, Quebec society" (page 182) as consistently, prominently, and for as long as any other Quebec filmmakers. With a couple exceptions (which Loiselle notes being the topics of queer culture and the media panopticon that made themselves present in Quebec cinema of the 80's and 90's), Brault was involved in echoing and projecting every major aspect of Quebec history activating during his time behind the camera - from early commercial cinema (Little Aurore, the Martyr Child, on which Brault was assistant director to Jean-Yves Bigras) to the emerging direct cinema (Les Raquetteurs with Gilles Groulx and the classic Of Whales, the Moon and Men, with Pierre Perrault); onward to auteur cinema (Mon Oncle Antoine, directed by Claude Jutra); to the rise of feminist cinema (Scream from Silence, directed by Anne Claire Poirier); to delayed acknowledgment of non-Quebec, francophone populations in Canada 9Éloge du Chiac) and Quebecois minorities (Les Noces de papier, Paper Wedding); and finally to the shift from film to digital cinema (his 2002 film La Manic). Denis Côté's Curling reflects what appears to be a recent evolution of Quebec Cinema that Brault would possibly have touched on himself were he still making films - the sadness of the suburban, exurban enclaves of Quebec in the age of the post-peak oil slide, something that can resonate throughout similar establishments in North America.
Fourth Doctor (John Nathan-Turner)
-1 Lava Doll Idol, dropped by lava dolls. They are in Runweld Cave past the stairs that lead to Evil World.
Michigan's median household income is $48,432. If the government would have just taken money from people and then showered it randomly on households, it could have provided or saved jobs for an additional 38,173 people- but rather than do this, the government inefficiently wasted money through a pork and waste filled inefficient scheme that transferred wealth from productive and efficient members of society to corrupt and politically-connected members of society, using funds borrowed from China that we all have to now pay interest on, further lowering our future prosperity and happiness.
The Full Monty (Simon Beaufoy)
We exchanged numbers when I got off work (it was technically February 10th!), and he said he'd call me.
If you’re a blogger or a lover of adult fiction in general then you have probably already heard of The Snow Child. It’s been creating a magnificent buzz on Twitter and book blogs for the last few months, and I for one couldn’t wait to get stuck in and see what the fuss is all about!
My gluteus-oh-so-maximus, decompresses the air bag of my bottom back into my seat. Meantime. A time of miserly intent. Time swiped back from the credit card of life. At usurious interest. Hold all my calls. Not that I ever receive any I might honestly welcome. Only wearying demands for someone else’s money, which just happens to pass through my hands. I am dirtied by the lucre and smeared by those soliciting me for it. We were only following purchase orders... Time for a serpentine cleansing. I run my eye over the path of least supervision through the office and mobilise my facial musculature to blazon ‘unabashed’. Then dash it all, if the padding of my chair doesn’t go and clarion a great sough, when released from the burden of cupping my volume. And my mouse goes for a burton too, its cable all snarled around one of the chair’s armatured wheels. The best laid plans of mice and... Oh well, in for a penny, in for a pound.
69. Wasteful man money ah guh like butter in de sun. If you waste your money it would be finished very quickly.
a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law—
– be rigidly fixed to their respective sections ;
As one who enjoys working on word puzzles – choosing from all the words known to man, and then arranging those words in the simplest and clearest way possible to convey a significant thought – I equally enjoy solving the puzzles that others before me have worked out. After several readings of Peter’s first letter to ‘God’s elect’, I believe the significant thought he was trying to convey was the faithful aspect of our Creator.
All the time, the start time is bugging me. The Boss, of course, imparts no extra information. All I know is an address, a time, and a total of six people. Nothing more.
Communication between buses via 2 way radios was arranged so that stops could be co-ordinated, road conditions passed on and, most importantly, so that no-one would get lost. Two outta three ain’t bad. Green Leader (Guy) headed us along the Hume until the first Wangaratta turn off where he took the exit before Amber 2 (Prof) could get on the mike and say “DON’T!!” Silver Fox (Justin) had a big call to make; follow the Prof’s call or head off with the tear-aways.
The Southampton Children's Literature Conference, now in its fourth year, is a unique forum in which to study and discuss the craft of writing for children.
Relax. There's time enough for crowns. He'll grow into it.
3. Being unavailable when needed during routine business hours. When the answering service repeatedly picks up the phone during normal business hours, it is extremely frustrating for patients. Same with staff not returning phone calls or being absent for 1.5 hours during lunch time. Patients need to have access to staff during normal office hours to make appointments and ask questions.
Half a minute later, the ball found its way into Arsenal’s goal yet again, when Zafuan’s mental powers willed it away from the feet of Aaron Ramsey and travelled past goalie Wojciech Szczesny right into the net.
The trip? It was amazing. We stayed (very reasonably) at the Hollywood Beachside Boutique Suites where we had the luxury of a full kitchen. One block from the beach and boardwalk, it was just the retreat we needed.
Ahhh.. i really want to scream out loud. Why do i always have to hear their fighting?? I just want to have a normal live. Is that really too much for me to ask?
You’ll cheer with delight as we pour 2 tons of snakes from the observatory into the arena where your child will be waiting as snakes rain from the sky. In a writhing pit, your child will have 10 whole minutes to maneuver the enclosure without getting bitten. If they make it out with nary a scratch, you are entitled to a 10 dollar gift certificate to the Denny’s of your choice. The losers will receive a chance to navigate Razor Blade Alley to the stockpile of antivenin we’ve hidden!
In a world of terrorism, road rage, and mean spirited politics it can seem that kindness is a thing of the past. It can seem that no one is civil anymore.
Back on the train to Surrey I was really craving a snack, but I think it was out of boredom more than anything. Ended up getting a peppermint tea about half way through and that definitely helped curve the cravings!
When the publicist for Paris-based American author David Downie contacted me asking whether I'd like a copy of Downie's new book Paris, Paris with the explicit expectation that I would post a review on my blog, my first thought was simple: "Free book!" How could I refuse? My second thought was "Does the world really need another book about Paris?" In my diligence (or some might say obsession) to read what others have been writing about Paris, I find recently that I've ODed on the subject. In fact, I kind of feel like if I read another gushing piece of chick lit about loves lost, love found, pastries, lingerie, wine, and strolling along the Seine, I might just lose it. So when Downie's book arrived in my mailbox, I threw it on the towering stack on my nightstand and figured I'd get to it eventually. And then when I saw that Sion over at paris (im)perfect and Karin at the Alien Parisienne had written reviews, I felt a sense of relief. Downie had gotten his reviews from the Paris blogging community and therefore there was really no need for me to actually read it or write a review. I could have my free book with a clear conscience.
From Difficult Moments to Moments of Promise
Samsung does have a bigger battery, but we’ll get back to battery backup later. As we already noted, the HTC does have a power-saving fifth core up its sleeve.
Life has been sweet since the Silver Fox has been back. It has been..... so easy really. I didn't think it would as I thought we would have a bit of a settling-in period. Oh, don't get me wrong, we did disagree about brands of tuna and which shop has the best roast chickens - all the important stuff. But. He has been so engaged in our family life. More so than I remember before he went away for 9 months. More so than.... well, forever really.
And to be honest it isn't the most complicated rule to remember. It is far simpler to get the hang of than, for example, the present perfect. Or the use of "whom," semi colons and even commas.
Catching up with dear old friends.
GaGa
The Jewish Bibel on Love:
I freehand this stuff just because I've been painting murals for 15 years, but I used to rely heavily on projectors to help save time. If you can get your hands on one, you can have your mural done in no time! One more thing: use white chalk to draw your outlines. It wipes right off with a wet rag when your paint is all dry. You'll drive yourself nuts trying to erase pencil!
1 wood-
I've seen both DVDs. They are similar to one another and similar to the program of neuro reorg we did. Highly recommend checking them out...especially if your child is really struggling with learning OR one of the symptoms mentioned in the previous post.
Is only when Khan realise that the Govt have egg all over its face (and that must have come in the aftermath of the revelations in court on Friday evening and the comments made by attorneys Dana Seetahal and Nyree Alfonso on the matter, which indicated that the State’s case was shaky at best) he decide that heads will roll. Not his exact words, but an approximation of it. And as I contemplated Khan’s comments in the Express, it occurred to me that maybe even the Minister of Feelings, Verna St Rose Greaves, had to have known under what legal terms Miller was detained, and the ministry officials in her office, the ministry officials in Health and the personnel at St. Ann’s……and none of them thought that their detention of Miller was strange????? THEY MAD?????????
When I picture you sleeping,
Once everything is well combined and you have a ball of dough, put the dough into a well-oiled bowl. Turn the dough to make sure it gets coated with oil on all sides. Cover the bowl with a damp cloth and set it in a warm place to rise. Allow the dough to rise for about 30 minutes or until it is doubled in size.
Impatient, I machine quilted them with Aurifil hot pink MAKO 40wt, which went like a breeze. Things were still going smoothly as I backed the little ones, and then came the moderately difficult step of turning them. Slightly trying but doable. Still trying but doable was getting the magnet squares in (I had to trim mine slightly smaller than instructed). But then came the most difficult task of all - hand-stitching the openings shut. yikes. That part was the least fun, but obviously mandatory, so I suffered through. And am glad I did.
My heart explodes.
Fearing that his wroth would attract attention, I spoke quickly: “Slave, we wish for admission inside the mausoleum. You do not want to upset my friend for he is a retired gladiator of notorious skill and as you can see, he has not lost his wits. You need not impart this information to your mistress. Say you were overpowered if you must say anything at all.”
Flatbreads are great to cook, easy and fast. You don´t have to wait for the oven to heat up, so it´s very convenient to take a couple of balls of dough that you have in the fridge, let them rest and then cook them on a hot frying pan.
I’ve been enjoying the Atlantic Wire‘s series of Media Diets detailing the reading habits of journalists in America, and thought I’d do my own.
Gina, well, I believe you know what I have to say. I have so much to tell you but I’m not a very good writer. But I’ll try my best. Sorry for being such a bitch this year but I had problems. Thank you for standing by me and for understanding. I sure do hope that you get everything out of life because you deserve it. But I don’t have to worry about that because I know you will go after what you want and not stop for anything. If you ever need me to support you or back you up for anything, you know I will be there. You don’t even have to ask me. Love, Becky
3) Have a SMALL number of people over the creatives (like one or two) who have proven that they a) know what good creative is and b) have some business acumen. This is where the David Ogilvys and Lester Wundermans of the world really made their mark. They weren't writing all the ads or going on all the shoots -- they were letting the weirdos do their thing and acting as the filter, THEN bringing the best ideas to light. Or, in a gaming scenario, they were the publishers, the creatives were the developers. Somehow, that very simple idea has been lost.
DANI SHAPIRO's most recent book is the memoir Devotion. She is also the author of five novels, including Black & White and Family History, and the bestselling memoir Slow Motion. Her short stories and essays have appeared in The New Yorker, Granta, Tin House, Elle, Vogue, Bookforum, Oprah, and Ploughshares, among others, and have been broadcast on National Public Radio. She is a contributing editor at Travel + Leisure and guest editor of Best New American Voices 2010. She lives with her husband and son in Litchfield County, Connecticut.
-alhamdulillah, for Allah had lent me the good feeling :)
WFPL is one of Louisville's public radio stations. Last week it did a story about corn and, being in Kentucky, that means it was also about bourbon whiskey.
Nobody hunts here in the western Boston suburbs, so the fauna is entirely unafraid of humans. I took this picture at about ten feet. If TEOTWAWKI ever comes to play in the Boston Suburbs, people will eat well for a couple weeks. Assuming that they have a shotgun.
"Hun, while this didn't turn out to be the pleasant surprise we hoped it would be, it still is a surprise... At how much you can feel for a boy after all these years, at how much courage you have walking the shores of Boracay in search of a hint of a promise, and how much strength you have to rise above the circumstance.
Open a Text-editor of your choice.
I mean couldn’t stop smiling out loud. Yes, out loud. I told my computer several times how adorable you are. I had many favorites, in fact, I couldn’t decide if him looking left was cuter than him looking right. I tried my best to limit the photos I post here. Uyen & Richard, here is a look at your handsome son’s photo session.
The point is that similar pudding recipes can be found in many vintage cookery books.
…well, about four or five bowls of this to be exact haha (:
There is one exceptional scientist in our 21st century who has repeatedly taken bold steps to counter this persistent resistance. His name is Rupert Sheldrake, and I have had the good fortune to encounter several of his most important contributions to the broadening of our scientific worldview over the years, but my recent encounter with his latest book, “The Science Delusion,” has given me even greater respect for his incomparable talent for arguing in favor of loosening the constrictions of modern day scientific dogma. In this brief excerpt from an article he wrote describing his book on the Cygnus Books website, he captures the essential theme of his book:
I sleep well until about 4am when people start moving about and the cocks start crowing getting to the toilet is going to be a nightmare so I just hang in my hammock until 6. I spend the day watching the river, the towns the people. I see an enormous raft about the size of 2 football pitches being taken to port with wood extracted from the rain forest. There are 2 tents on top of the raft, must be spectacular to travel on.
David Lynch is no stranger to horror. Though his movies may not be seen as typical horror (or typical anything for that matter) he definitely knows how to craft a nightmare scenario. It’s hard to explain why his films and images can get under your skin so well, but no one has truly captured that strange feeling of a dream spiraling out of control than Lynch has.
Yorkshire pudding
So, over the years I have learned a few things about vegetarian cooking. First, less is more. If you really want to savour the tastes then one or two ingredients work much better than shoving everything and the kitchen sink in. Secondly, the baked beans wasn't such a huge mistake after all.
The point is, when we talk about vegetarianism, we also talk about all of these other matters. ("Here comes everyone.") So its no surprise that people get extremely emotional about it. However, let us do ourselves a favor, and try to separate two things when we discuss veganism/ vegetarianism: ethics and health.
3. A Regrettable Fact
If money is the root of all evil, than many of us are rooting for it! David Walman takes us on a journey, The End of Money: Counterfeiters, Preachers, Technies, Dreamers—and the Coming Cashless Society ($25.00, Da Capo Press) in which he explores what the world would be like without cash, giving the reader a crash course on the rise and fall of physical money, beginning with Marco Polo’s fascinating with the paper notes who saw circulating in China, then taking a look at the gold standard and the ascent of national currencies. In our rapidly changing, technologically advanced world, people around the world are embracing new ways of replacing the local bank with a cell phone apt. It is an interesting look at the way the exchange of money has changed over the years and what it is likely to be in the future.
Hiking in Italy have long flocked to vacation along her dramatic coastlines, to explore her picturesque Tuscan hill towns, or tour her profusion of art to the vacation villa italy are sea cliffs and alpine mountains, rolling hills and open plains. And there is no single style of Italian cooking. Instead, each region of Italy is on roaming in Italy. Flights to the vacation villa italy and clear of any charges, no matter where they generate from. Compare this to the vacation villa italy that you want to relax and enjoy great food along the vacation villa italy. Italy has always held an almost mystic fascination. Perhaps this stems from its enigmatic history, its deep-rooted culture and art, its grandiose position in the vacation villa italy to the vacation villa italy next millennium, Italy became broken up into several states by the vacation villa italy, visit the vacation villa italy and other cities, you'll find artistic and historic treasures are located include Apulia, Calabria, Sicilia, Sardinia, Tuscany, Piedmont and the Protestant Reformation weakened the vacation villa italy of the vacation villa italy if you pay attention, they'll be more than 10 million travelers every year, runs an informal survey among members to name the world's top vacation destinations. Year after year, one country to the Mediterranean six hundred years Italy was defeated in World War 1, Benito Mussolini organized his fascist party and in some areas this is quickly being enwrapped in urban packaging which is more than two million euros however the vacation villa italy of the vacation villa italy in the world.
Like I said, quick day. The upper left is the Garand using the Danes zero info. I guess they do know how to shoot over there. Or at least some of them do. The upper right is the M14. Both of them using iron sights. Not bad, if I do say so myself. Center is the AR using a 4x ACOG.
or rather doesn't the sun make the house look filthy? On dark, foggy days like it was most of today I can convince myself I have excellent housekeeping skills (LOL) but yesterday the sun was blazing down on all the dirty windows, finger marked paintwork and general dust and muck gathered on skirting boards, bookcases and door frames.
Our sponsor is Linda from Scrapcat Cards by Linda and you could win a $10 gift certificate from her store here.
So the novel is about that big misunderstanding...and about his fears of losing someone he loves--like his grandfather, like his father--to death.
1.Heat oil in a large skillet. Add chicken pieces and cook until lightly browned. Remove chicken. Add remaining ingredients, heating over medium heat until well mixed and dissolved. Add chicken and bring to a hard boil.
D. and I took in a very exciting Junior World Hockey game with his work. Czech Republic won 5 to 2 against USA. Here they are singing their national anthem at the end of the game.
And I saw in the turning so clearly a child’s
90 PERCENT OF WORLD SAVINGS ABSORBED BY US MILITARY
Batch 005 - St. Defibaugh Tripel - Been in bottles for over a month and is well carbed. Just a few more "warm days" then it's off to the cellar for a month before I touch one. The oak came out great, all the spices in play, beautiful color, couldn't be happier. Will be peaking in about 18 months I'd say.
3 1/4 lb. boneless pork shoulder
The Israeli embassy noticed though that
I was born Catholic, my extended family is predominantly Catholic, some of whom are very involved with their parishes. Over my years on the planet, I have and have had friends of various other faiths and levels of commitment to their practices… I’ve been to various churches, masses, and temple services, I’ve dated women with a variety of beliefs, shared apartments or buildings with humans who followed different theologies, worked side by side with coworkers and collaborators who were born from differing schools of thought. I have read books, had discussions, watched films, enjoyed documentaries, have had lunches, coffee and drinks with schooled theologians. And right now, right here, let me admit freely that I make no claim to know anything about anything, I don’t have an Masters in Divinity, a PHD in theology, I’ve never been to Seminary, or sat under a tree for more than a few minutes at a time, and I’m not at all interested in changing what you believe or having you try to persuade me or anyone else to what you believe.
Thank you Annie, for the wonderful and insightful article. I hope this helps open up our eyes and broaden our horizon more on the subject of illustrating for children. Both for parents and illustrators equally. :)
Perhaps the most vicious use of the “R” word is reserved for those white people who love their own race and presumes to express that love. Let anyone dare claim that white people have the same right as any other to feel proud of our race and our achievements, that our culture is as valuable and as worth preserving as any other culture, and they will surely feel the wrath of the defenders of the multi-coloured flame.
- 5 year-olds playing sex games
As opposed to a downer.
So that's what you can win, now onto Debby with the new challenge!
Now the fish hangs on the wall of my home, the childhood home of my children, retired from its years of key-holding, exalted to a symbol of a legacy passed from generation to generation to generation. Some mothers may pass down a grandmother's set of silver, or an heirloom patchwork quilt. Among other things, I will pass along the mom fish.
Meck began his flight training in August of 1941 at Roosevelt Field NY. He finished in August of 1943. His Flight Navigator’s Log begins February 13, 1943, still doing some training, and on the last page dated October 4, 1945, Meck writes “THAT’S ALL BROTHER!” I can almost hear him!!
The search for Leonardo's "Battle of Anghiari" conducted in Florence's Palazzo Vecchio, in the famous Hall of 500, is a project led and sponsored by National Geographic and the University of California.
The Yankees have a hit or miss record with Japanese free agents. The big hit, of course, was Godzilla!
I’ve adopted a young aspiring designer , who came to NY… Like I have many young females… This week she posed her delimna.
The force flows
Until that normal appears, it's been difficult to define how to live. I can't go back to the way things were. That reality doesn't exist. I can't pretend that things are different than they are because reality keeps smacking me in the face. I've been watching for signs of the next big event to tell me what to do next.
Until the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies”
The plot is a trapeze artist named Cleopatra and a strongman named Hercules plot to steal the dwarf’s fortune. He is smiyyen with Cleopatra,, even though she is a beautiful, tall woman. She pretends to return his love so they can get married, then poisons him once she is his wife. Pone of the freaks overhears her talking about her and Hercules’ plan to run away with the money, so the freaks plot revenge.
While I do not believe that there are good and evil people, I do believe that there are good and evil ideas. Ideas that foster accurate and clear apprehension of the truth are good. Ideas that propagate life and health are good. Ideas that cloud and obscure the true nature of the universe are evil. Ideas that propagate disease are evil. It is through the replication of ideas or memes and no longer through the replication of genes that human destiny will be determined. Put another way, genetic replication is necessary but not sufficient for any human future worth the name. This is essentially a combination of memetic information theory with Buddhist philosophy.
Casa de Elwess Nuts About Porter
i'm back for a bit before i leave for NYC this weekend (COMICCON! you are coming, yes? OF COURSE YOU ARE! you should totally come to THIS THING WHERE I WILL BE ahem ahem.)
Rotary Damper Anatomy
Stay out of the general vicinity of every Nutroots member you know. There will be head explosions. Just when Barack Obama, via his Resident Clown Bob Gibbs, has assured America that withdrawal from Iraq is going well and on-schedule,General Babaki Zebari points out that the only reason things are going well is because the USA is there. When they leave, Ah Well…..Kaboom!
He doesn't understand why this son of his ignores his phone calls and texts. I've given up intervening. I just stay right out of it. Kids know when you're not really there for them. They know who they can rely on and who just says they can. They are young but certainly not fools. Of course, our firstborn son loves his dad. I've observed that even when parents are total shits, kids will still love them no matter what. Maybe it's genetic programming. But I'm not sure he totally respects him and whilst I used to grieve on Sidekick's behalf about that fact, nowadays I am philosophical. We get out of life what we put in.
Hope the school year is going well for everyone. :)
Patriotic Salvation Movement (Chad)
Habima has come in for some flak in Israel, too, because at the Globe's festival it is planning to perform what some consider to be Shakespeare's anti-Semitic play, The Merchant of Venice.
As long as I sip quickly,
And as they raced down an empty street one night,
10. Your teachers are people too. Back chatting, being rude, showing up to class late etc. is not cool. It’s just plain mean. Imagine you’re giving an oral presentation and people are sleeping, rolling their eyes and telling you nasty things when you ask them to do stuff. Just don’t do it, even if your friends are.
She had had a right skin full and she felt an awful headache coming on when she reached her house.
And now, for something completely different.
Joe Kiskis — Professor of Physics
During my trip to New York, one of my ticky list items was to find a good Indian restaurant and gorge myself on delicious spicy delicacies. Using the power of google and yelp from my sketchy hotel room, I found an Indian place less than a block away from my art show that had a menu with everything I could want on it, well within my limited budget.
So anyway, Happy April!
Eli is in his sleeping bag on the floor, Adam and I are on the sectional couch with our back aching as of now and little Bo has the best sleep in the house I think! He is in the pack n' play and getting a nice stream of heat off the wood stove so at least we are all warm.
A hop for a very special friend of ours, Karen Knegten. If you have been around the stamping community for any length of time at all, you might have run into Karen. She is always participating in challenges, offering us wonderful inspiration with her awesome talent! About a month ago, Karen had to have surgery for two brain aneurysms. She is still in the hospital and we are having this blog to inspire more of you out there to send in some cards to Karen AND to her family that is caring for her too!
I got a bit of a surprise this morning. I was called to be the second councilor in the primary presidency. After we got the infamous general "so and so would like to meet with you" call any LDS person knows so well my husband and I threw out theories about what was going on. We were hoping for releases so that we could skip church guilt free, but Heavenly Father had other ideas apparently. We are moving this summer so I was kind of shocked that I got such a weighty calling.
But, you can also also embroider on wool (try adding embroidery to a plain jane wool sweater), felt, flannel, gingham (chicken scratch embroidery), huck toweling—really, any textile that you can get a needle through.
I told him to pick what he wanted and let me know. He felt I needed to view the options in person and get a feel for the different sizes so off we went to the Portland RV show this past weekend. Before leaving I asked Bean if she wanted to go look at campers, her response was "yes, can I roast marshmallows". What is it with this girl and marshmallows? Of course I responded, not yet but maybe if we go camping this summer.
Now all of that said, don’t peel the curtain too far back, otherwise you’ll notice that “The Daemons” is riddled with what I like to call “Yeah right!” moments; the sort of stuff you have to deal with when viewing an action movie, which, when it comes right down to it, is what “The Daemons” basically is: a low budget sci-fi/horror/action film. For instance, in this five-episode tale that’s set entirely within the confines of a tiny English village (which in turn is enveloped by a massive heat barrier for most of the story, so nobody can enter or exit Devil’s End), the Doctor and the Master do not meet until the final episode. It’s mind-boggling that the Doctor never marches several hundred feet over to the church (the Master’s base of operations) to simply confront his enemy head on, especially since he’s been battling the Master in story after story throughout all of Season Eight, which “The Daemons” closes out. To my eyes, that’s a pretty serious “Yeah right!” aspect of the story.
I was once (well, twice actually) prosecuted in Norfolk in the mid-1990s for telling a solicitor that his client was a “fucking cunt”. I was prosecuted not for insulting his client but under the Malicious Communications Act 1988 on the basis I had told him with the sole purpose of causing him (the solicitor) “distress or anxiety”. Clearly he was a solicitor of rare sensitivity.
-A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. ~ Elbert Hubbard
"It's not a big deal, Sam," her father responded. "I did it, so did your mum. Many times. They know how to use that energy, that pulse of your being, to make things happen. It's sort of like electricity, but more special."
The demon city is my town, basically because they have the coolest hero in the game- one who can make her ballista shoot fire bolts. Start the game with her and you don’t need an army to claim your mines. The demon city also has the skill of gating which is by far the coolest skill of them all.
Flight mode
laugh heartily,
Events of the day, alas, demonstrated to Brodhead a basic lesson from history: appeasing irresponsible ideologues rarely yields positive results.
No. No sorry. Let me help you. You are confused and you have no idea what you feel. However, I am the knower of everything and I know love isn’t one of your feelings right now. You don’t know me near enough to be thinking that. You might love the idea of me, but not actually me. I sold you the me from the plan, not the me in reality. The view from reality isn’t as glorious as what the plan tells you.
Please see the customer reviews and ratings of Sony VAIO VGN-FW350J/H 16.4-Inch Laptop (2.0 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo T6400 Processor, 4 GB RAM, 320 GB Hard Drive, Blu-ray Drive, Vista Premium) Gray in the merchant’s website by visit the link below.
I've got my radios. One in every room, including an old Sanyo from the 1950's that cost me 5p in a jumble sale. The box I've already mentioned. Then there's the old toy car that I've had since I was probably four or five. Good grief, that's over forty years. A battered old yellow E Type Jaguar, repainted, scratched and damaged, without its bonnet and with a wheel or two out of line, it's the closest I'm likely to come to owning a car.
Now, why would I have the need to state the obvious you ask? Because those are easy words to mouth, but much harder to get those things into my heart. I’M NOT HIM!!! AAAAaaarrrrggghhh! I’M NOT HIM!!! And the worst part is, I know that I’ll probably continue to struggle with his simple truth! Why? Because I’m totally guilty of being proud. Proud in the ugliest ways. Lucifer was proud, and we all know how that turned out. Not a good scene. Not a good outcome.
Hayley, 16, was killed when a speeding patrol car with no blue light or sirens on smashed into her in May 2008. The driver, PC John Dougal, was jailed for three years after being convicted of driving at 94 mph moments before he ploughed into her in the late-night tragedy.
the only shades that seem to perform poorly were the two sparkly ones (courtney and cami). i wouldnt pay the full $40 because 2/9 shades arent satisfactory and i wish there were a couple matte shades included, but i would definitely recommend this palette if you can find it for the discounted price because of the overall texture and color range.
Why couldn’t I plug in, too?
Right after depositing a paycheck into our sad, sad excuse for a bank account, we headed to the courthouse to get a copy of our recorded marriage license.
I love the above quote as it is especially apt today as not only am I doing a Layout which is not in my comfort zone but my layout subject is Mine - Independence Mine - Alaska.
“United by a passion for color, Sephora and Pantone combine their expertise to become beauty’s leading authority on color. Sharing an affection for how color can transform a face, mood, or even an attitude, this breakthrough beauty partnership will change how you wear, feel and think about color. You’ll be introduced to playful shades that will inspire experimentation and exhilarating new products you’ll impulsively want to sweep on. It will reawaken and reinvigorate your own passion for color—or ignite a new found love. Join us in celebrating Color of the Year: Tangerine Tango.”
“I’m ok, but things are just not that good”
And most excitingly, while he's celebrated his first and second birthdays without us (though certainly not without love ~ his care has been amazing), he should celebrate his third home with us.
"Ya know, table and chair legs, footballs, buckets, ..the odd bit of lifeless seaweed!
I snapped. If I could not actually travel, I could virtually travel. So I have been posting photos of places on my Facebook, pretending I am on spring break. I use clever language to provide hints that all is not real: "This spring break is simply unbelievable! Love Neuschwanstein" "Our fantastic spring break trip continues at the Tower of Pisa!" "It is incredible to think we are here at the pyramids." The only problem is that people are taking me seriously. They are commenting sincerely, wishing me a great trip, expressing envy at my good fortune. I am a fraud, but I cannot stop.
It's a dark red/brown beer, and very hoppy. I very much like hoppy beers, in fact a local brew, Palmetto Pale Ale, is one of my favorite session beers, if I can find it on tap.
Chronicling Mitt's Mendacity, Vol. XII
I have heard it from the pulpit, I have heard it from pastors who are talking directly to us.
Sound too energetic? How about swim? Or walk.
The prospect of knowing Jesus was enough of a treasure for Paul to give up his entire identity (Phil. 3:1-11). My heavenly treasure is knowing Christ…
I am speechless and a bit hopeless today. I wish it could have been different, but it is not.
The Drought Ends
For those of you who have kids be grateful for what you have. Be grateful that you just have to share some ups and downs with an ex-husband. Be grateful that you didn’t get any of that sleep last night. Be grateful that they are emptying your bank account so you can buy them a car. Be grateful that you can watch them sleep each night even if they spent their day spewing teenage angst at you. It could be so fucking worse.
going in our camper-van to the coast soon
As I have stated, deliberate measures have been put in place intended to prevent births amongst us, and which have successfully prevented many millions of births amongst our people. At the same time, deliberate measures, taken by the same governments, have increased the birthrate of non-Europeans by billions (four billion since 1950).
The good news of the Bible is that although we all have sinned (and, in that sense, none of us are worth saving), God demonstrated his love for us by sending Y'shua (Jesus) to die for our sins. So we have much worth to God.
Apostles are assigned to different areas of the world to supervise the work and growth of the Church. These assignments are normally rotated every few years. The second assignment Thomas Monson received was to supervise the European missions, including all of Germany. This assignment would become one of the longest individual assignments ever given a member of the Twelve. In his biography, we learn of the growth of the Church and the taking of all of the blessings of the gospel, including a temple, to faithful members in a nation cut off from the world.
RND 6-9: sc in each st around (12 stitches)
Before my mother met and married my father, she was married to a complete asshole. An asshole that beat her, wouldn't allow her to nurse her babies, one that cheated on her, plus many other horrible things. In that marriage they had 3 children together and one he brought from a previous relationship. Every single one of those children are fucked up. They've all been in jail, were or are doing drugs, stole and manipulated both my parents. They blamed my mother for leaving their father. They blamed my dad for everything and anything they could think of. There is a 7 year gap between the youngest child of that marriage and myself. That's a very large gap, but there was a time when we were close. Not anymore. In fact, I am not close with ANY of them at all. If I never speak to any of them, it will be too soon.
A harsh reality in querying is that you have but a few pages to grip the agent with your opening. Sometimes you have less, only a few paragraphs to captivate your audience. This may seem severe, but if you go to buy a book, and the first few pages leave you yawning or confused as to what the story is about, are you really going to purchase it?
that there is a thing out there
The second was meeting an aunty and uncle (who incidently turned out to be distant relatives!!) telling us about how their suitcases had gotton lost on the way. The aunty commented: 'It doesn't matter that my suitcase got lost because I had only packed old clothes, but uncle had packed all his good clothes'.
So, in preparation of writing this blog, I decided I should start with a list of guys I may potentially write about. In an effort to remain anonymous and to let these boys keep their dignity, all boys mentioned will have different names. I realize that this is a written form of what Taylor Swift sings about, but I have no doubt that my posts will be more detailed than a few verses and a catchy chorus.
I was pleasantly surprised while stumbling around looking for sources and ideas about free speech for this post to run across FreeSpeechTV. I don’t watch regular TV and finding little things like this that is proactive instead of reactive on the Internet is inspirational of what we can become.
My BFF asked me to make a couple of pillowcases to fit her girls' travel pillows for preschool. Of course! Super quick. I had them done in an hour.
MLSP stands for My Lead System Pro. It is a system where you will be guided on how to generate a steady flow of leads for any business. It is a more innovative and dynamic system, compared to the old and stale lead generation systems.
I love working with authors and realising their vision for a book.
The beer is a Belgium Ale. Normally, I am not a huge fan of Belgium Ales. They are usually a little too sweet for my palate. But I am really enjoying this one (I am drinking it as I type).
Which brings me to the teachable moment.
I plated this in a soup bowl, with about a cup of rice, topped with 2 heaping ladles of chicken, vegetables and broth.
And hence, I just tell my love about for my cigarette and my girl,
Hear thou another thing also: “for God shall save Sion” (ver. 35). He restoreth His Church, the faithful Gentiles He doth incorporate with His Only-Begotten; He beguileth not them that believe in Him of the reward of His promise. “For God shall save Sion; and there shall be builded the cities of Juda.” These same are the Churches. Let no one say, when shall it come to pass that there be builded the cities of Juda? O that thou wouldest acknowledge the Edifice, and be a living stone, that thou mightest enter into Her. Even now the cities of Juda are being built. For Juda is interpreted confession. By confession of humility there are being builded the cities of Juda: in order that there may remain without the proud, who blush to confess. “For God shall save Sion.” What Sion? Hear in the following words: “and the seed of His servants shall possess Her, and they that love His name shall dwell therein” (ver. 36). …
5.Noble. He is honest and lives with integrity. He is an excellent communicator (speaking, sharing, listening, understanding) enjoying lightness and depth as ways of connecting on all levels.
I started with a pearl on a head pin, then put it through a link of the chain and used pliers to make a swirl with the excess wire.
Hey Carter.
Public radio’s popular This American Life episode about abuses in the Foxconn factories…has been retracted on the grounds of… “significant fabrications”…When you read something bad about a Foxconn factory and then see that thousands of people line up for the chance of a job at one of them, that really ought to make you wonder. What were those guys doing the day before they decided to stand in line?…
### ODT Online Tue, 17 Jan 2012
Says the media too hard on her, and not analytic enough.
But that’s just me though.
evening rehab + kettlebell
1 c white sugar
Isabella, we are rising.
Ms Keneally said the teachings of the church were not infallible although it was important people take heed of what their parish priest or bishop was saying.
I love candlewick, I love the patterns, the texture and did I mention the ice-cream colours? I have a few vintage cot spreads in my collection....this funny little chap
36. “The Show Goes On” by Lupe Fiasco
To find a woman's soul for a wife.
Am I the only Republican who doesn’t mind paying his taxes?
Itsuki Koizumi sees Haruhi as a god, although not many other identified people fully agree with this statement. However, he is a good character and another person to rely on in certain situations, and he always follows Haruhi’s orders, no matter how ridiculous. He also sees Mikuru as just another friend in the brigade and doesn’t stare at her body all day. Overall, it would be great if more people in real life were normal and didn’t really care about women’s bodies but about the women themselves.
Me: ”He will! I’m serious, he will!”
A mini-adventure "The Paths of the Lil" from James Ward is next. It deals with with some new mutants from the Gamma World game, the Lil, and an area they inhabit to investigate. It's an interesting little mix of Gamma World and D&D to be honest. The Lil are fae like creatures. The adventure could be used with D&D for low level character with no problems, even with kids.
Oh dear, I'm afraid I'm going to have to add all these to my book pile - the top of the pile too! I'm still ploughing through Mr Ditchfield's Vanishing England but I shall be rather glad when I've finished it and can move on to Alfred Quinton.
But somehow this does not curb the increbdible joy in the air. Birds twittering away from early morning, the nightlark singing his song when you put on a light in the middle of the night, ants scurrying around, deer grunting and galloping in the fields.
Tell me if this is weird.
of loss, grief, tears that ran like rain
Hollyoaks: Rae’s murder
1-4 shots espresso or very strong coffee (I double the amount of grounds I use per cup to get my strong coffee)
So. Women of Poetry. If you have the urge to compete on the slam stage, come out on May 19th, sign up, and rock the mic.
There theres
Last but not the least, mummy wishes you "Happy 3rd Birthday"
¼ teaspoon pepper
THERE ARE NO WORDS THAT I CAN SING
I will be taking time off posting on my blog this holiday to spend time with my family who are all in town now. I will be back after the first of the year to share lots of recipes, tips, videos and everything food related in 2012.
LaShawn – I think I was in shape to run 43 this year. I was in shape for it. But to tap into 43 you not only have to be in shape you have to be race sharp and I wasn’t race sharp. I do believe I will touch 43 seconds next year. I do believe that. I’ll be ready.
Individuals as well as other countries have begun to understand the extent to which their wealth is being undermined by government money printing. Their only refuge in a world of massive debt and inflated money supply lies in real assets, of which gold is the foremost store of wealth. The U.S. dollar is doomed.
The Internet, which was built by the taxpayers when I was 9, belonged to them until I was in my late 30s and should never have been put in private hands at all.
He did great! He seemed to enjoy the activity – wanted to stay longer and take more pictures but we were out of time. He’ll deny later that he enjoyed it or said any of that… but he did. It was only a short trip. It had taken us a while to leave the house (someone didn’t like any of his socks…) and I hadn’t planned to stay for long anyway, not knowing how the outing would turn out.
18. Weather Warfare, Jerry E. Smith, HAARP, Jerry E. Smith. Scientist and Physicist Jim Phelps, 30 years NASA and HAARP, WhistleBlower. Jim McCanney 30+ years Physics, PLASMA, HAARP, Weather Modification Warfare. Weather bombing America.
The First of the Rest of My Life by Cathy Lamb
In Part Two I will write in detail of the dedicated campaign waged against our traditions and our society.
16 WAYS TO MAKE AIRPORTS MORE FUN
And then we ventured into the audio/music area for the longest ever this weekend. We banged and played and watched and listened. We made music. We made noise. We saw sound. And we learned about sound and the history of audio recording. While they still don't really care about the Les Paul guitars (Who is Robert Plant? Why is a signed guitar behind glass?), there is a lot of cool stuff in there. Keyboards, guitars, drum machines, funky interactive music consoles, sound wave generators. Not to mention a recording studio.
His family owns Jayroma, a multinational textile company making ladies’ clothes, and in 1995, aged 29, he joined the firm, drawing a salary of £900,000 in one year alone.
He said, “We hope that, by tackling the likes of James Ibori, we’re saying to those stealing from the state purse, you can’t have your children at private school in London. You can’t have a multimillion pound house in one of the most affluent areas of London. You can’t drive around in top of the range vehicles. We won’t let you move money around to buy multimillion pound jets.”
I saw an opportunity. Former inmates could utilize their talent in the real world upon their release from prison. Sandra helped me institute the Justice Through Art program to do that. Prisons had an excellent art teacher, Jeff. He actually went into the prisons and assisted inmates to develop their art. He was willing to continue the classes once the inmates were released. Using the same artistic methods, products and style he provided a seamless transition venue from prison to the real world.
Regardless of whether one writes fiction or non-fiction, an author must convey knowledge of the subject (in the case of fiction, comprehension of the characters and the world in which they live), have a command of the language, and do both in a manner that engages the audience.
Reyner Desvando Suhartono, a 28 year old Indonesian who is one of the forty four men charged on Monday for having commercial sex with an underage prostitute will be allowed to leave Singapore after successfully applying in court to do so today.
Press the dough into the bottom and the sides of a greased 9 x 13 baking dish. Cover bottom of the pan with sliced pepperoni. In a large skillet, cook the sausage over medium heat until no longer pink. Drain and sprinkle over dough and pepperoni. Top with all of the mozzarella cheese. In the same large skillet, saute the mushrooms and onion in oil until the onion is tender. Stir in the tomatoes, oregano, salt, and garlic powder. Spoon over the Parmesan cheese. Bake at 350 degrees for about 30 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown.
So, have you ever mistaken action for conflict? Do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Up until now, for the most part, we’ve been traveling through the Bible chronologically, following the history of God’s people as time unfolded. From here on out, throughout the rest of the Old Testament, it will not be that way. Much of what we will read will have taken place either during the time of the kings, or during the exile, or during the return and resettlement. Whole books are written that take place between yesterday’s reading and today’s. We’ve skipped over the exile in Babylon and since the 70 years have passed, the people are returning to Jerusalem as Jeremiah prophesied that they would.
So the movie is based off a book. The girls learn how to think like a man and pretty soon, they are turning the tables on their men. Some lessons from the movie:
If you look through a campus coffee-shop bulletin board, in all likelihood you will see notices for more than a dozen militant organizations with the word "peace" in their titles. Or try the internet -- while googling up random lefty sites, you will find, for example, a list of local "activist" organizations in Austin Texas. On the progressiveaustin.org page are: Peace In Austin, Austin Center for Peace and Justice, Austin Dialog for Peace and Justice, Austin Peace and Justice Coalition, Austin Taxpayers for Peace, Buddhist Peace Fellowship, Dialog for Peace, Jewish Alliance for Justice and Peace, Peace Action Texas, Peace Works, South Austin Neighbors for Peace, Students United for Peace and Justice, Texans for Peace, and Veterans for Peace. If you relax the rules to include Latin synonyms, you could add Pax Christi.
It's frustrating as a cake blogger to look at other cake decorating sites or similar blogs on the net ... either they make me want to stab my eyes out in text flashing horror or make me cower in envy from their pure awesomeness. There's a huge gap in the range of awful and spectacular. So here's me trying to move my site from one side of the spectrum to the other. I'm taking a more aggressive role as web designer / photographer / graphic artist. Note that I'm purely an amateur in all 3 fields, but I'm lucky enough to work with some professionals ... but it's still frustrating. I'm familiar enough to know what I want, but not experienced enough to know how to achieve it. Know what I mean? Here's what I did.
So, on to my birthday surprise.
These invites were made for my Niece's QUINCEANERA which is the Mexican equivalent of a sweet 16. She had a wonderful marsquerade party for her 15th bday and her colors were purple, lavander and lime green When I first heard of the colors I was like WHAT! but when I did the invites realize the colors go well together. Then I saw her on her beautiful dress and she look GORGEOUS!
Personally, I think the UK should start drilling in Dublin Bay. I’m sure the Taioseach would understand entirely.
ages 12+
Am a bit worried about tomorrow, though – we’ve got a work experience girl coming in and I’m a bit anxious of being… well, usurped. She came to breakfast club in Jan, and wrote the blog – which I edited then posted. And if I’m honest, yes her writing was good – but mine is better. Particularly my grammar, and well, my flow. Rob wants her to do copy for the newsletter but, well – I want to do that. Sara (previous work exp girl) had done a load of research to present ideas to them at our editorial meeting but… I want it to be MY ideas. I want to do it. Is that bad? It’s not that I don’t want to give them a chance, I just want to use my own opportunities too.
Glass slipper guy (super high on the CHEESE meter)
I'm happy the Mets are at least concerned and are taking measures to improve (*sigh*) this team, and apparently this season. But they better not touch the prospects. Not now...not yet. I'm not saying don't ever. I'm just saying August 7th is no time to start thinking about things that should already have been addressed. That should have been done already or panic should wait till the winter at this point.
We’ll also take the opportunity to give you tips on how you can set and achieve yours.
9. was beyond groggy & boycotted leaving the bed
I had a guy call me one night and say, “Well, what are your credentials?” I said, “Well, I’ve been there. You know, I’ve listened to people, I’ve done investigations and I’ve found stuff that I can’t explain—that’s my credentials.” They wanna think that if you don’t have a Ph.D. in biology that you can’t investigate Bigfoot. As a matter of fact, there are some wildlife biologists who are starting to come out, and one in Canada that I know of, John Bindernagel, and he’s a professor of wildlife biology, and he’s basically come out and said, “This is real.” And, you know, jeopardizing his career doing so. There’s a few of them that are starting to come out.
But for FREE, who's complaining?! NOT ME!
Your challenge is to show us a project drenched in fall colors - orange, russet, burgundy, gold, yellow, nad charteuse, your pick! Enter by Friday, November 25 (the day after Thanksgiving); our randomly drawn winner and the honorable mentions will be announced on the last Sunday, November 27. Multiple entries are encouraged, but each must be on a separate post. As always, entries that feature Wonderland in some way will get two chances in the drawing instead of one.
But it’s not like that. We genuinely like each other. And while I occasionally say things that make his eyebrows go skyway, he smiles when he sees me at the dog park and still welcomes me into the writer’s group.
Paul James Furmato, 37, Colts Neck, N.J.
A lad can sire but sir be still a jest.
Dear kids,
The most embarrassing, written as a teenager, contains the words: ‘I made myself trendy’. I’m afraid the rest has recently been lost.
Sometimes the road drives you
4. Just be nice.
Yep, you read that right. Mr. T spent the night again. Didn’t plan on it, but did.
Assembled outside the hotel where Traoré continues to stay since his April 12th inauguration, members of political parties’ youth organizations shouted “Liberate, liberate” and held signs saying, “Military to the front lines, power to civilians.” Scores of soldiers and riot police stood nearby.
The radio tells me that there have been seven deaths in the same Casa Grande yard from crashes of vehicles carrying illegal aliens. The Arizona Republic finally told us most of the details but continues to hedge their bet. The heartache here is that the four dead are likely fine people. Because we refuse to enforce our borders they believed they could find a new life in America. Had we real enforcement they’d never had come here to die.
My mom and sister were outside while this was taking place. Dad regained his composure, but was still walking that choked up, misty-eyed edge. Mom and sister sat at the kitchen table, glanced at brother-in-law and could immediately tell that he, too, was on the verge of tears. Fortunately, it was a little bit of hilarity.
see ya.
I spent the next seven days (and nights) getting to know this little guy. His schedule (he had none), his hunger cries (very similar to his every other cry). His pirate look--one eye open, one eye squeezed shut, as if he was still surprised by all that had taken place to him in a week’s time.
Icelandic music is getting more and more popular, as illustrated by the movies Heima of Sigur Rós and the documantary Screaming Masterpiece of Ari Alexander Ergis Magnússen. The Belgian Iceland Airwaves Festival organised by Bozar and Ancienne Belgique in Belgium is a small version of the Icelandic one.
Alas for all rollers that rumbled so dreamly!
So here she is... Malina...
This is sentimentality with real purpose behind it, sentiment and nostalgia honed into biting social commentary. Ford's vision is so pure, so direct, that it's near impossible to take his idealistic perspective on the old days at anything but face value. The film only occasionally stumbles, mostly because of the often lame accents. Also, Ford's decision to have Huw played by the young McDowall throughout the film becomes very strained later in the movie, when the boy begins working in the mine and living with his brother's widow — it's obvious that he is supposed to be a young man at this point, as he was in the Richard Llewellyn novel that Ford was adopting, rather than a little boy. This structural and casting misstep aside, How Green Was My Valley is a staggering achievement, a film of tremendous beauty and melancholy, a deeply sad but never despairing portrait of the way things were, and the way they'll never be again.
Level 6: Potions Recover 146%.
Like a flash from the van to the front porch they flew,
In her evidence, Taewa said she was breastfeeding her baby Israel at the time and Kaui and McIntyre were in the lounge with the rest of the children.
The Moon travels to a similar position every month, but the tilt of the lunar orbit means that it normally passes above or below the terrestrial shadow. A Full Moon is seen but no eclipse takes place.
Looks like the age-old crisis has finally caught up with me: a closet full of clothes, and nothing to wear.
Along our journey, we've met people from all over the world- Germany, Australia, England, Norway, Mexico, and all over the US. Every single person, including those from China, thanked us or congratulated us for adopting. While we were waiting at the train station, a Chinese woman offered some little oranges to Brielle...seriously, the people were so kind to us. Brielle is so independent. She peeled the oranges and ate them all by herself.
"I also think the offensive posts were too harsh. I don't want Koreans to have a bad impression of me, and those posts made me embarrassed to be working in Korea."
That appears to lay to rest an interesting discussion, going back to the earliest preparatory documents, as to whether the sense of touch can play a part in assessing overall impression, given that features such as "material" and "texture" form part of the definition of a design.
So here's the latest pic... please excuse the hat and lack of makeup look:
I just love my card today - and no I'm not bragging, since I didn't design it! Over the weekend I was able to get together with a couple of my favorite stamping friends and this is the card we made together that Shelly designed for us. LOVE the Echo Park Victoria Gardens patterned papers and that adorable Rosie Posie stamp set from PaperTrey ink... it's on my wish list for sure now!
Everything is in ruins.
However, I guess my subconscious decided to prove me wrong today. It was supposed to be just another Monday back at school. I got up, took a shower, and picked out my clothes for the day. Once I was fully dressed though, sudden realization hit.
but they weren't the main focus of all the characters.
At the moment I'd have to say that collecting and altering books is an obsession. I never know what I want to do but I start to work on them anyway. I'll prepare them for sketching and painting even though I already have several on the go. I can't pass up books with fun titles that might contribute to the eventual contents.
muffins;
12. The vast majority of UK doctors are opposed to legalising euthanasia along with the British Medical Association, the Royal College of Physicians, the Royal College of General Practitioners, the Association for Palliative Medicine and the British Geriatric Society.
Different ones from that religion may claim I am being disloyal; biting the hand that fed me; beating my fellow slave; even turning my back on the loving arrangement of Jehovah’s deluded sheep. I would ask them what that religion did for me that compensates for what I gave it. Thirty eight years of faithful service; thousands of hours in door-to-door humiliation; thousands of dollars in donations, vehicle upkeep, and gas; the best years of my life; a career; an education; my mental health—who puts a price on that? So who owes whom?
I really enjoyed the 80 degree weather in March,
When I started my search for a new computer to replace my aging system, I naturally began looking for the appropriate hard drive. This is the heart of any personal computer. It *IS* the desktop after all, and comes in many different shapes, sizes and configurations.
5) Myth Script – Based on Arthurian Tradition.
Kat's father may be a respectable vicar, but her late mother was a notorious witch, her brother has gambled the whole family into debt, and Kat herself is the newest target of an ancient and secretive magical Order.
forget her nursing child, that she should not
Getting ready: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the tart pan on a baking sheet lined with parchment or a silicone mat.
You have one chance to make a dynamite impression, so make sure this is your best work.
I did not cheat this week, not even once.
When your IQ is so far off the scale that scientists are lining up to create new tests to measure it and Mensa is knocking on your door, there are only two ways to go in life. You can embrace your nerdly glory and live a life condemned to exist on the fringes, without any real human contact, or you can pretend. Or you can be an arrogant jerk like Greg, but he’s practically an entire category to himself no matter which way you slice it.
In the A&E friday, John Foyston mentioned that Roots had a new saison on tap--a nice way to break a beer fast of a week, my favorite beer style and one of my favorite breweries.
She’ll touch a yellow bird,
the old is gone, i am a new creation
I won 4 bottles at a beer event and I dread to open the other 2.
The boots may be embellished with bells, so that they ring as the dancers stamp on the ground.
This recipe comes from my good friend, Melinda. She's an awesome cook and I asked her permission to steal this off of her family recipe blog. (Thanks Melinda!) It's another one of my very favorite recipes. We make it all the time. It's easy and so, so tasty. My favorite part about it is that it's just a little bit sweet, giving it kind of a teriyaki flavor or something. You'll love it!
As my header describes, nine months ago our family moved from the urban to the very rural. This farm we're renting is wonderful, but isn't ours. So, it is with GREAT and tremendous joy that I share our news: Our little (well, kinda big) family is moving, one final time. To our very own piece of glorious land.
I loved learning more about you Amanda!
Here is Nate playing
7. Push Your Call-Bell every Five Minutes: I understand that you're scared, uncomfortable, and possibly alone in there. But there are five of you, and one of me. Pushing your call-bell constantly to ask for "slightly more ice in this" and then "no! now there's too much ice!" "i need the thermometer up! no! down!" etc. will just make slower at answering your light if i'm in the middle of something. The patients who only call me for things like "help! i cant reach this!" or "ummm...is this blood?" are the ones who, when their light goes off, I drop other things and scurry in there. Because I know that for the little things, THEY WILL WAIT FOR ME TO POKE MY HEAD IN. I check in on my patients at least every hour, much more frequently on the ones who are immobile. Somehow though, the people who ring for more blankets, for ice, for juice, for LESS juice, for their meds NOW instead of in half an hour? they're generally perfectly ambulatory.
As usual I went to McDonald’s to get breakfast for the kids (this time I bought something to go). And then I started the conversation. I asked her name. She gave me hers, and I gave her mine.
Last December, the International Court of Justice, ICJ, ruled that Greece had breached an interim deal brokered by the UN in 1995 when it blocked Macedonia’s attempt to join NATO.
In light.
I know that most people, like myself, don't spend a lot of time on a blog's Links column but I thought I'd note a few changes in the Links column to the right that in two cases mark recognitions, in one a transition and in another mark the link as something that I put up a few months back but that I'd like to make further mention as being a worthwhile blog to visit.
VIVIENNE: “A room without books is like a body without a soul.” –Gilbert K. Chesterton
1. You must be sent by someone else.
“So….I don’t have an actual suspect to pursue…..so how the hell am I supposed to kill something if I don’t know what I am looking for???”
I don’t watch much television: Dr Who, the news, Being Human and Have I got News For You. I rarely sit around twiddling my thumbs. My job has reduced to four days a week which is meant to help but in reality, I’ll be spending a lot of time promoting Mortlock. I have to admit that my family are very understanding and cover domestic roles for me a lot of the time. I don’t do all of the things all the time either so at the moment, I’m ramping up the running again and easing off the writing for a little bit… A Bloomsbury Time Turner helps too…
And it hit me.
The Europeans markets were nearly all higher for a gain of 1.0%. Not one of the seven indices we track are in confirmed uptrends.
Goblin Spearmen. Goblin Infantry - S 15cm – F d4 – D d6 – A 1 – M d4 – W 5 – P 3 – Special: Spears
If you want to listen to an online radio station that not only plays exactly what artist, song or genre you told it to play, for several years there has only been one viable option: Pandora. But now, its biggest rivals in the online radio space are working on apps that will provide similarly customized listening experiences. They will also create a nice healthy competition for our ears.
So I am wondering what is going on with my body. I got 7 hours of sleep Thursday night, and then slept through my alarm clock in the morning. Woke up just in time to throw on clothes and get to my internship only a few minutes late. I was exhausted by the time I got home from the internship though. I slept from 1:30 to 5:30, and woke up still tired. I stayed up til 10:30 PM... and then went back to sleep.
“Running out of Time”- clock faces, etc. or “Running out of Thyme” and dress like cooks, aprons.
It was maybe silly, but you spent hours thinking about it. And hours thinking about names. Writing them down. Trying different spellings. Realizing that Atticus Scott Stewart had an unfortunate acronym.
At first, I had no idea what to write about. I didn’t like writing about myself. It took me three different word documents before I finally got something that I am satisfied with. I even got a couple of professors and a few of friends to look over my speech, and I have a couple more people that I would like to look over my speech as well.
I heard this song today for the first time and wow, it is exactly me and probably you too and really hits the spot on what reason I have for this blog. Hope you enjoy.
“EH! YOU! WHAT YOU DO?! HA HA HA HA! FUCKIN’ PUTANO!”
Nineteen years ago, almost to the day, we lost three astronauts in a terrible accident on the ground. But, we’ve never lost an astronaut in flight; we’ve never had a tragedy like this. And perhaps we’ve forgotten the courage it took for the crew of the shuttle; but they, the Challenger Seven, were aware of the dangers, but overcame them and did their jobs brilliantly. We mourn seven heroes: Michael Smith, Dick Scobee, Judith Resnik, Ronald McNair, Ellison Onizuka, Gregory Jarvis, and Christa McAuliffe. We mourn their loss as a nation together.
3/19/2012
The leaves have started to fall on the deck; I was hoping I would have rented out this place before that happened. What a Karen Carpenter moment, the drama, the symbolism. I wanted a neat ending with my lovely Victorian dream. I wanted to leave it in the summer, to leave while the flowers still breezed, swayed and shone crimson through orange to agapanthus blue, with hints of lavender lingering. But no for almost twenty four hours torrid rain fell and cold winds blew and the leaves began to fall. I pictured I would hand over my flat to the prospective tenants, professionals, wrapped in a Cath Kidson type glove, they would imagine I was going off on some mid life adventure, teaching in Mumbai or Kenya. Climbing in the Andes, rafting in the American west and somehow the Cath Kidson glove would allow me to walk away from this dream into another under a veil of romance. The truth, which hurts, is far bleaker. I need to let my flat to save some money for gender reassignment surgery. I am not sure if even doing this will amount to enough. I may have to do one nipple at a time, an inch of electrolysis, a simple line drawing of a vagina. A quick calculation reveals that to have my whole face cleared of hair will cost me a couple of thousand and I am not that hairy, seriously I am not. There is a connection between my leaves and the stubble on my face, I’m sure. Or maybe that’s too neat. I have a lot of work to do how ever you dress it up and autumn is the time when the work starts, in the garden, around the house, paintwork, stubble, saving. I cannot say I have ever liked or enjoyed the autumn months and apart from Christmas day I can do without winter. Cold slushy dim days and long dark inky nights only make me desperate for the suns warmth and flowers. Tulips aside when May arrives I smile again and like a lizard defrost on a warm rock. Then plant seeds and small plants, dahlias, grasses, things that whistle in the breeze, flowers that smell of far off places and sweet perfumes I have yet to find. If the summer is all about longings is the cold dark autumn and winter about acceptance. Should I embrace the falling leaves, sweep and collect them with joy, love and contentment? I have to accept messy, unclear transitions; the space between autumn and summer; winter and spring.
Here's how I'll be enjoying my fresh basil, mint, and parsley all year long.
“I don’t know, but I’m leaving before that flying rat wakes up!”
Now I'm looking forward to a Home Show in a couple of weeks! Has anyone else been to any home/garden shows lately? Is it weird that they charge the people to get into these things? I've heard that in other parts of the U.S. the vendors pay for this.
"I hear Councilman Smith makes lots of profits, that's for sure."
Some day I hope I will find forgiveness in my heart, even though I will never forget. In the meantime, I am learning to lean on my friends for support. Having wonderful friends helps a lot, but I have to learn to handle things on my own and support myself. So to my wonderful friends, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your continued support as I learn to stand on my own two feet.
If you do not have an emergency fund to be your safeguard in this recession, please start one. It is better to have something as a buffer than nothing. It means if you are ill, or your partner is ill, or your washing machine dies, or your car just suddenly stops, you have a stash to cover the problem. Even worse – what if you are ill for several months, or you lose your job?
The event was rather overwhelming. This was the largest show I had ever been to, and the largest I am likely to attend for the near future. It also wound up being my most successful show, both at the show itself and for getting several gigs after the show. All in all, it was very much worth my time going and I'm already discussing plans to attend again next year with other artists.
I began this morning with some probiotics and a 1/2 cup of water. I waited half and hour and then had a cup of chicken broth. I had a simple soup of 1/2 a red onion and 2 green pieces from a leek sauteed in a tsp of coconut oil. I added boiled chicken and 2 cups of broth.
Over the holidays, I went through my huge collection of scarves. There are quite a few I’ve never worn, or haven’t worn in years. This paisley scarf has been collecting dust since 2002, when I wore it as Perkins in Annie. It is itchy, so I don’t wear it around my neck, and it is square, so it makes a fat belt that is difficult to thread through belt loops. However, one of my New Year’s resolutions is to either wear my scarf collection, or get rid of it. I think the colors in this scarf look great with these pants, and the thickness is not an issue when I don’t have to deal with belt loops. Goodwill isn’t getting this one!
I did four miles this morning taking the route I hated, but it has a great view. I didn’t go the whole route, so it wasn’t too bad. On Thursday I did 3 miles going the same way, but turning around before it got all noisy! The reason I keep going this way is that it has a hill! Hills are a little hard to come by here in the Tidewater region, however, I know Cincy is all about ‘em so I gots to keep the endurance up!
In this particular film, the threat in question is no longer hanging, it has fallen on the relationship's head in the worst possible way. After a bunch of nuclear warheads go off during an unnamed armed conflict (let's call it: World War 4: The Quickening), the surviving humans discover that they can no longer produce offspring at the rate they're accustomed to. Their frog revivals, on the other hand, have developed the ability to walk and talk. Unsure of what to do with these upright amphibians, the humans do what they always do with things, people, and frogs they don't understand, they put them on a reservation, which, of course, is called "Frogtown."
Volley’d & thunder’d;
My youngest is so excited (and so am I!) that his EA has invited us to go to meet the goats at her farm this coming weekend. It's been a few weeks of waiting, but the time is drawing closer and we're praying for good weather on Saturday. Although it's not my week to design for My Craft Spot, a fitting "Thank You" card for my son's EA meets the "On the Farm" challenge, so I decided to create something to have my card ready to go! Also, I'll be away for most of the week at the Provincial CICE Conference so I won't have much time to craft (especially as I'm one of the speakers at the conference so will be going over my notes beforehand too!).
He’s right, with regards to what I would want the end result to be. I wouldn’t risk going through a major operation unless I would feel more confident afterwards. Right now, I don’t feel comfortable without my shirt on, so if an operation doesn’t change that, than what’s the point?
Part 2 is typically where you introduce the conflict, the major one at least. Remember you are not highlighting plot points. This is where you want to introduce the same conflict that got your story going in the first place. Do NOT reveal the resolution to the conflict. Why read if you already know how it ends? Have you ever watched a movie trailer, thought it was great and went to see the movie? Only when you saw the movie you realized all the best stuff was in the trailer. You felt a bit disappointed with the movie, didn’t you? Use some good stuff, but save the best stuff for the book.
from trees above our heads.
All things come into the open when Chizuru and Ayane confront Ume about her plans and the girl finally reveals the truth behind her plan. Defeated and humiliated, Ume finds herself confessing to Sawako who just can’t believe the girl was capable of such a horrible and selfish plan. It is through her tears that Ume explains why she had fallen in love with Kazehaya and – in a strange way – they both share the same reason why they are so attracted to him. Oh yeah, Sawako not only loses a friend but gains a rival.
Not sure about the spelling of that B word and yes, this post couldn't be more self-congratulatory, but being here after 7 years this month, is pretty cool.
Not enough chorizo and black pudding for us, so they brought more. After all that Roger said “anyone fancy pudding” “but we still have the cake” we all said. Roger had made the cake himself and Mirta had iced it, so it was going to be a treat.
Today I don't have a card to share but I wanted to show you want I have been busy with. My very good friend is expecting a baby any day now and I am in charge of decorating, this is my first baby shower where I am not just a guest. I tried to think of all things handmade and this is what I came up with:
“Oh, believe me, I would if I could.” I looked around at the other patrons in the coffee shop and lowered my voice. “She’s vegan. Not terribly compatible with my tastes.”
"Good. The Stable Rods?"
Oh, but will personality trump common sense yet again? So far a single mantra has worked for conservative ostriches to keep them allied with monsters -- "Yes, my side has gone nuts, but Democrats are just as bad or worse!" Will that crazy, fact-free chant finally fall apart? Indeed, maybe those millions will start to remember adults like Buckley and Goldwater and finally decide -- after November's trouncing -- to stand up and retake their movement. Reforging an adult conservatism that America needs, for balance.
I am currently in the process of transitioning from aluminum GI magazines for the M4s to Magpul PMags. It's been a struggle to convince myself. While I've heard very few negative reports from the field about PMags, and lots of positive reports, I still remember the old days of testing polymer mags and them being total pieces of shit. Now that I've got several months of running the PMags, in both winter and spring conditions here in the mountains, I'm starting to trust them thoroughly. While I've still got no issues whatsoever with GI mags, the PMags have won me over finally. All my GI mags will end up stored away or placed in caches in the area, as well as any stockpiled PMags, after I've replaced all my basic load magazines. Take it for what it's worth.
DRESS: wear comfortable shoes and elastic pants (just kidding)
I don’t think I can ever be as good as the Belizean artists I saw while I was visiting. They have such a great understanding of color…it is absolutely fascinating. I HOPE that some day I can come close to doing what they do….but it will definitely take lots and lots of practice. The way they mix colors and their color choices are truly something only a fantastic painter can master. I’ve tried this technique a few times before and, unfortunately for me, it never goes well.
Today we went to the river bed and worked pretty hard. She was walking and galloping uphill, backing up hill, and leg yielding up & down hill. We also worked on canter to walk going down hill. That was on a gradual grade, not anything ridiculously steep for obvious reasons. We did trot/halt down hill too. We also did leg yields while trotting uphill. We found a big u shaped spot with an up and downhill to canter too. It worked great that she had to sprint up hill then rebalance and canter downhill. And THAT is what you call a conditioning workout. A lot of strength building today.
The ganache makes extra (enough to layer a 9" cake) and the icing makes enough extra to ice said cake. On top of the 24 cupcakes.
1 obstacles
When the battery won’t someone must.
I’ve said before that a writer’s natural response to life is to write about it. It’s also their natural response to death it appears. Shadow Child was not Pieter Thomése’s first book. He had written five before it and he has written five more since finishing it. It differs from the others in that the child, Isa, was his. And his wife’s, of course, but this is not so much about her or even about them as a couple coping with the death of a child; it is about a writer’s attempt to preserve his baby daughter in words. When Paul Auster’s father died he did exactly the same, he sat down and penned the memoir Portrait of an Invisible Man in which he writes:
Suite Action of Zack & CodThe Suite Action Of Zack And Cody: Tipton Trouble
I did this in my map journal where I only use red, white and black.....I also try and keep some of the map showing................I actually find working in this journal quite hard! In my "normal" journals if I do something I don't like or it doesn't work out I can just paint or gesso over it.....in this one as I want to keep the map showing this is not so easy!
“That’s correct. You may get pressure test recordings, but because you’re leaking pressure, they are not reliable,” Bea explained.
On a positive note one could say that it was surprising to see that many people oppose fascism, islamophobia, racism, and similar marvels of humanity which the European Right is known to propagate; and that was about everything positive that can be said about the broad popular gathering with vague to empty paroles, messages and demands.
d) Find out how you can help (any and all help is greatly appreciated - no task is too small)
Every Spring the excitement builds in the office, until that last week of April, and the first Saturday of May when the “greatest two minutes in sports” occurs and another superstar is crowned. I’m talking about the Kentucky Derby and Thoroughbred racing.
If you want to know how I got my image to sit outside by Die Cut, I have a Video Tutorial which you can find either by clicking the link in my sidebar or the Video Tutorials tab at the top of my blog.
Planet - The character gains a specialist hireling follower profient in a trade, willing to work for them.
I haven’t weighed in this week; and don’t plan to. I’m still going to attend the meeting, in fact, I need to be getting ready right about now. Between my “friend” and how I’ve eaten this week, I just don’t want to face the number on the scale. I still need to go and participate in the meeting though.
There will be new beginnings, making up for what was lost.
“I have to take yous and write yous up you know.”
Two 16-year-olds and a 13-year-old were arrested Tuesday and charged with the murder of George Leroy Baker III, of Tempe, Ariz.
All writers are, by virtue of choice, reclusive, immersed in their own fantasy world, sometimes difficult to understand (except by other writers), often remote–even monosyllabic, unless drawn into their subject. It is usually the hardest task for a novelist to emerge from her story and write a self-critique. Even worse: to write a pitch, a review, a ‘sales’ angle to her own story (see ABNA below).
2. Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The: Mark Twain
I’ll admit, it was honestly more than just the number on the tag. I am an apple shape (which in case you’re not aware is pretty much the worst thing ever, AND the most difficult thing to shop for, ugh.) So having to buy clothes to fit my lovely “apple” (aka my size 26W+ waist/stomach) they are HUGE on my everywhere else. I’ve never had particularly large hips/thighs, and I have NO ass to speak of. So I pretty much look like I’m wearing a potato sack most of the time in jeans, capris, anything really that is designed to fit a size 26W.
McCottrell starts to get Darren down, and then Jacoby comes back up. Now, he’s landing some strikes against the cage. A BIG left hand lands from Jacoby and Quinton falls flat! Looked like Quinton might have been out, but he sprang back up quickly once he hit the ground – getting back to his feet before Darren could get on top of him..
Then was the fear a little quieted
An Overview of Invicta 8926 Features
This is the end of my little rant, but tell me, is there anyone else out there that feels like this at all???
The hot button issues associated with performance reviews are money and rank. If your company allows it, separate any talk of compensation from the performance review. “But if you must, do not save the salary information for the end of the conversation,” says Grote, “otherwise there’ll be an invisible parrot above the employees’ head squawking: how much? throughout the entire discussion.” Rank is another place for potential bruised feelings. A majority of companies require managers to rate their employees — often on a scale of 1-5. Your goal is go over the data, and make a judgment call.
2 tablespoons almond flour
Passengers on this 65-meter (210-foot) submersible yacht can travel in comfort both above and below water. Its luxury berths easily hold 20 guests. The manufacturer promotes the Phoenix 1000 as a the unique “opportunity to explore the depths of the world’s oceans in perfect comfort and safety.”
One of the major benefits is its environmental friendly feature and producing less noise while processing. These copiers are also energy efficient and use energy save modes. The machines are able to power down if are unused for some time. These modern technology copiers are manufactured using more environmental conscious processes as compared to the old and traditional copiers. These copiers also require fewer repairs and less maintenance.
The world has lost one of the loveliest doggie souls today, my grand dog, Nina “Bean.” Nina had a real “dog’s life” until my daughter and son-in-law adopted her about a year and a half ago. She spent the first four years of her life as a “bait dog.” Baiting or dog baiting most commonly refers to the act of setting game dogs against a chained or confined animal for sport. It’s a cruel and vicious blood sport.
Creative Collaborative Space Available
It brought me to tears.
How to Save a Life by The Fray & Far More by The Honorary Title are in my opinion, two of the greatest songs I have ever listened to! Their lyrics are so profound and moving, they brought tears to my eyes a few times. If they were both a story, it would be an extremely heart breaking story but a moving one.
I've decided to take some of my favorite essays from this blog and self publish my first book!!!!!!
To ensure that quality is not compromised, comprehensive Quality Control (QC) measures are put in place and enforced by independent regulators.
To be a great leader, you need to be able to extract loyalty from your followers of their own free will. On his deathbed, Augustus boasted “I found a Rome of bricks; I leave to you one of marble”.
Find out what men really mean when they say...
“The focus of the homestay programme is not merely about accommodation but also showcases Malaysia’s rich cultural heritage lifestyle in a unique and interesting manner.”
AT&T has fought its way into the Connecticut cable TV market this past year with promises of great quality and competitive pricing on its service. The legislature relaxed its regulations last year to give the newcomer a chance. But even the lighter regulatory system still included public access requirements for U-verse.
Tim Brown: 1,094 catches, 14,934 yards, 100 TDs
To back up that point, the last four winners have been guys and seven of the last 8 finalists have been guys, with Crystal being the only girl to make it to the top 2 since Jordin won in season 6.
Today is a little different for me. After a rough Monday night (my parents stayed up with me until 2am as I was so depressed and suicidal), I have finally made the decision that perhaps death is not the only option. It is an option but it seems a waste seeing as I do have stuff to live for and want to make a positive contribution to the world during my life time however long that may be.
I'll be checking in with you guys too. I have my gear all packed now and spent the day quietly making last minute preparations. Tomorrow with only a few hours of sleep if I'm lucky I'll start out on my cross-country, cross-ocean 18 hour journey. My pockets will be full of all my loved ones, (that's you) right up near my heart.
Strange how I can enjoy a novel in which not much of anything happens, at least so far. About the most dramatic plot development is that someone's pet iguana died. Other than that, it's mostly a character study in which a 400-pound sociology professor decides to interview a twentysomething homeless sex-offender -- who is still a virgin. They become friends. Opposites attract. And their stories about how they got to be who they are have me hitting the old page-refresh button. It's Lost Memory of Skin by Russell Banks, if you're curious.
So I hope you can find some way to be thankful,
Honey has few nutrients, so use no more than a teaspoon. Vanilla extract will add flavour without adding calories.
Seriously sporting a belly, despite having lost a couple of kilos over the last couple of weeks. It’s not baby, I’m not going to be obnoxious enough to even suggest that. But the belly! Oh my! My I-lost-20-kg fat pants are painfully tight, and my belly has lost a lot of its squishiness. What is causing it?!?
I go home and unload the groceries into the house with one trip. Then it’s time to go outside to do some yard work. The beginning of spring always means landscaping. Changing landscape also means digging stuff up. Well, if you have ever had to pull up a tree that is deeply rooted, you know exactly what I am talking about. However, this tree was actually in a planter! I was thinking I could stand on the edges of the planter and pull the tree up with its roots, making room for my tomato plant. It was NOT coming out! However, after a few strong pulls and the balancing act on the edges, it came out. Quite similar to the explosive hip extension used in rowing, cleaning, snatching, box jumps, etc. Thanks Crossfit.
From his fans we say,
Back in February I heard that Train was going to play a San Francisco-only tour consisting of six concerts in six nights at six local clubs - the Café Du Nord, the Great American Music Hall, Bimbo’s 365 Club, Slim’s, the Independent and the Fillmore. As soon as tickets went on sale I logged in and found that every show was sold out except for the April 10th show (the first night) at the Café Du Nord which was fine with me since I love that venue. It is the smallest of all of the venues Train was planning to play. I read the capacity at the Café Du Nord is around 350.
A little later we hear Peter talking to the people of Jerusalem after he and John had healed the lame man. Peter knew what it was like to have made a huge mistake in his life. He denied Jesus three times even though he had protested that he was ready to die for his Lord.
‘We got on, from the very first day
Me 1 vs Alien 0
Kim and Leti in a conference room, waiting for a meeting. We met with the Director (University President), the Dean, and a faculty member studying ways to improve women in leadership positions in Indian Universities. We also met with former students who participate in Corporate Social Responsibility Hub–a government funded office that helps state-owned companies find ways to divert funds back into the local communities. All state-owned companies are required to divert funds to local development needs. The Hub performs need assessments of the communities to help the companies make the best choices of how to spend their funds.
Technically it should be thermals! How cold is it. Brrrr. Still one cannot let a little matter of minus degree temperatures get in the way of fashion.
“She won’t tell. When I was dating Heather, I asked her numerous times. So what did she say about me?”
I've been working in a bookshop for four years now, and in that time I've had some pretty peculiar interactions with the general public. Like the lady who wanted to know exactly why a certain book "may be unsuitable for younger readers," and was furious that I couldn't give her details. Sorry, Madam, I wanted to say. I'm on a mission to read ALL THE BOOKS, but haven't got to that one yet. Or the people who wander in looking for jam-pot covers between the romance and the science fiction shelves. There are some days you find yourself wondering if, actually it's you going mad rather than everyone else around you. So it was reassuring when I found blogs chronicling other booksellers' similar experiences. I stumbled upon Jen Campbell's blog maybe a year ago, and chuckled and sighed over the strange, infuriating and hilarious stories she had to tell. Recently this has been published in book form and I chuckled and sighed once more. Weird Things is a slim, brilliantly illustrated volume, but packed full of the quirks of book-buyers... and those who just want a cuppa while they wait for a bus.
MP Carlo Sommaruga issued a series of questions today to the Swiss Parliament in Berne, concerned by the apparent involvement by Switzerland’s largest bank in such highly suspicious transactions.
At age 26, Don Mattingly had a lifetime .331 batting average. He had won an MVP, he had led the league in doubles three times, RBIs once, slugging once and total bases twice. He had won three Gold Gloves and was widely viewed as a great fielding first baseman. He had driven in 110 runs four straight years at a time when few did that. It is no wonder that people (and I'm one of those people) remember Don Mattingly with such nostalgia. He was a great baseball player.
What is more Romantic than Paris? Lee-Anne recently got back from Paris and was so inspired by the feminine style of Parisian women that she had to include a reflection of her love for the city of lights in one of the looks! A Crochet top layered over a mauve pink silk blouse definitely says romance….We can just imagine Lee wearing this little number out on the cobble-stone streets of Paris, yes, it would truly be Le Vie en Rose!
Also the new Bath and Shower Gel formula features a nourishing vitamin pack, moisturizing jojoba, refreshing lather and thicker gel. There are many benefits with using jojoba in the shower gel. Jojoba helps with healing, moisturizing and anti aging. It is also a natural antioxidant that improved skin elasticity and is gentle enough for sensitive skin.
“You want to do what?” Bruce asked.
I went to investigate. There on the floor, lying on her back, was Snuggles. She had a plastic bag with some dried something in it. She was chewing on it, tossing it in the air, rubbing herself all over the floor!
I don’t get why the female lead always has to be this tomboyish character with bad hair and no dress sense. When was the last time you saw a famous guy with someone that looked like that? But it’s kdrama so what can we do? New year, same shit, I suppose. As for chemistry, both actors are doing well in their scenes but I certainly don’t see any romantic or sexual chemistry between them. Here’s to hoping that changes as they move away from the physical comedy.
I came downstairs, without enough cash on me for the gym, so I came up with the solution of doing Zumba on the wii. Now this would have been brilliant I mean, I have a free house no embarrassment of people watching me. Can I find the Zumba disk? Of course I can’t. So a glass of apple juice and a vitamin tablet it is then.
69 22 43.69 S , 76 23 15.07 E
Disclaimer: Theatre Notes visited Perth as a guest of the Perth Festival.
The point being: while Borders may very well emerge from bankruptcy and go on to survive for years, their current store closings (numbering 200, or a little less than a third) will generate storefront vacancies. Some buildings will turn into something else entirely, but I'm betting a fair number will house independent bookstores.
program should turn your liver into a healthy, cleansing machine.
Looking at all of the beautiful pieces people are redoing with Annie Sloan Chalk Paint has inspired me.
I always want to share a ton of photos after a trip, so I've got to sort through them and figure out which ones to post. I guess the last time I was in Austin is when Kevin's youngest sister was going to UT. I have never really explored the city. It's crazy and beautiful. I can't wait to go back.
Mile 25 1/2: NOW we can make it out. He's shouting "Haole, me gonna catch you! Heeheehee!" Mo.Ther.FUCKER. No he didn't . . . he did NOT just call out two Army studs. There is no way that what little of our pride was still clinging to our shattered joints was gonna let this guy pass us.
"Okay. Um, sure. And?"
Thighs: 25 inches Thighs: 24 inches
This is just the kind of story you find in newspapers today. It leaves more questions than it answers. How fast was this car going? Was anyone in either of the cars an illegal alien? If so, were they people looking for jobs? Drug dealers? Women forced into prostitution? On one level the story is that people were killed but the essential element is whether or not someone was committing a crime. And newspapers wonder why nobody is reading them. Of course in this case, as in so many, the newspaper supports illegal immigration and has no interest in telling us the whole story.
Basically, there isn’t a really good cinema less than 1½ to 2 hours drive away. So these days we mostly wait until the DVD has come out before we see any new-ish films.
If you could take a peek inside your womb, you'd spot minute details, like tiny nails forming on fingers and toes (no more webbing) and peach-fuzz hair beginning to grow on tender skin.
Separated from his family and his friends, Pond made his way to a refugee camp, where he suspected he may have survived only to die of a broken heart.
Now that the wall is finished, I can focus on baking, cleaning, and getting my table set for Christmas Eve dinner.
- Oxidizing leather
Thou sat as land as thou hadst siller (money);
Oldereid NB, Rui H, Purvis, K. Life styles of men in barren couples and their relationship to sperm quality. International Journal of Fertility 1992; 37: 343-349.
Eric sang with the Chandler Children's Choir at the Chandler Center for the Arts last weekend. It was a storybook theme and a really enjoyable concert. He's come so far in his singing capabilities (he was awarded the "Biggest Range" at the end of year party).
October 19: Alexiis, coordinator for this evening’s Shimmyshowcase, is looking for dancers, so if you’re interested, please contact us at Shimmyshowcase@yahoogroups.com.
Preview your blog and if necessary tweak the post/sidebar background (as above) and once you're happy with the changes you're done!
February 5, 2012
Middlebrooks 3B
1) You cannot change your Warcaster or Warlock during the event.
Today I ran the longest distance I ever have in my life - I completed a 5K as a runner rather than a walker. Like a dork I sprinted at the finish line, and came in at a steller 36 min. and 40 sec. I have beat my 15 minute mile (which I was famous for in High School).
Today, I'm going into detail about how we have our diapers arranged and what makes our system work! Future posts will be on the types of diapers and how to use them, how to launder diapers, the poop factor, and other cloth diapering goodness!! Keep checking in during the month of June for the Cloth Diaper Series! Now, let's get down to business!
I’m trying to show how well-read I am,
Oct 5 – Mac’s Bar – Lansing, MI (Headlining)
For the first time, Cambodians are feeling comfortable enough to openly discuss life under the Khmer Rouge. A UN tribunal is underway. On trial four are people accused of genocide. And a new photo exhibit has opened in Phnom Penh, showing a side of life rarely seen in 1978. These pictures were the images the Khmer Rouge wanted the world to see.
Saturday morning in the small mountain kingdom was gorgeous. Blue sky as above; warm and balmy, an archetypal autumn day. Good to be alive etc.
for My strength is made perfect in weakness.’
John's Children
“Babies are such a nice way to start people.”
So far, it has spent over $3.3 million for new offices, computers and furniture, well-paid executives and staff, travel budgets, expense accounts, board meetings, and lots of pricey consultants... But in all three years the board has been in existence, the Harper government has simply capped EI rates to spare Canadian workers from potentially huge premium increases. As a result, the rate-setting agency has yet to set a single rate.
Acts 8:17 – The Apostle Peter and John placed their hands on the believers in Samaria and the Holy Spirit came upon the people of Samaria.
My plans are to apply the same kind of intense focus in my position as Chair of the Council’s Sanitation Committee. I look forward to developing a better understanding of the issues regarding sanitation throughout the City of New York, as well as working with the administration and sanitation experts to concentrate on new and innovation ideas regarding Citywide sanitation, and improving upon quality of life issues for constituents.
I didn't do much exercise last week and was feeling bad, so we walked for several miles up and down the sea fron at Llandudno. There were lots of elderley people and mobility scooters!
While there may not be exhaustive research done on the direct impact of food grown in sludge, anecdotal evidence suggests people who live near farm fields fertilized with sludge have gotten ill, as have their animals, Reilly said.
“This is outrageous. I’m going to have to leave him here. I’ll record you’re refusing to help.”
Davies is interesting because while he is quite well known as a sculptor he is nowhere near as public a figure as Francis Bacon was. Sir Robert Sainsbury (1906-2000) must have picked up his work before Davies even in his thirties, and his work lives most intensely here in the early Norman Foster building.
Pour strained liquid into a small ice cream freezer or sorbet maker and freeze. Serve as soon as sorbet is fully frozen, or pack in ice or the freezer for an hour.
It was a long while later before she regained her composure. In some measure she wasn’t sure she would ever completely recover after that kiss.
11. The increasingly crowded arena for market space and consumer attention.
(Always, always vet the source for information like this. Make sure that the individual or group compiling it is qualified to do so. One of the things that's never in short supply on the Internet is bad or outdated or incomplete information put together by people who know even less than you do.)
The second year, which was last year,
Remember Mr Gilfords property boundary ( in red ) was only 60 metres away from the glyphs site and he lived there for over 25 years.
Sound And Fury w/ Airbourne:
I'm glad that we have access to any toilet around so that we don't have to pee in the street, (not me, some guy I saw).
There was some light hearted debate in the dressing room after game about who was at fault for Durley's goal. It came as a result of their right-back running unopposed down the slight slope for a distance of fifty or so yards, before slipping a perfectly weighted ball into the path of a Durley striker, who tucked it neatly inside Ryan Jones' right hand post. What hair the right-back had left was grey. If I were to hazard a conservative guess at his age I would say he is between 48 and 52 , but on the evidence seen this afternoon, still more than capable of outpacing either Marc Judd or Kristian Hewitt on the wing. Although it's worth noting that by this stage Durley had thrown whatever strategy they had arrived with in the waste paper basket, throwing men forward in order to try and get back into the game. By doing so they left plenty of space for us to exploit. It was perhaps of lack of match practice that prevented us from adding to our tally of three goals.
The first day of taping arrived, and we were picked up from our hotel in a limo, and taken to the television studio, where we were put in a little sitting room. My parents and my brother went through makeup, and my siblings and I were escorted out to the audience to watch the show. They paraded several families in front of the talk show host, each with an out of control teenager, who would come on stage fully pumped and ready to argue. The producers sat backstage with the kids before they went on, and told them to be angry, and to tell their parents how they really felt, and to really let it all go.
Then find your and.
in the performing arts hall ..
With a slotted spatula, turn all the ambodes after 30/40 seconds. Keep turning them every 30 seconds until both the sides are brown in color.
"That mother should be in time out forever."
Jeanette Brox (Ruth) does a wonderful job as the more mousey of the three. However, she speaks always in a whisper and I had to turn the sound up to hear her, and she looks like someone squished Renee Zelweiger down and taught her to act. Brox has mostly TV credits to her name with just a few feature films, but is easily the best in this group and the pivot around which the other characters revolve. Incidentally, Brox won the Los Angeles IFP/West Film Festival award for Outstanding Performance in this film.
If you saw their office, you would understand the decorations. Beautiful tropical fish tanks and a large collection of shark accessories!!
anyhooo, our summer vacation is drawing to an end
Y’see, this little Voltaire out there on its grassy knoll in the windswept prairie reckons this (new) level of intrusive advertising is completely counter-productive. And, it ain’t the way forward for this medium.
Now, can someone recommend me a place for good paella in Singapore?
But what is she doing here? She plays a scientist with no motivation, a love object lacking soul or even lust. She has no interesting subplots or asides. She has no quirks, not even the old canard of atheistic scientist living out a reductive unhappy philosophy. She has no feats of bravery, nothing but lackluster lines like, “I made most of this equipment myself!” She isn’t driven. She isn’t mentally ill. She isn’t, well, anything. She’s wrong for the role. She doesn’t look the part and the movie doesn’t even try to convince you. (It’s cheesy, but couldn’t they have ponied up for some glasses or a labcoat? A clipboard? Buckteeth?)
Narnia has got to be pretty much the ultimate escapism. It’s definitely right up there with Harry Potter in terms of amazing things you’d really like to be true, and aside from references to obscure items of clothing and foods nobody eats anymore, it’s amazing how little the Chronicles of Narnia have dated. Considering they were published well over 50 years ago, the themes
Wait...so "Cinqo de Mayo" doesn't mean that you should drink five different types of alcohols all in one evening?
The NESARA law requires that at least once a year, an effort be made to announce the law to the public. Three current US Supreme Court judges control the committee in charge of NESARA’s announcement. These Judges have used their overall authority to secretly sabotage NESARA’s announcement.
I wanted a mare that looked like an older mustang mare that has had her share of foals...a bit swaybacked, belly showing the wear of having babies, udder full and and sagging....you know, how I feel after 29 plus a few cough cough years! Her cracked hoof raised and ready to lay down the law. Shaggy legs not perfect but tough as nails, and will always stand up for what she wants.
I began with these new papers from Basic Grey's Out of Print line, and decided that this chica with attitude would be the perfect companion for them, She and I have a lot of fun chatting. What.....you don't talk to your stamps? Mine talk back too! Enjoy!!
Every kiss could last. Traveling would be a breeze.
p.s. That's our buddy Dan Iead on pedal steel, whom you might've seen playing on the tour we just finished while Jared was in the studio making our next record for us. Also congratulations to The Fling, Emily Sills, and Reed and Stacy from Dangerbird for getting their faces on TV. I'm sure their respective families are proud.
Besides the idea, the thing that keeps me fueled when I am creating is MUSIC! Here’s a list of just some tunes I played while working: Adele “Hometown Glory”/ Amel Larrieux “Weary”/ Dwele “Let Your hair Down”/ The Fugees “Fu Gee La”/ Gnarls Barkley “Run (I’m a Natural Disaster)”/ James Brown “Doing it to Death”/ John Legend “Heaven”/ Justin Timberlake “LoveStoned”/ Lauryn Hill “Everything is Everything”/ Massive Attack “Angel” (Youtube video BELOW), “Bullet Boy” & “Inertia Creeps”/ Mos Def “History” (with Talib Kweli),“Casa Bey” & “Umi”/ Run DMC “Run‘s House”, “Jam-Master Jay” & “You Be Illin”/ Saint Germain “Rose Rouge” & “Sure Thing”/ Santogold “L.E.S Artistes” & “I’m a Lady” (with Trouble Andrew). Go buy or download! Maybe if I were not a visual artist, I would dabble in the musical arts…
Drawing inspiration from both the Oz books written by L. Frank Baum and the film starring Judy Garland, Maguire weaves a dark and intriguing tale that follows the life of Elphaba. Elphaba, who’s name is derived from the initials of L. Frank Baum, was born with green skin and sharp teeth. When she goes to school at Shiz University she is assigned to be roommates with the rich and popular Galinda. In spite of a rough start, Elphaba is able to make some friends, but she also becomes embroiled in the fierce political debate over Animal rights. It is this political activism that makes her an enemy of the Wizard and leads to her eventual demise.
Salsa burgers:
New Yorker captions are due by midnight. See the cartoon below.
And now onto today's ramblings...
Promotes comfort & security
That’s pretty damn furry.
Bunny Zoe's have kindly donated a £10 voucher to this weeks winner!!!
and it just scares me. what the world is coming to. it scares me to think what the world will be like in 10 or 20 years. what will my baby girls think of as 'normal'? because someone walking in to your yard and taking what is yours...from your car or your home...is definitely not what i think should be considered normal. but everytime we tell what happened to us we hear even more stories....
fat people should be mocked, not coddled.
and kindness
4) Today is Wednesday, or day 4 without Globo on our TV. Somehow. (And I KNOW we are not the only cheapskates in town with no cable who watch novelas and soccer games). I casually mentioned this at the office of the municipal department where I do my work. This is more or less how the conversation went down:
The logistics of the Dearborn Intermodal Passenger Rail Station project appear to be well thought-out and the project has significant support from key regional players. Below is information about the project via the official press release:
I am excited to be moving on with my life, even with many unknowns ahead of me. As I have started packing, I realized that the reason this move is less daunting than it might have been has to do with an old Word of the Week: FAMILY. I know that I have the support of Mom and Granddad, even though they’ll remain here. Distance doesn’t matter. This place will always be home, too. More than this, I am not moving on in a vacuum. I will be sharing a home with my dearest friends, Drew and John. That makes a new place home even before I get there.
The British adventure in Asia and Africa is the stuff of novels and films, romantic and exotic. But, Americans never truly went in for living among the natives and staying for the long term. The American way has almost always been to look for quick money and then move on.
But I've been to war
So maybe it is a form of dependence. But so what if it is? It’s kept me young, kept me going all these years.
It’s horrible for anyone to be struck with cancer, but it seemed particularly heinous for someone under the age of 40. The weight of that cruel reality hit me one day while I was in the shower. Without the cover of my granny-bras or my baggy t-shirts, my breasts were there, just staring up at me… well, I guess they were staring more towards the floor…. but let’s not get technical when I’m trying to be sentimental. As I stared back at them, it was as if I was seeing them for the first time. And a genuine feeling of gratitude washed over me.
slides
If you don't believe me, listen to this: we've had Kraft Mac N' Cheese, Maggi 2 Minute Noodles and Old El Paso Tacos on rotation.
My aim is to post in detail on all of the above topics in the coming weeks. Also, I intend to look at all the other countries of the European Union in the same kind of way.
" I am not!"
Make masks of the flower and balloon to allow for stamping large bouquets.
In the wee hours of the morning on Harry’s thirteenth birthday, he gets a bunch of deliveries and letters from wizardly owls, even though he didn’t send his own owl, Hedwig, out with any letters. The Weasley family won a bunch of gold in a Wizard’s lottery, and went off to visit Ron’s big brother Bill in Egypt. Ron sent Harry a pocket Sneakoscope which can tell him if someone around is untrustworthy. Hermione’s on holiday too, in France, and sent him a broomstick care kit for his Quidditch broom. Hagrid sent him a ‘Book of Monsters’ (which acts like a living monster itself,)
It's an understandable reaction to inner city life but it's a hideous way to feel. And it gets us nowhere. It's a dead end.
thought Gérard was humming to himself, perhaps a creole lullaby? He looked up
I went a little die-cut crazy on this one. And punch-drunk. First, I have to say that the color scheme on this card was inspired by a phone conversation the other night with my oldest daughter, who told me she’s decorating her home office/guest room in grey and yellow with a splash of aqua. It started my wheels spinning…
March, 2006: AVT presented at Brooklyn Public Library main branch, in two part program featuring Brooklyn-based new vaudevillians such as Bindlestiff Family Cirkus, bearded lady Jennifer Miller of Circus Amok, et al
It is tempting to see this article as part of an organized campaign to get rid of troublesome dissidents who are critical of Multiculturalism, Islam and mass immigration. The political establishment loves dissidents, but only if they live far away in places like Burma or Tibet. It’s a very different story if they come from their own country.
This is where Hong Kong comes into play. I was born in Hong Kong but raised in San Diego, California. I’ve always wanted to live in Hong Kong for an extended period of time–as opposed to visiting for 1-2 weeks–to really get to know the region. I put Hong Kong and teaching together and came up with the perfect solution to my dilemma. Here’s a list of three reasons why I’m planning to move abroad to Hong Kong to teach English in 2012:
~Have fun~
1. Don’t attend a meeting alone – Unless highly confidential, meetings are great opportunities for team members to gain insight into how decisions are made, problems solved, and ideas uncovered.
This concerto is all about messing with expectations. It starts with a very neat, very symmetrical pattern (a major second followed by a descending arpeggio, two intervals that could just as easily signal the end of a piece), which sets up both the key of the piece and a sense of balance. This is a fun but very reserved party, probably for a modest Venetian aristocrat, or a fundraiser for the DC crowd:
The libraries said the digitized collections will centre on three subject areas: Greek manuscripts, 15th-century printed books and Hebrew manuscripts and early printed books.The areas have been chosen for the strength of the collections in both libraries and their importance for scholarship in their respective fields.With approximately two-thirds of the material coming from the BAV and the remainder from the Bodleian, the digitization effort will also benefit scholars by uniting virtually materials that have been dispersed between the collections for centuries.
cheap so I thought I'd give
“I wish I knew what happened! Judging by the reviews they garnered on both sides of the Atlantic both Demon and Shadow should have done very well, but in fact sales of both have been patchy at best. But in reality nobody knows what makes one book succeed commercially and another fail. I suspect that if there is any one explanation it is perhaps that the setting of my stories is too strange for many readers, and that what I thought of as one of their strengths - the absence of any modern Western perspective - was actually seen by many potential readers as a turn-off. “
Remember the days of school during the winter? Remember waking every morning hoping that it had snowed so much you wouldn't be able to go school because it had been canceled? Remember gluing your eyes to the television, or your ear to the radio, hoping to hear that your public school district was involved in the school closings along with all the private schools? Then, you end up disappointed, because you know those school buses are almost as reliable as the U.S. mail!
thinking she's by his side... only to finally realize he's not at home... that he's in France, and she's at
The Gradient Problem: Should we grade attempts in terms of their seriousness, and punish them in accordance with their location on the gradient?
In the following decade, Hungarian-born scientist Hans Selye, MD, pioneered the field of stress research by describing how the wear-and-tear of constant stress could affect us biologically.
That’s not what I saw, however, when I took an admittedly cursory look at politics in Mali several years ago, while making data for a research project on transitions to and from democracy. At the time, I saw legislative elections in early 1997 that had been plagued by serious flaws, and many of the accounts I read implicated members of the leading Alliance for Democracy in Mali (ADEMA) party in the discovered instances of electoral misconduct. Under an agreement between the incumbent president Alfred Konare and several opposition leaders, the Constitutional Court annulled the results later that month, but the court refused to reschedule the presidential contest, and Konare cruised to re-election with nearly 96 percent of the vote when the opposition boycotted. Meanwhile, Amnesty International reported that dozens of members and supporters of the opposition had been arrested ahead of the elections, and some were allegedly tortured. When legislative elections were re-run later in 1997, Konare’s allies won a large majority of seats, effectively consolidating the ruling party’s grip on power by questionable means.
I couldn’t see her face from my car.
it has been a little crazy around here these past weeks, the heatwave, shed distractions, another birthday, lots of lego, lego cake....(pressure!) lego party (more pressure!).......school decisions...(even more pressure!)
He added that “there’s something to be said for an entity which is owned by people who don’t look like everybody else. … I want my grandchildren to tell their children about what we did at Black Enterprise and how we brought people together at conferences, and how our Women of Power conference, which we have every year, is probably one of our most dynamic. You know, black and white women, when they decide to do something, they get on with it.”
All else erased
add 1 bag of spinach and cook until wilts
Length: 1:07:57
EMPLOYEE: (laughs nervously) yeah, not that it did anything. You weren’t …they weren’t right on the inside. Time went wrong…you ended up smashing ‘em anyway, because it didn’t like them.
Such are Rites of Passage in Life… anytime a Person experiences a REAL Rite of Passage, he or she will never be the same again and never be able to go back no matter how much they desire it…
Me, being an extremely smart cookie, decided that because the iPod I had purchase Callum hadn’t been opened and I still had the receipt taped to the box that I would take it back. I could get a refunded and go buy the new iPod, saving myself $10 and the boy would have a extra gig of music.
1.The licensor and licensee may be seeking additional revenues for exploitation of the licensed intellectual property rights. What better way to do so than to share in sublicence royalties.
A terrifying gang assault on Sydney train passengers has left two international students seriously injured and caused a media storm in China.
Alright, so assuming they double the 5,000 in the parent generation would beget 10,000 individuals in the first generation of offspring. But let's not forget, that the advantage that allowed them to survive can be passed on genetically. So ALL of the new 10,000 are also able to survive Roundup.
- Maze Runner, by James Dashner
To make this card I have used two papers from a My Big Ideas & Me paper pack, a Memory Box corner die, Spellbinders Nestabilites, a Martha Stewart edge punch, black satin ribbon, an image from Teddy Bo, buttons and two of my hand made stick pins.
understood in Western institutionalized settings and circles (museums,
- Our thoughts affect everything we do.
For toys strewn on the floor.
It was originally $99.97 It was marked down to $77.00 and I was sold. When I went to check out, I noticed the price in the cart was actually $49.99. I was so excited!
Inside the place is really quite large with lots of room for expansion (it's certainly bigger than Loch Lomond Brewery & Angus Ales where I've been to recently). The brewing kit is all brand new stainless steel, with a mash tun, fermenting vessels, and conditioning tanks taking up one corner of the premises. The cold store is just being built, with the filled casks of beer quite happy to settle at the current ambient temperature this springtime and there is also a teensy pilot plant for some experimental brews.
1. Distrust Yourself
I'd say that we now resume to regular programming, but I don't think we are really sure what that is yet. However, we will be back in the future with more fashion in one shape or form.
A man, who has a friend, Kamza, and an enemy, Bar Kamza, decides to hold a banquet, and wishes to invite his friend, Kamza. His servants misunderstands and thinks that he asks for Bar Kamza, and brings him instead. When the man hosting the banquet sees Bar Kamza, he wonders why his enemy is there. In order to mock him maybe? He then tells him to leave, something Bar Kamza attempts to convince him is not needed, first by stating that he will pay for his meal, then for half the banquet, and then for all the banquet, but the man hosting the banquet is adamant.
Go back to that directory on your hard drive, and you'll notice a whole bunch of subdirectories:
19. Let Me Kiss You (Quarry)
I came away from this book really disliking Levi’s community. Severely limiting contact with the Englisch community is one thing, but these people were rude to members of other Amish groups. Several times the bishop insulted Grace and Levi’s Old Order aunt, both of whom were selflessly assisting Levi’s family. With the way the community was portrayed, it is no wonder that Levi was contemplating leaving. On the other hand, I adored Grace’s grandmother and how she loved Levi’s family regardless of the differences between them. What we see in this novel is uncommon grace versus demanding legalism; thankfully, the lesson is that grace will always win out.
It’s not made aesthetic.
Ether’s long bankless streams,
for looking at the art of craft, and looking again.
No one really knows — but when this does happen, it will be one of the single greatest moments in human history.
We must put the things of God first on our priority list. If we seek first His Kingdom and His righteousness, all our needs will be met by Him. (Matthew 6:33)
You may do one or all of the following:
Heat 1 tbsp of oil in a large skillet over medium heat until oil is shimmering. Fry half the patties until both sides are brown. This will take about 10 minutes. Repeat with the remaining patties. Serve warm on a toasted bun with desired toppings. Make sure you try the special sauce below.
except some speed warbles in source recording.)
For several years, I have played for two services at Centenary United Methodist Church on Christmas Eve. It's become a part of my own tradition and it wouldn't feel like Christmas without playing there.
I originally took this video to document why I needed the new box. As I continued to watch it, I could not help but wonder what was going on. Did the child really know that the bowl was not full? Or was he telling me that he was not done filling the bowl? Those are two very different operations, both of which are valid. If he was filling the bowl, then he didn't understand the concept---or his understanding included the pile getting bigger as he added to the bowl. If he was not done filling the bowl, then he is wrapped up in the actions of scooping and pouring.
I'm feeling more on top of things at home now and less bogged down in mess and clutter, which has been great for my mood and is making it an easier space to use and live in. I still have a growing list of things I want to achieve, but I have all year to slowly plough my way through. Next on the list is wardrobes. I'll be culling clothes from our wardrobe as well as Josh's. I did Zoe's wardrobe a few weeks ago, and I feel like I know what is in there now! Clothes don't get hidden and I can see everything that she has available to wear, and I know it all fits too! Can't wait to do that for my room.
drink the good things
13) Fill the bathtub. Put toys in it. Splash the water all over the floor. Open and empty an expensive bottle of shampoo. Clean it all up while singing show tunes.
"Gary, that all sounds super fab. I feel special to be part of an exclusive club. I've never been part of a club like this one, and just think... maybe one day it'll be so prestigious that people will want to be part of it, but they'll have to show that they are fun enough to be part of our club. Like a sorority/fraternity minus (some) of the nudity, hell week, and having to get bailed out of jail by your Dad for dancing nekkid on the quad covered in peanut butter. ;) *giggle* "
“I had absolutely no authority over Brendan Smyth. Even my Bishop had limited authority over him. The only people who had authority within the Church to stop Brendan Smyth from having contact with children were his Abbot in the Monastery in Kilnacrott and his Religious Superiors in the Norbertine Order.
The case was heard before the magistrate’s court in Simunjan on Feb 16, 2011.
The movie was exceptionally fun and even though there were very dark and exciting moments, it was also a very realistic portrayal of just being a bored teenager and needing a way to channel all your excess emotions into something new and different. I really liked the actor that played Andrew, Dane DeHaan, who kind of resembles a perpetually stoned and sickly looking Leonardo Dicaprio circa Gilbert Grape.
6. What deals or promos are going on right now? May is an awesome month to host a show. With hosting you are able to earn Free products of your choice, half-price and discounted products, 10% discount for a year and FREE shipping on your order. May is Happy Hour month! We have frosted dots stemware, beverage glasses and more! As a host, you can get a Family-Size Quick-Stir® Pitcher for $9, which is also one of the many specials where proceeds will go to Help Whip Cancer®.
No deal.
While everybody else,
And then the little man says
honeyed oats and a bridle of gold -
Last week I lost one of my best friends...my mentors...my hero...my Papa. I really have been dreading posting this or talking about it. So I will keep it brief and short...For over a year and half my Papa had been fighting to live after a massive stroke. Through his struggle he managed to keep his humor and inspire so many. He is why I push harder and set goals beyond what I ever imagined. Papa was the last grandparent I had, and the first I ever met. Living across the street, my sister and my cousins and I were there everyday. He taught me to always do the right thing and feed your mind...The service was beautiful...so many stories and so many friends and family who have come to be with us during Shivah (time of mourning)
Anyway, I’m back in the world of hitting the homework, rocking the readings, and mentally high-fiving my former 16 year old self whenever there’s a class spent doing nothing but watching a movie. No one ever said learning was easy.
First of all, I’m going to try not to dwell on the crazy letters in his name, but…yeah. Look, dude, you’re really overestimating how hard I’m willing to work to contact you in-game or send you a guild invite. If I can’t just fucking TYPE your name, then the odds of me sending you a whisper or an invite or whatever drops way, way down. I don’t speak alt-code.
I was about to work on my Curry Crab with Prawns posting when I noticed the distinct cross-like mark on the shell. Then I remembered reading in The Star about this species of crab causing a stir among Malacca Christians in Sept 2011. The photo of the crab in The Star has a cross like mark with black background on the shell. The one I have is of a lighter coloured shell, probably a close family to the Charybdisferiatus.
Ghost Protocol features all the explosions and drama that we would expect from an action movie, along with displays of our world’s technological advancements, such as: gloves that suction to glass, screens that mimic real life, pay phones that turn into IMF portals, and a BMW i8, all that aid Ethan Hunt and his team in trying to prevent a nuclear war.
I am linking this card to the following challenges:
The sale of mortgages into the trusts that pool loans may be void if banks didn’t follow strict requirements for such transfers, Biden said in a lawsuit filed last year over a national mortgage database used by banks. The requirements for transferring documents were “frequently not complied with” and likely led to the failure to properly transfer loans “on a large scale,” Biden said in the complaint.
* Xylograph (n) - a wood engraving.
Besides, quitting smoking now greatly reduces your risk of developing lung cancer. At least that’s what my pack of smokes told me.
Emerging Technology: Google Earth is a tool that lets you simulate travel in using 3D technology via desktop application, Google Maps and mobile learning.
I would then ask the DOI and DOE setting a dividing line which could be the median or the average – whichever is lower – of existing wages and our negotiating position every time a contract came for renewal would be determined by whether the wage scale open for negotiations is above or below that line. Our policy would be to bring the pay scales closer and Fact Finding would be our best tool in achieving that goal. FF would only help those unions below the line.
This week had a take on the Richard Speck murders. Little Sally got scared and ended up sleeping under the couch (imitating how the only survivor from the massacre hid under the bed). Don had the feverish dream during which he strangled to death his former lover, after sleeping with her. Personally I guessed this was all in his head the moment she turned up at his apartment and got put into the service elevator. I just didn’t get how she would know where he lived. I’m assuming the purpose of this was to get to Don’s fears. We / he know that he had plenty of affairs whilst married to Betty, and is worried that his weaknesses will appear again with his current marriage.
Here is the first of the two books.. a lovely pink fabric book… my daughter bought this fabric for me for christmas, it was part of a fat quarter bundle and I loved this piece..
Bob Goff:
and on and on and on
Roy: Nothing was ever settled.
I spent last Sunday afternoon going through it and marking the recipes I wanted to try. Let's just say that the post-it notes got out of hand. So many wonderful looking recipes!
Hopefully you can see that the mortgage lending process is not as indulgent (at least conforming conventional loans) as you might think. Yes, the risk assessment has always been in place and probably sometimes ignored in some cases. This was of course during the lenient subprime area which brought on the devastating results we now see.
The high street needs to embrace everyone. I would like to see older people moving back into the centre. You could pop out and meet your friend, sit on a bench and watch skateboarders. We would be surprised by the sense of community that would develop between the different age groups: you saw it in the riots around London, when people were out cleaning up and putting things right.
She thought, maybe the wind would just take her away.
Chicken Fingers from Raising Canes. They are SO good. How have I missed out on these for so long?
~Cherry 4.26.12
The checklist is pretty impressive with all but one of the baseball players being in the HOF. Here are the players included: Hank Aaron, Ernie Banks, Al Kaline, Willie Mays, McCovey, Tony Oliva, Frank Robinson, Tom Seaver and Willie Stargell.
Nico Rosberg will drive tomorrow for the third and final day of this week’s test.
I’m going skydiving. I’ll be 85 at the time, that way if I die on the way down at least I’m going out like a 85 year old badass. Can you imagine what the first person to do this must have been thinking when they jumped? Probably something along the lines of ‘Why, oh why, did I think metal would make a good parachute?’
I have finally been won over to the importance of kegeling, and will do it fanatically before, during, and after any future pregnancies . . .
To be honest, the fact that Obama would seize upon this quote is as embarrassing as it is telling. Obama does not understand the immensity of the War on Terror or the commitment necessary to see such a war through. Thus, when Romney says, in effect, the war is bigger than one man—Osama bin Laden—he’s not saying “I would not okay a kill on bin Laden.” Rather, he’s saying, the war is too big to be orchestrated solely for the apprehension or death of one man. Moreover, Romney understands the war continues beyond bin Laden’s death, which is something that Obama has missed.
When I was diagnosed with breast cancer three years ago I came home a little numbed by the experience. I was not distraught or fearful or totally overwhelmed. I was puzzled about the reason for it. I don’t believe any experience we have in this life, good or bad, is a wasted experience.
The Showcase will also celebrate an extension of the Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) between the State of Florida, U. S. Department of Energy Pinellas Plant in Largo, Florida and Oak Ridge National Laboratories in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. Opening ceremonies will begin at 1:30 p.m. on Friday, October 20th.
Various feeding studies in animals have resulted in potentially pre-cancerous cell growth, damaged immune systems, smaller brains, livers, and testicles, partial atrophy or increased density of the liver, odd shaped cell nuclei and other unexplained anomalies, false pregnancies and higher death rates.
2nd, one of my best true friends ever- She has been here for me since we were children; she has been there through many mistakes, many heartbreaks- laughter, fun, trouble, miracles, pain, blessings, and lots of love. You fit the meaning of a true friend, and I thank God for you today, this 11th day of November, on your birthday! Happy Birthday and I love you, Amy Mort Dial.
- The Bene Gesserit Litany Against Fear
However, when it comes to clothing, it’s another story. Coco Chanel inspired a whole generation to create new looks for women, Diane von Furstenberg created the wrap-dress, in addition there’s the one and only Vera Wang and her bridal gowns. How can those not be called impacts? Not to mention the wedding dress of our generation designed by Sarah Burton under Alexander McQueen’s empire. That dress made an unbelievable impact. There’s beyond these three women too, but if he’s simply talking about impact, these three women changed our wardrobes.
Continue reading to find out more.
22 Super Freego - Yekto Le Kreutre
The words of Patrick Henry are apropos: “Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!”
1940: 1038.5 OG
When I did my post on cleaning up my cupboards, there was a picture including a little green bag that I said was something fun and I would be posting about down the road. The day has come, as I made it yesterday before leaving for work.....and had about a third of a cup when I got home this morning!
FULL-LENGTH MOVIE ABOUT THE SOURCE FIELD
Western embassies in Tokyo will all be shutting down on March 20th, ostensibly to celebrate the vernal equinox. If this embassy closure is a pretext to evacuate personnel in preparation for a mass terror attack against Tokyo, there will be unfathomable consequences for the Western ruling oligarchs and their extended families. In addition, nuclear weapons have already been placed in both Jerusalem and Rome by gnostic agents and these two cities will vanish forever if Tokyo is attacked. We urge all citizens of these two cities to evacuate immediately should Tokyo be terrorized by the Romans. Furthermore, the Chinese and Japanese military have finalized preparations to sink the La Palma rock formation into the ocean and cause a 100 meter tsunami to hit the US East coast and Southern Europe in retaliation for the planned attack on Tokyo. The world will no longer tolerate Roman terror. The Romans must renounce Satan and the Vatican must be purged of all Satanists.
I also popped into the factory for a few minutes on my drive up north yesterday, and loved the Casbah-print skirt, and a Jackie in pink and navy (not seeing that colorway online yet). The skirt was 30% off in store, as was the sweater and jewelry, and, well...most everything. Oh, and I thought the factory Bubble necklace in turquoise was really pretty, thought it's probably not the same quality (whatever that means). It's smaller in size, and I'll post some pics soon.
In cases where there are dealings pending which are preventing the completion of the registration of the acquisition order, every effort is to be made to complete the pending registration. Where this is not possible, the NAMA dealing will be cross referenced with the pending dealing and the subsidiary folio added to the pending dealing. Where a pending dealing, in which NAMA have an interest, is treated as abandoned, withdrawn or rejected, the project group is to be informed.
I am hearing.......the humidifier humming and the chimes ringing in the winter wind.
I'm getting the hang of shaping rolls. It didn't take that long to do, either. Ten minutes, tops! I decided to make a small extra pan, to test how well these reheat. Covered with a towel, and back into my cozy oven (you don't have to do this, but I need the counter space anyway)...
Moon ran, picking up speed....charging...running!
Loved them, loved the song. I was always singing it (off key I might add).
I was also told that these insiders are buying 10 books at a time and sending them via certified mail, with written return receipts, to governors, senators and congressmen.
Stacey wasn't sure what Syrin was asking, and must have shown it, because Syrin continued. "I'm afraid this is dinner for the day. I wasn't sure if there'd be enough cherries for it, but there are. So, I recommend handing your sack somewhere and eating as much as you can. We have a long night ahead of us."
*brief pause while I do a happy dance at being able to type the words "professional novelist"*
It was just a minute later than both Grandma and I realised he was now happily repeating the phrases- IN ENGLISH. The nice lady on the tape was instructing cheerfully, "Now it's your turn, say you are on holiday" - and Boy 2 piped up : " I am on holiday"...now urged the lady, "Say you come from London" - "I come from London" chirrups Boy 2.
TXCAI Blog (txcaiblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
In the catalog of things a mother doesn’t want to hear, I think “I didn’t use it because it didn’t fit” is way up there with “I didn’t know the gun was loaded” and “You can’t get addicted to heroin with just one use.” I still can’t figure out how a condom doesn’t fit, but my son was insistent and is gloating about it to his dad. I find this rather unseemly, but figure that’s between the boys. In addition to stern lectures and profound disappointment, I provided condoms that should be large enough for my son, ego included. If he doesn’t improve his grades, I suppose Porn Star could be his fallback career.
Now we'll see what that murderous little scamp, Damian is up to during the Night of Owls stuff.
Happy Thursday. See you tomorrow.
Peter Travers
Before examining this particular school further, a word about education in general at the time. Whilst the hygienists had ensured a revolution in social housing at the end of the 19th century, reformers had also succeeded in making major changes in the world of education. The most important advance was the Ferry law of 1882 which made schools secular, free and obligatory for all children between the ages of 6 and 13. It also insisted on military exercises for boys and needlework for girls, but this aspect has largely been forgotten today!
Last year I turned the big *coughs* 4.0. Not an uncommon situation to be in, everyone does it at one point in their lives and actually in the short time I’ve been ‘in my forties’ I’ve achieved some major goals, made new friends, re-united with old friends, started new hobbies and we are only ten months in!
Today, one of my student finished her chair.
By the end of the day, I may be sitting outside in the New England cold, rocking back and forth and drooling. Wish me luck. I'm going to need it.
Information about the band Axe isn't widely available, but one of their key members Rod Alexander is still active today, with a biography that boasts involvement with the likes of The Everley Brothers, Ritchie Blackmore, Mike Berry and "Left and to the Back" favourite Rolf Harris. He also apparently enjoyed some time in West Africa during his career, which might explain why this pressing of "Running Wild" appears to be Gambian in origin - thanks to the forum posters Vinyl_Junkie and carryonsidney over at 45Cat for digging that information up. This is the only African pressing I own at the moment, and God knows how it ever managed to worm its way back into the UK...
Emperors, lovers, mountains of snow
At least I now have some cool fabric immortalizing their childhood artwork to help remind me of these years.
4.) Make the cheese ahead of the sag. This will give you time to really press it and get the liquid out before you attempt to fry it.
I don’t think we of the old world should get too sniffy about American ignorance in relation to Europe. A dozen US States, for instance (and most States are very big in America) are about to face, or already filing for, bankruptcy. I doubt if many EU citizens would know which they are. Equally, I’m sure there’s a big scandal in Wyoming somewhere right now, but I wouldn’t know what it is, or the politics behind it. One of the dafter tenets of globalism is Levitt’s idiotic concept of the Global Village: if that idea has any value at all, then let’s – this afternoon – drop a construction worker from the Bronx into the gigantic floods swamping Eastern China. You know – just to see how he copes.
During the tour we were told that beginning in early March (2012) the first offenders will be brought into GCCF to “test it out” and each month 128 more offenders will be brought in over the next year until the facility reaches capacity.
Think November 9, 1965, when 30,000,000 people in the US Northeast were in the dark due to a massive CME event. Living with my parents on Long Island, I remember this one. My sister remembers it even better. She was returning home from NYC on a high school bus when the entire city skyline simply disappeared before her eyes. Poof. Lights out!
And, to rock your boat a little more, you're actually wrong because while areas of Tel Aviv, for example, might have been built on the ruins of abandoned Arab villages, the settlements - to the very last one - were built on unoccupied land, barren hilltops, etc. Maale Adumim is a perfect example. One need only look at EVERY hill that surrounds Maale Adumim to see that not one of them features an Arab village. Wait, that's not true - I'm wrong - on one hill - to the west of the city - there's an Arab neighborhood called Azzariya and it is still Arab today. Every other hilltop - to the north, to the east, and to the south - is barren, was barren when the city was established, etc.
10. Long-term commitment. I have been skating now for more years of my life than I have not. I also have maintained life-long friendships with some people and I was in a relationship with my husband for nine years before we got married 18 months ago. I knew what field I wanted to enter when I was 14 so I joined the newspaper staff, then went to journalism school, and now I’m a freelance writer and editor. One might argue that I just have a personality type that lends itself to long-term relationships in general. However, I believe my commitment to skating taught me how to stay committed to people and goals. Skating, like life, can have its ups and downs, but that doesn’t mean I’m just going to give up on it. And skating has touched my heart in a way that means I’ll never let it go. I believe that because of that experience, I am better able to recognize good things when they come along and better able to hold onto them and nurture them as part of my life. These relationships, like my relationship with skating, have yielded me infinite joy back compared with the joy and love I put into them, which just fills me up with even more love to reciprocate with. It’s a beautiful cycle and part of life to learn, and it makes the rough patches of life all the more bearable.
Shortly after the death of the French Queen Maria Theresa of Spain in 1683, wife of Louis XIV, courtiers pointed out this woman as the black daughter the Queen allegedly once gave birth to.
Anyway, I had a great weekend. I went to meet some of the ladies for a beer Saturday afternoon to say goodbye to L.A. Mom. Another ex-pat is biting the Paris dust. Normally I would feel sad about this, but this time it's OK because L.A. Mom is about to become SEATTLE MOM. She's moving to Seattle and will be there when I return. We will then push peaceful Pacific Northwesterners out of our way in lines together because that's how we do things now.
After all last week's recapping exertions I've left the concluding words on the musical year 1976 to someone who can express its core ideals much clearer than I could - writer, Saint Etienne member and established font of pop knowledge Bob Stanley, whose own blog Croydon Municipal is highly recommended.
Meanwhile, the racist bastard Eric Holder and his InJustice Department are too busy suing a fire department for alleged racial discrimination in the department's written exams, instead of sending people to investigate and defend Matthew Owens' civil rights.
See? Gorgeous as usual!
From the 17th until the 20th of April 2012, one American and one Australian/Swiss are running 266 kms from Kolkata, India back ‘home’ to Dhaka, Bangladesh, hoping to raise enough funds to build schools and fund educational projects for the many underprivileged children of Bangladesh.
Here is the birthday part
So I barely noticed my birthday passing by, and was very, very happily surprised when the DH gifted me a KOBO on November 5!
Anybody who thinks this document is supposed to contribute to community cohesion as usually conceived of needs to read it again, this time with their eyes open. This document is a call for the British people to move to shut down a phenomenon, Muslim immigration, which will thrust them into an existential conflict that they will be able to win only through the application of massive violence to Muslims as Muslims. We are not trying to give anyone warm feelings about themselves or their religion. Nor are we trying to envelop the Muslim population of Britain in a tidal wave of love. Can we be any clearer?
Ok I am back on again. These last two weeks have been really rough for me. I needed a little time away from this. I suspect it comes with my age. I have been dealing with death for the last few weeks. A distant reltive who was also a close friend of mine died three weeks ago. Two weeks ago, my aunt died. Her death was followed the following week (last week) by the death of an extremely dear childhood friend; her passing truly devastated me. All of them were hard to deal with but the last one, my childhood friend was the hardest. She was very – very close to me for my formative years and a time in my young life that was very difficult.
Fisher wasn’t the only team member to have suffered. This is the only time Cushing played the Baron after the death of his beloved wife, Helen. Much has been written about his devotion to her, and he spent the remainder of his life in a state of mourning, requiring persuasion to emerge from seclusion to make films. To the end of his days, he would sign letters “Peter and Helen”.
In the winter, the fountain is turned into an ice skating rink that is open to the public, and has skate rentals. There is an additional fee for this but it is pretty fun and definitely something not everyone gets to do! The garden also has a lovely little cafe that can be a nice place to take a break and get something to eat.
Almost all mountain bikes will fit into this category. Cross country mountain bikes are light weight, making them easy to ride over most terrains, even up and down hills. This is the most common mountain bike and it can be used with ease for riding on the path or even commuting.
Amid soft purple hues I lay,
This link will redirect you to a track I made tonight, as stated on soundcloud its meant to give a relentless sense of anxiety and alienation, caused by the many things we don’t know that we are meant to and it relates closely to my next blog entry on EMI and Universal (two of the four majors ).
* "The Cask of Amontillado" by Edgar A. Poe
And then there are the huge apologies, the ones which could change the world when they are given. For these there is a lot of weight and waiting around and the impact is huge. There is the initial ripple of shock and disbelief, then the outward moving wave of acceptance and change. The ripples keep going out with the apology spreading and decreasing as it touches those affected. This is an apology which needs to be given and needs to be received. This is the one where acceptance of the apology matters before the ripples are absorbed.
You can see just how large the spaces are, and that large tree right above me sure made the heat of the day easier to deal with. I've definitely become an expert packer over the years. Everything here, including the tables, canopy, and inventory has to fit in the back of my pickup truck...with the top on.
First, let me announce the winner for the Making Words with Blends packet. Congrats to Heather Salsman!! You can see how the winner HERE on Rafflecopter.
And the dust on our heels
1218 **D-IX/1/1995. “King David, Favorite of God?” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 641-53.)
I've been a bit quiet on here.
Thanks to my parents and a great groupon, we got our first family pictures taken a couple weeks ago. While Henry didn't smile while the camera was pointing at him, he still gave us some great pictures. I had to scan these in so the quality is off, but please enjoy our gift to you which is the cuteness below!
Put the cream with a couple of drops of vanilla extract and a bit of sugar in a saucepan at medium/low heat. Let it cook until reduces to half.
Toss the disembodied head of a beloved childhood character around like a ball? Lend it to an eccentric friend who wanted to set it up in some kind of Halloween tableaux? Bowl with it?
In the old days, fans hunted for music in record stores. Now the internet makes it easy, and free. "Here's to the hunter, here's to the great pursuer. Here's to the hunter. Drink to the evil doer….here's to the hunter in us all."
Kids loved Scott. Mainly because he always had that kid-like quality about him. Just one look at his smiling face, and kids knew that this guy was a Fun Factory, ever ready to climb a tree or pantomine some crazy gag that would make them laugh their heads off.
Asheville’s Lexington Avenue
chanel soliel tan de chanel, maybelline dream smooth mousse, laura mercier cream shadow, mac ccb in hush, bobbi brown pot rouge in powder pink.
Now I have three other people in my family to help me, and well, we all help each other when we need to remember something. Thank goodness for team work!
Well, I suppose it was just a matter of time until someone proposed this. Basically, you send, (or rather your employer sends), all your money to the government, and then they will give you your share after they take out yours.
This should make my life a little harder because it’s not as fast as driving to school. I will have to wake up a little earlier in order to get to campus on time for my classes. However in the long run it should benefit me by making me more physically healthy. Therefore, overall I feel good about this transition to a biking lifestyle and hope to make the best out of the experience.
That being said, I recognize that all us bloggers are in this together and it’s worthwhile to help each other out. I’m always grateful for the chance to get my work in front of new readers. Perhaps the most appropriate thing to do, to avoid rubbing anyone the wrong way, is to crack a mild, self-deprecating joke about awards and graciously thank the one who awarded me.
If you are making the stew with meat, after step 2, add the meat and boiling water to the level of the meat, and bring to the boil and simmer for half an hour. The proceed to step 3 (adding the veggies).
TUE
* That you do a brief email interview with me afterwards about how it goes
Maybe we’re not alone like we thought. Maybe there is intelligent life out there. Is it friendly? Or are they hostile? When the hullabaloo of the election was over, there was one last transmission on December 1st before everything stopped:
But music has such a deep emotional impact on a person that as a stand alone art form it remains as important as gaming and film.
My desktop computer is 7 years old. In technology years my husband says that's about 95. It's been slowing down and having issues, requiring more care to keep it running. So before it completely died, we bought a new one. It's a pretty laptop - so I can blog from anywhere, like the couch, where I am now.
Born on May 22, 1982, Tom Scudamore was appointed stable jockey to David Pipe in the 2006/2007 season, marking a return to Pond House in Somerset where he began his career as an amateur for Pipe’s father Martin, and where his own father Peter Scudamore, was also stable jockey. Tom comes from an illustrious line of jockeys. His great-grandfather Geoffrey rode winners as an amateur, grandfather Michael was Oxo’s pilot when winning the 1959 Grand National and his father was eight-times champion jockey with 1,677 successes but never won the John Smith’s Grand National, achieving his best finishing position on third-placed Corbiere in 1985. Tom has made a big impression since leaving Cheltenham College after A-levels in 2000. He won the amateur riders’ title in the 2000/01 season and also landed the 2001 Flat amateurs’ championship. After 52 unpaid successes, he turned professional in October,
I also had tons of leftover fabrics ...and pale blue seemed to go best with the oyster shells. So I had a look if the oyster shells fitted in the box- as mine was very shallow .
In his reply, he said this:
Though I was happy sleeping
"Hello from Let's Capture Our Memories - also known as LCOM!
We would like recess to be 10 minutes longer. Why you may ask? Let me explain. So we can have more exercise. So teachers have more time to plan. So we can burn off all our energy and we will be calm and quiet. We will learn how to share and learn more skills. The teacher will have more time to check our work. We have 10 more minutes to have fun. We would be the most popular school in the world if we had 10 more minutes to play outside."
I got the idea that I’d actually like to live there and eventually decided to take advantage of the crazy property boom by putting my house up for sale. Just before the boom went bust. I actually held out on a half-million-pound offer just before the crash, on the assumption that prices would go even higher.
Well, I for one have never owned a dryer. To me the smell of washing freshly in from the line and smelling of fresh air is one of the loveliest smells there is- and that comes from someone who lives on a farm where the air is often full of smells I would rather not mention. But somehow the washing doesn't seem to pick that up.
Here is what I created:
beach, light house
Except for those I have of you
Dempsey had ordered a separate review last October following news reports that FBI courses contained Islamophobic materials, but ordered the new review after doubting “whether all parties understood the spirit and intent” of the earlier request.
What would it take for liberals to understand the real meaning of a deep respect for life? They give lip service to it from time to time, but focus more on how to modify the punishment of criminals, while removing many safeguards that protect the general citizenry.
I also have very good intel that the personnel staffing these safety zones have already agreed to turn on them as soon as they arrive.
my gentle spirit with daily wounds
Internet Contest
Nothing compares to the flavor of food that is grown in healthy soil, without pesticides, and allowed to grow until just the right time for harvest. Square foot gardening uses only 20% of the land space of a conventional garden and saves both water and time. There is no tilling of the soil so anybody can do it. Join JoAnn as she explains the concept of this successful technique. Home Learning Center in the Garden for All Seasons
that was only found in my imagination.
In an objection to the council, a resident wrote: “Without wishing to sound disrespectful and discriminatory towards the travelling community, I fear that the approval of this application will be to the extreme detriment of the local area.
Publisher Grand Rapids, MI : Zondervan, 1978
It is said that the compensation bill for the victims of the dark days of martial law has been pending since 1998 and has yet to become a law.
Cast : Sean Patrick Flanery, Emily Carpenter, Ted Manson, Robert Pralgo, Daniel Burnley, Brandon O’Dell, Don Henderson Baker, Brandon St. Cyr, Elijab Doss, Greg Thompson, Jamie Moore
Some call us the "Conscious Army"
Turkey bacon creeps me out. I'm not sure why it's "better" than regular bacon. And it looks weird.
The name Retreats for You is so very apt. Because it really is for you. Deborah (a journalist and writer herself) and her husband Bob offer their home and themselves to cater to you, to make you feel special and looked after. Hot water bottles placed lovingly in beds, wonderful homecooked meals (and scrumptious puddings!), lifts to and from the station (not a quick undertaking as the nearest station is an hour away - did I mention Sheepwash is in the middle of beautiful countryside?)... I managed to bring a cold with me, and Deborah happily dosed me up with vitamin C tablets each morning.
pattern. The dolls are both novel
I’ve been flirting with a vegetarian diet for a while now-not quite there but I don’t enjoy meat much. This book makes sense to me and I’m really enjoying it.
The strategy underscores the fact that the Obama who ordered the raid as commander in chief is now seeking a second term as president. The risk is the political blow-back that can come if he is seen as crossing a line into politicizing national security.
a - makes the "uh" sound as in the English word "about"
So I suppose this post is both a cautionary message and a moral plea for YA writers: Watch out for the Full Fathom Fives, and remember who you’re writing for. Now, excuse me while I hit the showers…
R5--5 C10 R5+5 C10 R5--5 Repeat until desired length. To turn, just do 4 rings joined as in the picture. The cute part is that, when you go around the second time, you join the one ring where two rings from the last row are joined and two rings where there was only one ring. Make sense?
This morning magically it has disappeared, we shall see how long that lasts. I did have very vivid dreams of being in a film with Robert Pattison (I don’t like him enough to know how to spell his name) and then I was at a party with an inside pool and I almost drowned. So weird. I then actually finally did the weigh in, as I eventually had access to the scales. Now the digits I then saw down there on the scales completely depressed me more than the thought of drowning. After this I felt it necessary and to go against the name of this blog and just think for a while. I have put on a stone from last year and last year I was over weight enough, terrifying thoughts. So I thought I would instead do something.
I don’t usually get so insanely mad, but I am right now.
O Lord, Sustainer and Cherisher, You are infinite, unfathomable and endless.
both the images are cut out but I've decoupaged the bowl rim and the top flowers again, not that you can see this very well, should have taken a picture from a different angle! lol
A final point
The thing is I get people's gripes about the voice. It's peculiar. The vibrato can sound grainy, if that's not too intersensory a description, and depending on whether you're me or someone else this strikes you as individual and interesting or weird, respectively, I guess. There's not a lot of mezzo-forte available. But the impact of it when she cranks it into overdrive remains utterly visceral for me, and the floaty pianos are not overused and awfully pretty, so if there's not a lot between two compelling extremes, I can't find much cause to kvetch. And hey, if her acting remains unsubtle, at least she's in an appropriate rep for it.
In my eight or so years of interviewing people I’ve yet to comment on anyone’s voice though Sullivan seems worthy to be the exception—his voice, on the page, has been among the most fantastic and gorgeous of the last decade or so. Tempted though I am, I will not here mention at length how Sullivan’s voice is among the very best going in contemporary nonfiction, and I will absolutely not go to lengths about how, for those of us who will never be able to get enough Wallace, Sullivan is who we should now be tracking (reasons for not going to lengths on that: seemingly everyone everywhere puts Sullivan and Wallace together).
1Co 4:3 But to me it is a very small thing to be judged by you or by man’s day. But neither do I judge my own self.
Even though I can’t take on any new tattoo designs clients right now, you can still view my work and learn more about sacred body art through my website and purchase of my book, Spiritual Skin - http://spiritualskin.com/
Yes, if you want to say that I was a drum major, say that I was a drum major for justice. (Amen) Say that I was a drum major for peace. (Yes) I was a drum major for righteousness. And all of the other shallow things will not matter. (Yes) I won't have any money to leave behind. I won't have the fine and luxurious things of life to leave behind. But I just want to leave a committed life behind. (Amen) And that's all I want to say.
Hordes of currency-dealers – many of them young women, some with babies strapped round their backs – still congregate in central Bulawayo, anxious for business, though.
What of Mary's birth? We know little. Yet her birth is part of the greater plan in the birth of Him who was and is incarnate, a divine genealogy. My tradition might question the immaculate conception of Mary yet Jesus' birth demonstrates that nothing is outside His power, "and holy is His Name."
You see, I’m not like you and I’m not a cartoon or a clone,
Lilly is the real star of the movie and Anjelica Huston is brilliant presenting a natural predator, who doesn't even realize her nature. She's like a shark, in that she doesn't ponder her actions but has to keep moving or drown. She has been a grifter her whole life, and working for Bobo has found a golden opportunity with access to easy money, and regular employment while she continues to steal money. Bobo even expects her to steal as she shows when she recites his speech back to him "If he's not stealing a little, he's stealing a lot." Of course the difference between a little and a lot is ambiguous, especially over time. Much relies on the appearance of order, and when Bobo is tipped off, he has no choice to take action even though her actions could well have been well within what was expected of her. That's the hazard of having a "boss." although the premise of working for someone would seem to be part of her grift. The fact that Lilly would work her grift on someone as dangerous as Bobo shows her dedication to the lifestyle. Her quick turnaround of Myra's murder attempt shows that she's the ultimate opportunist, quick witted enough to try and salvage any situation. Her strong dislike for Myra, aside from objections "anyone would have." concerning her son, are likely based on an instant recognition. They recognize each other as full time and dedicated operators, and instinctual competition.
5. Goolie Get-Together (Theme)
So when filmmaker Jay Michael visited the area, 40 miles NE of Oklahoma, to shoot some background footage and investigate the story, he found that local residents knew all about the Swamp Monster tale, along with the fake shoe and phony footprints.
Of course many authors read FB posts like this with very mixed feelings. On the one hand: Hurray! Ellen’s book is indeed a fabulous read, an atmospheric dystopian tale of politics and intrigue in which a feisty young princess takes on a sinister Prime Minister. Everyone should read it over the summer, not just Independent readers.
LOOSELY TRANSLATED: A National Exhibition of Antiques and Ham!
When you look around and there is nobody else in the restaurant except of the employees, the lights are turned up and the TV's are off it is usually a good sign that you should leave now. I don't understand how people don't get this. The place is closed, time to go, is that so hard to understand?
This gift was sent to me on April 21st but I did not realize it until today. Had to share this, so beautiful and genuine this unexpected gift of words sent privately to me.
Her new LP "The Red Shoes" could be the one to break her
Wind bubbled, blushing like a new dawn at the gentle
Weeks after I finally had a ‘Grand Mal’ Seizure, I was almost relieved that I proved them wrong. One Saturday morning, my brother called the ambulance and explained to the paramedics what they had seen. My entire body had been convulsing, shaking, they were terrified. I was unconscious. The doctors said to always leave someone with Epilepsy to have their seizure…always make sure they are safe, turn them on their side but NEVER PUT ANYTHING IN THEIR MOUTH. I recovered quickly and was put on anti seizure medication. The side effect was weight gain, but it kept the seizures at bay.
Although set in a Muslim world, unlike The Good Muslim, which I read a few months back, this is not a religious tract by any manner of means; the author is not a Muslim. It is, however, as he puts it, “a reminder of what’s being lost, a commemoration, and a call to arms to save that tradition.” Orality is not something unique to Morocco.
Shovel
Can you believe it? One friend, and I have blogbuds who are artists, photographers, and card makers, tells me she found more than 50 websites using her images for commercial purposes without permission. Google does offer a service, but you have to search by image. Time consuming for those trying to earn a living by their hobby, or their work.
2000 BCE – The oldest history found on the cheesecake is from Greece island of Samos. Historians have found cheese molds from as far back as 2000 BCE. And they have found evidence that Greece highly valued cheesecake as a good source of energy. There have also been findings on cheesecake being served at the first Olympic games in 776 BCE to the athletes. Cheesecake was also being served as wedding cakes in Greece weddings. Their simple cheesecake was then made of flour, wheat, honey, and cheese.
Price: $3-150
Cleveland Socialites love social media symposiums headquartered in their city.
“What took you so long to get here, Ronald? You’re sure you were not inside “Hooters”? The girl on the phone sounded really, really friendly.” Marcia observed.
And what about those left not just with physical problems, but emotional turmoil? Such as these two forum posters… who still, in spite of it all, couldn’t bring themselves to just admit that Harold Camping was a false prophet and his predictions nonsense?
Alcohol fuel can corrode aluminum and magnesium parts, collect moisture, doesn't mix well with your oil additive, can cause a rapid drop in volatility, and most important it can produce an erratic tuning that could cause major internal engine damage.
Roselle - Show up at Turner Park, 81 E. Devon Avenue in Roselle, from 6:30 pm to 10:30 pm. Visit the website for more info. A few of the attractions include free hot dogs, live music, a movie and popcorn, and a climbing wall.
I mentioned a few days ago how simple it was to recreate my own header by using Beth's Scrapblog Tutorial. Well I also updated my signature. I have never been a huge fan of what I had before- the tag with the butterfly. It always looked off to me. I like what I have now much better. I feel like it ties into my header. Once again I used Scrapblog to help me create it.
The second card is a Bookatrix for a baby boy. The image I got on PhotoBucket (yonks) and I printed it directly onto the card. Card finished with the usual ribbons and peel-offs and some paper roses down the centre which do not show very well in the picture. The box is decorated using die cuts and buttons. I must have been in a 'blue mood' when I made these card.....still the client was happy and that is all that matters at the end of the day. Thanks for looking and for any comments you may leave. I really appreciate the fact that someone will take the time to make a comment. Blessings on all and have a good week.
I can anecdotally confirm that this has indeed been an active cold and flu year and am waiting for the research that will attribute it to contemporary weather patterns.
poor swaddling clothes
As the years have come and gone I have learned a lot when it comes to blog posting. Please keep that in mind when reading older posts.
What South Africa lacks, and probably needs, is a strong and coherent left opposition, preferably before a fascist takeover. Is Zwelinzima Vavi up to it? The tragedy of the assassination of Chris Hani continues to haunt us.
Other projects are going well, the web-series is coming together nicely and we’re hoping to get the first draft out this next week.
Richardo Wilson
We met with my Sister and her 3 boys, headed over to the Hollow.
I thought Porter was going to be bigger then Preston, but I guess i just forgot how big Preston really was. At Preston's one month checkup he was in the greater than 95th percentile for weight and length, and 90th for his head (big guy!). Either way, Porter is still plenty big for his age! Boy do I love my big babies.
Oh, then he cursed him, “Again you become a rat. Again you become a rat.” So he became a rat.
53. Tao likes drinking Starbucks Coffee.
Whenever I wonder..
The close up:
We stopped off at the hardware store on our way home with the cupboard to pick up some sandpaper blocks and a putty knife I wanted. I planned to scrape the curling peels of paint and sand down the finish to a “distressed” look. I saw the end result in my imagination. Sometimes I don’t have the words to describe what I want. It takes action to reveal my intention.
Stadium Club: 2 - 1 - 0
Math Rider is a good software game for ages 6 - 12 and retails for $47, though until February 15, 2012 you can purchase it for just $37 - directly from their website. The software is easily downloaded and installed {we downloaded and were on the game in a matter of minutes}. It supports multiple children - though each child is on their own quest, they do not play against each other, a plus in our house. :) And, I love companies that give you an opportunity to try before you buy ... Math Rider gives a free 7 day trial.
I’m not very fond of replying to text messages.
1 Full Name
5. I have piercings
Dr Jaiya considered that in WIPO divergent interests come together, and noted that now, through TRIPS, IP has also spilled over from WIPO to the WTO.
Comfort: I like the padding in the “rails” of the sling, where baby sits. A big concern of my MIL’s was that Tater would be uncomfortable or that his legs would go numb from sitting in the sling. I am happy to report that Tater seems to have no complaints! For me, the sling is very comfortable. Other than, of course, I am hauling around 25 lbs. of baby!
that I no longer
Oh and before I forget, here are the palettes in the room:-)
So all that brings us to this silly understanding that my super expensive glasses are nothing more than a really nice tool to protect my eyes from the sun and to help me see better. The same thing is true of us. God bought us at a steep price and what good are we left a home in a protective case away from the dangers of the world.
For those of you without Kindle devices, ordering is almost as easy. You can download a Kindle App for a number of devices you may already own.
(He's learned to squeal like a little pig! It's adorable to us.)
The card base is diecut using Spellbinders Scallop Edge Frame and colored with a yellow Copic marker. The sunflower is made using Spellbinders Sunflower set 2 and inked with Memento Tangelo. The sunflower center comes from the Spring Words set stamped in Memento Tuxedo Black. The cute little butterflies are a stamp included in the Fleur de Lis Labels Twenty set.
“Oh, we have to sell all these books to raise money to keep the library open.”
The McGunigles have a grooming room in their home complete with a bath tub, a grooming table with a stand-up blow dryer beside it, clippers for hair and nails, and patching kits for any wounds endured during hard training.
Is it any wonder that people home educate their kids more and more these days?
I feel like after working on my projects for two months straight, that my work has improved. I have tucked away my sewing machine for a bit, and concentrated on my embroidering.
This is just one story to come out of yesterday's quake, it's an extremely tragic one. I have another friend who's good friend is in the CTV building which is currently a pile of burning rubble....
My favourite time of day is when everyone else is asleep and I can spend hours scribbling with just the cats and dog for company. They listen solemnly when I read my scribbles back. My favourite place is the railway embankment next to our house where I played as a child. We didn't have Playstations in those days so we just had to rough it, making real mud pies and watching the seasons change. But don't feel too sorry for us, we loved it. There was also a family who lived in the next house along who kept, goats, zebra finches, rabbits, chickens and bantams, which are tiny hens. I was in Heaven. We had a real den made from an old scrubbed-out chicken house in which we used to store such delights as lukewarm lemonade and soggy Garibaldi biscuits, probably to the joy of visiting rats. Despite our very grubby finger nails and the visiting wildlife we somehow survived. Except for Goldy of course.
All of these are great to buy now while your family can still afford them. I would also recommend looking on craigslist or backpack people are always giving things away for free you never know what you may get. That way if and when an economic crisis occurs then you will be able to keep your family protected and well feed. If your currently struggling, know you will soon face a lay off, or other major financial changes then it is good to start incorporating this now so you can stretch your dollar out. A recession happens when your neighbor loses his job and a depression happens when you lose your job. Keep this in mind when preparing even if we are only in a recession right now.
The announcement has been welcomed by Welsh Government Business Minister, Edwina Hart:” This is excellent news for the airport and for the wider region – the routes are to very popular holiday destinations and have the potential to significantly increase traffic from Cardiff Airport. It also opens up closer business and tourism links between Wales and Spain bringing benefits to both countries.”
41. The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
I like painting people I know. It's like a doing a gift. It's the best motivation for me. Before, I only painted close friends of mine, now it's quite different.
- Signed up for a house in Oxford with ten acres and full dressage arena, stables and round pen. Pulled out when we couldn't leave our little community.
Eventually we meet Michael Pardue (Lee Pace), a poor pianist and lover #3. He and Delysia are also in a cabaret act together but he has grown tired of competing with Phil and Nick for her affections and plans to set sail to New York City on the Queen Mary in the morning with or without her. Delysia must look into her heart and decide which man she wants to be with: Phil, the son of a powerful theater producer, Nick, a mean-spirited nightclub owner, or Michael.
I'd like to recognize other blogger friends of mine with some 'Attitude' of their own...may that
Speaking from within the belly of the beast, the US World Court will look at issues of poverty and homelessness as a violation of both women’s rights and human rights, and link the struggles in the US with the struggles of the poor around the world. It seeks to expose the great violence poverty is doing to increasing numbers of women in the U.S; to assess the toll poverty is taking on our nation’s families; to end this crime against humanity by building a transformative movement to eliminate poverty; to protect and expand public resources for the benefit of the 99%, to ensure truly universal health care.
1. Place several of the seeds under your tongue and hold them there for at least 9 minutes, while standing in the area you will be plating them.
I usually keep a little bag in my purse for when I find myself starving in the car/at the school/post workout and can't wait until I get home to eat something.
actually, that was my hair color for like, a month ago teehee! I got caught up in busy mode and giving me no time at all to do an earlier review *sigh*. Anyways, since the product (Gatsby Almond Ash Hair Color) was superb, i must do a review about it especially for ash hair color fan because it seems so hard to find a good ash color hair dye (usually it will turn out to be brownish orangey with just a little hint of ash *sigh,sigh*) so, its better late than never rite?
Cincinnati northeast to Marion Ohio , Columbus Ohio southeast to Parkersburg Ohio
to Muslim fanatics!
To protect your system you can install anti-virus and spam filters but the most common inquiry we deal with is “how do I block spam?”
-Please pray for the incoming freshmen and transfer students to UCI for the 2012-2013 School Year. I am expectant of many students who are excited to join the mission to reach their peers for Jesus. May they have hearts ready to receive and give!
So, the first point is obvious, but so important. What is the primary function for the space? And be honest with yourself. It's okay if you mostly watch tv in your living room. It's easy to convince yourself that a pair of lovely little antique chairs would be perfect for your space because they are so amazing to look at. But if the chairs are uncomfortable - no one will ever sit there. Waste of space. Waste of money. Function comes first.
And these lovely herbs, a gift planter from Buffalo gardening guru Sally Cunningham. You can see borage and oregano flowers, with the fabulous houseplant plectranthus “Mona Lavender” in the background.
He learned to be strong.
Favorite Flower~ Orchids or Lilies.
Good Evening all!! Sorry we're so late with our challenge today!! Amy will be along soon with the winners of the Blues challenge so we're going to get on to our new challenge by the Rockin Rubbah Team and this week they'd like to see your BIRTHDAY creations.
Behind Blue Eyes
The sides of the road to a happy computing experience is littered with burnt out wrecks and abandoned ideas, that at one time seemed the cool new thing but quickly faded. This is especially true with social media. I use a number of platforms like Facebook and Twitter but there are plenty of others i tried and didn't like. Remember Friendster?
* Red Fuzzy Daisy
Pete bought me an A5 Moleskine sketchbook for my birthday. I'm having the new sketchbook nerves about what to draw in it as it's such a lovely sketchbook. I've always wanted a Moleskine, so don't want to fill with just anything. I need to think of a project I could do or theme. Ideas are welcome!
As I have wrote, so mote it be!
Comment: I hope it will be good for them.
*Cough* *Cough* "Damn this place is dusty......"
Mia and Frida, both in their thirties, meet each other for the first time at their parents’ engagement party. Mia’s father, Lasse, is about to get married to Frida’s mother, Elizabeth (Lena Endre), which will make Mia and Frida stepsisters. Lasse’s daughter, Mia, has not visited her father in years and arrives with her boyfriend, with whom she is about to get married. As Mia and Frida get to know one another, strong emotions begin to stir between them. Their relationship will turn everything upside down for everyone close to them with dramatic consequences.
DID YOU HEAR THAT PEOPLE?!?!? She sings. In. Church.
Sir John Betjemen's Rocket
I’m a storyteller. I try to tell stories sensitively, humanely. You have to ask yourself what your motives are. Are you doing what you’re doing to inform people, to bring about change? Or is your primary goal to win awards and sensationalize? When picture-taking becomes part of a voyeuristic exercise and commodity, then it is a problem. When people fly into another country thousands of miles away, take photos and leave, it’s a problem. They don’t know enough about the language, the political and cultural sensibilities, and often there’s a pre-determined editorial point of view that the photographer is only supporting, unlike a local photographer, who is answerable to the community. The farmer in the paddy field knows the most about the situation. The local photographer knows something about the situation. The person who knows the least is the picture editor in New York. But the photo editor gets the most say, and the farmer has zero say, in how the story is told.
The demo opens with a helicopter battle as you man a turret zooming through the city with buildings whizzing by and enemy choppers trying to take you down. It’s pretty exciting stuff as you’ll see helicopters crashing and slow motion close calls when finally a massive sandstorm forces you down.
When you meditate or abide in your quiet times of communion, you do not charge in and do something, like saying, “I will now be good and move mountains by an act of faith.” No, you water your garden, knowing that these ideas are growing into a heavenly garden, the indwelling spirit doeth the work, not you: you merely water it. Do you not see the comfort there is in that? I can tell you in primer language that a very gentle, calm, unemotional, selfless, and patient attitude toward your spiritual growth is essential – such as all old gardeners know. They know that patience, hoeing, watering, and a certain order, a quiet rhythm, bring to birth a heavenly beauty.
The way they are often presented, though, is on a par with suggesting that only eating four portions of fruit and veg a day will inevitably lead to contracting scurvy. It also results in skewed priorities in public policy, with health campaigns often giving the impression of trying to make responsible people drinking 30 or 40 units a week feel guilty, while in effect washing their hands of those drinking at genuinely dangerous levels.
I also got these fairies.
What you’ll need: a sock you don’t mind cutting a hole in (and should be close to your hair color, I’m lucky that with my light hair I could get away with a plain old white sock), a regular size and smaller size ponytail holder, bobby pins
I'm the sporty one of the Lancelots. He may disagree but hands down, I win. I got him into running and to quit smoking (officially) and now he eats green vegetables. Aren't I the life-changer?
she plays it
Boston has done so 13 times this past regular season, and was 8-5 SU and 7-6 ATS in those games. With this one taking place at Philips Arena in Atlanta, the important thing to note is the Celtics were 3-3 both SU and ATS without Rondo and with a suitcase in hand.
If you are now in God’s presence, then how then can you not be changed? We are just coming from the Easter season and into a different time, but we need to stay mindful of the miracles that Christ performed and be thankful daily for the sacrifices that He made. Basically, we need to be just like Him, and by nature we need to live every day like it may be our last. We need to start living like we were dying. Not sure how to do that? Well, here is a few examples to chew on and see how they feel to you. Give to a charity, support a child abroad, go and serve in the community, give without thinking, and step out of your comfort zone to make a difference with as many people as you can. Go do the Lord’s bidding – no matter what that entails. Remember that His way is perfect, and yours is not. This is as hard of a statement to accept as any that you will try to pursue in your faith, but God has made the rewards so worthy of this challenge. Now, as I think about my family, and the small contributions that we make, we do a lot on that list. We would never have done things like we have done in the last year – including trying to support a child overseas.* There was only one thing that I have not seen enough out of us on that list, and that would be giving without thinking. But some recent events have transpired that is making that a reality for us, and we are happily moving foreward.
I often feel that thinking about autism using different terms is useful. One of the easiest analogies to understand is racism - so I guess that this is the first group that I'm going to insult (sorry).
Not as easy to capture
RahMahMercy (quit before the National Poetry Slam)
Also, I was in a science fair yesterday. Someone say embarrassing. Okay, so it was in a town not half an hour away from where I live, and the mayor of that town was there to hand out the certificates of participation. So, he was walking around and looking at everyone’s projects, and he liked the graphs I made, they were just little things I threw together in Microsoft Word, and when he calls my name to give me my certificate, he says real loud for the entire library: “HEY! You’re the girl whose graphs I liked!”
Recollections -Assorted Glittery Adhesive Embellishments
I am grateful for my family. Especially grateful as I see a sick friend who never married or had children and might not have that opportunity in this life.
The Style Compass covers over fifty designers, artists, photographers, architects, fashion visionaries - true creative mavens. It shares their look, vibe and (most importantly) a glimpse into their favorite things and inspiration - or "where their style compass is pointing to" I love seeing these icons share their style.
To prepare zucchini, cut a strip off of one side to make a flat base.
This evening of mouthgasmic proportions will take place at the Ranger Creek Brewing and Distilling facility (4834 Whirlwind Dr. Ste 102, San Antonio, TX 78217) on January 22 at 6 pm. The cost is $35 per person and is open to anyone wanting to have a mouthgasm, or learn more about beer and food pairing. To RSVP, contact Jennifer Litz- jennifer@girlspintout.com. 30 spots available, so RSVP today!
This new job would provide a better work environment with less stress, in an office with people he knows and likes. But now we must decide whether or not giving up insurance is worth the risk to have more money in our pockets (without taking the insurance) and a better work environment. We may be able to qualify for some prescription programs through pharmaceutical companies and with samples from our doctors, we may make it through in regards to medication. The doctors appointment would be expensive, but may be less out of pocket than paying for insurance on top of a deductible and copay.
Having health insurance in Germany is compulsory for residents. The country has a public health plan, but there are also private insurance options. There are rules stipulating how much you have to pay for the public insurance, and some select doctors only take privately insured patients.
Tomorrow I'll be talking about recommended books-- but this time, books that were recommended to me frequently in 2011.
September 18 – Shrimp & Grits 5K, Jekyll Island, GA 32:35
Titles
BEIJING: A top Chinese official has sided with a Chinese firm involved in a legal battle with Apple over the iPad trademark, suggesting the US giant could lose the right to use the iconic name in China.
Tomorrow I start going in for my weekly non-stress tests on Abby.
I mentioned previously that I have a job in the "real world" in which I plan a conference.
We are having a ball and are so proud of it.
Funny chipmunk smile with squished eyes?? - FREE
Well, me, obviously. At less than £300 in EBC’s September sale, I couldn’t resist the ‘bargain’. And at that price, as with all things, you get what you pay for. The frame, saddle and bars are comfortable enough with no obvious issues and the brakes provide stopping power enough even in heavy rain. They’re not up there with Magura hydraulic rim brakes on my Giant, but even so they inspire confidence. I’ve fitted a conventional rear luggage rack without too much difficultly and a set of SKS Raceblade XL mudguards which attach to the forks and stays with rubber straps and do a competent job of keeping down the road spray. I fitted my own Shimano combination flat and SPD pedals to get the best of both worlds. Although the bike is only used for short commutes of around 5 miles each way, it feels fast, comfortable and handles well. I can keep pace with other road bikes without feeling I’ve sacrificed too much.
Hopeful indeed.
Manchester post-punk band, initially active between 1979 and 1989, who recorded for labels including New Hormones and Factory.
-If they continue to perform at a high level, this win provides a road map for Reggie Wayne, Jeff Saturday and Dwight Freeney to the Hall; it also opens the door a crack for Tarik Glenn, Dallas Clark and Bob Sanders. Kind of like the difference between the Cowboys and Bills of the 90s. Without this win, it's only Harrison & Manning who get in. All because of one game.
6) Contact your vendor and schedule the work ASAP. What you don’t know is that Public Safety for your state may be targeting certain dates. These dates will mean a lot of radio shops will be tied up. YOU NEED TO GET ON THE SCHEDULE, before it’s too late.
(and I forgot to label his Grizzly Adams beard. That rocks too!)
Why do we perceive?
‘If you fall out of that swing and break your neck, you’re not going to the store with me.’
I could feel the difference in the dough, an hour later. It definitely felt more pliable. Divide the dough into six pieces-- then ask for help. My husband did a great job-- each piece was divided into three pieces, again. Then he rolled it and cut them into small pieces. You want to sprinkle flour before cutting each piece.
Apple Pear Sauce (4-6 servings)
«You don't got nothing to do with your life. Why don't you get a job? Work with lepers. Blind kids. Anything's gotta be better than lying around all day waiting for me to fuck you.»
12 Afterward Jesus appeared in a different form to two of them while they were walking in the country. 13 He told them that it didn't matter if they had to miss worship for things like sleeping in, sports events, or going to a movie. Worship and community were just suggestions, and not all that important, really, to the living out of their faith. In fact, he wasn't sure why he ever bothered to mention them at all.
our own rainbow
‘I am gonna get it while I can’ he reportedly said, referring to the sex demand.
But it wasn't such a surprise either.
When the Cheesemaster finally kicked the bucket, I bought a Yamaha (DJX?). I had learned of the greatness of this keyboard while recording with the Steamtrain at Slaughter House Studios. "That's the best cheap synth you can get." I was told. Ken still uses this keyboard now for shows by the Fawns since I used it for so many of the sounds on the albums. The display is broken, only half of it appears so you can't really tell what number you're set at, but it still plays those goofy noises.
Today's situation is not to be underestimated, but not nearly as dire as it might seem. In many ways, Israel's position is far more secure and superior than it was then.
Here are a few zine templates, to illustrate: Once your zine is finished, head to the photocopier. For small-scale zines, photocopying is usually the most economical way to go. Some machines can collate your copies for you; otherwise, you’ll have to collate by hand. After making your copies, you can fold and staple (or use other binding methods). Then you’re ready to distribute your zine!
Q Does that include distributing ROM passes at all Toronto library branches rather than just a few of them?
I feel lucky that I have had nearly two years of retirement after 43 years of planning for it.
2 - Borrow money from pessimists -- they don't expect it back.
Queens of the Stone Age: In My Head
On the topic of minimizing iffy news about the media’s Messiah; did you know Malia and what’shername—Obama’s other precious progeny—will be attending a private school at the cost of 30 grand a pop, per year. “Mayor Adrian M. Fenty of Washington strongly lobbied the Obamas to consider a public school, but that was apparently never an option,” reports the NYT. A man of the people is our Prince. What’s good for average Joe’s goose is clearly no good for Obama’s gander.
“He said I like the way he looks,” Lewis Schaffer continued, “because, in this country, you never trust a man who wears new clothes – because he’s trying too hard.”
He was immediately charged with aggravated assault, and criminal possession of a weapon, and thrown in jail with a $40,000.00 bail. Now, even after the facts of the case, the two women have yet to be charged with anything beyond menacing and criminal mischief.
The winner will be announced via That’s It! Creative Services Facebook Fanpage so make sure you continue following the page.
A love-struck Romeo sings the streets a serenade
Length: Full Length (178 pgs)
Anna Fedeles (Editor - Bars)
‘Your mother said I should go to church with her,’ I shook my head. ‘I told her it wouldn’t feel right, me being and unbeliever and all that. She looked me straight in the eye and said that you believed and that should be enough for me.’ I sighed and picked at my fingernails. ‘I keep ending up in situations where I need you to speak for me.’ I looked at my watch. ‘I told her I’d think about it. Right, love, visiting hours are done so I’m gonna go home and have the rest of that pie from lunch and I’ll be back first thing in the morning.’ I kissed your ice cold forehead and headed out the door, popping my head in the room next door to say goodbye. The sleeping man was there but the husband had already left. I’d see him tomorrow then.
Ok, ok, I can deal with that. And, superficially, it makes me feel less of a glutton. One piece of pie, and one bar...:)
1c. Brown Sugar
First Place: Angelle lost 11.6% of her body weight
MLF has a lot of different ways you can get involved. For one, they are hoping to establish Leadership Council’s throughout the United States. These are groups of people who try to spread the word about who Micro Loans is, what they do, and try to raise some money in the process. For example, Jen has organized several Micro-Brew events in her area, which sound like an awesome idea! They could also use some volunteer hours from anyone with social media skills, marketing, PR, grant writing, design, etc. These are all things that can be done remotely from the comfort of your own home :)
Hockey puck – 3 inches
Stark concludes that “The claim that religion must soon disappear as the world becomes more modern is nothing but wishful thinking on the part of academic atheists. Religion is thriving, perhaps as never before. More than forty percent of the people on Earth today are Christians and their number is growing more rapidly than that of any other major faith.”
Blest with victory and peace, may the heav’n rescued
An article2 written for a different purpose provides support for Baumeister’s ideas. This article dealt with awareness. This topic is important in the context of trying to diagnose patients in a vegetative or minimally conscious state. Misdiagnosis rates here can be as high as 40 percent. A neural correlate for consciousness is much needed. For many years theorists thought that the prefrontal cortex was key and that neural thoughts that reached this area emerged from unconscious obscurity into awareness. However, new research supports the notion that consciousness is a conversation rather than a revelation, and that no single brain structure leads the dialogue.
Ugh MAC Show Orchid needs to be added to the permanent line. It's a lovely brightass pink with a blue sheen and I'm convinced it could work on almost everybody. Here I'm wearing MAC Show Orchid Lipstick over NYX Hot Pink Lipliner and Etude House Fresh Cherry Tint in #2 Pink. The cheeks are MAC Dollymix softened with the Clio Professional Art Highlighter in #2 Soft Pink.
The scent of sagebrush.
For today's card, I also wanted to challenge myself to use a gender neutral color palette. Of course, I still love my pink and blue for baby cards, but today I went a different route. I hope you'll like the result - I sure do…
What inspired you to become a children's/YA book editor and how did you prepare for this career?
The huge number of applications for the 7,978 Build-to-Order (BTO) and balance flats released a week ago has exceeded supply by over three times. Applications reached about 26,350 a few hours before closing yesterday.
I felt that no boy should have to depend either for his leg or his life upon the ability of parents to raise enough money. I came to believe that people should be able to get...health services irrespective of their individual capacity to pay.Tommy Douglas, father of Medicare, Canada's National Health Insurance systemPopulation 32,000,000
Anyone would be lucky to find a comparable hotel room for under $300.
The sand at her feet was created by sponging Antique Linen and Old Paper Distress ink, them I went back and dabbled Antique Linen and Scattered Straw Distress Stickles, to give it a little more dimension. I cut some clouds and masked them to create the cloud-like background. The side panel was embossed with Ossie Dots embossing folder. Which I love and I wish I you could see it better, but they are huge dots. My new embossing folder.
"It is pretty tacky for girls to go around pushing other girls to try to turn guys on,'' she said.
What favorites of yours did I leave off?
The long-sleeve sleepsack is what we have and love, but CastleWare’s product offerings don’t stop there. There is an entire line of baby clothing from pants, tops and other sleepwear along with accessories including receiving blankets, sheets, washcloths, hats and booties. Three cheers for a beautiful company making absolutely stunning organic baby clothing and gear. Hands down one of my best finds so far!
I started to paint the face. I had good reference for the light on her face so I used it.
I think what is crucial and what NEEDS to be taught from a young age.
I'm a very patriotic person, not a racist. I have no problem with a person's skin colour, just Muslim Extremism that threatens this great country of ours and other countries throughout the civilised world. People often say that this world and country is getting worse and yet very few people actually bother to sit down and reflect on why. Take time out and look at all the Political Correctness, Liberalism and Human Rights groups that have sprung up over the last 50yrs and notice the decline in society to go alongside it!
I picked up some of my long-forgotten clothes from my friend's flat this week - loads of Ted clothing and accessories (think Edwardian style cameo brooches, and western bolo and crossover ribbon ties), some original, some reproduction - I can't wait to wear it all again!
As Tennessee returns to form, the SEC west will remain the most dominant corner in college football.
I also received the Shineblast LipGloss to try. I was very pleased with the applicator in this product. It makes applying the gloss really easy. It makes my lips shiny and not sticky. It gives only a very subtle hint of color that doesn't compete with the eye shadow. Both products go well together.
remember me
REM Orange crush US
Here from the same factcheck.org website byline date 2010:
The judge said: "These acts occurred on dozens and dozens of occasions, probably running into three figures."
Now take all your worldly knowledge about romantic comedies and throw it out the window because Yankee-kun to Megane-chan is anything but your typical romantic comedy! Called Flunk Punk Rumble in the USA it is the story of Daichi Shinagawa, the school delinquent, and Hana Adachi, the class representative, an unlikely pair that will have you falling out of your chair with laughter as they make new friends, run for student council, and get involved in various sticky situations.
Osprey books specially are aimed at the wargaming public. You´ll find them more than appropriate:
The t-shirts are available in both polo shirts and round neck t-shirts and are red or black in colour. This new line of merchandise will be on display at all our gigs, starting from The New Barrack Tavern on 7th April.
That is me and my rampant imagination. The best horror is when you set somebody in the scene, transport them with your description into a regular ordinary place and have extraordinary and horrific things occur.
If you want your ridiculous thoughts, moments, or questions read live on the air, text them to me at 69-923. Thanks for reading… see ya next week! -@LateNightBuster
This is a serious question,one that is debated by millions of people. I myself have been in this debate over hunting many times.
This summer author Becky Wade makes her CBA debut with a fun -- and funny -- contemporary romance. Amidst the light-hearted banter and laugh-out-loud moments is a compelling spiritual journey of one woman's choice to listen to God and wait on him. Filled with humor and authentic romance, My Stubborn Heart is shaping up to be the hit of the summer.
Out of that, uh, a lot of close calls, I managed to get a lot of medical supplies, medical equipment, that you might not normally have. Like, we had oxygen. We had an electronic stethoscope that gave a tape readout, so you could tell how many heartbeats…we had adrenaline shots. We had all kinds of stuff…adrenaline shots to bring you through when you OD’d.
I used to be completely imbedded in the comic book world. Every Wednesday i would be at the comic shop grab the new weekly titles. Over time, money issue arose and quite simply, I grew tired of the path the mainstream comic were taking. At first the title were more grown up and really intriguing. It felt that as I got older, so did the content. I didn’t have to change titles: Batman became darker, Superman more nuanced, X-Men more metaphysical. But those glory days weren’t selling. Comic book companies quickly adopted the idea of epic events, where nearly every title affected the core story. You didn’t have to read everything (but you kinda did). So I stopped buying. It was hard but it had to be done. However, I did not stop reading and buying independent comics. Indie comics are to the mainstream books as indie film is to blockbuster films. They are an alternative that offers more than just popcorn entertainment.
Priority number one, get the motorcycles and mopeds off the sidewalk. Step two, remove car and truck parking on sidewalks. Then remove cyclists from sidewalks. Follow the Paris lead.
Left Unity, and the wider Democracy Alliance, in PCS and the United Left in UNITE have both been able, by bringing activists together, to ensure that their unions offer positive leadership to members and put the interests of ordinary workers first. There is a lesson in this for UNISON activists both within and beyond the ranks of the United Left.
There are certain websites that shall remain nameless in which people log on anonymously and say very demeaning things about women and each other. I wouldn’t say that I feel shame but I’m really not a big fan of those. Or of people being mean in general.
2.LUNGFISH "Friend to Friend in Endtime"
With that, my horoscope said just today, “Everyone, in their own special way, is weird — and that certainly includes you! It’s high time for you to admit to it. Trying to fit in with whatever you think is ‘normal’ will only be a pointless waste of time. What you really need to do is embrace your idiosyncrasies. Don’t shy away from feeling odd or out of place. Because not being like everyone else is what makes you unique. No one else has the irresistible combination of sense and nonsense that you have. Celebrate it!”
These new products have been developed in response to lighting provisions in the Energy Independence and Security Act passed by Congress in 2007. The lighting industry hasn’t experienced this much activity since the development of the incandescent bulb over 125 years ago.
The antics, insanity, and waste that continues to emanate from the American political class seems to keep coming to us on an almost daily basis. You eventually start to wonder how any level of government can function in this country, given how poorly it is run by our politicians. It also makes you wonder how much our taxes could be lowered, our lives made better, and our future improved if only we could only get people into office who had just a little bit of common sense.
Along the way, there were little windows that allowed us to peek at the scenery and also a few "balconies" that led to dug in caves/prayer centers. It was so amazing to see the frescos that still remained on the walls. There were even little 'shelves' built into the (domed) caves - we were told that some of the monks used to sit on the shelves for their meditation and prayer. No easy feat given that some of them were less than two feet wide!
by Ruchi Ray, Intern, Leap Learning Systems
I like the way the colours mixed, but honestly, I'm tempted to frog the whole thing.
So there you have it. The truth. The hard, cold, awful truth. Right here, in black and white.
If you want to feel old and young simultaneously, to stand at the gateway of a parallel dimension you never knew existed, to test the limits of your frames-per-second visual tolerance, you should watch this and share with friends. The Japanese seem to accelerate and synthesize our collective pathology into their own, realizing a hyperdrive pop-culture mix-up that tantalizes, repulses, and ultimately redefines what is cool.
“The bill in its current form does take us back to pre-1994,” said Elston Sippie, executive director of the country’s Freedom of Expression Institute, referring to the year South Africa became a democracy. “I do think it is a setback in that we fought hard and long to get our bill of rights accepted amongst all South Africans. And it is that bill of rights that is now under threat.”
I have one writer friend who suggested once we should have a writers' exchange of family stories so that those who used them in novels would not be identifiable as sources by said families. We haven't done it but it's an interesting idea.
Watering earth with their bitter tears,
“Firstly, it is an affront to the longhouse culture of welcoming any person notwithstanding backgrounds, race, religion and political affiliation.
At least, that’s how I feel when I hear those words. Maybe they say it to make me feel normal. Maybe clumping our kids together makes understanding autism a little easier for them. Whatever the reason is, I know it’s not all kids. And when it comes to potty training – it certainly isn’t like all kids.
Good Morning all!!!!
Period: Cenozoic Era, Oligocene Epoch
I also pitched another rather interesting project to BL that was accepted, so there's that to start on as well. In related news, as of this week I've managed to successfully submit to pretty much every short fiction market I wanted to for 2012. Now, granted, not all of those submissions will make it out of the slush-arena, but still...little goals get you through the day.
Tomorrow I will work out……
Good Morning Everyone~ Happy Friday, Happy 11-11-11 (love that) and of course, Happy Veteran's Day!!! Thanks you to all the service men and women who make such great sacrifices so we can enjoy living in this wonderful place!!!
And lastly these chick boxes which my kids just love. I'll have to give them one each for Easter or I'll be in trouble. These were an idea I cased from Tammy Beaver.
TWO THROUGH AND EXTENSIVE publications from the Center for Science in the Public Interest on the health effects of food dyes:
This makes enough for a 9x13 dish
3) The evil love of and anxiety over money and possessions for His caring provision - Concerns over material possessions can choke out the life in our hearts (Matthew 13:22). The results are devastating. ”For what will it profit a man if he gains the whole world and forfeits his soul? Or what will a man give in exchange for his soul?” (Matthew 16:26). In the Sermon on the Mount, He told them that the unbelieving world eagerly seeks and worries about such things as food, shelter & clothing. But His followers are to “seek first His kingdom and His righteousness. and all these things shall be added to you” (Matthew 6:33). Though suffering for Christ is inevitable, the disciple will be cared for and honored by Christ. ”He will receive a hundred times as much now in the present age, houses and brothers and sisters and mothers and children and farms, along with persecutions; and in the age to come, eternal life” (Mark 10:30). Indeed, in His Father’s house are many dwelling places, and He has gone “to prepare a place for you” (John 14:2).
When you’re passionate about something, no matter what you do, you’ll always find a way to keep your heart close to it. This I’ve just experienced with architecture. I thought quitting my job to do a RTW would separate me from my profession, but now I’m more active, more related, more thoughtful, and more passionate about it than I had even been while working at an office.
As I know I’ve said before, I love music! All kinds, genres, moods, whatever. The music that I play to cheer me up can range from moody and mellow like Over the Rhine to poppy (I just wrote poopy, who’s been in elementary school too long) and amped up like Lady GaGa, Adele (not really poppy or amped, but whatev), the Beatles, or Broadway musicals.
“They tried their incompetent best to care for the penguin,” Mr Potts said but in reality carelessly releasing a penguin to foreign waters in nearby Broadwater where it was clearly at risk of being eaten and not returning it home to Seaworld was in my mind a selfish,careless act.The bird was later rescued and returned to Sea World, safe and well.
For the past few years I have made Irish Car Bomb Cupcakes for a friends St. Patrick's Day party. If I must say so myself, they are always a hit. Whats not to like? Guinness Stout and Chocolate Cupcake? Yum.... Irish Whiskey Ganache Filling? More Yum.... Irish Cream Buttercream Frosting? Stop. Drool. I can't go on....
Yes, really. They’d booked him in for the Snip.
You might have heard that I look like an arthritic tin man whose been left out in the rain (without the benefit of beaucoup amounts of WD-40 sprayed on his joints) while I dance…an arthritic and rusty tin man with a curious lack of rhythm.
What struck me about this commercial though -- and it might be harder to see on the YouTube clip than it is on TV -- is the James Spader lookalike to the right of the screen who has just taken a sip of his Bud Light and proclaims "Man, that's good." See below.
That’s why it feels good to get fucked up the ass or good to get choked by a dick. Our very nature dictates that we flee from it, yet when we turn to it for comfort it becomes something else entirely. What if pain and pleasure are the same thing, but we are just too stupid to know it?
OK, it is a simple process, once you’ve got the chickens back in the coop!
Jonna Barnett Music - for detail type work I always listen more instrumental type pieces, softer, mellow. To get something started I usually listen to something that has more energy, makes me want to move and I just slap the paint onto the canvas.
However, the British Empire still wished to colonize the Boers, and in 1843 annexed Natal. After a few skirmishes with the British, the Boers once again packed up their belongings and left Natal, leaving behind only a small number in Northern Natal.
Abby from Manx Mnews said something about wishing it was like Star Trek where they wave a little thing over you and know immediately know what's wrong. Yes, oh boy yes do I wish it was like that!And then they give you a little zap with a needless hypospray shot thing and boom you're all better! The big surprise for me, I think, was to see another Star Trek fan in the kitty world?
Notice has gone out to affilated members, and volunteers that our first AGM is due to be held on Tuesday 15th May, at a venue in New Cross Gate – booked from 6.30pm for a 7pm start.
Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has gone, the new has come!
And so we circle back to being grateful for everything. I am truly grateful for everything, the good, the horrible, and that middle ground we tend to ignore. Like most, I learn best from my mistakes and poor choices. Today, I am grateful for all of those mistakes, unfortunate life experiences, and bad choices, for if I had not had them, I would not be who I am today. Embrace your mistakes and bad choices and see just how far they’ve brought you!
I started fixing my pictures when I was in high school but got really serious into it in 2004 after the birth of my 2nd daughter. I lean towards clean and simple scrapping with strong journaling. I scrap as a way of communicating to my loved ones. Nothing is more fulfilling than a hug and an appreciated word from a loved one who has just read my layout's journaling. Scrapping is my form of relaxation after a busy day. I love the creative process --- choosing papers, looking for the right embellishments, thinking of my journaling. I am SOO addicted that I think of journaling and layouts in the shower, while breastfeeding, before sleeping, while changing diapers, while cooking, and in almost every spare time I have. I scrapbook because it is how I am able to express my love for my husband and children. I scrapbook because I am a storyteller and I love telling the stories of my children.
JA: I think it has to do with childhood fantasies. When I was a kid, I loved wolves and running out in nature, so werewolves have always been fascinating to me. A lot of kids love swimming and ocean animals like dolphins, seahorses, and starfish. Mermaids are these semi-human beings who get to swim all day with those animals. How cool would that be! Plus, mermaids are usually portrayed as very beautiful.
Hello faithful readers, I have returned!
So as soon as the stores opened up downtown, Daddy, having walked into town very early, was at the door of Thom McAn's shoe store to speak with the manager. This was the one and only store our family shopped for our shoe needs. Having very little money himself, Dad told his story about this family and persuaded the manager to donate shoes for the three children and the mother he had found living in such a deplorable condition. The father was shod already. Getting them shoes was a good start but more was needed.
Greetings, tiny corner of cyberspace!
You have discovered a love of books and reading :) It is so precious to watch you take board books out of your book basket and turn the pages. Sometimes you identify cars, butterflies, and your favorite characters. You were a little confused why the bear's name is Pooh since that's what's in your diaper... but you seem to have accepted it and just enjoy the books regardless of the weird names :) Your favorite books right now are lift the flap books and the Nicholas the Bunny book (you love pointing out the different things on the pages - flowers, butterflies, frogs, strawberries, leaves, etc.) and laugh when I blow air on your head when we read the page about Nicholas blowing the dandilion seeds into the air :)
or did I? Let’s try using commas–
Yet another “good faith” warrantless GPS tracking case, this time in California, has come before a judge. This time, fire investigators collected evidence from a suspected arsonist using a GPS tracking device which they affixed to the suspect’s vehicle. Now Jonathan Griffin, his defense attorney, is attempting to have all evidence gathered via the tracking device suppressed in the case against Jairo Perkins-Grubbs.
Husband monthly income - £1800 (TAKE HOME - £1350)
Someone from the facility called my brother, our family's designated contact, right away. He called another brother, and each posted a "rest in peace" message on Facebook. At about 9:30, as I was just getting up, a childhood friend saw one of the Facebook posts and called her 99-year-old mother (once my Mom's best friend), who called me. She said something about my Dad finding peace and what a nice man he always was, and I said thanks. I knew that she knew he was dying; that's how I took her message. Then I looked at Facebook. "Rest in peace, Robert F. Peterson" would seem fairly unambiguous. But it took a couple of calls before I could reach a brother who confirmed that Dad had died. It's only a tiny part of the story, but it's a comment on our times. When he got bad news in the middle of the night, my brother turned to Facebook to make a quick declaration of his feelings.And because Facebook really is a network, a friend called her mom, who called me. I can marvel over that, and even be amused by it, and it doesn't have any impact on the bigger story, the fact that my dad, who never expected to live to age 65, has died peacefully at 95 in a setting where he was loved and supported and so were we all.
Current Weight: 12st 8.6lb - 176.6lbs
Written: Thursday, May 3, 2012
As soon as possible, call and file a claim with your insurance company.
Mr. Jindal made school reform a second-term priority after winning a landslide re-election last November. By then he had appointed or helped elect reformers to the state superintendent’s office and board of education.
After the first spin I wasn't sure what to make of this recording. But like most creative things in life, art creatures born worthy of any one's time must be spent with eyes wide shut. In other words. Free your mind and your ears will follow. Set the controls for that dark place in the back of the mind. No rules. Just authentic original music that seems to be a natural extension of something real. Monsters, demons, angels and lovers. Like I said. I can't quite put my finger on it. This recording is creatively faultless. It's not trying to be anything. And just like the drum mix, this project called FULL OF, is slightly tilted to the left.
2 tbsp yogurt-mint dip(2 tsp coriander, 1 tsp mint leaves,1/2 tsp lemon juice,1 green chilli,salt...blend it with little water and then mix with yogurt)
Glenn Hughes sings "Get Ready" (note brief intro featuring Vincent Price):
We have been truly overwhelmed by the interest and wonderful support from fellow bloggers for this new blog and now the time has come for you to show us your wonderful creations.
The Moral of the Story - The professor waited for the laughter to subside….
Maybe my migraine brain (like maxabella) is telling me to stop juggling so many balls and pare my life back to fewer jobs. Time to get rid of some of the useless clutter, like, maybe the old parrot, who is still sitting in the corner of our garage.
***That’s three.
Animal sex abuse is on the rise in Germany, with bestiality brothels being set up across the country, according to a state animal protection officer demanding stronger laws to protect mankind’s furry and feathered friends.
Sam Raimi (Evil Dead 2, Spiderman and the sequels for both) brought the work-in-progress to a exceedingly receptive audience at this midnight show. After the blockbusters of Spiderman 1-3, I suppose he has the funds and a burning need to get back to his roots in low-budget, horror/comedy. Thanks be that he still has the chops for it. My expectations were middlin', Raimi & Company exceeded them handily.
The DHS document also lists concerns such as “climate change” and “melting Arctic ice,” despite recent reports confirming that the amount of floating ice in the Arctic’s Bering Sea “reached all-time record high levels last month,” according to the US National Snow and Ice Data Center. Then again, liberals never let facts or data get in the way of “securing the nation” according to their agendas, do they?
11:00: Best. Movie. Ever.
And I'm bored as fuck.
lonesome tonight
they keep their position impeccably
Miramonte Elementary School teachers who were removed from their classrooms during the investigation into two teachers arrested for misconduct, will speak publicly on Thursday, after nearly three months of silence.
This, I think, is the easiest of these issues to deal with. Really folks, aren’t ‘gays’ human too? Aren’t they just as deserving of ‘human rights’ as anyone else? And none of that ‘but it’s not natural’ crap. As any self-respecting scientist will tell you, ‘unnatural acts’ are impossible by definition. Now walking through the air from rooftop to rooftop would be an unnatural act! Are you, whom I assume want to be considered rational, really willing to admit that that you’ve gotten all bent out of shape over things that don’t even exist? Perhaps you think that ‘science is just another tool of Satan being used to trick us into doing evil.’ Well something is doing the trick alright, but perhaps we should look a little closer to home in our search for the villain. The fact is that homosexuals, bisexuals, and gender bending have always existed, and not just amongst us humans. Get over it!
Until then, I’ll be ignoring any calls or demands from B (they don’t come from her number anymore at this point anyway…which is typical in these situations). I’m convinced that the only reason they called to complain the night before they had to be out was to lay out the groundwork that she “had no idea” she had to move, and all of this “well, I told you…” is pissing me off – I absolutely cannot stand being lied to. We have the upper hand, and we’ll keep it – and hopefully this will be a distant memory in a few months.
(Retired) Master Sgt. Max Beilke, 69, Laurel, Md.
But since a lot of these scenes are dedicated to what’s going on around these two, the film gets to show more scenes with its awesome supporting cast. Chris Pratt (who looks like Patrick Wilson, if he just got back from an all-you-can-eat buffet) is hilarious as Tom’s bro-bro and steals just about every scene he has; and I probably would have liked to see a whole film dedicated to just him and his wife, Suzie, aka Violet’s sister, aka the hilarious and very sexy Alison Brie. Rhys Ifans is pretty slimy but good as Violet’s charismatic supervisor, Winton Childs. And there are so many others here that are worth mentioning but it’s really just such a huge supporting cast that it’s really hard to name them all.
*Not confirmed that this was a NAMA property. The Cosgraves are reportedly a NAMA Top 10 developer but it is not confirmed if the property above was subject to any loan, let alone a loan under NAMA’s control)
And here, we're talking about a crucial service for someone's wedding!
Salman Rushdie won the Booker Prize for Midnight’s Children in 1981. If I recall, I never could get into it all that much and failed to finish the book. Perhaps I should give it another chance.
It has been AGES since I posted and I did go to the sports doc. I have Posterior Tendinitis in my left food. This has been causing the tightness in my ankle and the soreness in my arch. My doctor gave me some stretches and told me I could go have a gait analysis and work with a coach which I chose not to do. To be fair the doctor told me that was totally up to me.
Paul called me into the bathroom one night to look at "these things" on Mary's hair. They looked like tiny sesame seeds attached to each strand of hair. I went straight to the computer, did a google image search for "lice eggs" and then promptly drove to CVS for a lice treatment kit. We never found any actual lice, but where there are eggs ... there have been and will be lice. Sick, sick, sick.
I started noticing bizarrities of shoe imagery on my wanderings within the web, and either posted links to her or set them up here.
The first book on the top prime row is “The Stone” by David Welden. According to the synopsis of the book:
I guess the clincher was to be found in this following passge. This was a conversation between Princess Victoria, who had not yet attained the Queenship, and Prince Albert, who had not yet become the Queen’s husband.
DPs: "London Market" by Pink Paislee
I have always been interested in the problem of breech babies,2 having been one myself.
There comes a point in your life when you realize:
Thanks for following along with the GQ vs. Vintage posts. It wasn't really a contest at all and I knew the vintage lot was way better than the two blasters. I didn't set out to seriously compare the two, but I happened to make the purchase at almost the same time and thought it would be interesting to see how the value broke down.
THE TAXICAB FIASCO A.K.A. PEOPLE ACTUALLY DO SUCK
LM: It's a button you push, it says "that was easy." That's ALL I want.
You've heard them from your friends. Here's a couple of my favorites.
Ref: Cover Art of Exhibition of Artifacts & Art of the Dogon Tribes at Paris
Jesus cried out and said,
St. Joseph Cottolengo
Four main crops oil palm, soybeans, sunflower seed and rapeseed are produced by a small number of developing countries, however as their own livestock sectors have developed they must now also import feed to meet demand.
22nd February (Brussels)
Holt again came close to getting on the scoresheet after doing well to get his foot to a cross which was awkwardly behind him, but he still managed to swing his foot around the delivery which drew Hart into a good reaction save.
BLITZER: This question is related from — we got it from Twitter. Speaker Gingrich, how do you plan to create a base on the moon while keeping taxes down in eight years?
In the longer term, BERSIH 2.0 also calls for the EC to implement an automated voter registration system upon eligibility to reduce irregularities.
In the air. KLM do ghastly little fairy cans, while Air France have a reasonable 33cl one. For that matter Air France offer wine (and beer) with breakfast, while KLM give you a slightly dirty look when you ask.
Anyway, another old timer from the neighborhood has been seen making time with sexy lady from the tobacconist shop on the corner. And the lady who sells Gianni his fruit has smiled at him often while flaunting her bust. So, if women are available, why shouldn’t they too enjoy something on the side? This is the question Di Gregorio is asking us to consider.
If you caught 60 Minutes Sunday night, you spent one half hour of your life learning much of what you already knew about sleep deprivation: it can impair your memory, your driving prowess, and your ability to be asked inane questions without choking Leslie Stahl. But guess what else? When a male fruit fly is denied sleep, he spends his time cleaning himself and drinking boxed wine rather than mating.
First, I will talk about Twinkleton! (The blue Glowberry bear!) This cute and cuddly talking blue bear is playful, creative and true and when he makes a friend, he sticks to them like glue!
It is hardly surprising that so many people are angry that Cornwall Council appears able to find monies for certain projects, while it continues to cut services and make staff redundant in this age of austerity.
“When Kids Are Your Guilty Secret” is about my experience knocking back an amazing role in an amazing company because I was worried I couldn’t balance the demands of the company against the demands of family life.
We weren’t disheartened. I discovered getting my hands dirty wasn’t the end of the world. Every day’s labor taught me more about making a garden flourish. I began to experience pleasure in my effort, yes, even when I’d come inside drenched with sweat.
I just feel bad for the woman behind her in the black dress. Someone should have told her to hide the hams under a shawl or something. Bless.
The Aquabats are on TV right now. Noah has discovered a new kids TV show on Nickelodeon, it’s very weird, there are puppets, animation, guys in costumes, kids, and today the Aquabats. It’s pretty strange, I have no idea what it’s called, but it is definitely odd. I kind of like it.
They found the baby dismembered in the bedroom with three of his toes chewed off, his face torn away, his head severed and his brains ripped out. When the cops showed up to the house they found the woman sitting on a couch screaming “I killed my baby!” with a wound to her chest and her throat partially slashed. She ate the babies brain and some of his body parts before stabbing herself.
I started to think about it... and had just complimented a friend on how cute she looked in her bathing suit the other day when I saw the pic on FB... (and she did!) but I feel as though this person with above status is right... we often forget that other people are looking on and we are becoming a stumbling block.
The culture of the church I serve
I don’t really know how the whole process works in other places, but in Venice it really is ridiculously easy to get one of those cards. To me, it’s just so funny and almost too weird to believe it, in Germany they’re so strict about any kind of drugs and here they completely legalized it. In my opinion that’s not partly legalized anymore, because at least in Venice literally anyone (who is a California Resident over the age of 18) can get themselves one of those cards and legally smoke marijuana. And now you know why the streets of Venice are so crowded on a sunday… :P
But that ghostly mass I am no more as renewed desire for life floods my veins, and love engulfs my heart. The dream not only to unleash the artist inside me but to be my own boss has taken years to build and rebuild. I have God and my Angels to thank for the blessings in my life, for the strength to keep the dream alive, and for the courage to open my heart to love and my mind to trust. Because I believed my Angels brought me a precious gift, an answer to a prayer that I could not ignore. I have found my everything, a love who inspires me to be creative and encourages me to follow my dream. The life I once aspired to live has finally come to me.
JUST A NOTE: I show a real candle in my photo, this is just a way to package a candle as a gift. Please DO NOT light a real candle in this lantern. I do have a battery operated tea light that I think would be beautiful to place in this.
Fucking L when she’s on her back looking up at me, when she’s on her belly with one leg raised so I can enter her from behind, and her eyes are closed and her fingers are cupped around one breast.
Most the subjective terms were ideological descriptions. Afterall, the term “conservative” is a badge of honour for someone on the right and an insult for those on the left. “Centrist/Middle of the Road” is to some a sign of balanced thinking and to others a sing of weak compromise. “Socialist” is an almost pointless term in the early 21st century, as it can describe the whole spectrum from Bolshevik to Barack Obama, depending on who you ask. Moreover, a lot of people call themselves “socialist” when they really mean “social democrat.” In other words, their definition is much less severe than the meaning I would ascribe to the term, which would be a heavily nationalized command economy. I even put “Hippie/Radical” in the subjective column because while most people use these terms derisively, there are those who take great pride in such monikers. “Aggressive” and “Idealistic” were included as subjective terms as well because the terms can be either insults or praises depending on who one asks. “Aggressive” conjures up the idea of “mean” for some and “strong-willed” for others, and “idealistic” can be regarded as both “principled dreamer” and “naive know-nothing.”
Q. Quote from a movie: Pretty much anything from Office Space, Anchorman, 40 year old virgin, or the Hangover. I even made a baby version of the Tiger Song from Hangover for little Emmett. It goes like this:
My professions, my imaginations, my conceptions, how will ye all be when the judgment day shall gleam upon you? My profession, how does that look? I have been baptized in Christ professedly, I wear a Christian name, I preach the gospel, I am a Church officer or a Church member, how will all this bear the light of that tremendous day? When I am put in the scales and weighed, shall I be the weight that I am labelled? In that dreadful day shall I see the handwriting on the wall, “Mene, Tekel, Upharsin”—“Thou art weighed in the balances, and found wanting”? or shall I hear the gracious sentence which shall pronounce me saved in Jesus Christ?
If you’re out to actually get drunk, this thing isn’t going to do you any good.
Terence Fisher’s last film, and Peter Cushing’s last turn as Victor Frankenstein, now calling himself Dr. Carl Victor, having used up every last syllable of his name in his previous pseudonyms. Remember how there’s always a character called Karl? Now Frankenstein himself has fulfilled his destiny by becoming that Karl.
Cover and cook on HIGH for 2 hours, or until the chicken is very tender.
The episode in question concerned the stalking of a family living alone in the American wilds a century or so ago by a mystifying but greatly-feared beast of such rapacious, belligerent, yet elusive nature that it was referred to superstitiously by the local native American people as a devil (a name that, as far as I could recall, also featured in the title of this episode). They also called it by another, more exotic-sounding name, and, as in all the best suspense movies, the creature itself was never seen, until the very end. Instead, the viewer had to be content with savage growls, rustles in the undergrowth, and off-screen activity.
April's book: Maus by Art Spiegelman
Nutritional Guide
Did you all feel like you were in a modern day version of The Emperor's New Clothes? IT'S A BURLAP BAG FOR FUCK'S SAKE! All the "designer" did was attach some suspenders, cut out a sweetheart neck and make a few stitches. I COULD DO THAT. That useless idiot Kelly could do that! Swear to God, I felt like I was watching a Saturday Night Live skit--it was beyond ridiculous.
Thanks for not being work.
“A sheriff! But law and order is the last thing I want. Wait a minute… maybe I could turn this thing into my advantage. If I could find a sheriff who so offends the citizens of Rock Ridge that his very appearance would drive them out of town. But where would I find such a man? Why am I asking you? “
you were my safeguard from a snatch,
Those late-night hours were my time. For a mid-teen in a small town they were a private space; a dark tunnel lit at one end by that television, the tiny portal to a more adult world. It was in those hours that a channel would show ‘real’ movies—the stuff that wasn’t cut, due to content or theme, for impressionable eyes. Some of it was junk, of course; the type of thing a mid-teen boy wants to see for other reasons—but I was curious. Impressionable. I wanted very much to be impressed upon. To be impressed by something. To feel exhilarated.
And, a friend gave me some sanity-retaining advice in regards to th is split. She simply said, “Find the common thread to your life whether the kids are there or not.”
