2. Put the lid on and every 20 seconds or so shake the pan, when you hear the first pop shake more often. Turn the heat down when the strangely fun popping begins and enjoy yourself by watching the mini firework display (if you have a see-through lid of course). Keep shaking it every so often until only a few pops can be heard, take it off the heat and leave to stand for a minute or so, then take off the lid and leave the popcorn to cool.
Create a corner bookmark using the corner cut off an envelope. You can use an envelope from "junk" mail.
There's more ....
Les Savy Fav: Kiss Kiss is Getting Old
My overarching goal was/is to finish editing - on paper - Rome, Rhymes and Risk.
All proceeds raised at the show will support the expansion of the Children's Museum of the Art's free programs for young artists in New York City, including building a new home for the museum in downtown New York City opening in Fall 2011. For more information visit the Facebook page the band has created for the show.
Bring out the coffin, let the mourners come.
* The time the television show host asked if I could minimize the head-bobbing so my chin would stop knocking the microphone.
It's all overwhelming, but like everything else, you just figure it out and do it.
CONTACT: Lizzie L. Evans, Founder and Immediate Past President – UFSC-PS Chapter, Phone: 206-660-9295, E-mail: founder@ufscps.org
9:00 – Radical Sons @ Union Pool Free (21+)
And, as he has often done in his other books, repeatedly, from Friedrich Nietzsche: “I have discovered for myself that the old human and animal life, indeed the entire prehistory and past of all sentient beings, works on, loves on, hates on, thinks on in me.”
March 08 Bar Pink, San Diego CA
The boy and the frog image is High Hopes stamp, coloured with Promarkers. Muddy paper is Color core and I found the designer paper from my stash and a matching lace! 10 buttons from sewing box. Spellbinders number and Glossy Accents. And this is my 100. posted card this year!
"What are you gonna press now?" I ask.
If 50 years from now, future generations could still count on the democratic process to be their guiding principle, no matter how imperfect it may be, then we would have arrived among nations
· The Zahir by Paolo Coehlo
Answer: Yup, it is real and it does happen. It’s just we make it out to be more than it is and in fact worsen the problems we have by making decades of terrible foreign policy decisions based on perpetual war and occupation and more importantly: a total disregard for the human condition. I want to help you understand more but I suppose I don’t really know what you propose as solutions: when is enough enough? Do we continue the same path we have been going on for a long time and expect different results? Isn’t this the definition of insanity? Would it actually hurt to try something new and in my opinion, not as radical as killing and war? Can we stop waging war on an idea and define our goals better? Is it impossible to believe that our government has acted efficiently and managed effectively? Is it impossible to believe that our government waged war for other things other than to suppress global terror? Is waging war on terror worth the kneejerk reaction to suspend our liberties here at home and let the boobs in Washington use the Constitution as toilet paper? Are peace and prosperity truly radical ideas?
Now remove it from the oven and, when it’s completely cold, cover it with clingfilm and chill until needed.
This afternoon the girls and I will be taking Clark to our regular vet for a post-emergency-vet-visit checkup. I really hope they let us take the stupid collar off him.
We were supposed to get picked up by my mom at 11:00, but the concert ended a bit before 10:30, so we called to let her know then wandered off to find a warm place that served food. Sadly, the concert was at a university building, surrounded by other university building, and lots of residential streets beyond that, so finding anywhere to go took lots of walking (in what felt like at least -15c, with lots of ice on the sidewalks, and snow). We discovered that Subway closes early, much to our unhappiness, and the only open coffee shop we saw was packed. We finally bought some food from a grocery store and then headed back to the coffee shop, which had thankfully become less crowded. I should mention why my mom hadn't arrived at this point, and the reason she hadn't was traffic. How can there be awful traffic at past 11:00 at night? She finally arrived at a bit past 11:30, with hot chocolate and chai waiting in the car (I love my mom!), which made our cold selves happy. I was saying later on to Emi how awful it must be to be homeless. Spending an hour outside in the Winter, finding anyplace warm we can to stay, getting suspicious look when we try and hang out in the warm grocery store... Can you imagine knowing that no one was coming to get you?? O_o Emi and I both agreed it made us want to donate large amounts of money to homeless shelters.
Now, the game is very violent and there’s no question about that. The main concern was the interface and way that players interacted particularly with the Wii console. With this console the players use the controls to act out the motions of killing someone in the game, whether it be a stab, a choke, or some other gesture.
Hello! Howya been?
Then one year and out the other,
Peter who was one of the claimed eyewitnesses with James and John reflects on this in 2 Peter about Peter’s own departure – exodus.
GEORGE TOWN: Thousands flocked to Chinese cemeteries in Penang over the weekend to perform their filial duties during the Qing Ming festival.
PROS: Super cheap, easy to put on, soft jersey outer fabric, gentle elastic,
Whoohoo! Hey there my sweet friends!! I am just delighted to tell you that Mary & Andrea over at The Ribbon Girl Blog asked me a couple of months ago if I would consider being a Guest Designer for this month's fabulous color challenge! Well, of course, I all but tripped on my tongue saying YES!! hehehe! And here I am . . . Guest Designing for The Ribbon Girl! How awesome is that?!
“Do you want the bread with that?”
what we’ve got
Due to the Laws of the Universe and college commitments my precious planet has only orbited my solar system quarterly for the last four years and being like a planet in an astrological chart, resides in my house for a short time only to leave again on it's own charted course. I have tried to boldly go where all mothers have gone before with his initial launch in 2006 but with this new mission scheduled for June 2010 I am feeling the void more pronouncedly. It is a new world that is unknown and uncomfortable. I'm afraid my progress has now turned retrograde.
I highly recommend this product.
We have recently made a few changes to this room. So this is not the way it looks now. We always seek to arrange our home in such a way that it will promote family unity. And so it will promote the goals and values we have as a family. But I will share pictures of that later.
The love that I have sent away with the floating clouds, oh oh
We'll have an amazing giveaway every week so make sure to check in Monday's to find out what you can win!
(Ali and Eyeliner-man asking each other intimate questions)
But every good dance band needs a killer bassist. Enter Michally Kaye, a first generation American of Indian-Croatian descent and daughter of a Pentecostal preacher raised Jewish in Minneapolis. After a phone call from Cat, and without even having heard a song, Michally made a leap of faith and rather big move back to NYC to join. Things continued to come together smoothly – with their second ever show opening for The Gossip. By their seventh, they were playing Rory Phillips’ Trash Club in London.
then perhaps there would be some hope
However, the organisers told FMT that Dataran Merdeka can only accommodate up to 70,000 (sitting) and 100,000 (standing).
But it wasn't what I was looking for. Darn it!!
Which post are you proudest of?
For those of you who haven't heard of the Westboro Baptist Church, they're a group of ex alcoholic repressed gay people (probably) who hate everything.
When’s the last time you walked into the Doctor’s office and asked for a Lymphatic check-up or asked for a Lymph support formula at your local supplement retailer?? I’m gonna go out on a limb and say, probably not very recently…what I really mean is, for 99% of people the answer is NEVER!! The problem is, how can anyone really be expected to show concerned for, or lose sleep over something they know almost nothing about!? I’ll be the first to admit, only as of recently have I truly been able to grasp the importance of this intricate system…The Lymphatic System is something you learn about briefly during the Circulatory and/or Immune System chapter’s in Anatomy and Physiology 101, and unless you’re a Pre-Med student that’s the last you really hear of it. Even then I believe it’s importance is grossly ignored among Medical Professionals as a whole…why?? I’m going to let you in on a little secret…if Doctors truly “cured” their patients, they’d be out of a job before they could say, “scamming ain’t easy.” Oh, and another thing, if we properly implemented nutrition and exercise programs to prevent health issues…we’d no long need massive amounts of medications from one of the most highly influential “groups” looming over our Country’s government…Pharmaceutical Companies (aka, Big Pharm…follow the money trail people)! Okay, okay, I digress…my intention for this series on the Lymphatic System has absolutely nothing to do with neither myself nor a political soapbox!
What I found really interesting was the representation of both the British and German soldiers - the only villains from the perspective of a horse are those humans who are outwardly unkind and cruel. When individuals act with compassion and kindness, it doesn't matter to the horse what uniform they are wearing.
Some of you want to argue with me right now and in your minds you are but I say do not argue with me but Jesus who in Matthew 10:37-39 said this: "He who loves father or mother more than Me is not worthy of Me, and he who loves son or daughter more than Me is not worthy of Me. He who does not take his cross and follow after Me is not worthy of Me. He who finds his life will lose it, and he who loses his life for My sake will find it". Nothing and no one should come before God in your life – not your spouse, not your children, no one and if they do – you are wrong according to Jesus!
Of course, this baloney is written by a social media expert so what can you expect? In the course of writing this pap, the guy drags out every cliche in the new age marketing handbook:
Although I told a friend or two, I never told anyone at the University. I thought it wasn’t worth ruining a man’s career over, right? Destroying his life? His reputation?
Highlights:
This is a pointless strawman argument since not even the Tea Party actually claims that taxes are evil or unnecessary (just that tax rates shouldn’t be raised). This kind of rhetoric (which uses such an obvious and basic logical fallacy from no less than a university professor) is detrimental to finding solutions to our economic problems since it attacks political opponents while failing to offer any suggestions. Determining the appropriate tax rates and tax types (income, wealth, sales, etc.) is a very difficult problem which is of course exacerbated by the fact that people disagree with each other and can’t even agree on what “fair share” means. Such a difficult problem requires serious debate and analysis of available economic data, not denunciations of political opponents for engaging in “class warfare” or for being “greedy” or for protecting the “rich” from paying their “fair share” (even if one’s political opponents are behaving irresponsibly).
I think my wife discovered chilaquiles on our honeymoon in Puebla, MX. We were at a hotel that had been a convent back in the colonial period (probably for some really rich nuns because the place was very impressive). They had a great breakfast buffet and we had our choice of different types of the dish almost every morning. While I had never thought much about them before, my wife was so excited, I think she ate them for every breakfast. So of course they show up every once in a while around our house!
SHATTERBURY
Gather up your sea creatures, whatever appeals you.
The two last steps are easy. To attach the fishhook earring, put the fourth crimp bead over the two pieces of wire and pinch it 5 mm from the bow. Cut the two pieces of wire and attach the fishhook earring.
DO: Read as many books in your writing genre as you did. Again, it made you a MUCH better writer.
I really don't have any books that I want to give away, but I do have a book that might work for this hop.
Anyone who leaves the movie theatre before a Marvel movie’s end credits are over is an idiot. There’s always some little nugget of awesomesauce just waiting to delight our senses. In this case we got two of them. The first one shows The Other talking to a mysterious master about the fact that humans are not to be trifled with. They don’t say who this master is but I’m thinking its Thanos. If anyone has another theory I’d like to hear it but I’d bet money that I’m right. The second one has our heroes sitting around eating shawarma just after the battle while the employees clean up debris in the background. No one speaks (although Bruce does start chuckling) and it’s hilarious.
The home page for accesschiropracticcenter.com includes a nice picture of Dr. Muschik, a generic photo of him or somebody yanking on a small child’s hand under the heading “Affordable Family Care”, and some attractive credit card logos. (It’s not clear whether the hand-holding picture is meant to convey a general sense of caring, or represents an actual chiropractic manipulation). The introductory copy says the doctor provides Rock Hill residents with “safe, gentle and effective” chiropractic care, a revision of his earlier business plan for dangerous, rough and permanently paralyzing treatment that didn’t attract too many patients.
Det Con Alyson Bolton, of Strathclyde Police, said: "This was a terrifying attack on this young woman which could have been much worse had she and her friend not bravely fought off this predator. "I would ask anyone who was in the Gordon Street, Hope Street, Wellington Street area of Glasgow city centre on Wednesday morning around the time of the assault to contact me as soon as possible."
“Every member a missionary.” (David O. McKay)
they are alive.
Summit Brewing
"Goodbye to you! Goodbye to You!"
“I wrapped it all,” I said.
natural product that is made using the purest of ingredients.
“Those jeans are riding so low on your hips I can actually see the swells of your behind. I am not gay and I don’t appreciate being publically humiliated by a confused gender bender.”
Returning to the subject of morality, I don’t think it is helpful to accuse Elsevier of immoral behaviour: they are a big business and they want to maximize their profits, as businesses do. I see the argument as a straightforward practical one. Yes, they are like that, as one would expect, but we have much greater bargaining power than we are wielding at the moment, for the very simple reason that we don’t actually need their services. That is not to say that morality doesn’t come into it, but the moral issues are between mathematicians and other mathematicians rather than between mathematicians and Elsevier. In brief, if you publish in Elsevier journals you are making it easier for Elsevier to take action that harms academic institutions, so you shouldn’t. (I’m thinking of stories I’ve been told about mathematicians at major universities who have been cut off from Elsevier journals. Something I don’t know, but would be interested to learn, is whether mathematicians in developing countries can afford to get access to Elsevier journals. If not, then that would be another powerful moral argument against submitting to them.)
Another consideration really should be your own personal discipline. Jobs aboard luxury charter yachts demand concentration of the job available to ensure the safety from the guests and crew on-board. You will have to show another crew members and guests that you’ll be courteous, competent so you can be a reliable member of the yachting staff.
Note : You don't have to add water because, nam yee is very salty.
- taxi from hotel to Sothy's 15 euro x 2
Star Rating: ** (2 stars)
Edward Teller — American Physicist — (1908 -2003)
After a brief stint of traffic flyering — approaching cars stopped at red lights — M. and I parted ways for the evening. When I returned to the Obama campaign office building, I got in my car to wait for any late arriving NDAA protesters.
Sure, I’m no stranger to the Brazilian birthday party. I’ve documented my experiences and even hosted a couple of my own.
Summers were special in West Texas. School was out, and you felt as if you would never have to go back, and things would never change. It felt like your entire life could be spent in that summer, full of exploration and freedom.
Isn't it fascinating that I needed to remind myself who I was making the album for? There was no external pressure about this. I sure seem to fight a lot of internal pressure. Where does it come from? And why so strongly?
Understanding the Basis of Cognitive Impairment
Soy sauce - 1 and 1/2 teaspoon
The Affordable Care Act crossed another hurdle this month when an appeals court denied a challenge from a doctor and one of his patients, saying they lacked standing.
In January, I found out I have an older half sister, from my father. I am not likely to meet her, or my father, but draw comfort in knowing they are out there. I always wondered if I had more siblings. Never knew a family member with my last name. My mother gave me my fathers last name, and it was mine till I took my husbands.
Requires:
I feel that even though they are communication emotions, they are communicating on a scale that can only be understood and only could have existed with the growing use of the internet. Phrases like “u mad bro?” and “cool story brah” are really only “emotions” that could have been created with the help of the internet. I might be over thinking a bit, but really. Where else will someone use those “emotions”?
But for now..I will be here when you call
All kinds of things can happen in the forest. You can lose your friends - in an attempt to find them, one performer climbs another believing he is a tree, and stands on top of him, calling his name. You can fall asleep and turn into a grumpy bear. You can turn into a falling leaf, tossed by the wind.
The above shot was taken with my favourite and oh-so-subtle ND400. I’ve always figured if you’re going to go for an effect, you might as well go the whole hog. That basically means that just 1 in 400 photons that would normally reach my filterless sensor can get through the gel, or in other words, the image is 400 times darker- and the shutter needs to be open 400 times longer than in normal conditions to get the same exposure value. To add to the effect, I’ve shot at f/22 (the smallest aperture) and stacked the ND with the polarizer to get more colour, and to stretch out my time window as long as possible to magnify the blurring effect. It goes without saying that I had to trek my tripod onto the beach to get this image.
This year saw nearly two-dozen of us gathering at West Malling station; not a particularly easy place for those of us travelling from Tonbridge to get to, but after two changes of train and the best part of an hour we duly arrived at our meeting place. The day had dawned bright and cold, after a frosty start, and most of us had wrapped up warm against the unseasonably cold weather. A week or so previous, the county was basking in temperatures in the high teens, but not so today. We were aiming for a pub called the Nevill Bull in the small village of Birling. Not only were we buoyed up by the fact that the pub regularly serves beers from the recently established Kent Brewery, but being a public holiday, and the start of the Easter break, it was also holding a mini-beer festival.
I’m eclectic, I have lots of books and magazines, most of which are in shelves but can end up in various parts of my house. I sometimes have inspiration boards and tee-shirt stuff everywhere in my living room.
Needless to say that 2+ hours in traffic was a little stressful! Those of you who live here in Southern Cali will know that being stuck on the 405 AND the 101 traffic is no bueno! lol So by the time my sister and I arrived, we were more than an hour and a half late to the signing.
yes, i know, i have bragged and bragged and bragged about my amazing baby. i told you about how she sleeps through the night and how she has slept through the night since day one. i have talked about her calm personality and her ability to be thoughtful (like Pa) even as a newborn. i have told you time and time again about how she never really cries all that much. at all. now i am starting to think that i should have kept my mouth shut!
I am my children's friend because I give them space to explore their own values, I don't expect them to share mine. I don't tell them what they should eat, and I don't say things like, "There's no way you could be hungry!"
Patients with eye problems should see an ophthalmologist regularly both before and during light therapy. Because UV rays are emitted by the light box, patients taking photosensitizing medications should consult with their healthcare provider before beginning treatment.
Also for employers, because they will not be worrying about the budget balance all the time and how to cut it, telecommuting can spread because there is less need to watch over people 24/7 to make sure they don’t waste shareholder money doing nothing or surfing the web. As long as the work gets done to the standard and deadline required of them, who cares where it is done from and how you manage your time as long as you show up when it is really needed? Of course there are some jobs that can’t be done remotely but it can cut down the car dependency we have for a large chunk of office based commuters, which will be greener whether we drop money or not. A Stanford study recently concluded that people were more effective and produced more on average when they could work at home verses the work place.
La Guardia’s metro-area neighbors, JFK and Newark, didn’t fare much better.
Ten things I learned from my mother:
What you do is write down your good habits or something that you are wanting to become a habit and check it off each day and then write down what your reward is for the end of that week. It is supposed to take 21 days to make that thing a good habit in your life! I Love this little pad. So tonight I will sit down and write out my list of habits and check them off each day. I will post my list of habits when I have it done up for you to see. You can find that cute pad at Kikki K - www.kikki-k.com (Can you tell I am a fan of that store! LOL)
I've been very silent as a blogger recently. It's not that I have run out of things to say. I feel I have much to say on OPB (other peoples' blogs). It's just that I have been majorly put-off recently.
I don't know about you, but this has been one summer that I am all too happy to see come to an end. It truly was the long, hot summer. Of late, there has just been rain. An insane amount of rain. It's going to rain again this weekend. But, I refuse to let it dampen my spirits because I know my favorite season and all the beauty it has to offer has finally arrived. And not a moment too soon!
The new story will follow a CIA agent (Rex) and analyst (Ester) who tackle an alien-related global issue.
Well, I have to admit there was quite a bit of high quality black mud there that the river was probably carrying from some distant glaciers. However, the weather wasn’t exactly supportive for the mud bath activity. In the mean time V and Gaelle went to cross the entire river. I wouldn’t mind doing that if there was some purpose on the other side of the river. But just to get my boots wet wasn’t very appealing.
At about this time I remember Hughie Green ending one of his shows with a bizarre, excruciatingly embarrassing, full on Land of Hope and Glory, jingoistic rant. Anyone else old enough? Perhaps it was the same show and it was the same technique used when there is a war to be fought and the marching bands and union flags are rolled out. Who knows? My memory is not that good.
The very last evening of classic music. Consisting of two different composers, Gustav Mahler and Ludwig van Beethoven, there could have been no better ending for my first festival in Salzburg. Beethoven's concert for Piano and Orchestra No. 2 B-Dur op. 19 (blindly copying this) was beautiful, easy and lovely to understand and hear whereas "Das Lied von der Erde" by Gustav Mahler was much harder to listen to. I even got a little nervous to the end because I couldn't stand this rather dark, depressive mood any longer but that must have been due to my little knowledge about this kind of music. Everyone else seemed to enjoy it to the maximum. Again, both concerts were conducted by Sir Simon Rattle who gained my sympathies from day to day more. After the concerts, we went to another spectacular restaurant, the M32, with amazing interior and outstanding good service - something I can't really confirm for Hotel Sacher's restaurant (yeah, surprising but true)... .
and the big one..
Matt and Emily are supposed to be soulmates and partners but when they go to Earth they don't remember that. As Elizabeth, Emily falls in love with Jason. Matt is Daniel in this life and is her friend.The main focus seems to be the relationship Elizabeth and Jason have. They travel to Dublin where Charles and Jonas need to confront Charles' parents who are evil drug dealers and slavers. Jason is the child of servants who are kept working for the Faires. He was abused by the mistress of the house, Charles' mother, and lost respect for his father because he thinks he knew and didn't help.
But man oh man did I get some dang good rejection letters! Jenny forwarded some very encouraging, personalized emails from editors at such places like Harper Collins, Tor, Little, Brown, etc. Although I was dejected as usual, deep inside I felt a confirmation that I wasn't so bad a writer, and that if I kept at it good things were in store.
In closing...I am wondering why my husband who is watching tv in the room directly below me... hasn't come up to see what the" trainwreck" noise was when I fell...I am guessing that he is "SO OVER ME"..actually, if he was funny like me...he would have assumed that the zit on my chin just imploaded.....that's a whole 'nother blog y'all...XO!!!
I try not to listen to the voice in my head that tells me, "I CAN'T" do something. It's been replaced with a voice that tells me to,"TRY"!
The color of the ice cream came out beautiful. And although I enjoyed the flecks of fresh blueberries in it, next time I think I'll try cooking the blueberries down first, to see if I can make a more concentrated blueberry flavor.
05 Flame Thrower (Hawkins) 3:17
This excerpt is said by Ford, the hero, to Lauren, the object of his affection:
silvana: and women held as sexual slaves in thailand
We saw the restoration of Simon’s mother-in-law, and now we see another remarkable healing as Mark shows us a “leper being cleansed.”[2] If we were to take analyze this chapter, we would see that it is structured in a perfect chiastic form; what I mean is that the sections of this chapter correspond with other sections forming a beautiful symmetry.
It looked like a tuna can with wings!
This weekend was the second retreat. Friday night, we were sitting around telling stories. One lady was a total cat person. I tried to tell my tale in a way that would convey that while I don't agree with her lifestyle choice, it is hers to make and I know God doesn't hold it against her.
Anwaar and Fareda: Yes, Professor Rashib.
I finished my seventh marathon in three years in Madrid a few days ago and it was wonderful and great but I've promised myself no fall marathon this year. Which, was not entirely self imposed as I was sick the day Marine Corps opened and slept right through registration but took that as a sign. Honestly, I have no desire to run through the Texas heat, I am sick of feeling guilty for missing a run, missing opportunities with friends and really, being tired and sore all the damn time.
This time, though, Pip and Polly caught me off guard. Maybe it was the idea of being on vacation or perhaps I had subconsciously handed them off to their grandparents for a few minutes. Whatever it was, by the time I fully realized where they were headed it was too late to reel them in. They were going full-bore and their singing was so vibrant, so free, so purely happy that the only thing to do was to let that corner of Sweet Tomatoes become our living room for a little while.
This always got to me a little and although I have a very mild form of vitiligo, there really isn’t enough awareness of vitiligo out there.
Stop SB 759
David Frawley/Vamadeva Shastri, has continuously informed us with clarity and perfection in his numerous books on Ayurveda, Vedic astrology, Yoga and the ancient history of India. Now he has again set the standard for understanding mantra practice. Dr. Frawley is a true modern Acharya, leading us to the vast treasure of Vedic wisdom. This book should be in the library of every true yogi.
On a recent trip to Mysore, my mom expressed a desire to see the garden at http://www.dattapeetham.com/ in Mysore. So off we went, and we were in for such a treat. There were bonsai versions of ravi, marri, bilva and so many other trees that we only read about in the pUjA paddhatIs.
About half way through the performance she texted again, "This time puppy for real!"
Next Logistical problem. “Daddy?? I have to go potty” Okay, easy enough, except you have two kids, and a cart with a few groceries in it. Older son starts to try and unbuckle as you try and get the last few things in that area before dashing to the bathroom. He doesn’t unbuckle, but wiggles out of the straps and you have to catch him and then get to the bathroom before he goes. Then park your carriage outside of the bathroom, get both kids out, bring them into the bathroom. Help your 3 year old, because well, he’s still not a professional, all this while holding your youngest. Then wash rinse and get back to shopping. Only to have to repeat this process again 30 minutes later.
Other things that happened yesterday: An entire, lovely day spent with a new friend (aces); an extremely low flyby from a military helicopter; impressive sunburn; a laryngitis diagnosis (rubbish).
Superlatives and hyperbole run out quick when you listen to Jaffe: her tone is gorgeously clear and dynamic and, amazingly, conveys perfectly this mixture of openness and being guarded. The album’s song which I haven’t been able to stop playing is “Stay with Me,” in which she begins with this haunting: “If you say go, I will go / if you wanted to take it slow, we’ll take it slow.” That willingness on the singer’s part, to be there or to go, to do whatever, is, to me, breathtaking. It’s hard to write about this stuff because it ends up reading as corny (hence singing it instead), but it’s true. Like any number of singers in any number of songs, Jaffe sings, at the end of that song’s chorus, “Stay with me.” It’s a simple line; reading it on the page, it’s nothing, a dandelion’s whisp. Yet who hasn’t, at some point, crumpled at hearing that phrase spoken by someone? It’s easy to dismiss those stock phrases—I love you, I miss you, etc.—but Jaffe’s able to transform them, reload them with elemental magic, and when she sings lines you feel them, deeply and true and real and aching. She’s a devastator.
Conservative Cé, the Aberdeenshire provinces of Mar and Buchan, seem to have held out the longest: with only the merest scattering of cross slabs within a huge proliferation of (class I pre-Christian) symbol stones.
Since Sue could not remember seeing this pup in the neighbor- hood, she decided to keep it overnight and check for lost dog ﬂy- ers in the morning. She felt it prudent not to put the newcomer in the house with her own dogs. After feeding and watering the hun- gry foundling, Sue made a bed of blankets on her garage ﬂoor. The pup immediately curled up and went to sleep. Later that evening a teenage boy knocked on Sue’s door. He was looking for a missing pooch. Since his description ﬁt the puppy perfectly, Sue returned the dog and thought that would be the end of the story.
I decide to go with a Pedstal Card 4 1/4 x 11
My pre-conference consisted of a ton of questions about my lesson plan for my formal observation including accommodations for ESOL and ESE students, standards, etc. I really felt like I was being tested. The questions were part of Marzano's Art and Science of teaching iobservation evaluations so I don't blame my principal for these hard questions but it is a lot to answer. I won't get into all of it but if you are a Florida teacher you know what I'm talking about. So during this pre-conference I had to answer all questions pertaining to my lesson and domain #2 which is planning and preparing. I felt frusterated because some of the information about tracking had not been mentioned to me previously and my principal wanted me do it in my lesson with my kids that day in formal observation. I had approximately one hour and thirty minutes to introduce to my kids a new way to track their own learning (insert sarcastic cheers). Needless to say I left the meeting scrambling back to my room to try and implement this in my room.
The only recognition of students being forced to such means, is explained by the demands of a materialistic lifestyle, ebam_UK says it’s resorted to in order “to gain disposable income or pay for that exotic holiday… anything for a Cambridge ball ticket”.
Arthur Machen – The Great God Pan
Across the valley, a crumbling grey edifice: the flint walls of Eynsford Castle. Another English Heritage property, I had planned to take a detour to explore the castle, but unfortunately it was closed on the date of my visit due to structural instability. Built on the site of an earlier Saxon settlement, the castle was constructed in the 1080s by William de Eynsford, and was abandoned after being vandalised in the early 14th century as a result of a feud between the Kirkeby and Criol families. Its only subsequent use was as hunting kennels in the 18th century, such that it remains a relatively undisturbed and well-preserved example of a Norman curtain-wall castle. Despite the lack of public access today – November 5th – there is plenty of activity as the villagers prepare for bonfire night. Not quite Edinburgh Castle at Hogmanay, it is nonetheless a spectacular setting for a fireworks display.
@ReginaWalton Glad you liked the article. But can you tell me what bothered you about the image? I thought it told the story well.
I have been saved by the blood of Jesus Christ, a gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast there fore as it continues in Ephesians Chapter 2, verse 10, “we are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do.”
I am looking forward to...Thanksgiving and Christmas Break! I have made a personal goal NOT to decorate for Christmas at all until the day after Thanksgiving. I'm going to try very hard not to play any Christmas music until then as well. I am trying to stay a little more in the moment.
Add to warm soup and serve.
So, the blog was founded as Mountain Missy. A little tribute to my roots now and then.
Second card is the immediate influences - this would be the influences of those around you and you yourself. Your card is the Strength card - a major arcana with a great deal of meaning. Strength has the infinity symbol over her head. She is petting a lion and the lion is in a submissive pose Just a lion, more a symbol than anything. This card is a symbol of confidence and power. Which leads me to believe that those around you see you as strong and energetic. This could be why you're getting pressure people expect great things for you and want to see you moving toward goals. This card could also be how you're feeling. Making money does not mean 9 to 5 and I think you're well aware of that.
Today my FOH and I took a little trip to the seaside. To Brighton in fact. We started off with a little walk through The Lanes - one of a number of Brighton's well known and recommended visitor destinations.
Hey, HP, enter me in your fifth awesomest contest ever! I have a total of 8 points for commenting on your blog, friending you on facebook, tweeting about your contest and purchasing your book!
6.JAWBOX "Motorist"
Seven random facts... and trust me, my brain is mush... this will be very very random.
1 cup grated cauliflower
On foreign trips, aside from the 40 or so armored limousines, there are usually 200 Secret Service agents plus a couple of dozen sniffer dogs. Did the latter take any Colombian bitches back to their kennels? Or are they just the entrée for Obama’s embassy banquet?
Once you are a government, you are a government of the people. There’s no party there. Our PM is the PM for everyone — even the Opposition, when they see the PM they have to give him due respect because he’s the PM of the country. It doesn’t matter what your political belief is. When I go to Penang, Lim Guan Eng is the chief minister.
So to hell with it!
A healthy nail (with healthy skin beneath its bed) has a pretty, pinkish hue. When it doesn’t, that may be a reason to worry. “When all of the nails turn yellow it can be a sign of lung disease or diabetes,” says Dr. Arielle Kauvar, a New York City dermatologist. “Yellow spots on the nails can be an indicator of fungus or psoriasis.” Since any of these conditions warrants treatment by a doctor, it’s worth seeing a dermatologist if yellow nails persist. Women who frequently wear very dark nail polish for long periods of time (especially without using a protective basecoat underneath it) may also notice a slight yellowing of their nails, but it’s no reason to panic. The nails are merely stained from the polish and will return to their normal shade if they are left unpolished for a while.
Giving scores of hugs.
Bring it on!
The next 7 months were some of the most stressful and horrible of my life, although they were filled with so much joy. Does that make sense? The stress and horror came from not knowing if we'd be able to keep the lights on day to day. The joy came from our marriage partnership, our sweet baby girl, and the growing baby inside me.
All together we shared five bottles of stellar wines; two whites- a 2004 Bonny Doon Il Circo La Funambola Erbaluce (kudos to Randy- this crosses another box off the Wine Century Club list) and an amazing 2007 Huber Obere Steigen Gruner Veltliner. Reds were a Carneros 2002 Truchard Syrah (Nikki, you would have loved it- and we missed you!), a 2006 Finca Luzon Monastrell/Syrah blend from Jumilla in Spain, and a 2004 La Puglia Primitivo from Feudi di San Marzano.
My favorite presidents to study are Andrew Jackson, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, and Theodore Roosevelt. This does not mean that I agree with each president’s respective policies and actions.
As I don't have as much time to dedicate to the blog as I'd like, I'm going to close it. What this means is that no new posts will be be added, but the content will still be up for all to view. I'll also still be out on the streets; gaming, painting, modelling and generally geeking out.
I hope you are all celebrating NYE in style! I am going to share a bottle of wine and watch the fireworks with my dear friend F from our veranda. Posting will resume on the 2nd with the MMM roundup for the month of December, see you then!
The child had sustained serious body injuries all over her body. On Wednesday, 19 May after the case was brought to the attention of the police, a murder docket was opened for investigation. The scene was visited by members of Thabong SAPS Crime Office and the Local Criminal Records Centre.
hi grandma!
Artist Eduardo Francisco
Book- Boys are Dogs
“Some days, I just want the dragon to win.”
Williams realizes he needs to leave, and while Mrs. O'Mara reprimands him for his "blaspheming," Mrs. Conroy thanks him for the roses. Back in the taxicab (which, as Mrs. Conroy had earlier observed, William needed because he's no longer allowed to drive), Jane asks him what happened, but William doesn't want to talk about it. On the ride home, he breathes deeply and muses, "I wonder if her ghost is laid?"
# Drink a glass filled with stubbed out cigarettes.
the statement "people whom like me, need me explain no more, people whom dislike me, i do not need explain more.."
The problem is we’re not getting that kind of leaders anymore, I don’t know why.
RIP ****. You were sacrificed for the greater good. Maybe someday I’ll be able to make it up to you.
In the corporate sector part of my life, the words I heard were selfish, political .. manipulative and distant from the truth. I do not miss those words at all.
He is still napping WONDERFULLY. He takes usually 3 naps a day at 2-2.5 hours each. He eats, plays for a bit (bout an hour) and then conks out. I know I shouldn't let him, but he sleeps SOO well in his boppy. It's like I literally just have to have him assume the position and he's out. I can put him in it and just walk away. His eyes can be open and everything and he goes to sleep on his own after talking a bit to himself. Every once in awhile I have to tickle his face, but that's if it was my fault for not getting him to bed sooner. He has to be on his side, swaddled in a blanket with his binky. I feel OK letting him do so because I always have him nap in the same room I'm in. I SO wish he could sleep all night in it.
It doesn't look terrible but you know how it is when you want a certain look.
JD: “Someone is drinking my son’s blood, beating on his heart and is possessing him.”
So I took a great pile of books on hols, although this picture exaggerates, as it includes Mr B's books as well. Ali of Hestia's Larder asked whether I read all of these. Sadly no, my eyes are always bigger than my...book processing capacity..
CLICK BELOW TO SEE WHAT ITEMS I CHOSE:
Blacks avoided looking whites in the eyes; and black males and youths knew not to look, even indirectly, at white women or to touch them accidentally. Blacks were expected to stare at the ground when addressing whites of both sexes. Black customers usually were not served first in stores when white customers were present. They usually were not allowed to try on clothing in white businesses, as it was commonly believed that white customers would not purchase clothes that black customers had tried on. Black shoppers almost always were expected to wait patiently for white clerks to address them before speaking. Adult African Americans were seldom afforded titles of respect by whites, such as the terms "Mister," "Mrs.," or "Miss." They were instead referred to by their first names or by the words "boy," "girl," "auntie," "uncle," and, frequently, "nigger."
I have not made it a surprise that I want my own space in the near future. I’ve had a lot of thoughts, plans and ideas drawn up over over the years and I intend to make this happen. However, I think at this moment, I needed to apply the adage that in order to take a step forward, I have to take 2 steps back. And so, after 6 years of going balls-to-the-wall crazy with trying to make something of myself in this cooking career, I hit a personal Nintendo reset button. And so, the next year will be solely focused on finishing all the things left unresolved and finally getting healthy – a feeling I haven’t know for many years.
~ 8 packs of chocolate cherry kisses for $1.79
I wanted many children all from my own womb. But more than this, I wanted His will for my life. That is what He is giving me.
After I’d been dancing for a while (maybe 20 minuntes? I lost my sense of time during the dance), I noticed Robert was gone. Initially I thought he’d gone to the restroom, but soon I saw that he was walking arm in arm with the houngan in a circular path around the dance floor. Afterwards the houngan returned Robert to where he’d originally been standing, and put his forehead against Robert’s. I could see the houngan’s lips moving, but could not hear what he was saying. (The houngan made this circular walk with several participants throughout the night, including the Asian woman, the African woman, and the dancer who reached out to me. When I later asked Robert what the houngan said to him, Robert said, “Nothing.” Robert thought that perhaps he had received a blessing. My guess is that the houngan was possessed at the time, possibly by Damballah, who does not speak. I had heard his name mentioned during one of the songs. Sometime later, the houngan did indeed display the signs of a Damballah possession. He fell to the floor and was immediately covered with a white sheet by several people while the Mambo brought the houngan back to himself.) After the blessing, Robert danced freely for the rest of the evening.
"There was a vacuum in our publishing portfolio," Cheezburger founder Ben Huh told CNN today. Huh did not discuss specifics, but Cheezburger Network is said to have forked over something in the area of low seven figures for Know Your Meme. That's a lot of cheezburgers.
I think this is probably just a reflection of my personality and the people I hang out with, but almost all my close friends universally hate flatting. I flatted from my early-to-mid 20′s and almost without fail, something awful would happen to break up the flat. Now I know the argument that the common denominator is me, but I think I’m a pretty grounded flatmate. I try to keep my annoying habits to myself, pay all my rent and bills on time, clean up after myself and give my flatmates a decent amount of space when they’re home. I can also be quite sociable when the occasion calls for it, and I never hog the TV.
I have to mention Alfonso. Alfonso is my gilded Spanish chicken, and he lives on the ledge behind my desk. He's a little the worse for wear, poor thing: I found him in a tiny shop in Seville in the late 80s, and he's a bit worn out now – but he's still smiling. I do like his expression; it makes me smile, too. I plan to fill my work space gradually with things that resonate with me for whatever reason: things that give off positive energy, to indulge in some ghastly New-Age-Speak. Alfonso definitely does that. He was the Chicken of Happiness, long before Edward Monckton thought of such a thing.
How fucking dare you.
I didn’t get that respect, and countless other women he’s been with haven’t either. I was exposed to HSV2 recently, and I wasn’t given a choice for six weeks. Once I found out, and I only found out because I brought up the topic and told him about the HSV1, despite the advice of all those friends and professionals mentioned above, I was already falling in love. I took the risk, after all, I had already been exposed multiple times over those six weeks, and I could understand his embarrassment. Of course, I would’ve taken the risk anyway, especially because he’s on the suppressant drugs that, according to him, gives less than a 1% chance of transmission, especially with protected intercourse.
All the previews are linked for easy purchase!! Be sure to grab them this week while the collab pieces and the add-ons are all on sale!!! Be sure to visit Wendy's blog to see what kind of special free goodies she has to offer!!
The new uniform system might also kill the pride of policemen, he said.
Then, I started grinding away. Or really, just holding down the button. They quickly became tiny pieces of almonds. It was clear that they weren’t going to turn into much of a spread without my help. So, in an effort to keep it on the healthier side, I skipped the oil and just added water. I added one tablespoon of water at a time.
It's been a reflective week for me; I've appreciated the spring break from school. It's given me time to slow down, to think, and get caught up on my life.
The cold concerned me the most, as I’m very thin and I was worried about being soaked in ice water for 3 hours in 30 degree weather. I had read many accounts of people being pulled off the course with hypothermia and I figured I was more susceptible than most people because of my frame. On the other hand, I was less concerned about physical injury because I don’t weigh much, which I think makes a slip of my foot less likely to turn into a full-fledged pulled muscle or sprained ankle. As we ate dinner, we all kept checking the big-screen TV behind our table to check the morning’s weather. It seemed every ten minutes, the forecast was grimmer and grimmer until they announced a “freeze warning” overnight and into the morning. It seemed at the time that we would be running in frigid weather, all the more nerve-racking. Nevertheless, I went to bed that night comfortably aware that it was the last time I would feel warm for a long time.
More than once, I've looked at my lil bunny in suspicion... *wink*
I happened to snap a photo of a neat old beer sign while visiting another remote Arizona town a week or two back. A-1 beer has been out of circulation for years but this sign looks to be fully functional and in great condition, atop a pole outside a building in Aguila, Arizona.
*** Man, is there anything you can't find in Walmart? How about a spouse? It worked for a couple in North Carolina, anyway. She was a cashier, and he was a customer. Now, they're man and wife. And they tied the knot right there. In Walmart. In layaway. And they're now spending their honeymoon in housewares. (Just kidding!) But ya know, come to think of it, if that store is open 24 hours a day, and has a grocery store, ya never know.
When I was a younger man I was, quite frankly, brilliant. I had in my possession the means to live a model life: my children would be perfect, my career would be one stellar success after another, my relationship with my spouse would mimic the holiness of Francis and Claire, and my faith was a rock of certainty and strength. As I cast a critical eye at my elders I could easily point out the errors that led to their present suffering and difficulties… the health decisions that precipitated obesity, hypertension, cancers and heart ailments; the laxity in their parenting skills that opened the door to alcoholism, drugs, pregnancy and conflict; the self-centered behaviors that bred marital strife and divorce; the lack of perseverance and faith that left room for despair and godless behaviors.
And all are unique....
For now, here is a preview of the headboard. I haven't attached it to the bed yet, so I will add instructions on that when I finally do, and when I have a final picture to share of it all finished and pretty!!
How about while living on this planet, everyone wakes up and tries to make the world a better place for those humans that will follow us.
Strong background with SQL Server 2005 or greater
So how do we find love for ourselves? We need to get calm within ourselves and relax. We need to let go of the negative and focus on the positive. Connecting and sharing our life and love with others helps us to feel and find the love within us. It’s good to be vulnerable. It’s real. Be the authentic you. Share, connect and communicate.
I went to the ENT because I have this weird ear thing where my ear pops open and I can hear myself talking inside my head. I can hear my breathing, my heartbeat, my footfalls. According to the world wide web it's called Patulous Eustachian Tube, and it's rare and it's barely fixable. Hooray! It doesn't hurt but it's annoying as hell and makes me want to lie down, because when I do it stops. Or when I bend over. It doesn't happen all the time but when it does, oy. Unfortunately losing weight and exercising are prone to worsening symptoms but hell no, I won't sit around and gain weight. Anyway, PET is one of the few things Primal can't fix. In fact, since losing weight and exercising more (and by exercising more I mean walking barefoot around my neighborhood until I grow the balls and the funds to try this), it's been worse. What a buzz-kill. Actually, wait. Scratch the exercising more thing. I am not even exercising more. I am exercising less. But I am moving around more and I am sitting less.
Westhills is Victoria’s newest and most VIBRANT community. We are close to schools, endless shopping opportunities whether you’re looking for big box stores OR smaller, boutique style shopping, and lots of restaurants! City Centre Park, the Westhills Arena and Langford Lanes are literally on Westhills’ doorstep and provide tons of fun for people of ALL ages!
First of all, this next bottle has the distinction at $15 of being the most expensive bottle of Wine that I have purchased to date.
Active Consciousness: Awakening the Power Within is all about understanding deep, active consciousness — how it might work, how it relates to esoteric wisdom from the past, and how we can all develop it for ourselves, not only to benefit our own lives, but also the greater collective good of the world.
Anyway congrats Anthony Hewitt, wishing much success to you, keep Brooklyn in your heart and you'll be fine.
Carmen
9) Sit down. Get up and get a tissue. Sit back down. Get up and get a towel. Sit back down. Get up and get a snack. Leave it on the couch. Sit back down. Get up and put the cereal on the floor. Sit back down. Get up and put the cereal in the kitchen. Sit back down. Get up and get a blanket. Etc. Do this until you’re about to rage.
Her husband and sons worked at the local grain elevator. They came home and got cleaned-up from their long, dirty day at work and went to eat dinner. I didn’t know that they were used to the old country ways of when you had to bring water in for a bath by hand and everyone shared it. She got Russell and me into the bathroom and stripped-off our clothes and plopped us into the large claw-foot bathtub that had just been used by I don’t remember how many stinky, oily, dirty grown men. I just remember the water was so dark I couldn’t see anything of myself under it and there was a film of some sort that carried small curly hairs past my face. She reminded us that we needed to use plenty of soap to keep the other dirt off of us so we’d be clean. This was one of my first introductions to lye soap. It doesn’t suds-up like soap we use today does, so I kept rubbing and rubbing it on me thinking it was never going to clean anything. Then she scooped each of us out of the murky broth (remember, we’re both in the tub together), dried us off, gave us our pajamas we’d brought with us, and finished it all up with a healthy dose of NyQuil. Yup, back when it had a high enough alcohol content to knock you on your butt. We’d already had dinner and she wanted to make sure we went to bed. I was basically an alcoholic at age 4 from all the times I stayed at her house.
The ICM, among other things, is supposed to report on the success of the PATP, but there’s no ICM, so “there is currently no oversight or means of enforcement of the CBA,” the lawsuit notes.
When I read a blog I tend to read the other comments. Sometimes with great interest, as you can learn a lot about other people with their comments to other blogger's predicaments, etc. And of course there is a whole cohort of bloggers out there who tend to read the same blogs and so you get to know people this way and that.
There it was. At first I was drawn to yet another overpriced crystal chandelier, and was about to walk out, when Jeff pointed my soon-to-be chandelier out. It was beautiful. It had all the crystals hanging down, and although the frame was not crystal I thought I might paint it. Best of all, it was in our price range!
First we have Indian Pipes, Monotropa uniflora. You can see why they get the name. Each stem looks like a little pipe. These are very common in temperate areas. They used to have their own Family, but they've now been placed in the heath family, due to genetic testing. Each stalk has one flower.
come with your playfellows into the street
But I will be back in April 2013! It is always great to discover new bloggers.
It's a thorny, fascinating, and troubling question. If we are to answer @weywerdSun, I think we should start by being careful to make sure we're clear on exactly what we're asking and what is happening.
It really isn’t fair to announce such things too late for us to do anything about it. I mean, no one (almost) goes to uni all dressed up and perfect looking every day right? I myself prefer to catch my sleep rather than make myself look pretty for no apparent reason.. So anyway, the venue was really beautiful. It’s called Madinat Jumeirah. It’s architecture as well as decor are all ancient like. Here’s a quick glance..
Virginia, though, has discovered thousands of closed rape files from 1973 through 1988, many with untested biological evidence. DNA testing of a preliminary sample of 31 of them yielded two wrongful convictions. Those numbers are too small to be reliable, of course, but they would suggest a false conviction rate of 6 percent.
In fact, I find myself wondering if the pendulum hasn't swung a little too far. The fact that Mitchell is actually killed at the end of the third season is, if not exactly gratifying, then at least the only honest, satisfying, moral ending to his story. I'm shocked and deeply impressed by the writers' willingness to take that step, which I had been certain, all the way to the last swing of the stake, that the show would chicken out of. (The cynic in me, however, wonders whether this story would have been written if Turner weren't attached to the Hobbit production for at least the next year, and probably hoping for bigger and better things out of that role.) But Mitchell's end also means that the take-away from his story is that being human was, ultimately, something he couldn't do. And as Mitchell was one of only a few pro-human vampires featured on the show, and just about every other vampire who has tried, like him, to stop feeding has eventually fallen off the wagon (the possible exception is Adam, who, if he hasn't already lapsed, has only been dry for a few months at the end of the third season), it seems reasonable to conclude that this inability extends to the entire race, and that therefore the right, moral response to a vampire is to stake them. (The show could, of course, replace Mitchell with another sympathetic vampire, but then the writers would find themselves in exactly the same bind they were in with Mitchell.) The season ends with George, Annie and Nina realizing just how high up vampire infiltration of human institutions goes, and with a new head vampire introducing himself to the group and promising to make their life hell, to which George responds, "you've got a fight on your hands." The implication is that Mitchell-less Being Human will be about the fight to defeat or maybe even rid the world of vampires, and as frustrating as I found Being Human's localized pacifism in its first two seasons, I'm not sure that switching to a vampire slaying story will be an improvement.
Finished Transition by Iain Banks yesterday and started Any Human Heart by William Boyd. Comprehensively reading since the Feist book. ‘Tis a good place to retreat to and costs nothing to do and I tend not to drink when I’m into a good book.
mhandy1 On FB I look at feedback ratios… what resonates best and then break it down further to types of questions/links
I would have liked to see more development in terms of Jean actually learning the magic. It seems she goes from being clueless to performing very difficult acts of magic fairly quickly. I wish more time were spent on her practicing, trying to do things and failing, and studying the book a little bit more.
Tomatoes: 1 kg
som sommer
I forgot to blog about Friday. It was my 2nd Miche party! It really went well. It was at my neighbor Leigh's house. I'm getting more confident in my presentation skills. Honing it in. I'm having a lot of fun with it. For date night, CPT and I stayed in, and hung out. And yeah, that's kind of what we've been doing. Low key (but crazy) weekend at home. I'll be happy to send kids back to school on Monday.
I tend to speak my mind plainly when I speak it, and when I don’t, I war with myself about when to speak and when not to speak, and end up saying nothing. I become embarrassed pretty easily. (I detest being the center of attention, though that probably isn’t evident when I’m up to my mischief.) I dislike being “sized up” and judged, so before I know a person, I don’t give away much about myself. Sometimes I’m still shy with private information even when I know a person, but if they figure it out and make me laugh over it, I generally become deeply close to them pretty quickly. I love being called out for my temper — or for anything really. I respect that. I am irrationally protective sometimes. If I was taller I’d jump into street fights, but that would be foolish given my size. Still, my temper can go from cool to scolding in a moment, when I see an underdog being attacked. I have been trying lately to temper that temper of mine, because honestly, I rarely belong in the middle of things. I just hop in because I want to outshout the shouter.
Overall Blog Candy
“I made two grand last
but i do
Now a wreath hanging on a front door might not be a big deal to some people, but this is our first one so I am really excited! I never thought to hang one there before because of the storm door.
Rihanna reinforces her authority by adopting masculinized visions of female sexuality. Her costumes echo American pop icons as far back as Rosie the Riveter. But Rihanna also steals power from longstanding images of the femme fatale and hypersexualized temptress. Both of these strategies allow her to break free from trite, pop formulas that often dichotomize women as either happy in their new romances or angry after their breakups. Instead, Rihanna portrays love itself as twisted. And for the most part, she pulls it off.
This one song has all the ebbs and flows and trademark sounds and themes that make up U2. It also is the perfect microcosm for The Joshua Tree album itself. It’s not just The Edge’s notes and musical style on display; he wields the guitar like a percussion instrument, attacking the track with scrapes and scratches that have always made his rhythm the secret 5th member of U2.
Gail Patrick Stage Door
♥ Elf Cosmetics Nail Polish in White.
experience, wants and needs can be leveraged to boost loyalty, improve overall
It didn't rain in December, January or February....our "Winter" felt like Spring, we had really nice weather. It was great!
3. Too Late To Turn Back Now
Bedroom Electronic Pop.
Said that the forrest officials were planned to leave the Tuskar in Corbett National Park early but suddenly the programe was changed and the tuskar was leaved in Rajaji National Park. To move the tusker in Jim Corbett National Park there were three pet elephant called but the tusker was left in chila range of Rajaji.
When I'm in the mood, I LOVE 'em, especially the nasty ones at the Seahawks or Mariners stadia. When I'm actually thinking, I like kosher ones.
Beat an egg into the mashed garlic until smooth and add that to the mix as well. Add a bit more flour if the dough is too wet but you want quite a sticky dough.
So just what constitutes “Holocaust denial”? Those who support criminal persecution of “Holocaust deniers” seem to be still living in the world of 1946 where the Allied officials of the Nuremberg Tribunal have just pronounced their verdict. But the Tribunal’s findings can no longer be assumed to be valid. Because it relied so heavily on such untrustworthy evidence as the Höss testimony, some of its most critical findings are now discredited.
Now I'm kind of wondering about a few things, such as--
It still took time for Michael Carrick to claim the key role he now occupies and it wasn’t until the 12th league game that he started his first game. Between then, Darren Fletcher was used before illness ended his campaign, Park Ji-Sung was tried out and Giggs was deployed centrally. Every move hinted at Ferguson attempting to replicate the passer and mover idea he prefers.
Colette xx
i realized i was walking back and forth across the room to get my fabrics to pair for new designs.
Good for genre writers.
I see the forest and the trees
Fact #19: Jagger moves like Sara Lomas.
This knight so bold --
There is no point wasting any more time - this is absolutely top-drawer stuff, and easily one of the most refined and perfectly balanced ales I've yet come across.
Thomas and Philip approached the bar with their glasses in hand. Thomas instantly asked for the Russian Imperial Stout. The bartender returned with his glass, now filled with the very dark liquid. He took a sip and smiled.
~Liz
Selling 1000 ebooks a month equals $24,000 a year. Being on submission for 6 months is a loss of $12,000, and then waiting 18 more months for the book to be published is a loss of another $36,000.
All of them had the top punched with the horizontal slot punch and tied some red satin ribbon through the tops.
Seeing you is a glimpse inside Heaven
when the sun goes down or should i say when the earth tuns and hides from the sun -
Many times I’ve doubted my abilities as a writer, often with good reason, but too much focus on my inabilities makes me fearful. Fearful writers hide their work in a drawer for others to find when they die. That’s not good enough.
“Absolutely, and don’t forget it.”
Yo ho, Yo ho
The individual flowers on the sticker sheet looked great with a vine die cut that I have. I cut out the sentiment from the Happy Notes sheet and adhered it to the bottom.
I am teaching this story when it hits me: I am a mixed-up chameleon. I am trying on all these identities with no idea which is the real me. I start to tell myself that I am fricken crazy and don’t need to be having mental breakdowns in class and so move onto the comprehension questions.
When I am running, naked or not (with or without music), there is a sense of peace, of letting ‘it’ all go and delving into a little bit of heaven. With the breeze that blows the leaves, the fragrance of life around me, and the firmness of the God-given earth under my feet, glimpses of peace seep into my being. THAT is the benefit of a worship room.
This despite research by Municipal IQ, an independent online information service on local government, showing that between 2006 and 2010 there were 277 protest marches against bad service delivery.
“No matter what the individual behavioral pattern, all Pisceans must occasionally retreat from people and be totally alone. Pisceans are so prone to assuming the feelings of others and thinking of these absorbed vibrations as their own that they need regular periods of solitude in order to get back to themselves. They must retreat to build up their strength so that they may again face the onslaught of the outer world. This cycle is essential with periodic cleansings, his waters would soon become polluted by his and other people’s negativity. Pisces is a psychic sponge; for this reason, he should use great discrimination when choosing his friends and environment.” ~ By Alan Oken, Complete Astrology
revolutionised the pop scene
It took 12 years but Smith finally released the follow-up to his breakthrough picture. Clerks II picks up 10 years after the original and Dante (O’Halloran) and Randal (Anderson) have become “funployees” at a Mooby’s fast food restaurant. They continue to offend customers and debate anything and everything in addition to teasing their co-workers (Rosario Dawson and Trevor Fehrman). But when Dante announces he will be leaving New Jersey with his fiancée, Randal plans a going away party that no one will ever forget.
See the opportunity? Are you insane? I don’t think there is any price on this Earth that could pull such a privilege from me! But yes, my soul would wind up eternally damned due to the crazy-ass name I would make that fellow answer to until he dies. The rest of us would think it was funny, though.
"The issue of drugs is very serious and we have to deal with it. Drugs are brought into this country in large amounts and are being sold to our youth.
When my parents were away?
The new buildings being built on Arundel Street repel not please. They are contemporary universal buildings - you could be anywhere.
Complaints are good to look at so you know what to expect / look out for in a given item. In this case, I knew that they scratch easily, the enamel can sometimes come loose or break off (nearly always noticed within the first few wears so can be attributed to a defect rather than wear), and the hardware can sometimes develop spots. When browsing, I made sure to look closely at the enamel and hardware for those flaws.
5/1/12: Q: If you could become rich and famous for writing one thing and one thing only. What would you want that one thing to be? Don’t over-think it. Just answer from the gut!
What can you say really, its usually Bud Light or Miller Light with green food coloring. Most of the time you end up with rings of green around your face from all of the drinking. But good times are always had by all. So its really a perfect beer....sort of.
My most irrational act: Being stolen in 1911
A MONSTER CALLS by Patrick Ness. I was very moved by that.
for a reasonably fee. I like to hear from you
I've actually had this one since it was first released and was really excited to read it. It looks creepy and wonderful, but I've heard mixed things about the writing itself. Only one way to find out though!
Wild foods, generally, are a tonic for life and not just for Spring. However, do get out there right now and be revitalized by the uniquely tender plants so verdantly abundant. You will only fully understand how good it will make you feel until you actually do it! Of course, that's partly self-evident. Nevertheless, it never ceases to amaze me how many people, including myself, simply don't do what is best for mind and body, earth and soul. In my own case, I've been making these smoothies on a near daily basis since the beginning of March, with the result that I felt so much better than I had before: much more awake, happier, more clear thinking. However, on the day the video was made (27th April) I'd not drunk a green smoothie for 2 weeks. Why? Why indeed when doing so had made me feel so great? Partly it's because I became really busy, and although that's not a full explanation, the more specific reason involves the lack of balance that occurred from being too busy, leading me to slip back into habitual tonne-of-porridge-eating ways. Although it takes no longer to go into the garden to collect a few wild greens than it does to make porridge, I'd slipped back into the easy and familiar. No more........
It's kind of exciting to review the 1st week of a new year. I really am amused by the simple things in life ;)
“If you want to call it ‘quid pro quo,’ fine,” he said. “At the end of the day, I want to make sure I do my part.”
… continues
Smalls: Oh. Can we stick a Zhu Zhu Pet in the purse?
Prior to getting trapped in the Interweb’s entangling grasp I read a very well written essay by Susan Bordo. Never Just Pictures was the title of the particular piece. In it, Bordo discussed the excess weight carried around by most human beings, and how society views the fat. She says that we idolize people for being thin, and boys and girls today purge themselves into nonexistence. Very true miss Bordo, but I think you are missing another side of this excess. Self image issues are not only found in people who want to have a model figure, but people face this state of depression because they are too skinny.
It's easy to point to Soviet skullduggery behind enemy lines, as I've done before, but Spain was the opening skirmish of the Second World War. Hitler wasn't truly defeated on the Western Front until Franco died, and anyone who fought the squat Galician is all right by me.
How To Find The Best Bose QuietComfort 15 Price!
- Ill have to update on this later but I have been using a concoction of different anti stretch mark creams and oils. I have some of those lovely things from my pregnancy with Makenzie but they actually faded pretty much completely away. Now that this belly is growing I can tell they are starting to show again. They are the same ones so I am hoping I can slather enough crap on to not have any more show up. I have to say I am usually extra creamy or extra oily. Nice right.
Our lucky random draw winner will receive a copy of this fabulous, brand new CD Rom!
All will be revealed in my next article.
04 Bye Bye Love
Can one's heart leap and stomach sink at the same time? I gulp. You want me even more obviously wanton, even more defenseless, than I already am? You twist a nipple hard in response, and the message is clear: Yes, you do. I take a breath that's almost a sob and widen my stance, not much, but enough, I think, for the man behind me to do whatever it is he's going to do. His fingers have almost, almost reached my labia, and the anticipation is intense. I desperately want him to touch me there, but think I might pass out if he does…
and that kind of mushy stuff too
“Beware. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.”
His voice in me, the river’s turn that finds the
Places We Are Going/People We Are Seeing: Once again we stayed close to home this week. Due to the cold and flu season we are really trying to limit our exposure. I am hoping to be able to get out and about on Saturday, we will have to see what the weather brings.
Paul’s Traveller games were moderately interesting, nothing really special in retrospect, and like most younger guys at Aero I didn’t get too involved in them. Games by older guys like Paul, owner Gary, and other regulars seemed to be aimed at one or two other older guy’s characters no matter how many people sat at the table. One or two characters doing everything and everybody else were just side characters; side-kicks at best. Just sitting and watching. Looking back, that was a real shame. One time, towards the end of my going to Aero on a regular basis (sports, girls, and my own gaming groups were too attractive compared to the dust, moldy smells and the heinous attitudes of the Aero sausage-fest) my sweetheart of the time, who lived an hour north in Ventura, was in town for the weekend and I took her to Aero to play in one of Paul’s Traveller games. I spent all this time getting her a character set-up to play (if you know Traveller you know what that takes), but when we were ready it was once again an ignore fest as Paul pretty much ran the game aimed directly at owner Gary and left us and everybody else to sit, fidget and stare. I really get the impression that Paul would have been most happy just running for Gary alone with nobody there.
What doesn’t interest me so much is reality as it actually is lived. I’m more more intrigued by reality as it might be lived — reality as it isn’t lived.
It is a really bad habit and sometimes I go back and remove them or try and see if something can be altered to give the words the same effect.
On Easter Sunday, Billy will be six months old!! I do worry more about him than I did with the other babies I'm sure. He's my sixth, so I should be all calm and relaxed, but I don't feel it. Billy is such a laid back baby, he smiles and gurgles and grabs my finger and hair and shoves them in his mouth. But he doesn't touch his toes and he doesn't roll over and he's no where near being able to sit up unaided. His head is still a little wobbly and his back needs supporting when he's on my lap. He loves his bouncy chair though and can get a good old rhythm going by waving his little arm up and down. He's as sharp as a needle when he sees someone walking in the room and turns his head immediately and recognises all the people he loves. But I worry. Should he be touching his toes by now? Rolling over? Heck, Minnie was crawling at this stage, but then again, Rosie didn't walk till she was over two years old!! But Rosie was my first baby, I didn't know any different and didn't worry at all!! Babies walk in their own time don't they? I've lost confidence along the way.
I thought it would be a little harder than it was, but it ended up working out alright. I also thought about using two hula hoops as my inside brace, but I couldn't find any around my part of town. I liked the veneer edging, though, because it was the same color as the stir sticks.
Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God.
After he buried Darrell "Skip" Griffin Jr. and after the sympathy calls faded, the elder Griffin, like every American who has ever lost a beloved soldier, struggled to resume life's normal rhythms.
Correctional Facilities on Tribal Lands Program - Plan, renovate or construct correctional and/or correctional alternative facilities
Let's face it: 2012 will likely bring more clouds and more storms. For all I know, the year ahead could make The Year of the Pigeon-Toed Duck Waddle look like a cake walk. Not trying to be Debbie Downer here, but when you reach the ripe age of 50, you just know that kind of stuff.
which is certainly a sign that it has seen better days!
long before i have spoken to you
Do you hear the words I can’t speak?
*German: This is mostly my job, making sure to add new vocabulary each day, use it with her, we'll keep track of words maybe on a large sheet of paper that's out in the open, make some labelling cards, etc. There's no specific goal here other than just get going with it and keep adding on to it!
‘Tis such a nightly feast!
From: Mary Ann Anderson
Freeze it firm (This takes hours)
Of what use
Oh, by the way, before this he'd just say, "Okay, you take the pedals now and hold heading.", or, "Take the collective too now."
Eutyches’ form of monophysitism held that Christ’s two natures, the Divine and the human, united so completely that they became physically one, with the Divine absorbing the human. Its theological rival was Nestorianism, which was said to overemphasize the distinctions between Christ’s two natures. Under Theodora’s influence, Justinian called the council to condemn writings that supported Nestorianism–the Three Chapters.
1 survive
“You think one man down might be nothing, but it affects the whole squad. You have to rearrange everybody. I’m proud watching my kids come out with the win a man down.”
Anyways, we said we would meet up the next day to actually hang out and talk and catch up and stuff, then I headed out. As I was leaving, I happened to be walking past where Ai was. When he saw me, he turned around and started going the other way. I was annoyed and exhausted by this point, so as I passed I said, “You don’t have to turn around. I’m leaving.” Which in retrospect, probably not the most charming thing to say. Ah well.
Now this is not a failing of the information I channeled. That was correct. But it was given in the same form as a cryptic crossword clue, and we all know how difficult those things are to get. Have you ever tried to complete one? Typically I manage to answer about 2 questions out of 30. I’ve even read a brilliant guide in a paper years back on how to solve cryptic crosswords, but I still have only managed to increase my success rate to about 3 out of 30. Which is a pretty rubbish result. So it is perhaps unsurprising that so many psychics get stuff wrong or just fail to see what’s right under their noses. Naturally this prompts the usual ‘oh yes that’s why I was getting this, of course’ response, which to a sceptic sounds completely hopeless. This is very frustrating to the channel as they did in fact get correct information, they just failed to unravel it.
And here is a photo of one of our juvies. Now it could just be me, but I definitely see a resemblance in those strong, intelligent, and penetrating eyes. Ron Paul is no fighting cock, but I see a little bit of being a down-to-earth member of the flock in him. Like our chickens, he’s productive, looks out for others, and like our two roosters, Ron has never and will never shy away from telling you what’s on his mind at any point during the day.
* Football players being pumped up all game long in the rain.
When a housing and credit bubble goes out of control, Edwards warned, “you tap your foot on the brakes and whole thing starts crashing and you can’t control it.” China is heading for a classic “hard landing”, and when it comes, it will slow the whole global economy to stall speed. The next global recession is not far off, it will be at least as bad as the last one, and this time few of the emerging economies (except perhaps India’s) will be exempt.
They sent me some envelopes to keep donations in that people give me in person, and some little pamphlets to hand out to people and a pin to wear. I think I will wear it on the hat I am sure I am going to be wearing for a long time.
We can also observe around us that there are forms of Americanization in countries globally. There are several forms of Americanization found in several countries, examples are American brands, like Microsoft, Coca-Cola and Fast Food Restaurants like McDonald’s, KFC, so on and on.
Sean Connery wore a toupee in every James Bond film that he starred in, beginning with Dr. No (1962).
As a group, the B vitamins have a broad range of functions, including the maintenance of myelin, which is the covering of nerve cells. A breakdown of myelin can cause a large and devastating variety of neurologic symptoms.
Love you and miss you all!!!
that will confront issues, lovingly & honestly point out my faults, talk about problems,
These are or were at some point...some of my favorite things:
of the forest, the trees
Of course, if that were the whole film, we’d have a dull film, so there’s more conflict to come. Roger is a bit of a daredevil, which gets him into trouble as he and Peter attempt to block off the mall entrances with semis. When Fran wants to learn how to fly the helicopter (just in case), her practicing alerts a group of looters to the presence of the quartet in the mall, and brings them on the attack. This destroys the relative calm and zombie-free atmosphere of the place. All hell breaks lose, and ultimately, the group has to make some very difficult decisions if they are going to survive.
It sounds like I am getting ready to break up with my blog. I.AM.NOT.
We managed to be near the front of the pack which is great. The beginning of the walk is thru the main downtown street and it usually gets bunched up and slow there. It is fun because a lot of the restuarants have outdoor seating and they get a free floor show and we get a lot of cheering on - but it does slow us down.
creating different images with the moon ever since. A lot of the images
As outlined in OLG’s corporate blog, the small stipulation that received a lot of attention:
I have survived day 1 of our state testing! It is always so exhausting! I cannot wait until it's over and we can begin the fun end of the year activities!
And lastly, here is a photo of Mandi (and I'm in the background) she'd never seen deep-dish pizza before. I love this photo it's such a hoot! I'm totally going to use this shot in my work.
According to the scientists, this process is much simpler than stem cell transplants and has none of the ethical concerns, making it a potential turning point in the science of tissue regeneration.
I haven’t posted in a month....not because I was lazy (which I can be, but I kept to my working out 3 x's a week schedule so there!) or a big time procrastinator (which I am...nothing more to say about that). I did think a lot about my little blog. I wanted to write and publish something…anything. But the reality is I had nothing. I couldn’t even create jewelry as nothing really inspired me. I felt so…what’s the word…blah…couldn’t come up with a more intelligent word, but really that’s how I felt. I was so not into the creative process that I didn’t even check the blogs I normally read daily...until today. And let me tell you thank goodness I did! I read a post by Flamingo Toes. Here is the link to her blog www.flamingotoes.com Check it out! She rocks! She posted about her “blogiversary” and how she wanted to create a blog but was too insecure to do it, etc., etc. That’s me! And I’m sure many others out there. And, unfortunately, that has stopped me from doing and trying new things. So sad. BUT! Her blog inspired me to move forward. To heed the title of my blog “Going with It” and actually go with it! Yeah, nobody is reading my words or seeing my photos now, but maybe, just maybe in time I’ll have followers too! I’ll have people giving me a virtual “high five” and telling me how “amazing” they think I am! LOL! OK, too much caffeine but hey, you gotta dream big to live big! Or something like that. Anyway, this is my third post and I feel great because, although I didn't post any tutorials, great recipe, or new jewelry, I posted! And that's a start!
My Dad always used to say “children are a worry from the cradle til the grave” and it’s only since having a child of my own that I fully appreciate his wise statment. Jess is hardly a child now at almost 20 years old but she will always be my baby.
but I was determined to find out.
When I feel like quitting, I have a saying "This too shall Pass" and it always does.
We put it in the next day and finished it, damp and drizzly day that it was. What a find!
Specific rules for both Sassy Lil' Sketches site can be found on our Sassy Lil' Sketches "Rules" page.
gaping rapturously wide.
I know exactly what you’re thinking. No one plays football on Sunday morning. That would destroy any dreams of going out on Saturday night. Well guess what! I went out on Saturday night! I had forgotten practice was at 10:30 in the morning.
I sing: in the car and get told to stop
The mother snapped at me.
I recently bought a Silhoutte Cameo cutting machine and wanted to make an intricate paper piece to give the machine a workout since it is suppose to be so good at cutting. Well untold hours later I produced this card but I had to use my SCAL 3 program because most of my cutting files are svgs and I can't import svgs to the Cameo without buying their 50 dollar Design Studio Edition. One of the issues I was having using scal and cutting with cameo was I had to make adjustments to my blade depth, pressure and speed since I didn't really know how this machine cut paper and cardstock. Changing the blade depth to match the type of paper used is really a pain in the neck because you don't just turn the dial like you do on the cricut, you have to take it out and use the little rachet thingy to turn to the number, I used the default options for speed and pressure but I think I need to work on these so I can get better cuts. I couldn't find the multi cut option on scal 3 like there was on scal 2, oy vey.
- My maternity pencil skirt is getting a lot of use as well. Both the first skirt and this one make any shirt a maternity shirt. Who cares if the blouse covers your stomach? These skirts take care of that.
when i got my own life ?
Observation: I guess I am noticing this morning that Jesus is saying that he will give us all that we ask the Father in His name, but only in such a way that it will make our joy complete. If we are asking for something that would not complete our joy, then it will not be given to us. We must, therefore, be humble in asking for what we need, because we do not know if giving it to us would indeed make our joy complete.
This is one of the finest war movies of the fifties and bears comparison to the best of Sam Fuller. It is probably one of Aldrich’s least known films but deserves a much wider recognition. It is on DVD in R1 and R2 from MGM and the full screen image looks very good. Being an MGM release the only supplement is a trailer. However, a movie as good as this should have a place in any self-respecting war collection.
Isaiah 45:1
Seth looked up in shock. "What?"
Greyhound Plaza
I am up bright and early today. Mr Scruff headed out at 4.30am this morning, leaving me to settle the two kids when they both stirred at 5am. I failed and so our day began with the first light.
Williston Basin Speedway in Williston is a charming area in search of the north dakota home school of the north dakota home school as low-cost housing, alternative energy development, and infrastructure construction not only come to visit The Dakota zoo has about 600 animals which includes lions and animals from the north dakota home school of daily life.
Yesterday I blogged about Dick Teresi’s new book, The Undead. Whatever you might think about his conclusions—legitimate or fantastical, researched or irresponsible—it is an interesting read.
something I enjoy doing, from when I was little.
And pay the debt I never promised,
T (my trainer) has me stop and she thinks perhaps it's saddle fit. He had no stones in his feet, no heat or swelling in any of the legs. Nothing. But she thinks that perhaps my saddle is just a tad bit too wide and so therefore sitting on his withers. As she has always had OTTBs, I'm thinking she's probably right. But, she's confident that a riser, or wither-relief, pad will do the trick. But, I just didn't really think it explained him being completely fine while on the longe, fine while we went one direction, and then off the other way. Then I got off of him, longed him a little and he was still unwilling to stride out and seemed off.
The bungalow at affluent Pinhorn Road at the Green Lane area, which the CM is staying, is worth RM2.5million and that was the valuation in 2009.
Note the Levi's blue jean jacket (which I still own), decorated with band pins, the Wayfarers, the "Frankie Say WAR! Don't Do It" T shirt, the Guess tapered jeans with zippers at the bottom for an even tighter fit around the ankles, and the Converse high tops. If you looked at me from behind, you would have seen a bleached blond rat tail, and a perky teenage ass that I didn't appreciate at the time.
She feels power. She feels like she is going to get that piece of soul after all. That stupid neighbor will fall. She will fall. hahahhahahah.
Hometown: Born, raised, schooled and worked in Kuala Lumpur.
Omar Wild Hamadi: Don’t dream of a peaceful solution,
Bacon jam. I need a camera that takes food pictures better. It looks better in person. I had to let it simmer for two hours. Then it said to put it the food processor. All I have is a blender. It worked out, but I had to keep opening the top and give a mix.
Kaiser Imperial Octoberfest (Avery). Extremely Large and toasty lager with light ester undertones. Brewer, Steve ‘Breeze’ Breezley.
I make others read it.
1 curtain
Amani Battle Bear – ZA Timed Run
6. Safe
We had a small Thanksgiving with our immediate family. It was nice and peaceful.
An interesting study by Brent Allred and Walter Park, “Patent rights and innovative activity: Evidence from national and firm-level data", published in the Journal of International Business Studies 38(6): 878-900, is one of those economist studies that shed some interesting light on the relationship between patents and innovation, a much underexplored area in Europe.
That’s pretty funny. No author has ever given me a bookstore contact. The ONLY bookstore I ever called was the one that Jones has pictured on his site. It is called Books N’ More an Indianapolis bookstore. It is there for anyone to view, so I called the store to see if the books were still being displayed. The owner told me they were taken down last July. It had nothing to do with Bonnie Kaye, but rather that the books weren’t selling and it was a temporary display.
‘A rare but critical window into the scale, nature and contradictions of contemporary immigration into the UK. … A welcome and essential read for anyone interested in going beyond simplistic headlines.’ – Danny Sriskandarajah, former Head of Migration at the Institute for Public Policy Research
I imagine that my breasts are rather disappointed with their lot in life. Born to a tomboy, they were rarely alloted their moment in the spotlight. I found them cumbersome and inconvenient most of the time, probably because I was given grown-up boobs at a point in my life when I still enjoyed climbing trees and playing sports. While most girls were busy stuffing their bras with tissues and rubberized chicken cutlets, I was using every means I could think of to diminish mine, short of duct taping them down.
The Maquis crew members naturally play a part in the show. With tension arising every so often and episodes revolving around this.
Most of my friends are tied-down with family commitments and are not able to slip away on a moment's notice. For a brief moment I felt sorry for myself while I racked my brain for who to call.
no – it is still beating, i think
“Okay, okay!!! But comeback before five !!!”
It’s the ‘hood’, man. Malcolm’s ‘hood’.
Friday- Small containers of Wave petunias
PS. After our dinner we walked through the Public Gardens on the way to the Back Bay train station. As these young men approached us, I thought, “These boys must have a reservation at No 9 Park.”
Garlic, 3 pcs, chopped finely
Indeed, Der Spiegel adds that "'spying' by Chinese architects would not have been conspicuous in Hallstatt, where there are up to 800,000 visitors each year who 'photograph everything and everyone,'" according to the town's mayor. This constant, everyday documentation—an archive of the quotidian, rivaling Ulysses—could thus be put to alternative use, not as a seed for nostalgia or as a collection of personal souvenirs, but as a means for generating construction diagrams.
And so, when I see Buckingham Palace – where the very nobility Americans rebelled against over two hundred years ago resides to this day -- I guess I can’t help it. My first impulse as a Yankee -- encoded perhaps in my cultural DNA -- is to reduce the inhabitants inside to “Lizzie and Phil” – you know, just another couple from the Rotary Club.
While I certainly will be adjusting to a lifestyle quite unlike the Irish one I am so accustomed to, France will be a welcome change. It is undoubtedly a country with a past. Centuries of bloodstained history define my future home: tales of beheaded Kings and battles to the death, tested rivalries and colossal challenges to the defence of the country’s borders from seemingly unconquerable foreign armies echo throughout the ages.
tinkling bell says goodbye
Across the street, O Chateau's Olivier was welcoming crowds of wine enthusiasts to his subterranean wine tasting emporium. If you're in the market for a crash course in French wines, this is the man to see.
grill - need to check the freezer but if all else fails it will be hamburgers & hot dogs
I thought this anime was the funnies thing!
Lunaracers are popular shoes, and I know that most Nike shoes that I own fit quite well so they seemed like a good choice! I’m yet to run in them – I’ll get one run with them this week, and then hopefully race in them on the weekend!
And hatred too.
Of course again, the lie is only as effective, as the number of people who do not know the truth, but unfortunately for them, as their lies get bigger so do the number of witnesses.
Some Of The Main Reasons Your Really Need To Wear A Bike Helmet When Bicycling
A good place to start perhaps is in reminding ourselves of the difference between Psychics and Mediums. In my mind, a Medium is someone who communicates with the spirits of the dead and with spirit guides or other entities, such as Angels for example.
I am not all together excellent at doing research, so most of my it involved reading things that I didn't really understand, misunderstanding, looking at pictures and rooting about for something interesting. I knew I'd know it when I found it, or at least, a long time after I'd read about it and copied it into my note-book, I'd know why I found it interesting.
What interests me is finding a place where we personally, in our most honest moments, feel at peace with our choices.
So why am I telling you all of this, besides to invoke a bit of sympathy for how tired we will all be by Sunday morning? To let you know that its not going to be a normal week here at Psych Your Mind. We've decided to forgo our usual posts this week in order to do a semi "live-blogging" from the SPSP conference. We are not entirely sure what this will look like, but likely it will end up being each of us posting one or two brief write-ups summarizing the talks we heard that day, highlighting interesting or favorite findings, or merely complaining about the sheer enormity of the entire event (okay, less likely to be that last one, I'll save that for the personal blog). We may also be tweeting one-liners if we hear an interesting tidbit or attend a particularly cutting-edge talk that we just can't wait to tell the world about. So keep checking back with us here at PYM all weekend long (starting Thursday)!
Use the leftover marinade as the sauce. Cook it in the frying pan and bring to a boil. Pour a little of the sauce into the fried taukan before serving.
Jesus is the foundation of the spiritual house that God is building (verse 5). Those who reject this foundation are not part of God’s spiritual house. They are on the outside because they reject God’s plan.
So this time, to enter, you can do one of two things, or both for an extra entry!
SBI also partnered with PNC Bank, who is sending representatives to do a variety of workshops with our adult students as well as their children. PNC Bank currently runs a program titled “S” is for Savings”, in which PNC has partnered with Sesame Street to develop a child-friendly program in order to get children thinking about good financial habits, and to also get parents more involved in developing good financial habits with their children. I will be working closely with PNC representative from our local Lantana and Jog Branch to continue giving workshops on useful topics such as “How to get out of Debt”.
“I commend Attorney General Schneiderman for looking into the NYPD’s stop-and-frisk policy,” said Council Member Letitia James. “Unfortunately, in the face of widespread criticism and evidence that stop-and-frisk violates the constitutional rights of an overwhelming number of innocent individuals with minimal results, the administration continues to champion this approach. I hope that AG Schneiderman takes action if his investigations mirror the current evidence and data available.”
When personal injury attorney Addy Giordano is hired by a client who claims to have a horrific injury that causes the worse pain known to man, Addy is willing to do just about anything to prove that her client is the real deal and not pushing an insurance scam to its limit.
*all of my photos were edited with Photoshop Elements 8.0 and Lightroom 2.0
RUSSELL ML, HENDERSON EA. The measurement of influenza vaccine coverage among health care workers. Am J Infect Control 2003; 31: 457-461.
When I saw this at the Arboretum on the 12th of June, it reminded me of my crafts. Of how I draw and create a picture.
Lightly spoon 2 cups flour into dry measuring cups, and level with a knife. Combine 2 cups flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt, stirring with a whisk.
I have been bragging about how well she's been,
There are certain institutions that for me define a particular dish or a food item — one of these is Katz’s Deli, on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. For many of us that live in the NY area, there is currently no other pastrami being served that deserves the level of praises that Katz’s receives. It is also a deli of legend, dating back to the 19th century, and has survived 2 world wars and contributed to the American victory of the second, with its “Send a salami to your boy in the army” campaign and mail order business that that continues to survive this very day.
It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the look I was going for. And replicating this on the entire dresser was going to be a pain in my rear.
For me, only a handful of movies have captured the true spirit of the newsroom, the drudgery, the dilemmas and the dangers that are associated with journalism and the hunt for the elusive scoop. That short list would include “All The President’s Men”, “The Killing Fields”, “Zodiac” and the film that is the subject of this post – “Absence Of Malice”.
Good understanding in mechanical design concept and technical drawing.
His death scene is an unwatchable mess of more music-video-vomit-style editing and Val Kilmer’s drugged out muttering over the top, with the added bonus of seeing the cop’s bludgeoned bloody body at the end – classy, movie; real classy. I'd post a picture, but really that would just be buying into the movie's exploitative, poor-taste crap, and I'm above that.
Another worrisome aspect of
Tacos Santa Cecilia
Yes, Virginia, someone in liberal Hollywood finally found the balls to bring up Barack Obama’s bloodiest scandal.
—Susan Salter Reynolds
Basically for the next 45 minutes I attempted to incorporate the “key principles of core stability and blending them with the fusion of muscle dynamics.” When you do things correctly, it should look like this:
May the Lord keep you safe this night, and bless your upcoming days!
Not only that, but you get to spend your afternoon actually watching a track meet. Not an abbreviated version of a track meet, but a full set of competition. All the sprints, all the distances, all the jumps and all the throws! You don't get the long jump, without the triple jump, or the 100 without the 200. You get it all - and so do the athletes! There's nothing like watching competitive athletes going at it not once, but sometimes twice or three times over the course of an afternoon. Sprinter Blue, Sprinter Yellow and Sprinter Green go at it in the 4x1 and Sprinter Blue's team wins. Then Blue and Green go head to head in the 100, with Green getting the win - while Yellow won the 400 just a couple of events before. Later we get Blue, Green AND Yellow going at it over 200 meters with Blue edging Yellow & Green! Typically you see this over and over with athletes competing in multiple events doubling in the 800 & mile, or the long jump and triple jump, or the shot and discus. Each set of competitions bringing athletes together looking for both victory and redemption within the same meet. No threat of world records being broken but stirring competition all afternoon long!
Boulevard Brewing Co. Pale Ale
Winners will be drawn by Mrs. Random. org and will be posted on December 24 !!
not knowing what to say in the first place.
The quantity and excellence of rental email lists available also usually do not match in B2B and B2B. The greater targeted and much less techie your audience, the less variety of B2B lists exists. Within this list you obtain details in regards to the prospect and the company, like size, annual revenue, job function etc. Out-of-date email addresses is a huge condition in B2B in comparison to B2c. The company email address is untraceable once that individual leaves company A for company B when the return path just isn’t mentioned. Email marketing can be a hugely powerful tool for businesses. It’s liberated to reach huge audiences and today’s email marketing tools offer you a large amount of flexibility to produce a wonderful looking message. But every email can be rivaling spam emails, submitted bulk from around the globe and individuals are becoming fatigued from the email medium. How do we get an email message read and replied to?
The sky was overcast with clouds that threatened rain. The air was somewhat cooler than it had been in the past week so it seemed like a good time to do the work that needed doing. Although I had pulled weeds and transplanted flowers last week, there still remained empty patches rapidly refilling with weeds and large clumps of marigolds to be thinned. Pansies and snapdragons that had spontaneously sprouted around the garden had to be corralled into their respective areas, and the snails had to be dealt with. All this I did, and as I uprooted, transplanted, weeded and watered, I couldn't help noticing the smile on my face and how good and energetic I felt in spite of the fact that I hadn't slept nearly enough. At last I stepped back to survey what I had done and I stood in awe. The weedy, open areas of dirt, the dense clumps of marigolds and haphazard patches of pansies were gone. In their places stood orderly rows of flowers and soil free of weeds. It was as if in the process of putting the garden to rights, it had undergone a metamorphosis. It looked better, to be sure, but it was more than that. It FELT better. It felt RIGHT. It was as if everything was finally where it was supposed to be and this created an energetic shift. I looked at my garden as if I was seeing it for the very first time, not unlike the way a father looks at his daughter when she is ready to leave for her prom, with pride, awe and wonder at the beauty of it all. It was a case of the whole being more than just the sum of its parts.
Steve and his assistant Emma (SALLY PHILLIPS) must find a decoy bride and think that local girl Katie (KELLY MACDONALD) will be an ideal replacement. But when Katie meets James, sparks fly, dresses get ruined and love gets complicated.
- 2 cups slightly wilted spinach (pop it in the microwave for about 10 seconds)
Lucas Hembree & Juno
As I was approaching the intersection of king and regent, I noticed a lady and a man crossing the steet in front of me. I naturally slowed down for them, and glanced in my side view mirror only to see this windstar coming up fast on my inside. I stopped the van and blew the horn to warn the lady and man that were crossing.
Minimum wage rates, whether decreed and enforced by the government or by labor union pressure and violence, result in mass unemployment prolonged year after year as soon as they try to raise wage rates above the height of the unhampered market.
Peace Cynthia
FORT WORTH — For more than eight months, officials have been forcibly injecting convicted murderer Steven Kenneth Staley with anti- psychotic drugs that one day may make him sane enough to be executed.Whether Staley deserves to die is not an issue — that was decided long ago by a Tarrant County jury and upheld by the appellate courts. The controversy surrounding Staley now is a complex issue at the forefront of a legal debate about the death penalty in the United States:
-Question: What are the two easiest things to do when we don’t get the results we want?
For several months now I've been working with a group of 2nd graders in preparation for a storytelling contest, and the kids have really found their groove. The competition is Saturday morning down in Lubbock, Texas and I'm eager to see how they fare. Here is how it works. Someone reads them a story and then one by one they go to a different room and tell retell the story they just heard to an audience and judge that has not heard the original version. My only concern was and is their nerves at standing before a room of strangers. I've been trying to teach them how to improvise and make the story their own to distinguish themselves from the group. This week I brought in an audience to get them used to speaking in front of strangers.
We'll dance the Zigzag polka, dance it night and day!
I wanted my son to develop his own interests and refused to buy into stereotypes that boys like moving vehicles and not much else. By the time he turned one, he had twenty of them – pickup trucks, race cars, firetrucks, and dump trucks. All gifts. Turns out, he loves them. He also enjoys playing dress up, pretend playing with Kipper- his dog and friend (and a soft toy), pretend cooking, and playing with blocks. While I may choke up with parental pride at his being so well-rounded, I know very well that he will change when he starts school and sees what other boys do, don’t do, or are not supposed to do. I also know that this may well be a part of growing up and the pre-school news flash that boys and girls are different.
Professor: Tell us if you have ever heard your GOD?
We get another very brief glimpse of The Mother in this episode of HIMYM. Future Ted recalls the first time he told her he loved her. What brought up this memory? That’d be the events we first saw last week.
it’s because I’ve banished doubts…
2. Michelob Porter
DOGTV… you read correctly, DOGTV, the newest channel to hit cable. Mom says they’re testing programming right now in this far away place called San Diego. Imagine, eight hours of daily programming where the sounds, color and pace reflect our K9 sensitivities.
To “GIVE” power unto another is giving up ones “OWN” Life Force Energy! This will eventually over turn your NATURAL BALANCE and disrupt your souls evolutionary growth. By doing or allowing this to occur it will cause DISease and DIScomforts to your BEing, which Chelas you all know what that all eventually leads to….Cancer/Depression/Anxiety/Hyper-tensions…..STRESS…..and you all know the list can go on and on…… FORGIVE thyself and you can find that forgiveness upon an due to ALL things. As you find that harmonic centered balance within and an more “Complete” knowledge and wisdom that ALL things are in growth stages here upon earth. ALL things were created out of PURE LOVE and ENERGY UNCONDITIONALLY!
Most do not realise it but the British public had been subject to a campaign of disinformation for a period of almost half a century. We have been lied to, repeatedly and deliberately for a variety of motives, none of which had anything to do with the best interests of you or your country . They lied to hide the fact that they were allowing the largest alien invasion of this country in our Island's history and in order to keep you placidly obedient whilst they changed our country beyond all recognition.
a cubit is six palms
"American Craft Beer Week is an annual celebration of these historic beer times and the amazing community citizenship of craft brewers," said Brewers Association spokesperson Julia Herz. "With an emphasis to savor the flavor responsibly and the resurgence of a rich brewing culture here in the U.S., the week is a chance to highlight and recognize the incredible contributions of America's craft brewers."
Bake for 35 - 40 minutes, remove from the oven, run a knife around rim of pan to loosen cake and cool before removing rim. Refrigerate for up to 4 hours.
- It has an underlying beige-coloured patina, worn away in places to reveal the milky white, translucent glass forming the base on which the photograph was made.
O'Rourke and Grubbs are in top form on Camoufleur (Drag City, 1998), a makeshift meeting of abstract art and pop music, and, in a way, the alter ego of Upgrade And Afterlife. Two ballads tower over the album. O'Rourke's Mouth Canyon is languid and hypnotic. The texture is apparently simple but actually quite complex. Grubbs' Blues Subtitled No Sense Of Wonder is a masterpiece of restrained dynamics: piano, noise, organ, cello and trumpet behave like voices of a crowd, then soar together to accompany the human voice, and finally fade out, leaving a plaintive piano to spill out anemic notes. There is a sense of apathy and futility that envelops and warps these ballads.
I was really thrilled when I met her again during the retreat I organized during the weekend (which will be posted in another blog).
they comfort me.
“So long sir,” I tell him. “Have a nice day.” Then I whisper, “Prick.”
Advice: How does one keep preschoolers from trying to sit on the bagging area. It's some sort of gravity field, some of impossible temptation....
I did an entire post about the Computer History Museum just a few months ago. It would seem the entire history of Silicon Valley (and more) is contained in this building (the former location of Silicon Graphics). You could literally spend an entire day here. I've been to the museum twice and wouldn't mind going back again. While not entirely my cup of tea it's interesting nonetheless and a bit surreal at times seeing things that I've only ever heard about or seen on tv before. CLICK HERE to learn more about the docent led tours the museum offers several days a week. The page says "School Groups" but I was told that the information pertains to all group visits.
O yes I must not forget the legals LOL
See you all next week.
Not just any watch – this beauty is a split-seconds chronograph that not only measures the duration of an event but also allows lap and reference times to be stopped.
Critics of the law argue that it is being used to stifle discussion of the monarchy’s future, at a time of heightened public anxiety over the succession, because of the King’s age and frail health.
Dorset Apple Cake
prisoner in Cuba
Description: A black-and-white study of a social environment in London, concentrating on a pair of unlikely new friends and the girl they both fancy.
Could it be that he wasn't caught because he didn't fit the profile? Might it be that the police were not looking for him because he wasn't the colour that serial killers are supposed to be?
As you can see, a lot of work goes into ensuring that all of us are fed according to our goals. Time management is key and planning ahead helps to keep us from making late-night visits to the 24 hr Loblaws Superstore (which is conveniently across the street, but it’s proximity can also be deadly when a craving strikes! lol).
Me and Simon decided to make a day trip to Oldham. I can't imagine many others ever did that. The train comnection was rubbish so we went by coach. Something that was to colour my day. One of the main reaons we picked Oldham was the Oldham brewery. You couldn't really get their beers anywhere else.
Over the ridge they appeared!
Feelings and psychological states are inherently a part of the human experience – but they are a very poor basis for human community and culture. The rise and dominance of consumer culture is the result of experience being exalted to the pivotal point of our existence. We shop, we buy, we consume in order to “feel” good. And the feelings which we deem “good,” are themselves those that are sold to us in the deeply psychologized world of advertising. That God makes me feel good can be little more than saying, “I like salt, sugar and fat.”
Furthermore, the recent launches of smaller strata-titled industrial units (around 1,000 to 1,200 sq ft) have made the asset class more affordable to a wider range of investors. The current industrial rental yield of around 5 to 7 per cent also looks attractive to many investors, even after adjusting for the sector’s shorter land leases, typically 30 to 60 years versus 99 years for offices.
The last step is to take a razor blade (I think you can buy a special tool by Band-It, but you don't need it if you've got a box knife) and slice off all the extra bits of edging hanging on the sides and end so that it's the perfect width for the thickness of the plywood. I noticed after the fact that you can see the "seam" where they've connected two pieces of the edging together. This could be obvious with lighter stains but since we were going dark I wasn't worried about it too much.
Coriander seeds: ¾ tablespoon
We can't wait to return to Apt. #2. But we're won't count on a "one and only", because these places come and go from the market.
We're being paid out for a big vapcool job we did a while ago, and my
I have heard a few “interesting” comments since I started my weight loss but the one I am getting the most traction out of came this weekend. AN old friend, maybe a about 2-3 inches shorter than I am, asked how much weight I had lost and what I weigh now. I told him I had lost about 63 pounds and was right around 242 pounds. His comment: “Wow, you have lost all that weight and you still weigh more than me!” I just smiled. What else could I do? I am still chuckling….
Whatever the criticism, the world will pay attention to what Assange has to say about the world tomorrow. Bring it on, Assange. We are all ears.
Stay tune for a wonderful announcement!
2. Cook in preheat airfryer for 15 minutes under 180 deg C.
Buster had been trained to react to verbal and visual commands concurrently. This was because the commands at the higher levels were often given from a distance with a lot of noise going on around the competition ring, so he’d be more likely to see and react to a visual command.
“I think we do have to resolve the issue of separate schooling.”
Look at the thickness of the ganache – that takes some doing that does
Once again another Lovell's Day celebration has come and gone. It's always a good time with lots of traditions. The last full week of June is the X that marks the spot. As usual, we had our good friends the Poague's stay with us for the week and that's always a good time. However, Matt and I were both under the weather and weren't much fun. In fact we didn't even make it to all our usual "stops"!!
the fear of providing our general public with the enlightening new knowledge,
Jings Crivvens.
I don't think the brewery could have been put in better hands.
Andy appears to be level headed guy who's just laying out the facts. He looks and sounds rational....
I looked - it looked like a rather large mouse. It was no longer alive or at least it was doing a good job of pretending to be dead. I picked Laverne up and made her drop the large mouse. I called SH outside so he could see her trophy and admire and praise her for her good work. She does this while harnessed, you know, and with clipped toenails.
she is a funny wee dog!
So..how do YOU make healthy choices while out and about with friends?
I don’t use gels that often, but my experiences with the Vega gel were pretty positive. Each package has 100 calories and 22g of carbohydrates (17g of sugar). I liked that they use dates as a base, as that’s my fuel of choice when running long distances. The gel comes in two flavors: raspberry and orange. I only had a sample of the orange, and it tasted alright. Well, as alright as any gel ever tastes. My only complaint is that the gel package is a bit bigger than the Clifshot packages I’m used to, and I had a bit of trouble fitting it in my pouch. But that’s a pretty minor grievance.
-Lil’ Wayne gives his thoughts on Jeremy Lin “Laden”
Today I was almost on the verge of pleasant at work. This was helped, of course, by my being able to prank my boss bigtime. I love photoshop. Well, I love my co-worker's usage of photoshop with the pictures I provide her, as I don't actually need photoshop with my job. She and I however, come up with some damned good photoshopped pranks on coworkers. Today's picture was putting my boss's head on Robbie William's body. It worked a treat. (He told me he was going to a party this weekend where he had to dress up as a rock star.) We put it on his office door. He took it down pretty quick, as Robbie was pretty much shirtless and all, but we got him pretty good. We laugh a lot at my office, I must admit. Mostly because we are all just giant kids who also enjoy each other's company. I now have to find a victim whose face I can place on Hugh Jackman's amazingly beautiful naked torso.
Luke.
The iCopic challenge this week was to give some love to your lonely Copics. You know - those ones you don't use very often. Wow... I can actually say that of the colors I used on this, the R29 and 39 are the only colors I use frequently.
plant that you then repackage to make a mix?
As well it should. The space shuttle represents the pinnacle of aeronautical achievement that started on a beach in Kitty Hawk. in 1903.
Interview with Tom Lubin
Brenna Briggs writes the Liffey Rivers Irish Dancer mysteries.
Being a long-time fan of Chelsea Quinn Yarbro’s historical vampire series following the Count Saint-Germain--which always focuses on the less glamorous problems of being an immortal who needs to live among humans--for my first NaNo, I let myself follow the similar problems of all the baby steps of becoming a vampire, from the very first moment of transformation.
Got scribbled into children’s notebooks
13. Cliffs Of Rock City
Tidy shuffled uncomfortably in her bunk. “The voyage is going to be over too soon,” she said, half to herself.
Long time no see! I guess I`ve had my longest blogging break ever...
Rocca and green vegetable Salad
Cajun-seasoned, broiled catfish filets a few minutes before
1/2 cup sour cream
The TV serials did the opposite. The aim here was to represent the entire thing.. a ‘totality’ in pop cultural form. Of course a selection is implied even here. They did not show everything, they did not show some very disturbing episodes that would have argued against their perspective. But they created the illusion of completeness. This ‘was’ the entire Mahabharata and Ramayana (and what have you). The masala universe never tried to be comprehensive in this sense. It was just saying (for example) ‘ there are certain actions of Arjun that can be interpreted to this end in the light of contemporary Indian realities’. The serials did not perform the right wing translation of the same gesture but something altogether different.
This House of Worship is generally referred to as the “Lotus Temple”. In India, during the Hindu festival Durga Puja, several times a replica of the Lotus Temple has been made as a pandal, a temporary structure set up to venerate the goddess Durga. In Sikkim a permanent replica is of the Hindu Legship Mandir, dedicated to Shiva.
I feel in my spirit that I should write a short message from the book of Amos… Amos is known as the Prophet of Justice… and one of the Old Testament’s most powerful and forceful preachers of repentance and the justice of God. Sin is serious enough in the sight of God to warrant judgment. Christians have a hard time understanding the judgments of God because God’s thoughts are higher than our thoughts. Amos arrived in Israel at the time of great national prosperity. The nation was also growing in immorality and in indifference to God and His Word. This lesson will bless us if we can see God’s work in it… and His love and how He longs to save a people and a nation. Amos teaches national accountability for national sins, and that each individual man is accountable to God. The historical background is this… King Uzziah was ruling in Judah (767-739 B.C.) and Jeroboam was ruling in Israel (793-753 B.C.). Ten tribes (Israel) broke off from Judah after Solomon’s death. Jeroboam led his nation into idolatrous worship… he attempted to change the way God dealt with sin and instituted a counterfeit priesthood (1 Kings 12). Amos was sent by God to prophecy two years before the great earthquake (Amos 1:1). Josephus says that this earthquake came because of Uzziah’s attempt to take the priest’s office (2 Chronicles 26:16-21). Zechariah speaks of this earthquake three hundred years later (Zechariah 14:5).
IOSUD Blog (iosudblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Right. And why is that?
Any seriously proposed topic relevant to the specific or general theme of the Conference is welcomed.
Info: Pearl is the most seductive and beautiful woman ever. She is even prettier then Helen of Troy. She has the ability to make, form, use and breathe under water. She is the most powerful super-heroine around!
There are four steps to a mini:
Adrian is amazing in this book. He delivers his usually smooth banter but you can see underneath that he is still recovering in the wake of Rose. One of the proud moments I had with Adrian was when he decided to take control of his own life.
It looks pretty much like 'Game Over' in the Labour party, doesn't it?
(Yes, I’ve checked during emergency traffic.) I’ll think about the cars later and have a hard time recalling how many lanes were closed or if the traffic bunched up in the opposite direction. (Nosey people deserve a kick in the fucking neck.) I can breathe incredibly well. My lungs expand, my chest feels warm, and I smell things I’d rather not. Things slow down. I see so clearly that it feels like the world tilt-shifted around me.
Blogs: La Dolce Vita, of course! i suwanee because Jamie is hilarious and inspiring, The Neo Traditionalist because I feel like she is a kindred spirit as we seem to love so many of the same things, Mrs. Lilien for her flawless execution, and Coco + Kelley because I think Cassie really has blogging down to an art.
14
Enjoy and be grateful for those unexpected times when you find joy where you least expect it!
This week in AFS...
a secret garden hidden
Third of Teens Use Video Chat, Upload Videos – A new study from the Pew Internet & American Life Project finds that about a third of teen Internet users are using video chat services or uploading video to the Web.
There is the expected glut of concert tickets and back stage passes from the well-known bands or artists; a set of Island promotional playing cards is artfully displayed; a Bad Company sweat-shirt; lots of old yellowing contracts; company’s incorporation papers; a few original reel-to-reel tapes including one of Mille’s album; an Island clock, a fair smattering of Spencer Davis Group memorabilia; a Steve Winwood and Tony Hutcheson signed print of the original artwork for Steve’s first solo record; displays of seven inch singles on the Black Swan label as well as a number of the different imprint variants of the original Island pink label; a set of Bob Marley stamps issued in Jamaica to commemorate his passing; a very fair smattering of original album covers as well as loads of other fascinating ‘stuff’ but, as with all things, there is a fair amount of ‘stuff’ – rare as hen’s teeth ‘stuff’ – that’s not represented.
Now, I just need to learn how to use it properly. You see, obviously there are no Windows keys, that's a given. However, there is no Del, End, Home or Insert keys either, and it took me a while to figure out how to work out how to correct the whole issue with the ONE button mouse/mousepad.
Marshall isn’t happy at all about this, but Lily is thrilled. Barney gets the soon-to-be-dad to relax by ordering an alarming amount of shots and having them both turns off their phones for an hour. I’m pretty sure you can figure out what’s coming, and sure enough, when Barney turns his phone back on, it’s to find Lily’s seventeen voice messages to him and Marshall, saying she’s in labor.
LionAid held a conference in Johannesburg last week to establish the number of lions in Africa. Scientific and conservation management authorities from seven range states participated, but South African officials declined the invitation to attend.
Do you eat lychees? I love them as they're tricky to peel and therefore slow down the consumption by the Goofballs. I should coat all their food in a lychee shell. I wish Lindt balls came like this.....
Both of these are a direct and indirect result of citizens who have been bullshitted, bamboozled and lied to by their legal, political and religious farmers; who in turn were themselves bullshitted, bamboozled and lied to by their predecessors. The system may not have been devised to be a bullshitting, bamboozling and deception system, it may have simply evolved to such a state, as a result of ignorance, collective denial and the conformity and herdlike behaviour of humans in a crowd. The Pied Piper as such need not be any ‘evil individual’ or even ‘evil group of individuals’ but purely the ‘evil memes’ which we all allowed due to ignorance, self-deception, addiction to conformity, etc. to hijack our critical thinking faculties; to force us into ever tighter intellectual and relational straight-jackets.
So, I mentioned that I've been keeping a log of my daily activities, and I thought you'd enjoy this glimpse into one of my days and my attempts to get things done around the house.
Marley's house (a local schooled friend she hasn't seen for a while), which I really want to see how their dog turned out –probably very very big now (the dog is a Great Dane).
if I push me lips into me mouth,
Gotten in a car accident
There has been some excitement out in the woods this year!! After some shopping around and a huge sale at Canadian Tire, The Little Cabin finally got a new canoe! Our old canoe inadvertently got destroyed by some workers who needed space. The circa 1970s fibreglass canoe was still embedded in the ice and snow but the workers needed it moved so they pried it out thus ripping off the hand crafted wood gunwales and tearing out the yoke and one of the seats. It really is a sad sight, this lovely old canoe in such a state.
On governance:
-watercress (found in stream side)
The new spring line from Emerson Fry went live today. Pretty, pretty. Especially the orange dresses. Tempted, so very tempted. I'm somewhat head over heels for the orange and white dress, but at almost $400 I'd rather spend my pennies elsewhere. I can't quite see myself wearing that I as hop around to the park and pool this summer.
jet-setting jennifer
“People aren’t afraid of each other the way they are in cities, where even making eye contact with someone can lead to verbal abuse. I’m also convinced the men you meet in the countryside are nicer characters than those in the city. They are easier to approach, less arrogant and not at all concerned iwth how you look or whether you’re wearing designer clothes.”
By meeting time, there is a strong possibility of snow turning to freezing rain, making both driving and walking a bit dangerous.
Birds chirping;
Multi Touch Input Screen
Ok. Now I have a bit of a problem. Everyone was asked to leave the hall for sound checking. At the time I didn’t have a problem with this, as it’s not unusual for things to be done a little bit differently here. But after 40 minutes, with enough shade to cover maybe a third of the punters, whilst everyone else either fucked off or sat out in the 37C heat, it all became a bit much. Any way… moving on….,
Let's get this into perspective. I took a group of Swiss students into the National Marine Aquarium in Plymouth one year for an environmental writing session. I learned that a shark is killed I believe every three seconds, day and night, somewhere in the world, whereas humans killed by shark each year only amount to a dozen, and many of these killings are apparently either in self-defence (struggling on the floor of a fishing boat having been landed) or by accident – mistaking a human for a seal (they usually let go once they realise). And I was touched (hard to imagine, isn't it, being engaged by a shark with anything other than trepidation or fear, or at most curiosity) by young Enzo – a little shark (can't remember what type) who was so 'scared' of the dark that if they switched the tank lights off at night he invariably threw himself out of the water into the 'deck'.
I know, some of you will say that even "typical" children can vary so vastly in their developmental milestones.
Of course there’s also the concern about whether Bruce/Batman dies. At one point in the trailer, Selina’s asked by Joseph Gordon-Levitt’s character “did he kill him?” The finger seems to point at him referring to Bane killing Batman. There’s also Batman responding to Catwoman ( “you’ve given them everything”) with “not everything. Not yet.” It might be a long shot, but perhaps Levitt’s questioning of Selina is right at or around the end.
Taking care of your skin as nature intended.
We saw the sights of Goolwa the next day and then headed back into town to let our stomachs contract and our livers de-marinate but received a text that more eating and drinking needed to be done so it was back out again. We met up with Nicole and Calvin (two culprits from Friday night) as well as Adam and had tea at our old stomping ground, the Kentish. A small amount of shenanigans occurred at the bar and then later at Adams house but after such a huge weekend we were all partied out and it was time to get back into the swing of work.
Alice Austen was not a professional photographer. She did not get paid to document the world or to hover over developing chemicals. She took pictures because she loved it.
Clients have since phoned many of these publishers, only to be told that none had heard of Hill, much less received any material from him. I’m working to confirm this myself, via a contact at Crown.
As we chatted I noticed a couple we'd seen earlier at the pub.I drew Chefs attention,they were just out of his line of vision.I described the chaps camel suit.
Our anatomy scan went good and I was very pleased until they let me get up and told us they were finished. I then ran to the bathroom because holding it for an entire hour while someone pushed straight on your bladder was not a pleasant experience. When I got back our tech had printed all of our pictures and told me they needed to get a few more shots of baby so had me lay back down. After about 10 minutes our tech had to go get her "coworker" who happened to be her supervisor (I found out on our way out and saw her desk) for help. They kept us there for 30 minutes longer just looking at one spot on Bennett which I could tell was his head. Of course, I'm a nervous wreck and of course, the techs wouldn't tell us a thing. I do understand that's not their job, but no reassurance that our baby was healthy is rough! I am hoping and praying that our tech is new and just missed a shot that is required. That's what Greg is banking on, but I cannot help but worry! Anyone have a similar situation happen to them?
There’s nothing I can say about peace that hasn’t already been said, so I’ve chosen a series of quotes on the subject. I hope you find them inspiring. I’ll leave you with Vince Gill’s version of ‘Let There Be Peace on Earth”.
One rank and file leader last night revealed it can take an officer up to six hours just to issue a caution to a foreign offender who does not speak English.
My last birthday brought me an iPad.
And their spelling was terrible!
Salutations
Knowing the love of Christ takes eternity. Only with an eternity could one even begin to understand anything that surpasses knowledge!
My point is, and I am obviously having a hard time explaining this, that I believe that there may be a basis for websites set to question bad blogging.
This is a beer way out of season to be trying in June but it was on a discount rack and my cohort Trüb (pronounced tr'oob, rhymes with teets) was eager to try it. I had it last fall and was a little bothered by the spice rack perfume masque nailed to the face of a pale ale, but in general I'd drink it for the occasional episodes of spitting fire or washing down a number four combo at McDonalds. I prefer a darker beer or one with a hint of pumpkin goodness like Blue Moon's Pumpkin Beer, which is far more wholesome and religious and brings down the moon in the autumn to light the Devil's way home sans all the cackling witchery and hobgoblin potpourri spicing. 1 1/2 pumpkins and 3.7621 broom handles.
So I’m gonna tell you this story, a story about a girl. This girl was kinda.. doped up on Sleeping Tablets and decided to change the layout of her blog. Fast forward 24 hours when she goes to start writing a blog post. “This is not my blog!!” She exclaims… “This is not my theme”… Then it hits her.. “Oh..I forgot..” That is the story of me 1 hour ago!.. Sometimes I even shock myself with how silly I can be…
You Asked: Boarding procedures
I began the usual routine, around 9:00 pm. Shower and shave, dress, drive to The Boss's warehouse; check out the car, load the ice, inspect for cleanliness; make sure of the address, lock up and head out, allowing plenty of time to get to the customer's place. I'll need caffeination, so there's a mandatory stop for coffee.
It’s not so much that the story Bresson adapts lacks the ability to be interesting, there are elements from the family struggles of Mouchette (Nadine Nortier) to her accessory involvement in a crime. I could see something coming from this. It’s clear enough that Mouchette is an outcast, yet even if one knows the type enough to buy her role in all this, that doesn’t mean the film has earned it or really made one care. Nothing here feels authentically human. The acting is stiff, the dialogue stiffer. Events happen that should cause a dramatic emotional impact, yet nothing registers in the characters’ demeanor.
trouble is,
And I lied, one last thing about Warmachine. Players rock. They go to your throat, using every little point and comma in the rules. And that’s how you’re supposed to play. You cannot bend the rules, nor break them, and nobody is into that. You have to exploit them, but not abuse them. Every little advantage you get is tactics, not rules-lawyering. I have never seen this in a wargame of this kind before.
We are nice and settled into our place here, so I thought it was about time for some pictures. It's a pretty basic townhouse. It is three levels: basement and garage on the first floor, kitchen, living room and dining area on the second floor, and two bedrooms and a little office nook on the third floor. It works out well for how much space we need, but we have had to make some adjustments from all the room we had in good ole' Tennessee.
Of course, I may have just caused a rippling amongst the depths of Christianity. I am a Christian, an imperfect one, but one nonetheless. I know God does not like divorce. I have read the scriptures. And yes, I know that if I pray about it, he “could” fix it. If God’s plan was for all married people to never divorce, then a boat load of us are in BIG trouble. Or is it that for some of us, he is working out his plan for us THROUGH our divorce.
stepping on nerves
Hearst Magazines has committed to a target of gaining more than a million paid digital subscribers via iTunes, Zinio, Nook, Amazon and Next Issue Media.
Check out our pictures over the past few weeks!
by Laura Diaz-Arnesto
Vainglorious insecure wannabe heads of state recklessly running their toilet mouths with puerile tribal garbage tinged with envious parochial venom; irrationally banging frantically on parliamentary tables even as live television cameras capture their every snafu for posterity to a stunned and bewildered national audience.
After you brush on the butter, place 1 *heaping* tablespoon of jam mixture into the center of the bottom pastry leaving 1/4 inch around all sides. Place the top pastry on the jam and pinch the edges down. Crimp the edges with a fork to seal tighter. Poke the top of the pastry with a fork to allow air to escape during baking.
It was a gift made for someone special.
After my trip, I wrote about twenty drafts, over the course of seven years, and throughout the process, I continued to interview people to make sure I was getting all the details right. The funny thing is that one Moldovan would say, yes, that’s exactly right, and another one would say, oh no, that’s not true. For example, I had a drama about the kitchen in Hannah’s apartment in Moldova. One Moldovan woman who read the novel was insulted because she said kitchens are nice in Moldova and the Hannah’s kitchen is far from nice. And yet, I saw a kitchen exactly like the one described in TRAFFICKED. I also saw immaculate kitchens, which at that point weren’t mentioned in the book. So, getting that feedback really helped because I then described Hannah’s friend’s kitchen as a contrast.
and she always will be there.
Then, as the church began to grow and as the first glow began to wear off, issues began to arise–issues of class, organization, leadership, rules, gender, and race. People began to argue, disagree, and divide. By the time of Martin Luther, the community of God was so broken that it could not remain unified anymore.
Mistletoe Over Manhattan ... Hallmark Channel ... 10 AM
little, then filled in the other spaces with small pieces of patterned papers.
Now, many of you probably don't understand why I am so amazed by this because you know Emily and she's like this all of the time. But, I have been pretty worried for the past couple weeks because she has cried every morning not wanting to go to school! It has totally stressed me out. I have been on pins and needles!
Anyway, on a more light-hearted note, this was a shoot from about two weeks ago where we were aiming to catch a lovely sunset.
The film was nominated for three Academy Awards for Sound Effects Editing, Visual Effects, and Music.
That is it from me today. I am back to work in a week so not sure how much crafting I am going to get done this week.....hoping to take part in a few more challenges before my holiday ends! Enjoy the bank holiday everyone!
Crazy Straws!!!
This one, however, I was much less a fan. One of the biggest draws for me, as a gamer, is the social and visceral feel of sitting around a table, rolling dice. While Gamer Dice provides a stable replacement for the actual art of rolling dice, it can't replace that tactile feel of letting your d20s tumble between your fingers, clatter across the table, and roll to a stop.
And there will be pictures on the pages. And words. And maybe the pages will be really aerodynamic or something. I haven't really decided what all of the hi-tech features are going to be yet. It's tough to choose.
You are One and Only
Recently, a lot of great thinking has happened around the idea that business – and by extension the economy – should return value, in addition to generating profit. For example, Mark Kramer and Michael Porter wrote a very interesting piece on creating shared value that was also discussed in this New York Times article, “First make money. Also, do good.” Nestle Corporation is one of a growing number of companies that see shared value as an evolved form of corporate social responsibility. Customer capitalism (which focuses on providing value to the customer before the shareholder) is described in the Harvard Business Review as the third stage in the evolution of capitalism. (Professional management and shareholder capitalism are the first two.) And Umair Haque’s book, the New Capitalist Manifesto, describes “thick or authentic value” as the subtraction of total or real cost from the price a product can demand.
Then, she starts escalating, demanding to see the doctor right away. Nope, sorry, you have to wait your turn.
Mayall. wearing a cowboy hat and a shirt so awful it would make Ken Done cringe, drops his pants. Edmondson draws the attention of bemused onlookers to his exposed friend.
At the same time I am celebrating my fight back to health, my son and I are mourning the loss of Tommy our much loved and highly mischeivous cat. Last Thursday was my son's birthday, so we decided to have a hookie day away from school and work. We headed off to Como Zoo and the Science Museum with the Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit. Toured the zoo, and the Conservatory ( we got a taste of the tropics there!!!), and then headed over to the SM. The Dead Sea Scrolls were quite interesting to me, but about a 20 minute jaunt for the preteen. Of course, this meant that we left the SM at 4:30 PM, which also means we ended up in the worst part of prime time rush hour, on the most congested part of the Twin Cities! I am no city driver, that is for sure, so this created a mountain of stress for me, but I thought I handled it well, with no profanity spilling from my lips. My son takes great delight in correcting me here. I apparently DID swear some, just not as much as usual when I am stressed.
My friend, who takes me shopping might take me to the nursery Sunday or Monday. I want to get a mini citrus tree for it. I found such a plant on Amazon, but they won't ship to the citrus states. So, I'm hoping to find one at the plant nursery.
Get a feel for shifting gears with your bike. The higher gears are harder to pedal and will go faster while the lower gears are easier to pedal and will help you ascend hills. As you get to steeper hills, its best to shift before you get to the hill rather than while your on it.
Work Description:
There a few key reasons why this site has succeeded rapidly. The main contributing factor is that women trust recommendations from other pinners more than any other social media platform. Women get their ideas from other women in their circle of friends more than anywhere else.
Finished!
I told him, "It's all for you, baby. It's all for you."
By taking the 4 minutes to go through the vehicles “vitals” with your customer, it will give the customer confidence that you are going to correctly go through the rest of the vehicle and prescribe the proper diagnosis for the vehicles ills.
Maximum. More likely? Less than half.
Your Pregnancy: Week 20
1 T. Earth Balance
Having goals has been such an important key to my success on this journey. My goals have helped me stay focused, stay consistent, and be persistent. They have evolved and changed along with me, and have kept me going strong. Some seem impossible, but I have held fast and kept moving toward them. Progress has been a huge motivator for me!
i'm also going to be forty-five-years-old tomorrow.
“This is too much to give away to any government, Republican or Democrat,” he said. “This proposal should be fought by civil libertarians, consumers and business leaders.”
Tomorrow I’m starting a new list. Interior designers. So, designers beware. I’m coming and I’m unstoppable.
If your dog or pup shows any aggression or unusual anxiety during these exercises contact an experienced trainer or behaviorist to help you deal with the issues.
who wished for gold. At first I visited, odd times,
An American (Liam Neeson) flies to Berlin with his wife (January Jones) for a biotech conference. Leaving his wife to check in at the hotel, he dashes back to the airport to retrieve a forgotten bag, but then his taxi is involved in a car accident. He wakes up four days later to discover another man has assumed his identity and his wife no longer recognises him. Has he gone mad? Is he having a Sixth Sense-esque out-of-body experience?
Cook the linguini noodles according to package directions, drain, and set aside.
And the bottom line is, what defines you isn’t how many times you crash, but the number of times you get back on the bike. As long as it’s one more, you’re all good.” Lesson: Get back on the bike and ride again.
And they came,
The album doesn’t work and might have benefitted from A-list artistes but with the exception of Tuface, Wizkid and the rest of the Choc Boiz, the guests are almost entirely obscure which might have been a smaller mountain for a more vast artist- Jags Of All Tradez had unknown vocalists Eve and Lindsey both of whom produced rapturous choruses. For ELI, Ice gets Sean Tero whose career never did take off and some other less than familiar names. When either one of the interchangeable guests, Yung L and J-Milla say earnestly “You sing for me girl like Mozart”, it might take superhuman might not to push skip.
Each agent will have a different answer to this question, because agents lists vary in size and content; as an agent you might find yourself with too many clients writing for the same age group, therefore you are not looking for others, or you may have made an internal decision that your agency should concentrate on different areas. Or, you may be having a lucky run selling picture book texts and you have decided to concentrate on finding more. These factors mean that you can’t take individual reactions as a reflection on the market in general. All agencies hope for a backlist of established authors, since this is where the reliable income comes from, but established authors become less established as their career progresses and publishers are looking for new talent so we all have to concentrate on spotting and building new talent. As to weighting of foreign rights sales, translation potential is vitally important to publishers so if a text is particularly unsuitable for translation but is otherwise strong, I will give editorial feedback to improve it.
2010.09.07 Pakistan Hangu 1 2 A police officer succumbs to injury after clinging to life for a few days following an Islamist bombing.
When you think about hypnosis, you might have misconceptions and wonder if it’s really safe and if it really will help. Think about this: Have you ever been so absorbed while reading a book, or watching television., that you don’t even realize things that are going on around you? Have you ever been driving relaxed for a while and when you arrive, you can’t remember how you got there? These are instances you were actually under hypnosis. We’ve all experienced being under hypnosis at one time or another. It’s totally harmless and is a really effective way to cure the problems that are bothering us.
Nice post-daycare dry skin too, huh? (Word of advice to my soon-to-be Ethiopian momma's - Vaseline is an absolute MUST for these babe's dry skin!)
Who are these people that wear shoes in their own house? Creepy. Ever accidentally done the splits because of a Pledgey spot on the floor? Me neither. My mother used to clean the kitchen table with Pledge and when she would call us down for supper (in Canada, we say SUPPER), we would come running down, excited, and then go flying across the floor like some kind of linoleum Slip N’ Slide. Except instead of a refreshing pool at the end, it was an open oven. That’s actually how we lost our cat, Mr. Majestyk. In retrospect we should have called him Mr. Tender N’ Delicious. I’m kidding, we didn’t eat him. But he ruined our fucking lasagna.
Congratulations to 40% of you!
Monday of the Second Week of Easter
Now you have to understand that my Uncle Manuel was always looking for a “good price”.
farm staff for soup and
Feel what you have to write as deeply as you dare, don’t hold back. The better you get at the craft the better you’ll get your story across, but that’s secondary to the passion.
Until it is easy, to pull it apart.
Ch 8, join with sl st.
In this AJR piece, John Morton's got some very good points. You can look at about any daily paper in the nation and it is a shadow of its 2003 self. Still a lot of quality work being done, but trimming of staffs was necessary considering the drop in revenues. We all, big and small papers alike, were giving it away for free.
Tolstoy and the Purple Chair turned into the perfect read for September 11. Not because Sankovitch’s loss was a result of that tragic day, but because of the theme of loss and the message she sends. This is a touching book that gives the read a very personal insight into the author’s thoughts and feelings. Even though Tolstoy and the Purple Chair wasn’t what I expected, I found myself drawn into Sankovitch’s life. I would definitely recommend this book, especially if you have a loss of your own to process.
Here are some self-injury cartoons I found. Thank goodness for Google.
Two Warman's Pocket Field Guides
Although Russell knew he should report this email to the FBI, and to Stock Photo Woman, he didn’t. The reasons for this are complex. He had a strange feeling about this whole episode with Stock Photo Woman. A feeling he couldn’t put his finger on. It was as if something else were going on just below the surface. Now that he could see well, he noticed more. Stock Photo Woman had one foot in another place, and it wasn’t the advertising world. Where? It nagged at him in a weird way, like a ghost that would slip into his peripheral vision then dance away. Then this email. It addressed his concerns in a precise manner. Well, actually, it was not precise at all, it only seemed so. Nevertheless it struck a deep chord within Russell. He had a feeling which terrified him. He sensed her father had the answers, the real answers, and all else had been smoke and mirrors. He had to meet the man in spite of the danger.
My mom has always been my biggest and best supporter, fan and understanding soul. A few weeks ago, even before all of this falderall with work, she sent me a check and told me to buy something for myself: batteries for the camera, a lipstick, whatever. It's from her little savings account, so that makes me feel guilty as heck even though I know it makes her happy to send me the money.
So what does the plain reading of these two articles tell us?
The next morning we got up – well me, Tas and Annabel got up. We had to pelt Alex with tennis balls to get him out of bed – had breakfast and made our way back over the River Severn to Cheltenham. Annabel was going to the Parabola Arts Centre so she tagged along in the car. We rocked out to Carly Rae Jepsens call me maybe which was great and then when I got back I had a few hours before ‘The Attorneys Of Awesome’ radio show at 4pm. We were glad to be back and it went really well – apart from one little hitch but we handled it like a Boss!
"Neutral ground, in the park," Doug said. "I'll wait there with the puppy. You get Toby, and bring a tennis ball."
Happy Birthday to a wonderful blog friend who I have been following since I first started to read blogs.
I would love to thank you all again from the bottom of my heart for having me here and appreciating all small things that I do here. Thanks again for all the love you have to me.
3 Ruxpin - Your Body Smells of Cinnamon
The doctor will match up the set of symptoms to a disease label, and that will give him the correct column on the table of pills to sell. Later, the pills themselves will cause new symptoms, which will suggest to the doctor that additional pills are required.
It was noted above that Antifa needs the tolerance of government to survive, but this is not only true in the sense that it can, as an intrinsically criminal entity, be shut down if the political will exists. Perhaps more importantly, it is true in the sense that the very livelihoods of Antifa members seem to be dependent on the existence of a strong welfare state, and I am particularly indebted to VH for explaining this point to me.
Love story sessions at JSP are a little different... Instead of going to beautiful locations, with spectacular views, or amazing props and decor, these sessions capture couples just as they are.... that is, what they love doing, things that are important to them, and just documenting their essence in their day to day lives. It could be in their home, or following them on a date, to washing dishes or fixing car together, doing laundry together, enjoying coffee, listening to music, cooking, or just shooting them doing whatever they love most. The heart of these sessions are really to show who the couple are in their daily lives so that they can look back at the images and say, this is really us to the core.
Hurray! It's Perfect Picture Book Friday once again. If you're casting about for a little smackerel to go with today's story, I would have to recommend chocolate milk :)
Traditionally, performers have been desperate to gain the attention of the press, and many people have exploited that desperation. Even now, many performers are briefed that they ought to be desperate for press attention, and ought to value the opinions of one reviewer more than those of hundreds of audience members.
“Charlie?”
I understand it is difficult to produce an exciting movie when we already know the revelations it is supposed to reveal. You have to make it big and exciting to compensate while trying to honor the original, yet do something different at the same time. It is a tall order. I was probably destined to dislike the film from the beginning. That is certainly what happened. I will give major kudos to the make up department, however. The apes looked fantastic.
Still have to finish the facing... but otherwise it is done.
What's that? You don't think those things are terribly important? Welcome to the life of a schooled child.
- There will be more officer-involved shootings.
A close up of the sweet birds with some rained beaten blooms. We had over a inch and a half of rain yesterday! The blue-purple is my lace cap hydrange and the pink I can not remember the name, but they grow fast and come back year after year.
I feel like this is a whole short story in and of itself, although as outlined above it doesn’t have the closure you’d normally look for in a complete story. The final piece of information you might want to tag on to it, what’s so obvious as not to need to be stated from within the context of the book is that each of the children becomes a starship captain, because the backers of the Survey wanted a known quantity at the helm and someone whose loyalty is unquestioned. Someone who can keep a secret. And in the course of business and companies and IP being passed around like so much mitochondria, this clone project eventaully gets bought up and folded into the interstellar project at the point of needing backup technology for the crew.
You carry yourself so well that even an uncouth riff-raff knows that you have to be respected.
The reader response to CRACKED has been overwhelmingly positive, and for that I am grateful. Important strangers are connecting to Victor and Bull. The unexpected side of being published is that some readers are connecting in profound ways.
· Just because the bar is open all day and all night doesn't necessarily mean you have to be there drinking the whole time.
I also ordered for their newest dessert - Sundae Mix-Ins Milo Blast - but the person manning the counter didn't punch my order, so it wasn't delivered to us, and we decided not to make a new order. Maybe I'd try it next time.
14. Touch paper just once.
Pretty much.. at least half the time, after doing this, I am INSTANTLY cured of my canker sore. It’s still there, but it doesn’t hurt. And it recedes within 24 hours. No need for painkillers, Oragel, or crushed aspirin. For me, this kills it. Dead. In 1-3 treatments.
Place the peanut butter cups in the freezer for 20 to 30 minutes, unwrap and chop them into bite size pieces.
This week has been super emotional. I don't know what triggered it but I have been having some serious issues. I want to lay around and cry all the live long day. The reality that this baby is coming and that they are not Makenzie and that they will help in many ways... But they wont fix it. Makenzie is gone. She isn't coming back. and there is nothing I can do about that. I will never be the person I was 3 years ago. Being pregnant around the same time line as with Makenzie has been a little hard. Remembering what I was thinking and feeling then. Not knowing the things that would happen. Not even imagining them to be possible. The innocence. I was 21 years old when Makenzie was born. I cant believe that person was able to do all that she did. I look at myself now and how much I have grown. What is important in life. What has changed and I cant imagine that 21 year old me going through the sickness and death of a child. I didn't know anything. I didn't know how to prepare. I wasn't strong enough.
Back then, copper had gone on a similarly dizzying rally that had taken prices to a parabolic and unsustainable level. Right now we don’t have that chart pattern but prices are certainly extended. Right now the Bloomberg Copper sentiment is at 76% suggesting that in the past 4 weeks, appx. 76% of those surveyed believe that prices will go even higher. On April 2006 the peak was 82%.
The question of the character of building roads in this country certainly requires much re-consideration. There are two circumstances which have complicated the situation. First, the width of roads has been used, under our form of building bye-laws, to determine the distance between the houses, and as a means of securing a greater degree of open space than would otherwise be obtained. The result is that the widths of roads under the bye-laws commonly in force in the English towns, are not regulated with regard to requirements of traffic, a minimum width for streets is arbitrarily fixed, 40 to 50 feet being usual, and all roads are required to be laid out at least this width ; usually there is no power for the local authority to require greater width, although 40 to 50 feet is as utterly inadequate for the main roads of a town as it is excessive for the purpose of giving access to a few cottages. As a consequence, roads have to be wide-eyed at vast expense to allow for trams and for traffic, while cottages are built fronting to dreary wastes of asphalte and macadam, one half of which could with great advantage be added to their gardens or laid out as grass margin.
It is a fact that through all the years I spent in the manse in Bala I never shook off the feeling that something very obvious, very manifest in itself was hidden from me. Sometimes it was as if I was in a dream and trying to perceive reality: then again I felt as if an invisible twin brother were walking beside me, the reverse of a shadow, so to speak.
Michael P. Knowles, ‘Moses, the Law, and the Unity of 4 Ezra’, Novum Testamentum, 31 (1989), 257-74.
In the last couple of weeks I have exposed two gross and nauseating food industry secrets: human hair in bread and beaver anal glands in ice cream.
Skirt, no tag - Goodwill
Angela Cartwright That would be casting in bronze…I have to try it someday.
Fuck. I know that I am going to have nightmares tonight. And I don't know how many hours I will have to wait before getting an answer.
Do you collect anything in particular or like something in particular:
So when your eulogy is being read
According to the American Institute of Stress, there are over 50 symptoms of stress, and the effects can be fatal in the long-term. Some of the effects include: hair loss, heart disease, ulcers, headaches, depression, anxiety, muscle aches and pains, skin problems, and even sexual dysfunction. The list is simply too long to put in this post but I think you get the point.
Before her ears started bleeding, Mrs. M interrupted and said, "Mrs. Meehan, I was just calling to let you know that Savannah is a great kid."
“I will bandage your hand and make you feel better if you come upstairs,” he said in a low voice, one that soothed her ears and quelled her fear. The desire to escape him drifted away, replaced by a need to remain.
Some great mentions, recognition & posting of the music of the fantastic drummer Phillip Wilson recently at inconstantsol , brought the 2 into co-junction
These two pieces used to be in a tiny little hallway by our kitchen and 1/2 bath. This made sense because this is the hub of all crazy chaos, but it was just too tight--and that's with three kids in school. I can just imagine how much tighter it'd get with two more in school. Thanks for completing the move, babe!
They rounded them up instead,
Advice would be welcome on winter potato growing.
However, the second last picture shows that Prince (male), Feng Lan (female) in disguise, finally realised that Guiliastes kissed her hand without actually knowing her actual gender. She immediately stumped by the fact that Guiliastes was kissing her male in-game character’s hand, thinking Guiliastes is a homosexual.
For some reason, my parents or rather my dad, always painted the rooms, sky blue.
Summary: The Raiders have needed a player like this for a while – a guy with a large frame that can go up and get the ball. I really like this pick and think he could push into starting line-up at the “Z” receiver position. He does have durability issues with his toe and nearly missed whole 2011 season from appendix surgery. Doesn’t have any widely published character issues.
Clyde"The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince"-Vince Lombardi"
I’m currently waiting for my next issue of Lucky to come out, and just got a free subscription to Glamour, so that should keep my appetite whetted for a while.
So that means we are looking for 2 new DT members. The term would go through the end of December. We require one card per week sometimes using sponsor products as well as commenting on some of the entries and the hardest part of all, helping to choose the top 5. If you're interested and ready to give 100% of your crafty efforts, then please add "DT" after your name on the linky. We'd love to Stamp Something with you!!!
She was very into — well, we both were in those days — mystical, spiritual things. Clodagh’s writing from her imagination and experience in a way where the premise is true but everything else is invented around it. She’s never too obvious. There are kernels of truth, but she has imagined a lot.’
Moving on, after a good 30 mins of small talk I ask the boys if either if them would like a dance. Fire fighter agreed. He said I put in enough time and effort and I earned it. Yeah I really did feel like I earned that one. Believe me, small talk 100 times a day with different people is not an easy task. I grabbed his hand and led him into the vip. sat him down and put my towel down on his lap. Manditory flirty talk commences.
Deepak, also known as First Lady Rosmah Mansor’s ‘carpet man’ because his family runs a rug shop along the bustling Jalan Tuanku Abdul Rahman road, has emerged as a substantial shareholder in Envair Holdings Bhd, a loss-making producer of air and water filters slated to be transformed into an oil-and-gas company. The stock is listed on the Mesdaq Board for small and mostly tech shares.
But Israel has never used nuclear weapons, nor has it threatened to.
To be embarrassingly honest, I wasn't all that interested in the politics of the summit. I know, I was in college and I should have been more aware of world events, blah, blah, blah. What I remember about that summit was thinking, "People actually live in Iceland?! There are houses? And hotels? Who knew?" Not me, obviously.
"Where can they be going?" the fir tree wondered. "They are no taller than I am. One was really much smaller than I am. And why are they allowed to keep all their branches? "Where can they be going?"
If you have not yet heard the exquisite harmony singing from Bulgaria, sung sometimes with the accompaniment of the goat-bagpipe, the gaida, I urge you to - there is nothing like it. I've recommended it before but A Harvest, A Shepherd, A Bride - Village Music of Bulgaria is a wonderful collection of songs which I think is how this painting would sound if you could for a moment swap your ears with your eyes and listen to it. Anyhow, the point is that the painting I worked on up in that tree studio became this below. I am very pleased with it, and I rarely say this. A new tiny paintbrush has led me to paint fine lines describing the shapes of faces and hands and feet with finely diluted oil paint. And these different-sized people fit happily into the odd shaped piece of wood, singing their Bulgarian harmonies, while the little fellow plays heartily on his gaida. I only managed to take one photo of this painting amid the recent chaos, but here it is... (that first word of the title means 'sing' or 'we sing' - unless any Bulgarian readers can tell me otherwise?)
Released: 2012
For the blog-o-sphere types, Random Fitness apes and yoga moms telling YOU what to do, CultFit HQ inter-webz media relation guru Uncle Hayden has this reminder: Most people are visitors to the magical land of fitness, nutrition and healthy living; not full-time residents.
August: The Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration found a relationship between antidepressants and suicidality, akathisia (severe restlessness), agitation, nervousness and anxiety in adults. Similar symptoms could occur during withdrawal from the drugs, it determined.
Dr Murat Ünal, CEO of Funds@Work, an investment consultancy and Islamic finance specialist, says that remuneration for a fixed shariah board membership can exceed $200,000 a year plus fees, while advising on a large transaction such as a sukuk (Islamic bond) can generate commission running into millions of dollars. If this still doesn’t sound generous enough, consider that Funds@Work’s pioneering research into shariah scholars and their networks has found that the top twenty shariah scholars in the world hold between fourteen and 85 board memberships each.
Otherwise, hold on tight! Here are the highlights for me. Each course was served with a half glass of wine. As is customary at Vetri, each guest is given a different plate for each course. To ensure we got to try it all, Bry and I switched plates half way through each. This was a bit contentious with a few, as we didn't want to give them up.
I’m gonna climb aboard and ride until I learn to smile
said that because he had been overeating the SAD diet for soooo long and
www.bplibrary.org
14 Missy Elliott songs jammed...
In the meantime, the Undercover Shutdown will keep me company.
Related reading
I visited my favorites, and saw a few other fellows that we missed before, like the Wallaby. So cute!
Here is a fun 8-'s LO I did. This is not for the challenge- I did it a while ago.... So dont consider it an example- as it doesnt follow the rules- I just thought you might get a kick out of it ;)
I'm so glad y'all enjoyed the last batch of goodies from my email. I'm still pretty buried with assorted nonsense and have been trying to keep up with y'all while keeping up with the dramas of Kay's World. The latter has been an adventure. I'm trying mightily to keep up with that, too, and have been in Cranky Old Broad mode -- on steroids! And thanks for your support in my struggle to maintain a semblance of passes for sanity in my world!!
37. Allows me the time to cry when I need to. I’m not a man. I handle and process things differently.
the age you were
He’s scrawny (for now…muahaha), white, and long-haired. He has bi-colored eyes (green and blue). He is quiet (save for random spurts of all-out war on feathers) and loves to curl up as close as he can and nap for hours. He actually purrs and calms down with jazz and mellow Celtic tunes (truly…I kid you not).
I have been learning a ton from the T. Colin Campbell courses. Most importantly, what is the benefit of a whole food, plant based diet. Each food that falls in this category has a symphony of nutrients that are designed to work together for optimum health. These plants gain their nutrients from the sun and we gain optimum nutrition when we consume the whole food. By stripping out any of the nutrients, we are depriving ourselves of the opportunity to reap the full benefit of the whole food.
-Add the stuffed dates into the bowl,roll and coat them with chocolate.
She's taken little strides to make things easier for herself - she's hired a dog walker, since Cooper's separation anxiety always escalates when he's alone for too long (no, seriously - he eats rugs, comforters, towels, welcome mats - you'd be amazed at what a necessity this is), our cleaning women come once a week now instead of every other, and we've all been trying to pitch in more.
All of these Van Slyke cards came in trades, and there's Van Slyke still balancing that helmet.
DESIGN TEAM CALL for DOWNUNDER DIRECT
All Cask is Brown and dull and women will never enjoy it.
Directly reflecting Burnell’s response to AlterNet, Lyman wrote that after the Fukushima disaster, “the NRC and the industry invoked the mysterious requirements known as ‘B5b’ as a cure-all for the kinds of problems that led to the Fukushima crisis.
Singapore should learn from the targeted immigration policy adopted by Silla and focused on getting immigrants who can integrate more easily into our society such as those from the southern provinces of China, Hong Kong and Taiwan of which a basic command of the English language is a must instead of accepting everybody indiscriminately like Balhae without studying if they are culturally, ethnically and linguistically compatible with native Singaporeans in the first place.
“I think there's an element of me in her,” said Kylie.
Unfortunately the appeal judges were unwilling to continue an appeal indefinitely on a speculative basis and dismissed leave to appeal on the existing grounds.
The week has been very exhausting with 12-13 hour days of work that have left me becoming quite the resident in my mind. One of the repercussions of being a tourist of your own mind is that you start to remember a lot. Normally a song or a scent will take you back to a place but in this case I found myself remembering things from all the places I had visited as a young man. What spurred them on, I don’t know. But it was a beautiful couple of moments and I actually decided to tweet them in order of how they came to be. ( yes I do tweet) . This moment of complete utopia stretched over 2 hemispheres, 8 time zones and 3 continents. Everything was exactly as I had initially experienced it. I always joked to people that I would take mental pictures of events or moments that had a profound effect on me. Here is a list in no particular order of the places I had in mind.
I'm not upset that I was forgotten but more so my boys
At best, he thinks Cal is the only other person with powers. At worst, he heard voices and thinks it was Cal and a girl. Either way, he knows nothing about me.
1 Cor 5:9-11 (NIV) I have written you in my letter not to associate with sexually immoral people–not at all meaning the people of this world who are immoral, or to the greedy or swindlers, or idolaters. In that case you would have to leave this world. But now I am writing you that you must not associate with anyone who calls himself a brother but is sexually immoral or greedy, an idolater or a slanderer, a drunkard or a swindler. With such a man do not even eat.
Ben-David believes an Israeli attack could lead to all-out war.
On Murray’s scale, at the top, the value of about 2% in 1955 shows a barely perceptible change to 4% in 1965 and yet that represents a 100% increase in the value being graphed. If the linear chart were scaled from 0% to 3% it would show a spectacular rise. It is shown from 0% to 30% and barely shows the data, and if it were scaled from 0% to 100% the data would be near invisible. On page 161 Murray writes, …
Length : Drabble (602 words)
Then, this evening, Denise and I got motivated and made some homemade bagels. They are delicious! And really easy to make! I haven't had a bagel in forever. Why France doesn't have bagels is beyond me!
So there is an overly long explanation of my experience with Dengue Fever. My case was definitely not the normal. Most volunteers aren't medically evacuated to Thailand, I just had a rather bad case of it. I was seriously so blessed through this whole time to be surrounded by people who were so helpful, and so willing to help me. Hal was superman, and took such good care of me while I was delirious. The staff at the hospital and the PC staff in Thailand were so helpful and took really good care of me while I felt like I was dying.
But back to the giveaway. They are giving away this bundle of American Tribute Gifted by Windham Fabrics www.windhamfabrics.net Reviewed by Jessica Nichols, Editor of FaveQuilts.com
At a first glance, all of the above seem to make sense. If you want the best Ethiopian food, it makes sense to look for the place that cater more or less exclusively to well-off Ethiopians. However, that idea rests on a critical assumption: well-off Ethiopians know how to look for the best Ethiopian food. The Korean's problem with this assumption is -- at least when it comes to Korean food in America, that assumption is completely false. I cannot speak for any other ethnic cuisine in America, but I would not be surprised similar trends occurred in other immigrant communities.
Gardiner and Allan’s extensive analogical theorizing leaves much room for interpretation and debate. As with C. G. Jung’s work, some would applaud the far-reaching use of analogy while others might not. Regardless of one’s take on this, it would be hard to come away from this film not feeling a little bit closer to Carroll and his amazing imaginary realm.
knowledge and install a chief. Someone from whom you demand feasts and impeccable generosity. Anthropology can offer many cases of social systems where the chief has to work twice as hard to acquire the goods for redistribution he needs to keep his people happy without ever gaining him any power other than the right to speak at the general assembly. I repeat: a leader has the right to speak, and the guarantee that no one will listen. Chiefdom is a way to keep the
School is going well, except for algebra. But I suck in algebra so that's no shock.
As well as weight-loss, men and women also benefit from an increase in strength, stamina and muscle-tone as well as the knowledge of self-defence. People don’t tend to realise that Karate is a great test of stamina and endurance and with these come a greater sense of confidence and self-esteem.
I am thankful for His patience with me.
What do you think about Facebook's IPO? Are you a Sketchers fan? In my book I say, "Never trust a female gynecologist with a mustache." That's good advice, right?
Have you noticed that false eyelashes are really "IN"
She who can paint a masterpiece or write a book that will influence millions deserves the plaudits and admiration of mankind. But she who would willingly and anxiously rear successfully a family of beautiful healthy sons and daughters whose lives reflect the teachings of the gospel, deserves the highest honors that man can give, and the choicest blessings of God. In fact, in her high duty and service to humanity, endowing with mortality eternal spirits, she is a co-partner with the Great Creator Himself. ― David O. McKay
Moses
Soaker
All war is gone; poppies are slickly sold,
RULE FOUR: Consider everything an experiment.And then there's:
For those who aren’t familiar with the programme, it is a hilarious chat show hosted by Sanjeev Bhaskar who interviews celebrities in his family home – and is joined with most of his family members including an eccentric nan.
Is your neighbour an asylum seeker? Does he live in conditions of animal overcrowding despite being given near-luxury housing at the taxpayer's expense? Do he and his people jabber loudly in a foreign language? Do they look at you as though you were the intruder in your own country and not them? Do you think they might be about to kidnap your dog or your baby for food? Call 0898 STOPWOGS for the information hotline and do your bit for society. All constrictions will be fiddled a treat. Rewards.
Ah! I haven't written in a while: YIKES.
1-2 cups or cooked shredded or ground beef
I wish I would have told her that china doesn’t make the table – love does, the joy of cooking does – and I got it all from her.
When I start working with an athlete the beginning point of course is goal setting. It provides focus for training and of course specific workouts.
Black Horse Tavern
Trekking packages in Ladakh are not just about getting in closer touch with nature or seeing very pleasant sceneries. It is also not just for families in search for some great and good bonding times together for a vacation. Since the place boasts of a variety of monasteries, you would also realize that their trekking packages are also meant for those who are seeking some spiritual rejuvenation. Almost every trekking tour somehow has features of introducing you to some of its most celebrated monasteries but here are two of the most popular monastery tours you can do in the area.
But over the years, I have developed a few tricks to help the children remember some of the letter names that have no connection to the letter sound, such as the letter Y. Below I have listed the ones that I know of. If you know of any others that work well for you, I would LOVE to hear about them! Please leave a comment on this blog and tell us! I am confident that if we all put our heads together, we can come up with a MUCH better curriculum than anything our district can hand us, so let’s go for it!
Gems and flowers - Wild Orchid Crafts
Spent the rest of my Sunday at the ball game cheering on the Omaha Royals (our AAA farm team) and then a night of pizza, sips of Baileys, and board games with friends! Great weekend!
More than 5,000 animated skeletons and zombies lurk in and around Ysawis. All were animated by the necromancers. The number grows continually, for each day, Sumulael and Kazerabet add 20 to 30 more to the population. Etc. This reminds me of the Monstrous Compendium format where every page must have a magic resistance field (even if it is usually "Nil"), a special attacks field, a habit/society section, and so on. This inflexibility is a major weakness of Second Edition, but is not fatal (just slightly annoying, as it feels like everything is padded). There are some nice sections in the beginning of the Campaign Guide about the dangers of tomb robbing (diseases) and some details about tomb specific dungeon dressing.
In Aldous Huxley’s 1937 work Ends and Means, he says:
I've been focusing mainly on math and reading lately anyway, even though W wanted to spend less time on those this year. I have found that he does better when he reads books that actually interest him - duh - and even "twaddle" isn't bothering me so much. Being able to follow a general subject outline and using books of our own choosing is what I believe will be most effective.
The Rec Room Film Series: It's like watching movies in your parents basement. If your parents' basement had a TARDIS and a really good drinks list, that is.
If price and fancy strike me, I would choose fresh seafood (any type, except for sea cucumber), chicken breast or lean pork. On the rare occasion and usually for a special event or dinner, it would be bison. Quality fresh bison is lean, meaning very little fat marbling and if cooked in a thoughtful way, a great special occasion meat entree.
Don’t lie to me. If you don’t want to help me, don’t say you do.
“For many firms, innovation is tied to differentiation through new products, quality and service in an effort to be less dependent on prices and face less competition,” says the ECD.
According to Silent Witness News the BBC has pulled it because it needs further editing and that's why they showed an old, but good, repeat last week and replaced it with something else entirely this week.
From that moment on, I’m calm. We’re all just folks here, right? If these guys decide to put on pants at some point, they’ll do it one leg at a time. I thank the puffed-out linebacker and move on to my last few interviewees, maintaining eye contact, getting the job done. Feeling very small, overdressed, and almost as if I belong. Almost.
This card is a combination card and gift. It has on it a charm bracelet that I make for a friend. The bracelet is attached with tiny red safety pins. All materials are from my stash.
To protect.
Sovereign armageddon, that is a credit collapse and global financial breakdown, will come out of Gotterdammerung, the clash of the gods, that is the European leaders and the investors together with the rating agencies. This will result in the loss of national debt sovereignty, and extinguishment of state fiscal spending capability.
When Sallu heard her demands, he not only agreed to fulfill all those demands, but also planned to gift her an expensive car.
Corals are among the most important animals in the ocean. They provide marine life with food, safe havens from predators and areas for reproduction, in addition to the other multitude of roles they play in the daily existence of millions of people around the world. More than 5,000 coral species (hard and soft corals) can be found in shallow and deep ocean waters.
I hope she is having an absolute blast in Mexico right now!
3. Tulisa Contostavlos has topped the FHM’s Sexiest Woman in the World poll knocking off last year’s winner Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. Cheryl Cole and Rihanna made up the top three. I have to say that’s pretty surprising. It’s amazing what a stint on X Factor can do. I’m sure the sex tape scandal made sure she clinched the deal. I think she’s pretty but sexiest woman in the world? Not so sure.
Romney and his campaign people were aware,– and they just didn’t think that anyone would notice. Plus, they can always count on the uninformed republican base to soak up anything they say with no questions asked.
I am writing to express my deep concern and sorrow at the recent developments in Kudankulam and Idhitikarai. While there can be vigorous debate and disagreement on nuclear energy, as a country formed with democratic ideals India surely cannot allow repressive action against a group of non-violent people who oppose the nuclear plant at Koodankulam.The use of massive police force to intimidate villagers, and the reported blocking of water and food to the village is unacceptable.
While the specific result in this case may not have wide application—section 145 lawsuits are infrequent—the result may untangle one corner of the web that binds the Patent Office and the courts, and signal in some way what balance the Supreme Court deems appropriate between Patent Office experience and expertise on the one hand and judicial authority on the other.
Arsene Wenger: “We just have to keep winning and see where we finish up.”
Too early to tell.
Part of it is that I am torn between books that look like a lot of fun to write, that might be relatively easy, all things considered, and books that look like they'd be serious and worthy books. There are also books that are built around formal ideas I'd like to explore, where I'm not really all that concerned with theme or other literary values except of course marvelous prose. There must be marvelous prose whatever I do. Or, rather, a gesture in the direction of an attempt to write marvelous prose.
But after hours of staff negotiations followed by a meeting of Congress’ top four leaders, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid accused GOP leaders of intransigence, adding he would not accept anything less than a deal that raised the debt limit through 2012. “Their unwillingness to compromise is pushing us to the brink of a default on the full faith and credit of the United States. We have run out of time for politics. Now is the time for cooperation,” he said in a sharply worded statement.
MALTED CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES
The sticky bun biscuits were especially good!
Just check out what the Honorable Louis McFadden, Chairman of the House Banking and Currency Committee had to say all the way back in the 1930s….
Recept: (Sigh) Yes, he is.
Lovely images of the wind playing over the wide fields of grass on the ancient low hills of the Barossa Valley. E@L is staring out the window of the Honda van, entranced by the patterns of dark and light as the leaves dip, turn and rise again. The waves flash like flocks of birds turning, like a shoal of small fish, like the blinking wavelets on the water when he was young and sitting on his surfboard looking out for the subtle inflections that signaled the next big set.
Why the Siren Likes It: Um...hard to say, since by no stretch of the imagination is it a good movie. This one the Siren won't kill you for calling camp. There really isn't anything else you could call it. The first Peyton Place is camp too, but had real value in Franz Waxman's score (heaven), Diane Varsi and the New England ambiance. Return, well, Ferrer was no director, they added lyrics and Rosemary Clooney when Waxman needed neither, and most of the cast looks about as comfortable as a soaking wet cat. But I appreciate Carol Lynley's pursuit of a career over and above a love affair (similar to the reason I liked Valley of the Dolls' fadeout). Mary Astor is great, playing a full-out embodiment of small-minded paranoia and ugliness. And Tuesday Weld manages to have emotional sincerity in some scenes despite playing opposite the stiffest excuse for a Swedish ski instructor you ever saw in your life.
“They’re not melting,” saidDee.
Back to the plants, and that hedge I mentioned. Even this high above the stream, midges can be a problem in the summer. For this reason, and because a low hedge would be nice, I'd like a hedge made of the insect-repellant herbs southernwood and lavender. I had a reasonable-sized lavender plant that I thought I could spare from its original destination under the fruit trees.
Her five shortlisted novels were The Dressmaker (1973), The Bottle Factory Outing (1974), An Awfully Big Adventure (1990), Every Man For Himself (1996) and Master Georgie (1998): a superb collection of brief but complex tales which can be read and re-read for their mordant style and psychological complexity. My favourite didn't even get shortlisted: According to Queeney (2000), her study of the friendship between Dr Johnson and Mrs Thrale, as seen by Thrale's daughter. With her last ambiguous and elliptical novels, Bainbridge makes the past seem profoundly strange and historical truth a slippery concept.
i'm still not used to his new 'do.
You will work wonders, for lots is in store, of that you can be sure. Be you ready.
As you know we did some extra work with him. We took him to some intense dyslexia therapy to try and retrain his eyes and get the incoming/outgoing signals aligned. It worked really well and his eye tracking is much improved. He still gets incredible eye fatigue and they do go haywire later in the week from overuse, but for the most part there is improvement. We have hope. I don't think we are cured, but there is hope.
EK Success Slim Edger Punch Bracket and Open scallop
Lastly, I added the chip flowers & dabbed with the inked makeup wedges, to get rid of a shine on the flowers!
Break down
Students will live together in three residential colleges which will knit together academic, intellectual, social, athletic and artistic life.
Teaching requires a strategy, it requires a model for learning, and it requires thoughtful and planned out instruction. Though education students acquire information, ideas, skills, values, and ways of thinking. As teachers, we help students acquire this bulk of information through models of learning. We engage them in cognitive and social tasks that we gain from understanding models and strategies of not teaching but learning. The ultimate goal of an educator is to create powerful learners and that is achieved through the use of effective models of teaching. Models of teaching are better described as learning environments and its through effective creation and development of learning environments that classrooms can flourish in academic and social achievement.
I’ve always loved the written word, and I can devour a book in a few hours. In 1979 I wrote a letter to a columnist that he published in the Atlanta Journal. Later I posed a question on growing orchids which appeared in Orchid magazine. As my kids began to leave home, I saw I had time to pursue writing. In 2004 I joined Christian Authors Guild and learned about writing for publication.
Poetry doesn’t seem to encounter this thirst for instant recognition and complete comprehension. So I’m left puzzling, what’s the story with fiction as art?
This is definitely not over yet, as the Clichy Mayor has promised to appeal against the decision and has called for a demonstration on Thursday.
Garnish with an orange peel and serve in a martini glass
The freelance life — no cubicle, no boss, no schedule — can look so alluring. It increasingly means no income, reports The Wall Street Journal:
Sounds like: 60s girl bands meets 80s synths meets John Hughes films. I think that’s a paraphrase of something from their website, but that’s pretty appropriate as far as descriptions go.
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
Leaning on the sun warmed leather
PepsiCo understandably wants to create a thirst for its Mountain Dew brand in a greater market. The sugary drink has roots in the hillbilly culture of the Southeast and moonshine liquor, which was nicknamed Mountain Dew. Now, PepsiCo has enlisted hip-hop artist Lil Wayne and street skateboarder Paul Rodriguez to entice potential customers age 18 to 24 to pop the top on their product.
If you eject a live round with force, while the objection port is obstructed, you are covering it with your hand etc... (for example, trying to catch the ejected round in your hand); the round can rebound off your hand, and end up in a position where it can be set off by the ejector.
We even managed to get back to the local Chinese take away after it had closed. Almost unheard of.
Mrs. Copay: "No, I haven't even started it yet. But at the appointment you said I could take it in the morning or at night, and I said I'd like to take it at night. I've been thinking about it, and I'd rather take it in the morning. Is that still okay?"
While acknowledging divisions in the intellectual movement against the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood and a dim future ahead, El-Ghitany still believes that “Egypt will not become an Islamic country.”
Talked to Westside Wayne today about a lift op appreciation day. They will need treats I’m sure. This sobriety thing is filling me with so much energy and great ideas! My mind has such clarity that if you pulled out my ear buds and looked in my right ear at the top of the quad you could see all the way to the horizon. End of day tally: 23 non stop top to bottom runs from 9am -12:12 hitting everything except Annapurna.
The one that I liked best came from the two chefs who’d lost 145 pounds between them and it was this: Have some food rules. The examples they gave were: “I don’t eat fried food” and “I won’t eat processed carbs after 3 pm.”
where he belongs. To date, the government of Cuba has presented no
I hope you liked the tutorial and you decide to try having some fun with colored pencils. Baby oil even works well with Laurention colored pencils.
Where I see there having been room for the inevitable path of events to change is with the school administrators. The principal Larry Yarrell said when interviewed, ”If you wear female apparel, then kids are kids and they’re going to say whatever it is that they want to say.” This kids are kids attitude puts forth a sense of administrative helplessness which is as unprofessional as it is self-serving. Kids can learn. It is a school, after all. Educating the community to accept and even celebrate diversity may be more challenging, but it beats blaming the victim, ignoring the bullying, and waiting until the “problem” acts and gets expelled.
Join us in northern Tuscany where you can relax into your inner journey just 30 minutes from Florence, amidst rolling vineyards, olive groves, and moody cypress trees. Here, you will discover unparalleled beauty and settle into a pace reminiscent of quiet, simpler times. The Florentine countryside is the perfect setting for this unique retreat.
10. When night falls. Allah’s Apostle (saw) said, “When night falls stop your children from going out, for the devils spread
The high from last weekend has only just faded. My regular practice partner says I feel like I've had an upgrade.
Two days later I cooked paella with Loli, something I had wanted to do ever since arriving in Spain. Paella is one of Spain’s signature dishes and therefore learning how to make paella was a must. Several weeks earlier my friend Shannon and I made torrijas in Loli’s kitchen with her permission as part of a class project and as a cultural experience. Torrijas are a Spanish version of French toast, consisting of fried bread soaked in honey and drizzled with cinnamon sugar. The most appropriate way to describe cooking torrijas was that there were three chefs in a very small kitchen. Nonetheless it was fun to try making a very Spanish dish which involved deep frying, a manner of cooking that I’m not accustomed to.
I cannot see that we will ever get the same sort of community back under any circumstances but we are also forming new communities all the time. We may no longer live in villages but, for many people, those they work with are an important community and most of us are part of various communities connected with our leisure activities. So I think we will always have about as much community as we want.
“I promise I won’t touch you… but please… I really love you…”I can see the sincerity on his eyes but… I can’t.
My midwife just looked at me and said, "this birth happened exactly as it was meant to". I know she was right and I am so grateful they were there just after Tyler was born, to check him and to check me, and that they were there on the phone with my husband, telling him what to do. Their help and support and aftercare were invaluable and I love them :)
-BITTEN KITTEN
I'm 38 weeks today! We have exactly 12 days until we're meeting Nolan Harper. Want to know how I know that? I can even tell you we'll be welcoming his shiny face into this world at noon on November 16th...
I asked Dr. Malhotra if his children were good sleepers. He laughed and said his wife has called him a fraud. “They’ve had their share of sleep issues. It’s just part of having kids.”
It was a play thing of her own-true self
10. OPI Plum Full of Cheer (2)
I hope that whoever wins, though I doubt it will be the Conservatives, a spotlight will be put on the activities of this ‘college’, and we’ll know what is happening in our community for a change.
They were.
The anger of a gentle man
7. Stomach Upset
Any Muslim who takes the word of Allah seriously desires to overcome the non-believing West and usher in the divine rule of the worldwide Caliphate. This is what his faith commands, and this is what pious Muslims — both terrorists and those who use other forms of jihad — intend to do.
Head in store to meet the girls and have a chat to them about our newest treatments, ASAP’s GP40 Peel has been introduced to the salon this week.
see if that helps any :)
Tel. (02) 532.1645
We got shuttled to the bus stop. This is Biju's (I hate not knowing if I'm spelling things right...) daughter in the car on our way to the bus stop. She's a cutie and a troublemaker.
Who will you trust
Given that this was the World’s first mass event in Second Life we had no indication of the level of participation, the type of feedback and how the event would develop. There were no best practise case studies and we had to optimise and adapt on the day. During the flood several Residents mentioned that they liked the Adventure Ecology T-shirts our avatars were wearing so with a few key strokes we made them available and started handing them out so residents could show their support by wearing them.
December 2006. The original economic and financial assumptions upon which the
The upside though is that what I now have is vastly improved – the story is tighter, the pacing is better, the whole thing more dynamic. My main character’s voice has changed, she’s become less introspective and thereby I do less “telling” and a lot more “showing” which keeps the story more vivid.
Building brands and making companies successful.
Flying Pig Info: PTA will pick up all registration packets for the Flying Pig Kids Marathon on Monday, April 30 and will distribute them to your child on Wednesday, May 2. We ask that all registered AE students meet at the entrance to Great American Ballpark no later than 11:30. Our group has been assigned white T-shirts, so please look for those. A course map will be distributed on Wednesday of next week, but will also be included in your packet. Each school will be assigned a location and “wave” start. That will be included in your packet as well. The start will begin at Noon and will continue in 5-minute start “waves”. Kids will go through finishers “chutes” for flow and safety. Group reunion area will be near the big Paddle Wheel monument on Mehring Way. Bring your cameras… this would be a WONDERFUL event!
Here are a few super random things that make me happy:
And indeed, ALL of them are gaming places.
The lowest ebb is the turn of the tide.
OF COURSE with only 11 weeks to go and our honeymoon week being a popular one for Disney World (Thanksgiving), everything was booked up! The only Disney hotels in our price range with openings were the two Port Orleans resorts, and I don't like those (stayed at Riverside years ago and pretty much hated it).
Have your tot place the fruit and ice in the blender. Pour a splash of milk or juice in the blender.
If this is what every weekend (or Heaven forbid…every night) holds for us, this is going to be a long (and tiring) ### years.
With one step I'd get across it! It's so shallow I could stride,
The buyers decided we were being too fortunate, I suppose, and are asking for chimney repairs of $180. to be performed. Bummer. The TRR Supplemental not only stated which repairs they wanted done, but also the company that was to do them, so we can't even shop for a better price. Oh, well.
Dang, I think is a great idea. Teaching my son to read, and to love reading is one of my top priorites and raising a child who is caring and understands how his actions both positively and negatively affect others is tops too. wegivebooks.org does both of those.
When the heart of a friend aches. When a friend’s soul cries tears. I have learned to not be afraid. I’ve learned that I can help. That I can find a way to share a smile with them. That I can find a way to let them know they are not alone. That they are never alone.
There's a lot of musical and cultural give-and-take on Canibalismo, out May 8. No one sound dominates, but all the influences point in one way or another toward cumbia, the Colombian two-step with roots in Africa. Cumbia spread throughout Latin America and when it landed in Peru, something magical happened, and it became chicha. Ultimately, it turns out that the fermentation process is applicable with both chicha the drink and chicha the music: Various ingredients, left to commingle and absorb each other, create something vaguely familiar and yet new.
In just two weeks, my sister will be graduating from college. I cannot tell you just how proud I am – or how amazed I am by how quickly time passes. It’s another reminder to be grateful for and take advantage of each day.
By joining a Stampers 6 club, you get the chance to spread the cost while building up your collection & are still able to enjoy the free benefits.
So expect a lot of writing from me for the next week or two, as I build up again from fitness level zero like the mythical phoenix rising back up out of the ash. Sigh.
“I don’t see any relevance of these grand structures. Mosques, temples ,churches , I love the architectural, cultural or historical aspect but beyond that, nothing. It is a height of conceit to clothe some non existent God in human form and ascribe to them our petty vanities and jealousies. Rituals, beliefs in Horo(horrors)copes, gems, stones, astrology, numerology anything that gives people that illusory hope and a name in His good books is lapped up whatever the cost may be. Sad isn’t it that we have no compassion for living but we can go to any length for some abstract thing/ person or an ambigu­ous con­cept that is not well-defined?”
One interesting mission flown by an F-111 was the sinking of a North Korean ship the “Pong Su” in 2006. The freighter ship was boarded and commandeered by Australian special forces in 2003 for the suspected importing of 150kg (330 pounds) of heroin into Australia. This followed a four day chase in which the ship tried to escape to international waters. Crew members were charged with drug offences but later acquitted due to a lack of evidence. 4 other men who were not crew members but were caught bringing the drugs into the country from the ship were charged and sentenced to between 22 and 24 years imprisonment. The ship was left off shore for a couple of years before it was sunk by an F-111 with 2 laser guided Paveway bombs.
The house is painted! The painters are gone taking with them their noise and smell of paint. Finally, we can close the shutters at night without worrying if the paint's dry.
UPPER BACK STRENGTHENING EXERCISES
So, after going through a tough week I thought I should frame a piece of quote to live by to be displayed in my room. I was in need of a well-deserved break so I took a little escape from my busy schedule to craft. As I was playing with the gorgeous Glitz Design papers and stuff, I ended up pasting my photo instead ;p I swear I did not know how it happened :) So here's the outcome ;)
My work had a charity bake sale yesterday in aid of Maggies Cancer Charity. I was so impressed with how talented our law firm are! When I had initially volunteered to bake, I had assumed it would be your classic bake sale crispy cake and marshmallow top hat affair. Simple but delicious treats, considering we are lawyer types and not professional pastry chefs- or so I thought! There were a few old time favourites (which I love) but there were also cakes so beautifully created, they would put domestic goddess Mary Berry to shame! Someone made swiss roll!!! WHO ON EARTH (aside from Mr Kipling and his exceedingly good cakes) MAKES HOMEMADE SWISS ROLL!!!?? I watched “The Great British Bake off” when it graced our airwaves last summer. Homemade swiss roll is no mean feat and can often end in tears/a crumbly mess.
Ta Parole est blessure
Obama was six months out of Columbia when Genevieve Cook came along and engaged him in the deepest romantic relationship of his young life. She called him Bahr-ruck, with the accent on the first syllable, and a trill of the r’s. Not Bear-ick, as the Anglophile Kenyans pronounced it, and not Buh-rock, as he would later be called, but Bahr-ruck. She said that is how he pronounced it himself, at least when talking to her. He was living on the Upper West Side and working in Midtown, at a job that paid the rent but did not inspire him. He was still in a cocoon phase, wondering about his place, keeping mostly to himself, occasionally hanging out with his Pakistani friends, who partied too much and too hard, he thought, but were warm and generous and buoyant intellectual company.
So the Ancient ones who walked the life long path of healing were aware that we are not separate from nature, but are just another part of her beautiful mystifying mosiac. And it was by looking at her cycles, that we could best understand our cycles and rythms and therefore discover how to return to balance when things went askew.
I might have made the movie sound a bit simple but its not. You HAVE to see this movie. I have watched other movies in 3D but this one is really well made. The effects are in the right parts and at the right time. Especially the action sequence with all the aliens and other stuff, the 3D effects in those parts were superb. And I have to say, the new guys to the team, Jeremy Renner and Mark Ruffalo, were soo good. Especially, The Hulk.
She was taken to Manatee Memorial Hospital for evaluation.
Oh my! Timothy Olyphant plays a character named Raylan Givens. I guess I have a thing for Kentucky boys because I'd marry me some Raylan Givens! Southern accent speakin' cowboy hat wearin' men are the hotness - the end. Ummm......Big & Rich said it - or rather sang it right - save a horse; ride a cowboy. I know what you're thinking - oh no she didn't. Uh -huh, yes......oh yes I did! I blame Cassie - she made me play this game. ;)
Trailheads and Driving Directions
"Ummm, the door is locked so I have to go in through the window," I said, hoping with any luck, that God would allow me to spontaneously combust right then. Joe watched as I finished climbing in.
These were always narrow exceptions, though. Pragmatic considerations had to be balanced against God’s injunction to “choose life” and to “be fruitful and multiply.” Also, in pre-modern times, abortion was both unpopular and risky, and medicine limited a physician’s ability even to assess the risks a pregnant woman was facing. The early Jewish philosophers were dealing with anomalies that justified abortion, not with Planned Parenthood clinics in every neighborhood.
I just wanted to do a short post apologising for my distinct lack of posting in the last month.
So on a Home Depot trip the other day, I found just what I had been looking for. It was a really thin two by four foot piece of mdf. And at only $6 a piece, it was a smokin’ deal. I only needed two, so I had them cut down at HD to 3 1/2 inch strips – plenty for what I needed.
Owned, it is riches; studied, it is
Barb Switzer will guide you through the construction of this masterpiece! You'll create a silver flower armature to entrap a crystal rivoli with a mix of chain maille, weaving and low-tech tension setting. This charming, cold-worked flower will flex your skills for creating large curved shapes, turning perfect round loops and creating an innovative three-dimensional bezel using only wire, shaping masterly and simple tools.
If everybody in the world were to go flexitarian or vegetarian, the abusive food industry would almost immediately disappear. Humans would also live healthier, longer lives. Being a vegetarian actually lowers your mortality rate by 20%, which is astounding. Water use would also drop significantly since the livestock numbers would be reduced. Livestock reduction would also allows those mass amount of crops to be used elsewhere, perhaps even feeding people who need food. Also, according to researchers at the University of Chicago concluded that switching from the standard American diet to a vegetarian diet is more effective in the fight against global warming than switching from a standard American car to a hybrid.
D. Country Classic Light Blue (or Kona Sky)
14.) “Live It Up” f/Lil Fame
When I first began writing about Casey several years ago, I think we had more in common than we do now. Like Casey, I wasn’t interested in marriage, I was studying criminology, and my parents were divorced. However, I’ve grown older while Casey’s stayed young so our interests and concerns are quite different. She’s still building her career and attending school, and looking for love. I’ve been there, done that, so I look at her from a different perspective and see almost nothing of myself in her now.
While we focused our attention primarily on the students, the learning environment was also part of our reflection. We “walked the walls” of the classrooms and hallways to see how visuals speak to learning: what kinds of charts and other visual aides are present and what models of good work are available to students. We explored the physical arrangement of the classroom, wondering about how the organization of space facilitates learning. We examined classroom resources such as libraries, computers and interactive whiteboards, considering whether the arrangement of books facilitates good use by students and how computers and the class interactive whiteboard are used to promote learning. We compared resources from classroom to classroom, pondering whether adequate resources are equally accessible to all students.
Raisins: 13 no
""Not what you thought it'd be, was it?"
Live our lives courageously.
Want to watch seasons 1 through 6 of The L Word? No problem. It's on DVD. Want to watch the complete first season of Dirt, starring Courtney Cox Arquette? No problem. That's on DVD too.
It is difficult to take the measure of a man through someone else's eyes and experience. After all, we don't actually meet them, except, perhaps, in the pages of diaries, magazine articles, even cookery books - as is the case, in my experience, with Norman Douglas. Over the years, I haven't bothered to read any of his books, and the other day I remembered why. I shall read them now - I discover that the university library has some - South Wind, Old Calabria and even a collection of limericks entitled Some Limericks, Collected for the Use of Students, Ensplendour'd with Introduction, Geographical Index, and with Notes Explanatory and Critical. Anyone who can write such a title deserves to be read, however bawdy the contents of his book.
Belt- gold, warm grey 5 & 3
John Candy had minor role in the film. He, Belushi, and Dan Aykroyd had worked together on Spielberg’s “1941″ and he and Aykroyd would go on to do “The Great Outdoors” and “Nothing but Trouble” together in later years.
I used blue grid paper from pink paislee
"Hopefully if it's our guy he'll let you on," I said.
1 cup brown jasmine rice, prepared according to package directions.
Step 2: The government declares that the dollars represent the good faith and credit of the United States. (Note: that means that it represents the value of you and what you think is your property).
Colorbok Cardstock, Stampin Up Summer Picnic Designer paper (ret.)
I love the arts, but homogeneity holds no interest for me. What gets me excited is access to an intimate view of a society or an issue I had only read about in the paper. This is most thrilling when embodied in artistic expression, or in the artist herself. A director or a producer or a writer – someone from Russia, Poland, Serbia, or Africa — who comes to the U.S. and shares what it means to be her, operating in her place and her time, with her particular challenges. Is she subject to censorship? Is her country so male dominated that it’s impossible to be heard? Has her play made the powers-that-be angry? If she is a feminist in an Arab country, how does she cope with all the restrictions? Has her art changed anyone’s point of view?
Our Florida trip is quickly approaching! I keep waiting for that "thing" to happen. Ya know, that unexpected thing that will ruin the trip and make us have to cancel the whole thing. But I'm trying to stay optimistic :o)
Good morning, everybody! I had originally, oh-8 months or so ago, planned on updating you all on nursery progress along the way but I just fell behind. I did do a couple sneak peeks here and there but time got away from me. I am happy to say, at week 38, the nursery seems to be complete!
The current crop of union leaders is not going to prepare for a general strike. Instead, they spend most of our dues dollars selling concessionary contracts to the members, while giving the rest to lobbyists and lawyers, leaving our strike funds dry and our membership unorganized, frustrated, and demoralized. For the working class to avoid the historic defeat the Koch brothers have planned for us, we must first take back control of our unions! New militant rank and file leaders not afraid to confront Taft-Hartley through strike action must rise in the ranks to replace the functionaries and careerists who sap our dues while shedding crocodile tears about their inability to mobilize the membership and bring home the bacon.
To save the few remaining foxes, bald eagles are being brought in to drive out the golden eagles (Polakovic 1999; Todd 2004). These experiments in restoration reveal the problems inherent in suddenly removing elements from a biotic community on a species by species basis. They should instruct us of the complex interactions of the various elements of the present day Island ecology and the need to take into account the contributions of the introduced animals. They should certainly lead us to question whether restoration, as distinct from conservation, is a feasible goal, and, if not, why animals are being shot in pursuit of it.
Please forgive us for not having the ability to respond to each of your phone calls, messages, emails, facebook messages and texts. Please know that we read and listen to each and every one of them!
As writers we’re always on the search for the perfect amount of detail.
Those first tentative steps, before I even came out at work. Hard to remember back. They’ve been eclipsed by the difficulties that followed. When I did finally come out at work it was tough using the bathroom way the hell past the library because the men’s room was no longer appropriate but it was deemed similarly inappropriate for me to be using the ladies’ room. I was very quick to agree, I didn’t want to offend. I understood. You don’t want no penises in that room.
And then we've come to the CSI case file # 17 that was also released on Friday:
Thanks for the support, and the texts (even during the race!).
“As soon as coffee is in your stomach, there is a general commotion. Ideas begin to move…similes arise, the paper is covered. Coffee is your ally and writing ceases to be a struggle.” – Honore de Balzac (1799-1859)
The only way to rely on getting them is to sign up for email updates and newsletters. Which is of course exactly what retailers want you to do - and nothing wrong with that. Suspect we'll see a good deal more of it this summer.
Avoid making the upper hand handshake. This may indicate a need to dominate. Make sure to maintain eye contact.
“Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, – That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it and to institute new Government . . .” This is a quote from the Declarations of Independence.
I promised a giveaway while I was on vacation as well, and I'm back to announce the winner!
2. They don't usually have the support and empathy of others dealing with primary infertility, or even friends and family, because they are presumed to not have a fertility problem.
Faced with her own mortality, Allie becomes what she despises most. To survive, she must learn the rules of being immortal, including the most important: go long enough without human blood, and you will go mad.
1. Dastardly And Muttley
His wife comes downstairs on Saturday, asks him if he wants a coffee. He replies that he would like one. She makes it and he sips it and puts The God Delusion down.
Need a lesson in humility? Go back and read the first draft of the first novel you ever tried to write. I promise you will cringe.
All of these factors contributed, we can be reasonably confident, to the way in which the ruthlessness of the loyalist paramilitaries seems, on the whole, to have outstripped that of the IRA. The purely sectarian killing campaigns that the UVF and UDA launched in the early 1970s and that peaked around 1976 consisted largely of the killing of civilians identified as Catholics in whatever fashion. Though the paramilitaries in question often described their victims as ‘IRA men,’ to themselves and others, it was clear at the time that this was almost entirely a fig leaf for outright sectarian murder.
Food is fun, food is hanging with friends.
American antisemitism remains an important topic for research. The decision by Yale to kill YIISA adds another chapter to this story. As late as in 2006 a liberal Canadian sociologist, Charles Asher Small, founded YIISA. Not even five years later the story ends (with a tiny exception of an institute on research on antisemitism in Bloomington, Indiana).
Here i will discuss microphone placement techniques, This is a blog for computer music production, But vocals can always be cool. (As long as you don't kill auto-tune).
I would love some suggestions as to where I could find nice storage solutions. Have you got any ideas? Please leave me a comment below if you’d recommend any websites.
Salad of Celery, Green Apple, Young Pecorino, and Walnuts
Heathrow is a total disaster when or comes to landing. What makes me laugh the most though is all the ecological talk of towing the aircraft out of the stand etc. Then you waste lots of fuel just circling around London.
crusted with frost
I bought this book a year or two ago and had initially given up reading it after a few pages. I decided to try it again recently and was pleasantly surprised to find that I enjoyed it very much. Perhaps some of my enjoyment stemmed from growing up in South Africa at much the same time as Prue Leith did herself and remembering her illustrious mother, the late Margaret Inglis, who was one of South Africa’s greatest actresses of her generation.
It was an absolutely wonderful evening and it marked a major change in how I see myself. Until then I'd always had my doubts about whether or not I'd be able to cope with going out in public as Jenny. After Monday I now know that I might not pass completely and I will get stared at and most likely have people make comments but certainly if I've got friends with me then I have the confidence to strut my stuff down that catwalk that is life. I can do this, I've changed so much, I'm no longer shy and timid. I'm more confident and more chatty, I'm strong and sassy and I'm continuing to grown and change and in the next few weeks that's going to be tested to the max.
“Just on Friday, the Department of the Interior issued permits that will expand our exploration in the Arctic,” Gibbs said Sunday. “Our domestic oil production is at an eight-year high, and our use of foreign oil is at a 16-year low. So we’re making progress.”
- Network Utility’s Lookup pane does not work
rushonrock: What do you think the future holds for German electronic music?
Here, see what we mean by perusing the set’s highlights:
These robots were armed with trombones that fired mortar shells, trumpets that fired bullets, tubas that were used as flamethrowers, remote controls that were used to control Robotic Christmas Trees, and possibly more.
I hope to see you in Chicago!
It was only a dream but everything felt so real. If that was God and Anna’s way of telling me that she is in a better place right now, then I will do my share of letting go. I will try my best to let go of a best friend, who was and will continue to become a part of my life. You maybe gone, but your memories will remain with me forever Anna. You will always be the one and special Anna in my heart.
It was Deady the sheep.
Marianna Swallow is a professional development facilitator, blogger, and writer. She's currently writing her how-to book on public speaking. See her in action at http://www.swallowconsulting.com/.
Scope
Detectives are today continuing to trawl through hours of CCTV footage recorded during the rally as they carry out investigations into various disorder and criminal offences which occurred during the protest.
1420 **D-III/26/2002 (Appendix). “A Socratic Cross-Examination: B.F. Skinner, With the Help of George Anastaplo, on the Limitations of Behaviorism (1969).” See Item D-IX/17/1969, above. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 796-98.) See Item B-2, pp. 282-83 (1975).
Now to some disappointing news. The IHSA (the Illinois equivalent of the UIL) will deny waivers to athletes wanting to compete at Nike Indoor Nationals. Apparently since the meet is not conducted by the USATF (the governing body of USA Track and Field) it does not meet the criteria for IHSA to grant waivers. Illinois athletes will still be able to compete in Nike Outdoor Nationals as it is conducted after the IHSA Track season is over. Still, this is a huge blow to the national caliber athletes here in Illinois. Remember, it was Nike Indoor last year that served as the coming out party for Lukas Verzbicas. Now, this may not affect Lukas , as he has stated he will bypass the regular track season to get back to his triathlon season, but others such as Manfrin, Farleigh, etc. will have to choose between running here or competing for a state title later. This is a very bad policy that will hopefully be reevaluated later. Fortunately Footlocker/NXN and Nike Outdoor/Midwest Distance Gala fall after the respective seasons.
I wonder how long till iPhone really will have sex with you and then we won’t need humans for anything except to respond to our texts…
I’ve heard of Charles Spurgeon the so called prince of preachers (as if he is greater than the apostles who wrote the New Testament. And died for their faith) and I have heard of all these so called great Christians. Not even Peter who preached the first salvation message looked for glory and honor as do so many who profess Christ. Or the greatest theologian Paul whose knowledge of God came through revelation not from sitting at the feet of Gamaliel.
Earrings, vintage heirloom
The problem with social anxiety is that it often clouds your best intentions, leaving rain and snow and seasonal depression in its wake. I’ve entered many a situation determined to leave gossip on the doorstep. However, as soon as conversation begins to lull, it barges in uninvited, pulls up a chair, pours a stiff drink and starts flapping its lips with an embarrassing enthusiasm. Of course I don’t want to be that gossipy, untrustworthy fool in the corner, giving friend and foe alike the stink eye and searching desperately for some physical or emotional flaw to mock with heinous cruelty. I hate that person. Nonetheless, it’s often my reality when social anxiety takes control of my thoughts and actions. I become a distorted, deceptive version of myself that’s often completely unrelated to my personal truth. I want to be a good person. But social anxiety’s stubborn.
Back in April I showed some before pictures of the "soon-to-be" expanded restaurant called Cafe Mochi. As with any project this size, there are some surprises and delays along the way. Soon-to-be, turns into, when-the-hell are we going to be finished? But, I am happy to announce, we are nearing completion.
O Mirza, shoot an arrow at the sky to pierce this web of gloom
Even still, the lead author of the study said, “Our take home message is don’t panic. Don’t stop going to the dentist.” We have technology to reduce radiation and, in fact, dental x rays are among the lowest for all medical tests. We only take x rays when necessary to keep an eye on your health and utilize minimally invasive technology to make sure you are safe.
The discussion of skin color has once again reared its ugly head in the USA, because of the recent death of Trayvon Martin. For my international readers who may not be familiar with this case, I’ll briefly recapitulate the incident: On February 26th, unarmed, 17 year-old, African American, Trayvon Martin was shot and killed at close range by 28 year-old, George Zimmerman whose voter registration lists him as Hispanic. Zimmerman states that the shooting occurred because of self defense and the Martin family states that there was no altercation and that Trayvon was not a threat. Initially, no arrest was made. Then there were many public protests demanding that Zimmerman be charged and on April 11, he was charged with second degree murder. The facts of the case are still not clear, but the Martin family and their supporters believe that the killing was prompted because of Trayvon’s race and that, “George Zimmerman stalked my son and murdered him in cold blood.”(1) Zimmerman and his supporters believe that he shot Trayvon in self defense and is protected by Florida’s “Stand your Ground” law (2), which states that a person may use self defense, even deadly force, when there is a reasonable belief of a threat. The rage, bitterness and ignorance that has followed this situation has created divisions within the American public which mimic those felt during the OJ Simpson trial and the James Bryd murder.
Tired and exhausted we arrived home late on Sunday evening to be confronted with one last unexpected hassle – another crow had found its way down the flue and was trapped in the logburner. Unlike last time (see Noises in the Log-Burner), this bird didn’t want to cooperate. The only remaining solution was to put on a pair of gardening gloves and reach in and grab it.
Another of the main attractions, is ‘El Caracol’ (conch shell, or snail). This is a giant observatory dome where many rituals and celebrations were performed. The dome has numerous windows, and stars can be seen through different windows on specific days of the year. This structure is quite a wonder of both astronomy and engineering, because as you can imagine, creating a stone dome with windows at such accurately precise points, must have taken an enormous amount of time and skill.
Nevertheless, I came across an essay on line. It was about aliens. It was semi-interesting. Apparently those boffins, who are most likely balding, wearing white coats, thick-rimmed glasses and of Central European extraction have been contemplating our relationships with ETIs. For all you spunky noobs out there who haven’t got my uncanny grasp of deciphering acronyms, that means Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence. Apparently, when looking back on native people’s experiences with powerful, foreign and advanced civilisations, especially in the New World, they’ve come to the conclusion that “First Contact” may not be all flashing lights, bad synth and flying bicycles. It may actually involve disease, genocide and cultural assimilation. Compare ET to Independence Day.
I'm having another workshop coming in two weeks, and I'm already looking forward to it!
As 2011 comes to an end and we move forward into a new year, I just wanted to take a moment to reflect on this year and highlight some of my favorites...projects, moments, and/or both, and some which never made it to the blog.
Spoon the batter into the prepared pans, sprinkle with the demerara sugar and bake for 12-15 minutes or until cooked when tested with a skewer.
"Is it raining outside?" she enquired
2. “Tyler Perry’s Madea’s Big Happy Family” — $25.7 million
My card for today ....
1/4 cup butter
3. I'm a 6 foot tall, 175 lb. blonde woman with a black belt in karate.
sincerely,hannan.
It’s not as if I believe Amsterdam is a Godless, heathen city with few morals and even fewer standards. No, I have no problems with the city’s peccadillos when it comes to their laws. The thing I found most disappointing in Amsterdam was not a moral one, but rather a cultural one, for it seemed these four horsemen of the apocalypse–drugs, prostitution, Heineken, and tourism–have since eclipsed any cultural identity the place once had. Maybe I’m expecting too much, though–maybe this is all it ever had. Then again, that’s not culture; it’s just Las Vegas, and that’s in the middle of a desert for a reason, I imagine.
Peter Donaldson, Facilitator, Watershed Report Executive Producer
There is no need to be facetious.
And now, as a wife and mother, I feel that Proverbs 31 is wielded as a weapon against me more than ever.
The GLVC and Midwest Region are well represented as regional foe Findlay checks in at No. 5, with conference opponents Southern Indiana (No. 13) and Kentucky Wesleyan (No. 20) also in the poll. Drury and Grand Valley State are among, “others to watch.”
Last year, about this time, the dog bailed Ben up in the Tupperware cupboard.
Because hope does spring eternal, when I go soldes shopping, my top stores are AB33, Merci, Isabelle Marant and ba&sh.
After starting another blog, Ann’s Furry Friends, which I never write on. I decided it was much easier to write about everything and nothing then keep to one subject. RamblinAnn, a combo of The Allman Brothers, Ramblin Man, and Led Zeppelin’s, Ramble On, was hatched. Dickey Betts, by the way has very soft lips.
* Pattern Papers from Echo Park 6x6 Yours Truly
When I heard about Marvel being bought by Disney, first I thought about Universal studio rides Spiderman, Superman etc., attractions. What happens to them?
But it was there, in his touch, in his eyes, in the way he bowed his head as he said “As you wish” after she would ask him to do something for her. “Jasper.” She whispered into his ear, and led him off by the hand. No one noticed as they slipped out of the room. She brought him into the study, closing the door softly behind them.
Please note that I have sourced my information for this article from several reputable healthcare websites. I am not a qualified health professional and my advice or any suggestions that I have made are simply my own opinion.
Can you believe I forgot to mention I ate Haagen Dazs icecreams? Tried 4 flavours, and yes guys, I’m fat. XD Cookies and cream, green tea, dulce de leche and butter pecan. Soooooo yummy (: Okay.
There is still time to participate in our current sketch challenge, SSSC158 - the deadline to upload your project is Friday at 10 PM MDT. I hope to see you there and you can enter as many different cards as you'd like.
Yied: 1 cup
I taught kids in "those special classes" for 12 years before I got into the vision program, and I am telling you that as long as the program is run the way it should be run, that a lot of ground can be covered more efficiently than in so-called "regular classes".
- It England, it is an act of treason to place a postage stamp bearing the British monarch upside down.
It was a long hard journey, making my way across the Bridge of Sighs to Tuncurry. The Bridge was named by avid Stamp collector Giovanni Campelli, a man of Venetian extraction, after a bridge in his beloved home city of Miami. It is not, contrary to popular belief, named after the common reaction a potential traveller has when faced with the prospect of entering Tuncurry.
"Have you not heard of retail therapy?" I answered back. "It's either I shop or I eat and I'd rather be poor than fat. Besides, there's nothing like a pretty dress to perk a girl up."
Scrabs are nasty, predatory insect-men with well-developed psionic abilities. They are extremely adept at working together and live in large hives ruled over by powerful "nest mothers".
Maya Road and Core'dinations have teamed up to do a blog swap. Make sure to check out both blogs as there will be giveaways and lots of cool ideas all week long. The MR team were asked to make a card and tag for the swap and this is what I came up with.
P.S. While I'm on the subject of blogs, my blog Adventures In The Accumulation of Trash is, as I'm sure you've noticed if you've been over there in the last well, forever, entirely inactive. I'm not quite ready to delete it, but it looks like it will remain inactive for the foreseeable future. My book review blog, Frequently Magic has also kind of failed. I may decide to resurrect it soon, though... I'll see how I feel. My photo blog 365 Awkward Angles should have more updates soon, as I attempt to actually complete the 365 photo a day challenge this year!
The Merry Cemetery of Sapanta is very big tourist attraction and is described as a museum. The graveyard and church were full of tourists, and outside the cemetery there were dozens of stalls selling the local polinca and hundreds of different types of sovereigns…… at least someone knows how to make money out of a graveyard!!
Stasi Romanov is there for her friends.
Mama can’t buy you love
The CBOE options market has also quickly climbed aboard the bullish bandwagon with the first 3 days of the week delivering put call ratios less than 0.60 – this after last week where we had 3 back to back days of put call ratios above 1.
I also used many other of their wonderful stamps to make the list. :) Here is a challenge for you - go check out their products page and see which ones I used. hehe Then you can see all the wonderful stamp sets they have there. :)
started vacuuming and dusting every crevice in our bedroom
But murders on farms, like murders in other places, take place from a variety of motives. To equate farm murders with “genocide” is simplistic.
After the pirates invade, the krewe jumps off the ship, "captures" the mayor, and steals the key to the city.
The Suffolk police…has a new chief who says he plans a fresh look at…the Gilgo Beach murders, and believes more than one killer was responsible…That view is at odds with a single-killer theory that was aired last December by then-Police Commissioner Richard Dormer, setting off an unusual public argument with District Attorney Thomas Spota, who also believes there were multiple killers. Spota said it’s good that he and Fitzpatrick are “on the same page…Not one detective familiar with the facts of this case believes one person is responsible for these homicides”…
3. Male goose
The trailers for Saints Row made the game look like a fun open world title and after getting a chance to try it out I can confirm this is indeed the case. Running around shooting random people and dealing with the cops/enemy gang members when they showed up left me with a big smile on my face. The only problem I have is that the game didn’t do enough to convince me to pick it up so I’ll wait and see before making a decision.
Eating a Healthful Diet
F — Gun ownership:
Stampin Up Old Olive
Robert Fulton (1765-1815) is most famous for inventing the first commercially successful steamship, which made commuting around our island metropolis a great deal more efficient. (the Fulton streets in Brooklyn and Manhattan are named for him, in case that's not obvious).
If I have learned anything in this last month - with my body failing me, having to pay greater attention to my movements, feeling sluggish and and frustrated - it's that when you're body is asking for something, you should listen.
The last line gets me the most. Urban living with a spin? That’s the understatement of the day. If you’re looking for overstatement, take a browse at the write-up on Watercolours in New Home Buyers Guide:
On Tuesday, protesters urged people to wear black, calling the day “Black Tuesday,” evoking memories of a similarly titled press crackdown in the 1970s under white rule. Demonstrators picketed outside of Parliament in Cape Town and in front of A.N.C. headquarters here.
It turns out that three different people won which means that the three will share the jackpot. The article said that no names had been released yet. I think that would be the first thing that I would do is hire a lawyer to help figure out how to claim it without revealing my name to the press. I hope that I would hire a financial advisor but I tend to not feel comfortable around people in suits. They intimidate me. I think I would pick the annuity option rather than lump sum. I don’t think I’d do any good at controlling my spending behavior at first. I find that easy to get money is easier for me to spend. If I have to work hard for the money, I tend to be a bit more tight with my money.
For assembling this dessert, Place the chocolate cup on a plate and pipe the coffee mousse into the cup.
Eh, well. The things we do for fashion.
Using electronics for a 10-terabytes-per second channel between a CPU and external memory would require 160 watts of power. But HP Labs researchers calculate that using integrated photonics lowers that to 6.4 watts.
The nightmare scenario under this agreement? You create a great work of staggering literary genius that you think you can sell for 5 or 10 bucks per copy. You craft it carefully in iBooks Author. You submit it to Apple. They reject it.
Tickled Pink Stamps is an Australian based online company that stocks a range of popular and well sought after stamps from many companies all over the world and is always so excited to be supplying you with everything cute, quirky and PINK… They now have their very own Lil Lolita and Lil Lads along with the cute Lil Pinkette range. Tickled Pink Stamps is excited to be sponsoring Card Makin Mamas.
All I want from you
She hated the moniker and rightfully so, but her red-faced reaction to hearing it was just fuel for our evil little fire.
Yep thats right...the Indianapolis Colts are moving on to the Super Bowl against the New Orleans Saints. It will be an exciting game as both teams are good...but we all know who this household will for rooting for!
Most people have an apple pie recipe, but apples make such a fabulous addition to all sorts of foods. I’ve seen it added as a last step in stews, had it chopped and roasted with onions and celery with chicken, and all sorts of other mix-ups with turkey and other proteins. My newest favorite is adding to it to a pork roast. Actually, it’s more like adding a bourbon-infused apple pie to pork roast.
But either way, it is outside of ones comfort zone.
1 ½ cups cold heavy cream
Peter Robinson is an expatriate Brit, who has been living in Canada since his university days, having moved here after gaining his first degree in his native England.
Release Date : 22 Aug 2008
Most of the times projects come on long that seem easy enough, but we can never just get them off the ground till the last-minute. For an example you need to write-up a report or build something for your client. Chances are you have to start somewhere and that’s the hard part. Cause sometimes, somewhere isn’t easy to find.
2. I am very interested in nutrition/health/herbs. It gets me excited. Once, I kept myself up until midnight, thinking about purchasing organic free range chickens and cutting them up and freezing them so we would have chicken thighs, legs, wings, and breasts, all separated and frozen for future use. It was really that exciting to me.
oh talking of buying... thanks mainly to Melanie Folly Bird and Desiree I really want some bloomers. I actually always wanted bloomers but knowing there's others out there wearing them make it better.
This happens to me often as a blogger. Because honestly...confession time...I'm not a real blogger. I am a really good faker though, and sometimes I almost think I'm a real blogger. But then I read something online- like a really good article on "Why Header Design Matters" - and I realize maybe I'm not doing as great a job of faking it as I think I am.
Our little Brady dude is 5 months old today. I cannot believe it. We went in for his 4 month well baby check, a full month behind due to the time in Chicago, the move, etc, etc. We drove through blizzard like weather to get to the appointment. It's never a simple task to leave the house in the winter with two small children either...Anyway, we got in the room and the nurse came and told us that they never recieved Brady's records from his old pediatrician (the records were requested about a week and a half ago) and we were not going to be able to do the appointment. HOW ANNOYING. I called our old pedi and they said that the records were sent out via snail mail TODAY. Dumb. So, I have no idea how much he weighs or any of that, and we have another appointment scheduled for 2 weeks from now.
Red is a tricky color for blondes. Generally, reds look best on the “darker” seasons of Autumn and Winter. Reds work for blondes when the blonde is a Spring, and then it has to be precisely the right red (red accents are stunning on Springs). Reese Witherspoon, however, is a Summer. Summers do not glow in any shade of red whatsoever. Reese does not look bad, but this gorgeous red dress is just sitting on her, being a leech. With a powerful color like red, you have to wear the red and not the other way around (which happens way too often).
This seeps into a lot of YA fiction too, where the heroine is fundamentally passive and it’s the male love interest that holds all the power. That’s not the world I want my daughters to inherit.
horns as white as if a sculptor’s hand had cut them out of pearl.
and an old woolen brown blanket
Mardi Gras Massacre (C, 1978) Somebody actually found the plot of Blood Feast compelling enough to steal it. A lunatic making sacrifices to some ancient Aztec deity seems out the most evil women he can find to tie down and slice up. First he stabs their hand, then slices their foot, then cuts open the stomach, reaches in, and pulls out a heart about the size of a canned ham. And I hope you like the effect because the footage is repeated every time he kills a girl; I guess the budget only allowed for one latex torso and one cow-heart. The rest of the movie is padded with lots of dancing strippers, many of whom look artificially padded themselves. A couple of really stupid cops try to half-ass their way into catching the killer while stealing money and sleeping with the hookers. You get a lot of padded-in mardi gras footage because these cops approach to their case seems to be to just keep wandering around New Orleans and hope the killer just falls into their laps. The filmmakers seem to have chose locations based on if there was a sign advertising the sale of corn. Either that, or N'awlins is one corn-happy town, because that stuff's everywhere. The killer starts wearing the metal Aztec mask he uses in the rituals on the street because, why not? Looks like they may have planned a sequel, too. Weak and pointless, despite the extreme gore.
