What you see before you is a fun little game Steven initiated over Facebook that I was quick to follow suit in. It became an invigorating exercise and just an overall blast, and with the bi-annual return to the Zone I thought I'd post our countdown here at the castle. Be sure to discuss the results and list your own favorites in the comments. This is something that you can find filed under "F" for "Fandom"... only in the Twilight Zone.
Tickets are priced from £22 to £18. To book tickets phone the box office on 01634 338338
Singh said the Department of Homeland Security and Transportation Security Administration were notified of the app before its launch. The agencies agreed to allow the app to use the agencies’ system for submitting the complaints.
Heading uphill, past a trio of tractors harrowing, drilling and rolling, a fantastic view over the Weald opens up. In the distance: the white cowls of two of the many Oast Houses found in this area; so synonymous are these with Kent & Sussex, they claim the prize as Significant Landscape Feature No. 3. Growing hops to brew beer was a huge industry from around the 15th/16th Century onwards, and provided employment for huge numbers of workers who came from London and elsewhere to pick hops during the harvest until mechanisation brought the need for an army of manual labour to an end around the time of the Second World War.
Cuz the girls bring the boys out Girls bring the boys out
Let's talk about LOST! The End.
2) He Is Not Done Using You
Perhaps, in some circles this is happening. For example a recent headline in the sober Spiegel news magazine, "The Football Stitchers of Sialkot" highlights the same problems as we discussed in workshops with corporates in 2002. If you don't want to click on the link, here's the summary:
CAS-ual Fridays challenge #45 this week is to use pastels and black. I have to say, I don't think I've ever made a card using pastels and black, and yet all the DT cards were so gorgeous, I had to give it a go myself.
i absolutely love this mangaka! her stories are cute, hilarious, and the art is amazing
1 inscribe
My spirit was released.
There are some new homes going up in our neighbourhood! First there was a BIG GIANT HOLE in the ground! Then there were machines that POUNDED THE GROUND and made the WHOLE STREET SHAKE! (Really. Two blocks over, I feared for my 100-year-old foundations. I can only imagine the chaos in the house right beside all this. Phew.)
Thanks to Auto Motor und Sport for the permission to use their photogaphs with in this post.
“Oh how I love that smell!” I sighed.
I’m right here, Aiden, I almost call out to him from the doorway, Just look at me, Love. You have to come to me.
23And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived.
January's Iron Cupcake challenge is: Winter Warm up!
Riddle Answer: A trombone.
6 tbsp strawberry jam
It was not yet full bloom but I got off the train to see cherry trees along a river in Osaka city when I went back from the city hall.
-o- I love to travel. Throughout my life, I have been back and forth across the United States at least three times and I have been to all 50 states and most of the Canadian provinces. I’ve also been to several European and a few African countries. My all-time favorite places include Prince Edward Island, Madrid, the coast of Maine, and Rome.
7) What practical steps do you need to take in order to do so?
I met a friend in high school who introduced me to the true joy of books. She devoured books. Anything and everything. She pointed me to the best, she taught me how to find them, she taught me the love of the written word. I read the works of C.S. Lewis, Susan Cooper, Anne McCaffrey, David Eddings, Raymond E. Feist, anything fantasy. I decided I wanted to become a writer and over the course of the next 9 years I wrote a gargantuan epic.
Drink 8 ounces of water - 16 ounces would be better. Water is very cleansing in the morning and will help to flush out the toxins since your body has "essentially" been fasting overnight. A hydrating way to start your morning.
**BILL**
Contractors say there is little of no security for the supply convoys
Thor was a great addition to the Marvel universe. He gave its writers a great new playground to write in. The writers used the mythical conceits as a backdrop for killer science fiction. Thor’s enemies aren’t just Loki and the Frost Giants, but also the Juggernaught and the Absorbing Man and Mephisto. Some funky plotlines emerged. The Christian devil and a pagan godling duke it out for the future of the human race! Marbling the Marvel universe with this other mythology made anything and everything feel possible. Loki became a villain for other heroes to fight. Thor duked it out with Doctor Doom, even the Silver Surfer in one of the classic two-heroes-misunderstand-each-other battles.
People compare your pain to their own pain. The loss of their grandmother, husband, their failed marriage, rebellious teenagers. Somehow this comparing leaves you stranded. If they can compare their pain of a situation to the loss of your BABY, they will likely never get it. Babies are not supposed to die. End of story.
Hope and Glory
After a good time at Hi-Time pack wisely because the 23 kg/50 pound coach class weight limit per suitcase is closely monitored at the airport. If, like me, you are served by the extremely inefficient Northwest Airlines check-in staff at LAX (serving 5 customers per hour, staring helplessly at the computer screen while people lose their flights), the least you want when it is finally your turn is yet another delay.
Make it count with us!
Kim Stanley Robinson vividly showed that the ideal site for a space elevator system is not Earth, where you need materials right near the edge of what's possible with the carbon bond, with a safety multiplier in single digits... but Mars, where such a device is much simpler to build, due to lighter gravity. Almost a no-brainer.
Olivia and Lynch who plays coach Sue Sylvester – the one time nemesis of the school’s glee club – donned matching blue headbands for the performance. “Jane and I had so much fun! We laughed so much all day on set that I am surprised we were able to get anything done!” Olivia told The Sunday Times over an email. ‘Physical’ itself remains Olivia’s biggest hit – it clung to the #1 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 for 10 consecutive weeks in 1981.
With so many consumers and businesses using social media, 2012 will be the year of oversaturation. That will require a more focused effort to make useful/meaningful media or be left behind as noise.
Would you like to become a Funky Junk sponsor? We'd love to have you! Please email me direct at signmakergirl@hotmail.com for all the affordable details. :)
-ribbon
Texan rock n roll band, At the Drive In played a similar card. Frontman, Cedric Rodriguez berates the Sydney, Big Day Out crowd of 2001 in response to their aggressive behaviour towards each other in the crowd.
6. Housework! OK I know it doesn’t sound very appealing to any adult, but to a toddler its a whole new game. Monster loves making a mess but she also enjoys cleaning up too. She loves to ‘dust’ with an old cloth, she’ll wash up some plastic bowls in the sink..while making more mess with the water, and she always helps sort the washing out, either by helping me find matching pegs, matching socks, or finding places to hang it to dry
The Austrian Fortess has 3 bastions and three ravelins, and is surrounded by a water-filled moat. The high water table precludes any mining (something we did do in out first playtest game several months ago). The garrison consisted of the Commander, 3 Fortress batteries, 4 Line Infantry, One Grenadier, and one Elite Light Infantry unit, plus an additional 2 medium and one light battery, augmented by a spy! That is my 20+ year old Gallia castle serving as the Fortress!
You can look an alpaca in the eye at any of the numerous alpaca farms in Peru, such as Mallkini, a farm with the tagline, “Alpaca Ranch and Adventure.”
32. Haunted house
Brief Review: Before the movie really begins, there is a very political intro from the director. Whether you agree with his views or not, it gives a sense of connecting with the director that I really enjoyed. He ends the intro (which could be construed as anti-American by some) by saying that, while he doesn’t agree with American wars, he does love American culture. Hamburgers, Rock, Hollywood movies, and especially George A. Romero. I have to admit, I read the English words as I heard him speaking the words in Japanese, and my heart melted a little.
The growth in self-publishing has led to many book printers presenting themselves as bona-fide publishers or full-on author solutions services when nothing could be further from the case.
Various business models are being followed by different players across the world. The Times charges for its archive subscription services. The Daily Telegraph charges for crosswords and games, The New York Times now charges frequent readers a certain flat rate for unlimited access. More often than not, the smaller subscriptions are converted into full year subscriptions.
Life revolves around two words : (1) Enthusiasm, which makes things happen and determines the level of success, and (2) Perceptions, which determines how people perceive things and how they react to it. With enough enthusiasm combined with the ability to manipulate people's perceptions, you could achieve anything, perhaps even rule the World.
When it's cold, hot Ovaltine. When it's not, OJ, or lemonade-tea.
I strongly recommend heading over to one of these two fabulous restaurants. The food is fresh and full of flavor, the smoothies are delicious and healthy, the atmosphere is chic and inviting.
FOODOLOGY
In all this, I will have to thank Siri's Mom for providing me with the Mirchi Bajji powder that the Cart Vendors usually sprinkle on top of the Bajji, that she managed to acquire from a store. I call her aunt, although she is my brother's MIL. Every time I meet her, I feel like she is a second mom to me - A hug from her will definitely make you feel more secure and you can have a hearty laugh together like friends. She makes Biryani or a Podi every time I visit India. She is truly amazing!
Scott has been interviewed like crazy and we're going for the Farmer's Insurance one. We like what we've heard, so we're going for it! It will probably be a month or so before he starts earning money which wouldn't be so bad if our last tax form would get here! I need to go trough more stuff to sell! I'm trying to dejunk/declutter before we move back to Olathe, because there's no reason to bring anything unnecessary! So far I sent three huge totes of clothes to sell at the Children's Clothesline sale coming up and I have six small bags of clothes to go to the Thrift Store. Fun times!
Rainforest Facts:
Apparently, there's more coverage on Eurosport but our basic cable package doesn't include it. And while I tried to watch some of the American highlights on the NBC Web site, they correctly detect my French IP address which makes much of the content unavailable to me.
Sunaina Maira — Professor, Asian American Studies
That banking story was sent to me by Michael Rhodes who sends me so much interesting stuff, I'm thinking of making it a regular feature.
More commonly, the path to prison begins when one of your creditors has a court summons issued for you, which you fail to honor for one reason or another, such as that your address has changed and you never received it. Okay, now you're in 'contempt of the court.'
They call me and mine seditious, but when have I ever coveted the sword or urged men to take it, and not rather taught and kept peace and obedience, except that I have instructed and exhorted the regular temporal rulers to do their duty and maintain peace and justice? By its fruits one shall know the tree. I and mine keep and teach peace; the pope, with his followers, makes war, murders, robs, and that not only his enemies; but he burns, condemns, and persecutes the innocent, the pious, the orthodox, as a true Antichrist. For he does this, “sitting in the temple of God,” as head of the Church; and that the Turk does not do. But as the pope is Antichrist, so the Turk is the very devil. The prayer of Christendom is against both.
Music Ruined My Life is not ending just because Mediafire gutted its collection of out-of-print/never-in-print rarities. We are, however, considering, what comes next. After all, I was crushed when MassMirror died in the early days but that loss ended up being a good kick in the ass for me. So post-Mediafire, there are a number of questions that need to be sorted through.
(I’ve heard that this little built-in audio player WordPress supports doesn’t seem to work on some browsers…I’m not sure whether it’s the file or the player but I’ve tried hosting this particular file on a different site. If it still doesn’t work for you let me know and I’ll try to figure out another player)
If republican politicans were true to their words, they would champion their cause now instead of putting it off. In other words, don't talk the talk but rather walk the walk. Could it be that they are afraid that their cause is simply doomed to failure? Yes. They're scared. So, they cling to a flawed strategy that pays lip service to the declining republican movement while allowing them to still boast, "I am a republican" - sorry "I am a republican, BUT..."
In April my milestone dates were quite different than they have been in the previous month. This weekend the Children’s Medical Surgical Center at Johns Hopkins moved to their new building, the Bloomberg Children’s Center. The place where Miranda lived her 28 days of life is now gone. In just about every way I can never go back. I have to move forward.
I do not understand the choices some people make when it comes to the animals they decide to bring into their lives. They do not feed them properly. They do not spay or neuter. They do not go to the veterinarian. They smile and tell others that once again they have puppies to give away and blame it on the un-neutered dog running around. Not once considering that they are half of the problem.
Soon I pin her on the floor
The p-mail parts were another fun touch. Christian first makes contact with Marigold via pigeon, since Ed kept a pair of pigeons for sending messages of his own. And the cave they shared was just across the river from the castle where Marigold lived. Some of the messages are long enough that they are broken up into pieces in order to fit on the birds' legs. They are shown in order, but the book shows the breaks between pieces of paper.
As lucky as I am (I actually tend to be lucky when my mind fails me, or my memory in most cases and even my credit cards have proved that by waiting for me in the most inappropriate places or finding their way back to me :)) ), I found this nice couple not more than ten minutes away from the sports hall where the championship took place. I could actually practice my English, can you imagine? And see our country through the eyes of someone coming from another part of the world.
Just because you can think of something worse you could have done, doesn't mean what you did was OK.The purpose of giving the extreme time-out is the same as that of spanking and using hot sauce... to make a child afraid. To scare her into submission. Fear is not a good thing for relationships. Why do parents think this is a good idea?
Please be sure to change your information if you purchased either of these kits.
"no I don't think so"
Jayaram Ravi (Class of 2015)
I feel a chill run down my spine
pass on.
day.
Aside from being funny and witty and cleverly written it also has elements of Citizen Kane which is also another favourite of mine and probably another reason as to why I’m single. A guy would really have to love you to sit through hours of Orson. Only one guy’s managed and he’s married now; I don’t think that Citizen Kane is in their dvd collection. So this spectacular cinematic snack embodies numerous of my all time favourites and reinvents the genre of the silent movie; so much so that it gets showered with awards. Not that I hold any store in the Academy Awards but that’s a rant for another day.
I didn't know Mark Bourne personally. All I really knew about him was what he wrote. I was a fan of his writing and his insights and constantly wished I could write like that. I envied everything about his career. I knew our tastes had a lot in common, especially in comedy, and especially in our appreciation of such gems as The President's Analyst -- my favorite film of all time, and I first started reading his stuff because I discovered his essay on it -- or The Russians Are Coming, The Russians Are Coming. I was planning on working my way through the career of Peter Sellers with Mark's essays as a guide. Before he died I didn't know Mark's age, or what he looked like, or where he lived, or much about his background other than what he mentioned online. But his death feels like I've lost a friend.
How to Get a Tight Toned Bum
As for the rest…that can wait for next time. And I still have a rant to try and finish off and post.
ESCAPE!
Well, this year I'm trying to tone it down. Trying to simplify. Owen will be 5 in 19 sleeps (as Owen would say) Yes, he has a countdown going... No lunch this year. Just cupcakes and ice cream. Of course, I've decided I need to make the cupcakes from scratch and then I've decided we need cake pops too. LOL. Because we can't just have white cupcakes. We need something chocolate too. I just can't contain myself. It's just one of those things, I have a lot of fun.
In ‘Said Guevara’ – genuine and interesting despite its somewhat predictable crowd-pleasing quality – the band pays tribute to Edward Said, mixing his voice with excerpts from Che Guevara’s 1964 speech to the United Nations. The lively, frenetic beat carries the more solemn pieces of speech along in its frenzied arc. We hear Said discuss how the apartheid wall has never been shown on CNN, how the occupation is never referred to, and how “outrageous lies and confected facts” are the diet fed to the citizens of America by media propagandists. President Bush, who “can barely get himself onto the golf course” receives a customary clip.
Rating: Squee-worthy
-Programming Internship
It is a very overcast day here today and since I had family here all day yesterday and consequently never got out of the kitchen all day I am now going to spend the rest of the afternoon playing around with more of Jeannies dies. Have a lovely day. Marie-Louise
I know some people agree with “running slow to get fast” and heart rate training, but I personally believe in “train fast to be fast” and pace training; at least for in-season training(I definitely think “running slow to get fast”/ heart rate training has a place during the offseason). To me it makes a lot more sense to start with a shorter session (say 20 mi for a 56 mi bike) at or around your goal pace, and then gradually add distance(say and increase of 5 miles every 1-2 weeks) and maintain your goal pace! Same concept applies to the run and swim. It’s pretty much a REVERSE PERIODIZATION, which is think is much more appropriate because your goals are now reversed and it’s more specific!
I tried finding another bench for the space, preferably one with storage but nothing would fit. Then I found the Rast dresser. Love...storage for small things like keys, sunglasses and such AND it fit PERFECTLY!
The device uses pneumatic actuators on each finger to simulate the range of human finger movement. The ”actuators move the fingers” so that they can be opened and closed.
After years of disuse
He’s a good Daddy duck,
For the first contraption, he made a tunnel for his choo-choo trains by using a book and DVD boxes stacked and balanced against each other. The challenge in making this 'tunnel' is to find the right balance in stacking the roof part of the tunnel since both walls are not of the same height.
Onto our next Challenge which is......
You are God's kindliest gift of all - a friend.
- for example, the complaint about the abolition of slavery and the process of compensation for a long time went unexamined and was repeated innumerable times as a factor in the trek (by both friends and critics).
First up I should note that I had no idea what Haiku was until seeing the mention in the current Writers Digest. My wife’s comments on the matter were to roll her eyes, and say “How have you never heard of that, I did that in 5th grade maybe?”. I could only give her a withered look and reply with “I’m not American, with your daft schooling and stuff”. It may be that I did it myself at school and forgotten about it. It seems like so many years ago and probably was.
Level 3: Mastery: +57%, Weapon ATT: +3, Minimum Critical Damage: +2%.
1/2 lb. Maltodextrin
Men should make the decisions.
When our colleagues want to criticize our approach to medicine in the wild, wild west, they call us "cowboys". So be it. And guess what? You too can take to the road with your skills and wits only and be paid what you are worth. You can be kinda like this guy above... instead of a gun you will carry a telephone. The telephone will be a deadly weapon against your consultants. You can not, however, use it to beat your waste-of-time-and-money patients (or you will be arrested).
Ted. Robot. He repeats. He perseverates. He talks non-stop. Yes, I am grateful that he is verbal, but dear, sweet baby Jesus. Really?! We're talking non-stop talking. This is about a three minute snapshot of our dinner tonight. No kidding. All this in three friggin' minutes.
JJ: It’s sad, isn’t it. A lot of pieces in the book are really melancholy. It’s weird, last night I read the One Tree Hill piece and everybody was laughing, but afterwards at the wine and cheese thing this woman said to me, “That is a strangely melancholy little essay,” and I said, “I totally agree.”
have been making cards for just a year now and have found it totally
Of peaches, and the bright rug
3. A gardener
You see it all started really innocently. As do most things in my life (yeah, right).
MJ: You have recently launched your ‘Weird Science’ label, how is that doing?
I'm turning 37 this Friday (May 18th)!
And to the right, in the firm
Instead, we should offer our kids, pupils and students opportunities to shine at what they're good at, and show them ways to use those talents for the greater good of society, (wo)mankind, industry, ...
The Square app turns your iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch or any Android device into a portable register. It is free, and if you go to squareup.com, you may order the free Square credit card reader that plugs into the headphone jack of your device.
Yeah, and then I had a girlfriend. I also had a girlfriend in the original pilot who was played by Lynn Redgrave – and she would’ve been a regular.
It might be that sports also represent certain things to us: community, connection, success, perseverance, hope, the joys of hard work paying off, passion, strength, vision, focus, and so forth. In these ways, the events on the court (or field) become a metaphor for our lives. The players become actors, representations of our sagas.
- The growth in membership of the Party has been enormous. In the last six months since January 2009 we have had approx 3,500 new members join up. This is the largest single rush of new members in our long history as a Party (and on the back of the leaked membership list drama). Our membership department estimates that at the present rate by the end of the year we may well double our membership, making us one of Britain’s largest political parties.
On this day, 100 years ago, the Territory of Arizona became the State of Arizona.
We don’t know what the future of the United States holds, and we don’t know about that day or time of Jesus’ return, but even as I type this blog I am reminded that we will be able to see when the tree is green, and to caution my brothers and sisters in Christ about the man of Lawlessness…
And to be honest, I'm also a bit scared of that. If I admit that this is something that I want to do, I want to keep going, then people will see weakness in me. Will it look as though I'm too weak to work at the church? Am I allowed to attend recovery while on staff? Will it look like I'm not "spiritual" enough? I don't really know if I'm even "recovering" from anything right now, but I know I'm not perfect. I have anger issues, I have resentment issues, I am still flesh.
Want to exercise more but don’t know how to start? Just one day. Work out one day a week for 30 minutes.
Details: Completely develop the details of your comic’s plot. The details you want to reveal are entirely up to you. However, you should take this seriously because it’s one of the most important parts of your comic!
Join our FaceBook Group: New Works of Merit Playwriting Contest
- Pre-Lion FileVault user accounts are not supported in this Developer Preview
TWEET! TWEET!
When I spend an hour driving somewhere, I am inclined to stay as long as I am welcome. We didn't leave until nearly nine-thirty this evening. It is now eleven in the evening and the baby just fell asleep for the night. I am currently uploading the video footage of the house for my husband and simultaneously naming still photos I took of the house. I decided I am too tired to finish naming all 115 photos so it will have to wait for morning.
The Hungarians call this Omlos Teasutemeny (oom-loosh TAY-ahsh-soo-teh-men-ee) which I still can't pronounce even with the phonetic spelling! The Czechs have a version called Cukrovi that includes nuts in the jam filling. True Scottish shortbread is made with only butter, flour, and sugar ... no eggs. But none of that matters 'cause this jam-filled treat is addictively declicious!
Still tending ever tone-deaf creatures
Roast 35 minutes. About halfway through cooking pour the butter and wine over the quails.
The Dark Carnival is your invitation
Alan Moorehead is a clear and efficient writer. He freely mixes documents, second-hand history, and his own observations – the book, as is typical of the genre, ends with an account of Moorehead’s own tracing of the expedition’s path. Moorehead has a good sense of the explorers’ point of view and a good eye for strangeness:
I keep meaning to use my ebelskiver platar to make takoyaki - I even have some Spanish canned octopus I could use. Or maybe another savory donut (corn and cheddar?).
Mokwena has previously represented Julius Malema during his hate speech trial against civil rights organisation AfriForum.
…you blink your eyes again and again in astonishment?
“This would be a new challenge for Dayaks to put forward their brave heart to fight for the cause of the Dayak community.
Clouds - Fiskars punches
Vlogging, or video blogging, videos are some of the most popular on YouTube. And rightfully so--they’re one of the few types of videos that literally anyone can create: all you have to do is sit in front of camera, share words of wisdom (okay, wisdom not always required), and upload the video. From accounts of political struggle in the Middle East to fan reactions of newly-released music videos to testaments of personal discovery, the intimate act of vlogging can take many shapes and resonate with audiences around the world.
To my sister, Marie, who has been the BEST buddy. No one could understand me more than you. I love you.
Finally, I have something I can show here.....it's not that I haven't been doing any quilting lately. It's just that most of what quilting has been done cannot be shown here. First up, but not to be seen is the annual High School Senior Quilt project. The quilts that we design and make for the graduating high school seniors at church. Sorry, but I cannot show you that one.
VAN DIJK Y, ORENDI JM, BOUWMAN JJM, DIEPERSLOOT RJA. Nosocomiale influenza. Griepvaccinatie voor ziekenhuispersoneel. Tijdschrift voor Hygiëne en Infectiepreventie 1997; 16: 6-8.
and that which we really are
Mostly it was nice, for once, to have someone demystify the artistic life.
What I was not prepared for was for her to fall in love with us. And she did. Within a day after I found her cowering under the neighbor's car, beyond thrilled to be found, she had bonded completely with all of us. This is where she slept:
“Don’t worry Lou, I got you covered, I got you covered”
It was Conaing's, it was Cuiline's,
“When will I stop feeling like crap?”
I am a big proponent of making lists. I love crossing things off and when the page starts to look a little messy, rewriting it to a new clean sheet and adding to it to keep it nice and fluffy looking. In preparation for this move, I am thinking my lists will be forever fluffy and messy!
The country's new leader, Mustafa Abdul-Jalil, said Islamic Sharia law will be the ‘basic source’ of legislation in free Libya.
It is also important to point out that not all transsexual male to female play an active role sexually with their male genitalia. In fact, many transsexuals do plan to have complete SRS (sexual reassignment surgery) at some point in their lives. Men should not approach transsexuals with the expectation that they will always have another penis in the relationship. Transsexuality is not a sexual fetish, but a gendor dismorphic disorder that stems from before birth. That is not to say that being transgender is a “bad” thing or mental illness, it simply is a fact of life which has not yet been fully embraced by most civilized countries.
I looked out the window and seen his bald head
The canvas bins are from Target. $5.99 each - not bad! They're on sale this week for $5.50 :)
Deanna Sellyeh – Hitchhiking is in an interesting thing because you have to have faith that the universe will provide you with opportunities and that people are generally good natured. It's funny, because most people who pick up hitchhikers have hitched rides themselves, so there's this whole community of people who get it. The magnet I was given reminds me to relax and enjoy the ride.
And what have we gained? Do Calypso, mung beans and curry really compensate for what we have lost or for the many less appealing sides of Multiculturalism with which we are now, day after day, confronted.
measures approx 3 inches tall and 3/4 of an inch wide.
We're not going episode to episode like we did in our weekly recap, but we will tackle many major points; so things will vary with each podcast until we find some sort of set formula.
I give this book a 5 out of 5
I got all wrapped up in your smile.
You probably don’t believe this can actually happen. But I’m going to tell you that it can—because over time we’ve all been subtly hypnotized to accept certain trigger words. The process started before we could even talk.
We were on a shared path and the cyclist were good as they got off their bikes to pass us. I was so chuffed that I could keep up with the seasoned walkers although the steep hills nearly toppled me but, no, I made it! Now I'm looking forward to next Thursday.
Sleeping Mom
For them it’s probably worse – they started with nine weeks of basic training before getting to OCS. For our peers from ROTC and USMA, this is there first run in the “real” Army, so they’re riding strong. A lot of the classes we get at IBOLC are the same classes (with exactly the same PowerPoint slides) that we got at OCS. Training environments can be mind-numbing, all the more so when the courses are exactly the same.
There are 5 of us total. I have two sisters and two brothers. Now that said let me just say that my parents really had 3 sets of family to raise. My two brothers and I were all born within the first 3 1/2 years they were married. I'm the eldest, then my next oldest brother was born when I was 18 months old and the baby brother was born when older brother was 14 months old. After 6 years of him being the baby little sister was born. Then when I was 19 years, 9 months and 12 days (yeah, I counted) my baby sister was born. We're all extremely close in spite of all the various age differences. Baby sister was about 4 when she became an Aunt from baby brother. LOL. Of course in our family that wasn't weird as my baby Aunt on my Mother's side became an Aunt at 6 weeks old to my oldest cousin and is only about 3 years older than me. Okay, I got off base and went back into the family a bit. Sorry.
Crops of Luv makes albums for Make A Wish Albums for families who go to Disneyland or World. Please visit and support each crafter and also if you would like to make layouts for Crops of Luv you can do so by contacting.... Crops of Luv at http://www.cropsofluv.com.
I took a shortcut at the end (imagine that) by melting the cheese over the previously toasted bread in the microwave and then spooning the finished soup around it. The bread really soaked it up. I was delighted with the outcome. I didn't think this dish was within my cooking finesse. It does take a bit of time, but the results are worth the effort. Bon Appetit!
6 pc Mini paper punch set- cow, house, frog, dove, shark, snail- 5.00 UNUSED
I understand that personal schedules, etc. have an effect on who can and cannot attend, but I would love to see more “up and comers” involved. Budding young stars like: Rakieem Salaam, Robbie Andrews, Johnny Dutch, Will Claye, Jessica Beard, Phoebe Wright, and Lauren Fleshman, among others. Because, in keeping with my theme of maximizing our potential, we need to begin to get as much “seasoning” for those who appear to be our future. And taking these young people out of their “comfort zone” and having them compete in the kinds of environments that they will see in Major competitions in the future is money well spent – especially if we are already committed to spending the money!
Took about an hour to get everything down drive there and set everything back up.
Winners will have until January 31st to Claim their Prizes B/c of the Holiday!
Actually, whole grains are very good for you, but they still suck. They are such a weakness. Seriously, grains are just a black hole for me. A black hole of hunger waiting to happen. That never happens with veggies. Sometimes with meat. I feel like to avoid this I have to eat my roughage first followed by other veggies. I used to eat my veggies first to save the best for last, which was usually not the veggies, but now I do it to combat the back hole of hunger.
When I look back at some of my exuberant posts, it's clear I was having fun, but not contributing much more to the food blogosphere than snapshots of what I ate. Zzzz.
So that's that for today anyway.
Having done the full time job and now doing the full time mama/maid routine, let me tell you… A full time job is SO much easier. You get to have a break, get to have an adult conversation and when you do a good job, you get told you did. You get a raise, you get a promotion, you get recognition.
Yet if they prevail and all are not discouraged, then shall they be proved the most courageous of all.
Heck yeah, I’m reading on. Here’s just a few more lines.
Welcome to day 2 of Getting Cricky Fun. If you missed day one of this fun series, you will want to go back and see that post. In it, I explain all about the fun going on at Getting Cricky and I also post a preview of the stamp set that I will be giving away. Today's entry chances are listed at the bottom of this post. Today I made this fun Valentine Card for you to view. I used the "It's Valentines" stamp set from K. Andrew Designs.
What I have a huge problem with: the nutjobs who staged protests against the OSPCA, dressing their dogs up in black, who brought their children to a mock funeral (abounding with small coffins!) for the animals euthanized. This isn't normal human behaviour.
Their mother, Bethany Gonzales, says she wants her children back in the U.S., but she has limited political and legal means available to her in the Gaza Strip, a largely isolated and impoverished Palestinian territory ruled by the Islamic militant group Hamas.
This subtext is played out in the battle between the antagonist Naritsugu and the hero Shinzaemon.
Despite warnings I often see on the Net I have yet to encounter an instance in which a hold up man called the police to report his intended victim threatened to shoot him. Thugs do not want to come into contact with the police. They may already be wanted or realize chances are good they have been identified in a recent robbery. Or what ever. They are not going to call the police if you draw on them.
More tears, soothing v-neck interventions, a lucky flight delay (smog in Beijing) and $600 later (refunded today), we were saved. Homeward bound.
Luke 19:12-27
Are us girls headed for the dirtbikers, the rock 'n' rollers, the guys with the jeans hanging at their knees?
Feeling like I've turned the corner a bit on this bummer of a week, I thought I would share some good things.
As has been mentioned in previous IPKat commentary here, it seems unlikely that the fourth step will ever be used in practice. For practitioners in particular, it does not therefore seem to be of much use as a "get out of jail" card for patent applications that would otherwise be within one or more of the excluded areas.
Furthermore, moving various heavy industry to the moon wouldn’t be such a bad idea, either, since ‘air pollution’ needs ‘air’ to pollute. Of course you’d have the issue of having the workforce present, but aren’t we moving towards automated factories, anyway? Provided we can reliably get to the moon and back (which is something that all of this argument is predicated upon), this would make our planet significantly cleaner without really affecting the moon in any negative way that matters.
J. Hudson Taylor, the great missionary statesman and founder of the China Inland Mission, prepared himself for missionary service by doing “gospel work” in London among the people “In the lowest part of the town.” On one occasion, as he was finishing up his work late at night, he was stopped by a man who asked if he would come and pray with his sick wife. The man explained that he had sought to fond a priest, but was told that he would need a payment of eighteen pence, which the man did not have. Indeed the man confessed that he did not even have money to buy food for his starving family.
We changed into our costumes before the parade of course, at the school in a restroom. I left my clothing there, thinking, stupidly, that noone would want my clothes. I did not wear designer-anything, most were bought on clearance, and so I left them there in the stall.
Anton pointed to his laptop, sitting on the coffee table in front of us.
When I was fourteen years old, I snapped pictures of Jack Callaghan doing the horizontal salsa in the backseat of a car with Greta Pritchard. That's when I knew for sure I'd grow up to be a private eye.
She did, you know. Some mother made
In addition to being a close Najib associate, Abdul Razak Baginda is the former head of a Malaysian think-tank who was at the centre of a 2006 investigation into the notorious death of Mongolian translator and party girl Altantuya Shaariibuu.
He said he went with the family to the house, noticed a hole and began knocking to find a hollow spot. Once he found the spot, he kicked in the wall and cut the coins loose. “They poured out. The force of them … Was crazy,” Bidelman said.He said an older couple who lived in the home 20 years ago used the wall as a piggy bank. That turned into a tradition, with more and more people adding to the wall bank. Bidelman said he is selling the coins on behalf of the family and will continue to give them the proceeds. With news video.
independent American farmers and the difficulties they have in surviving in today’s
1 apron-clad
"miley fitz" aka smiley fritz.. even if he has a mouthful of scroll!
Thanks to everyone who took the time to vote - I appreciate it :-)
If you’re pregnant: How do you handle with morning sickness? What works? What doesn’t work? What is happening to your baby at each stage of development? How do you feel physically each month? What are the health issues you face during your pregnancy? How do you deal with the emotional side of pregnancy? What are you doing to prepare for the arrival of the baby? How are you preparing your other children for the new baby? How is the pregnancy affecting your marriage? How has it changed? Who can you interview for a professional perspective on pregnancy? How can you use your unique insights in a health article, personal experience piece, article or story for children, how-to article, poem, fiction, and/or a meditation/devotional?
I recently heard something that sharpened my perspective on life. My friend said that we victimize ourselves. We let our past mistakes dictate the future. I constantly see people falling into this trap. It’s easy because we tend to focus on negativity. I champion self-empowerment, but fighting against yourself is difficult. It highlights the power of our internal demons.
28.) “Write something down; don’t think something up.”–Julia Cameron, The Right to Write
Cricut American Alphabet Cart
@ @Hazeleyedkell21 The books R gr8! UR in 4 a treat! #OneForTheMoney movie is fun & sexy like the books! Gotta wait till 1/27/12! It's comin'!"
“This is very important, grave and historic.”
On your Twitter page you’ll see the tweets of people you’re following. Now you know how to tweet, RT, and reply, but if you’re not following anyone your page will be blank. So how do you get followers, and who do you follow? If you know someone’s user name, you can go to their profile by adding it to the Twitter address in the address bar, like this: www.twitter.com/scbwihouston.
Monday - Holiday from work. Mom and Daughter time with Goodwill Shopping
One of mine is incense. Incense is made of spices and gum and burned to ward off evil spirits and to create a warm, safe feeling. Incensed means very angry, like being set alight.
the health- not so good.
"If you were a boy Gerardo, I might've molested you by now."
The separation between vision and sun glasses in achieved through the materiality of the display surfaces: the vision glasses are placed in surfaces of black iron and the sunglasses are nested on surfaces of plywood.
But some of the people I informed of the meme seem to be on their way to much less ambiguity (and, possibly in the case of the next quoted sentence, more profit) in their sexual future. For instance, the first sentence on page 45 of that classic culinary standby, Joy of Cooking, supplies one reader with the following:
Is that what they did? I don’t think so
Adams is also charged with making false statements to the JTC about the matter.
I decided to add a little bit of gold glitter to the flowers and the designer paper. The fence on the bottom was punched out with a Martha Stewart punch.
Maybe those things are the new bullhorns? We could be in an age of catching more flies with honey than with vinegar. If that’s the case, the question hasn’t died – it’s just being massaged out of the evangelizee (just coined that word, I think) instead of being jackhammered out by the evangelizer. Apparently, it’s not doing the job as well if only 46% of people are asking the question.
And, strange as it may seem, Nash was at his most productive when life was at its darkest - in the years following his mother's death, and following his father's, and at moments when his own life hung by a thread. Whatever the debates about modernity and Britishness, about abstraction, surrealism and the rest, Nash was motivated by an awareness of and terror of death. He spent his life coming to terms with mortality, in his strange paintings of tree stumps and ancient stones and heaps of felled wood, using the language of natural forms to explore the processes of which, like it or not, we are part.
"The holographic doctor, Annie." answers Penny, "He told me he never gave himself a name, so I have said I will call him Joe until he finds a better one. Actually, I think he is going to keep it."
They remained in the park after the rallies began, taking it all in.
Betty
The dog people think they are the best. They are rather loyal and true blue if I do say so myself. They walk around covered in fur…no not the kind that has PETA up in arms…the ones that come from petting and loving their furry friends.
I’ll limit myself to one post a day on this after today but as I’m writing this I’m already over 50% to target. This FAQ will be a living post that I’ll add to as people ask things about the project. I’ll let you know when I update it.
Lightly muddle the cardamom pods. Add all other ingredients, then shake well with ice cubes. Strain through a fine-mesh wire sieve into a champagne coupe. Note: If you scale up, go easy on the cardamom. A little goes a long way, so if, say, you quadruple the recipe, maybe only double the spice.
Bond: You didn’t get him killed.
Head Circumference: 14.25 in (14%)
My men grow ghastly, wan and weak.”
with creme fraiche and leeks and spring onions
(Just in time for the Avengers movie.)
The warning signs had been there for a while. One other driver asked me a couple of weeks before if I'd noticed weirdness with the gas gauge on that particular limo, a six-passenger. I thought nothing of it. Standard procedure for all drivers is to fill the tank after each run, so the next run can start with a minimum of set-up time.
Cant they just talk to me nicely and poke me says that picture are not allowed with my fucking chinese statue ^O^
Nevertheless, they are both nice covers! I like the coloring of These Girls best even if they did amputate her hand. But the best part is there are only 2 instead of the myriad versions of this guy that I have sniffed out over the years.
Tell your representative to vote this one down, and if you believe in the anti-abortion agenda, then tell them to go back, and write a more carefully considered bill. Fortunately, it is unlikely that this bill would get through both houses of Congress even if it made it through the House, but it sure sends a terrible message to women, and for that matter, male victims of rape as well.
DCS Williams told the court that “the mere presence of a name and address does not mean anything unlawful has gone on.” The witness went on to state that “you would expect” that people who worked in the media would have possession of this sort of information and he “could not assume the purpose it’s held for is interception.” DCS Williams added that this had also been the view of the Crown Prosecution Service when they had reviewed the case last year (2009).
I realize that I had started this thing that I sometimes do. I freak out and feel insecure and let it knaw at me. I tell other those fears... and I had started talking about how I had heard that others were not behind me, and not wishing me well. This only seemed to exacerbate my fears. I was, it would seem, unbeknownst to me, creating a bad reality, a trap for my own self. I had fallen into the negative energy and this only added to my already self-made fears. I certainly knew how to multiply, I was doing so quite well.
I also got to make a flyer for a signing in Waterstones in Chiswick for Lucie Cash’s new book Fairytale Food. Got to put my creative skills to use. Other than that I just had a lot of photocopying as well as filing and the usual office things.
I’m a stay-at-home mom. And I work my butt off every single day. Despite what Ms. Rosen believes, I’m keenly aware of the current economic issues effecting families – how to feed the children, send them to school – and I regularly worry about their futures. I find Ms. Rosen’s statement highly offensive because she implies that because I stay at home with the kids, I must be living a life of luxury. Of privilege. Let’s be honest – that couldn’t be further from the truth. Let me break it down for you:
This past weekend, new stars seemed to take their place. In Boston, Wayne Davis of Raleigh NC set a National Indoor record in the 60 meter hurdles. His 7.60 taking none other than multiple Olympic and World Medalist Terrence Trammell from the record book. 60 meter champion Devon Smith of White Plains MD would have held his own in this years Collegiate 60 as evidenced by his 6.63 victory. And Jordan Hasay of Arroyo Grande CA showed that she is still a part of the future of women's distance running with an outstanding 2 mile win in 10:10.89!
We have 4 children, but only one that can read and write. This is our way to record our history.
For a special occasion?
My children's literature study materials - will I ever complete my diploma? My own children's book illustrations and text I will keep until I have finished this work, or decide I won't.
Since when do kids need knee pads to crawl safely? Aren’t babies born with built-in knee pads called “baby fat”? Isn’t that why their knees adorably dimple?
9: 12:15-12:20
Is it to remember a special place I traveled?
Some things are more obvious, like when you bring your shoes to the door and try to put them on. Obviously you want to go outside. Arms up is up. Nmmm numm nmmm + the more sign closer to your mouth means eat.
There was easily a hundred people or more sprawled out in an area that used to have chairs and benches. Adults were talking on their phones, typing away on laptop computers, watching movies, and sleeping. Kids ran wild, food ground into the carpet and toys strewn about. It was madness.
I send you laughter and good times
Wacky fashion designer Betsey Johnson has been forced to file for bankruptcy after disappointing sales figures, and the majority of her 63 stores across the world will have to close their doors, and 350 staff will be fired.
Kristallnacht (“The Night of Broken Glass”)
The muse burst forth. Yes, I'm a natural Mom - I definitely lean toward crunchy Earth-mamaness. I might have made a fine hippie; I was even born in 1969.
out and paint!
Kathryn Cunningham, who works at Dell Williams Jewelers, said the downtown business community was stunned to hear the news of Collins’ violent death.
The band started playing out in 1990 and released a great demo called 'Doomsday' (which I still have on cassette somewhere!). What are your memories of the NYC ska scene of the early 90's?
I went home to New Zealand to spend Christmas with family. These pictures are taken at my boyfriends family farm in Whitecliffs, Canterbury NZ.
“The state has given him enough psychotropic drugs that the judge found he met the definition to be competent to be executed,” said Stickels, who is asking the courts to halt the execution. “The whole reason he’s been medicated is to make him competent to be executed.”
The building was used as a hospital for wounded British soldiers before the surrender to Japan in 1942. General Percival and Sir Shenton had a discussion here in the Fullerton Building on the possibility of surrendering Singapore to the Japanese. The building became the headquarters of the Japanese Military Administration in Singapore during the Japanese Occupation.
But I still don’t know anything of what Greg did or how much truth there was in those reports. All I can go by is what I knew of him and what my guts told me. I find it hard to believe that, outside of psychopathy, that anyone is totally bad but that’s a discussion for another place. All I mean to say that all of us are a mish mash of possibilities. There is cruelty, there is kindness. If we believe everything about eachother and ourselves is set in stone then all hope is lost.
Whole wheat pizza with mushrooms, parmesan, oregano and farm egg (my husband was drooling over this)
Happy day to you.
Answer the questions in as much or as little detail as suits you
It’s true.
But what are yours? If you could go back in time and hand out Printz awards to pre-1999 titles, which would you pick?
Ready In: 6 Hours 10 Minutes
Everybody have a good one. Be good. And if you can't be good at least be safe!
disharmony between S.79 (which provides immunity to intermediaries for hosting infringing content) and S.81 of the IT Act (which states that S.79 shall not restrict anyone from exercising rights granted under the India Copyright and Patents Act). To simplify the issue with an illustration – assume someone uploads a 10 minute video clip from the latest Bollywood movie to YouTube from
The weekend is almost here and we have no major plans, I'm jumping around doing the happy dance right about now... :-). That means the kids and I can bake and craft all weekend. What better way to start our summer off, being today was the last day of school for the kids?
17) TARANTULA – The Tarantulas
GSMC initially put the magnitude of the earthquake at 5.8 and indicated Georgia’s village of Zemo Kedi in Dediplistskaro district as its epicenter.
You've seen a very similar outfit to this one before, but I had to post it again to show you this coat, which has been a lifesaver during our cold, rainy spring. What's interesting about this jacket is that although I bought it in 2005 (I remember because my sister was visiting at the time and helped me pick it out), it seems to get more and more current as the years go by. The bold, graphic floral print and mix of colors seem very fresh to me, and I've worn it a ton over the last couple of months. If I saw it in a store today I'd surely buy it all over again.
At a conference in Seattle in September 1969, I announced that in the spring of 1970 there would be a nationwide grassroots demonstration on behalf of the environment and invited everyone to participate. The wire services carried the story from coast to coast. The response was electric. It took off like gangbusters. Telegrams, letters, and telephone inquiries poured in from all across the country. The American people finally had a forum to express its concern about what was happening to the land, rivers, lakes, and air – and they did so with spectacular exuberance. For the next four months, two members of my Senate staff, Linda Billings and John Heritage, managed Earth Day affairs out of my Senate office.
Look FWIW, theres only two of the four titles listed on his online catalogue on Amazon as of today and they are all his own books. This is a one man band and not what you’re looking for. He’d have been better doing a few free books for his mates and family before he put ad in Writers Forum. That must have cost a few hundred alone!
Two gay men started this channel on YouTube as a direct result of hearing about other recent cases of teens committing suicide because of bullying about their sexuality. On this channel, gay people submit videos of themselves talking about how they had it tough as teens, but that their lives got better and that it would not always be this tough for kids going through bullying and taunting about their sexuality.
“Yeah, but I don’t want bloody bits of dwarf stuck on my wheels for the next two weeks.” Finn sniffed. “This is an Aston Martin, Gin. You don’t run over dead bodies in an Aston Martin.”
The first time I ever had henna on my hands is when I visited Morocco to meet my husband's family. My husband's sister patiently applied the decorations to my hands at night, and then in the morning we travelled to Fes to see the old medieval Medinah and get lost in all the ancient winding alleyways...oh those were the days...travelling is so much fun!
Most people would probably not be surprised to learn that the words “travel” and “travail” are related. Sure, we often associate travel with fun and adventure, while “travail” can mean “agony” or “torment”; the connection between these meanings is probably only obvious to sadomasochists. In fact the root word, “trepalium”, was a Latin term for an instrument of torture, a contraption made of three stakes (“pales”) to which a victim was tied before being subjected to unspeakable horrors. That word lives on today as the name of a French death metal band; that doesn’t even need a punchline.
I've mostly known the BART corridor - working downtown, living in the Mission or Bernal Heights. I like Lower Haight a lot, and the Divisadero corridor. I think I'd like Russian Hill, with a view of the water. Much as I love the Mission, I figure sooner or later it's for the best to experience the city in some different ways.
She leans back over Cheryl and tenderly clears the hair that’s stuck to her sweated forehead.
Cassie would write down the bill that needed to be paid, along with the amount due, on the specific day of the month. Once the bill was paid, a check was marked next to it. Once it came out of their account, another check went by it. Pretty smart and streamlined right?!
PVSDU Blog (pvsdublog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Running from the heat
Morning all!!
Today marks a week of livewithfruit and a big thank you to all you lovely readers and subscribers. To mark this occasion we have a fruit with a powerful name. It is time to enter the Dragon fruit (Hylocereus undatus). Wow what a title! Surly livewithfruit is in for a treat!
The first time he met me he had patted me on the butt; I screamed back at him. For you see, I was one of the first babies Dr. Scholl delivered when he started his medical practice. I almost worshipped the man. In those days doctors were held in very high esteem by their patients, practically thought of as gods, ones who could do not wrong. Today it is a bit different the way we think of doctors. With Martin, Allen and Freddie, Dr. Scholl came to Mussie's to see Mom. They were all three born at home. I can remember being just thrilled when seeing Dr. Scholl walk into the yard. Little kids have deep impressions about common everyday experiences. I was no different. He was my idol.
And when the dispatcher told him not to follow the kid, he said, “Okay.”
Thanks for all the great comments!!
White Zimbabweans used to tell a joke—what is the difference between a tourist and a racist? The answer—about a week.
Weddings with dancing
If you're like me and you have a prolific abstract painter in house, you probably wind up with reams of painted paper. What to do with all these delightful bits? Some end up on the wall as is ...others become gift wrapping paper or cards. This time around, Spring time inspiration struck and we decided to cut them into all sorts of butterfly shapes- Eric Carle style. Now the wall is covered with a mass of rainbow hued butterflies. Maybe we'll add some flower shapes too. And to complete the scene she painted a few of those classic egg-carton caterpillars. Easy, messy and good times!
Father: Josiah Franklin –
So, guess I won't be pretending it anymore!
Move over Bugs – a bunny is rapidly becoming the most popular rabbit in the world!
My number one question was “how are we doing”. We were always given what seemed to be a brush off answer, everything looks good and the doctor thinks its fine. Since we weren’t talking to a doctor I felt we were never given a real answer as to how the treatment was going and the challenges and successes they were facing with my cycle. I feel this clinic fails to really educate there patients about where there patients are in a cycle. As a patient I want to know the all the medical details with explanations. I want to understand the process and that my money is buying me some personalized attention and the best advice out there. Unfortunately as a result I never totally felt comfortable and confidante with my treatment.
Instead of wishing you were here, like I did before,
they’d even met. He’d had something against female tattoo artists. Thorn
I could smile all night as you torment me
Nik Day....Keep on Rock'n!
No, Claire, not something on my must-try list, I am merely a spectator :o)
This leads me to distinguish between energy conservation and energy efficiency because many people tend to confuse the two terms. Energy conservation results in the use of less energy. As suggested by the International Energy Agency, energy efficiency is the use of technology that requires less energy to perform the same function (Energy Efficiency).
One of my other fantasy football teams is in the playoffs this week. As a brief background, the league is a PPR, keeper league and consists of 12 teams. 6 of those squads make the playoffs. Teams receive 6 points for any touchdown (including quarterback passes), 1 point for every 50 passing yards, 20 yards rushing, 25 yards receiving, sack, and reception. Players lose 2 points for each fumble/interception and defenses gain 2 points for these stats as well as for safeties. 1 bonus point is awarded when a passer reaches 200, 300, 400, and 500 yards and when receivers/running backs reach 100, 150, 200, 250, and 300 yards. Rosters consist of 16 players--three of these people can be kept to the next year (no fees or anything assessed to keepers). Teams start 1 QB, 2 RB's, 3 WR/TE's, 1 K, and 1 Def. The best scores usually range from 90-over 100, though only 1 or 2 teams (and sometimes 0) score over 100 in any given week.
Last year at this time, we were in the throes of closing in on our closing date and preparing to move into this house. Very little gardening happened in 2011; not in my head, not anywhere. I made it a point to minimize the gardening when we moved in, and that was a good thing. But this year, we’re ready to have a full-fledged kitchen garden and start creating some backyard landscaping, beyond the one puny bed we inherited when we moved in.
-Scoop the bean mixture into a mixing bowl and add the chia meal and spices. Stir well to combine.
And we will keep fighting until justice is done.
Can you live a day — a week, a month, a year — without reading a book? Whether on a Kindle, borrowed from a friend or the library (i.e. depriving us authors of our desperately needed royalties), bought for 50 cents at a yard sale or thrift store, or, maybe, purchased at full price in hardcover, are you still reading books at all?
Always: I see my nephew or nieces and smile and know everything is going to be okay
Elder Paisius the Athonite
At least... I think I won this. I can't seem to find any record of how I would have come to receive it.
(We surprised you didn't we???) Don't miss out!!
Well, OFSTED has made yet another sensational (not to mention scandalous) discovery. It seems that the UK is slipping in the international league tables in standards of Literacy. A full account of this can be read HERE.. This outrageous matter has been found out, by pure coincidence, shortly after the appointment of the new OFSTED supremo, Sir Michael Wilshaw. Sir Michael has impressed the government by his ability to walk around a playground, telling pupils off and stopping them from hugging each other. Having such unique talents,he is clearly the man needed as Chief Inspector for Schools.
MALAVAUD S, MALAVAUD B, SANDERS K, et al. Nosocomial outbreak of influenza virus A (H3N2) infection in a solid organ transplant department. Transplantation 2001; 72: 535-537.
jet trails from California
I plan to treat each of my two Labyrinth Lord sessions as a stand-alone experience, that is, new players may join the second day's session without prior knowledge of the first day's game and I will NOT assume continuity between the two days' games. Yet if a critical mass of players from the first day's session come back for the second one and want to "continue" deeper into the same dungeon, and the new players consent, I will strive to work that in.
The nationalist movement ought to be rid of scum like Williams and Griffin.
Commonly, you’ll want to register at various corporations using your email address. Ensure you develop a brand new email account specifically for this objective. This really is since you happen to be going to be bombarded by all sorts of emails.
Throughout it all, Italy’s public debt has been steadily rising and is now closing in on 2 trillion euros, much larger than the country’s economy. Meanwhile GDP actually shrank in the 4th quarter of last year by an annualized rate of 2.6%.
guy: I mean someone without hand cuffs!
Now we can talk more clearly about behavior changes (e.g. “BlueDot Behavior” vs. “BlackPath Behavior”). I think this is really helpful.
Thank you always for reading always, for your inspiring commentary, for understanding (and sometimes not understanding), for loving flowers, for your amusement at beauty and interest in what I have to say.
Reverse Engineering is the SWTOR equivalent of WoW disenchanting; it provides very few materials, but it is the way prototype and artifact schematics are discovered. By reverse-engineering premium-quality items (this destroys them), you have a chance of discovering the prototype schematic; RE-ing the prototype items gives a chance of discovering the artifact recipe.
While it is for national courts to carry out the assessment concerned, the ECJ considered that the operator plays an ‘active role’ which gives it knowledge of or control over the data relating to the offers for sale when it provides assistance such as optimizing the presentation of the online offers for sale or promoting those offers. When the operator has played an active role of that kind, it can no longer rely on the exemption from liability which Article 14(1) confers.
3. Some amazing stories of the power of the cross.
Whilst waiting for the Eastern Conference to finish up Round 1 (Philadelphia is the only team to advance at this point), players like Hal Gill (who was practicing both yesterday and this morning) should be ready to go by Round 2. Also on the Predators’ side is the fact that Raffi Torres has been knocked out of the series altogether, eliminating any chances of any intentional injuries that may hurt the Predators in the long run.
Train lights up and each car has unique feature to keep little ones busy
and hopefully throwing in some craft time
3. Work the gathers with your fingers so they don't form any pleats or puckers.Take your time with this step as it will be worth it in the end.
Marquis de Sade: Who will be your lover in this house?
Do you have any habits you'd never get rid of?
The only thing that is different about my friendship with her is that I have to be a little more considerate about certain things. In writing "Mine", I can't tell my story with Tyler without talking about Colby. When it comes to that, I've made sure to talk to her about it all first. Not because I need her permission, but because I respect her enough to do so. Our friendship is worth those kinds of precautions, to me.
Don't be afraid to reuse colours! Reusing colours not only helps the stamp match the paper better, but it also helps to unify the finished product. It makes the stamp seem less busy to have common colours, rather then a bunch of different colours for each object and part.
And it moves in circles.
This one isn't so much trickery as it is just plain ol' fun to take your time. I know very few people who scarf string cheese in a few bites; most play with it like they did in their elementary school cafeteria, making it last as long as possible. So bring out your inner child and appreciate string cheese for the prize it is: roughly 150 calcium filled calories of glorious time-consuming wonderment.
Here's the part where you'll need lots of buttons. You can buy button making kits and refills for just a few dollars (I used the 5/8" size). It does take some time to make all the buttons though, so this would be a good place to enlist the help of a friend and get it done assembly style.
Honestly my son and I miss to be in Long Island a lot. But the city we live in is also full of fun, friendship, family love, beautiful view&weather and good food.
Jim
I can only assume that Itsuki is a young'n, and unaware that we're all onto this kind of crap already. I do like the simplicity of this approach, the implied complicity.
The reality of network marketing is defined and suggested by it’s name.
With that being said, I am excited to announce that I will now be offering sponsored advertising here at ReMadeSimple! I am committed to promoting businesses and sites that I feel would be relevant to you and promise to always give my honest opinion when doing sponsored posts. For more details and rates, click here.
I was told later the level of education was higher in WA than in Victoria. It is believable.
The third is a studious, serious and quite beautiful child who resembles her father. Both physically and in her levels of intelligence.
Okay, so . . . Epiphany One. Apparently, a person can have a few too many loose ends in her life, and the preponderance of said loose ends can make a normally together person feel all sorts of unresolved and, well, icky. Math wiz that I am, the equation looks like this: Too many loose ends = too many variables = overwhelm = risk aversion = a disturbing bout of inertia. Sure, I oversimplified, but who can function with that kind of resistance?
The 16 beers in the running to win the competition are:
Besides things going horribly wrong, as stories in sequels usually do? Nope! I'm just going to go in hoping that Cambria will surprise me. :) I find that going in with expectations sometimes makes it easier for a book to disappoint me, so I'm keeping my mind open so I can love Charade hopefully as much as I loved Masquerade!
Quietly observing cloud patterns....
Jeannine Marie Damiani-Jones, 28, New York, N.Y.
The Pigs NEED an anatomy lesson!
Homer: Got any of that beer that has candy floating in it? You know, Skittlebrau?
March! Spring! Well, except for the two feet of snow/slush on the ground. (I just typed "snot" by mistake. Not sure that's far wrong.) Anyway, still woodstove weather, and what could be a better companion than an illustrated encyclopedia--short bites, suitable for a frost-bitten brain. And pictures!
I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas and a Very Happy New Year....
My blog needs to be 500 words, so i need to add more.
The pilot reported what he saw to the assistant and asked him what he wanted him to do. The assistant told the pilot to return home. “Put as much distance as you can between you and that river,” the assistant ordered. “I wouldn’t want your balloon to be hit by some stray lightning bolt.”
It is time for a new House Mouse and Friends Monday Challenge blog challenge and the new challenge theme is "HUMOR". We all know those darling and very whimsical meecies have humor incorporated in nearly all of their stamps. I hope you'll have fun with this super theme challenge.
From the LBGT community, they basically can’t stand Christians, because they (mostly) think they’re all hypocrites and condemn them to hell. Not true.
If only I could approach my life the way I approach a yoga class, maybe that would make me happy….
Celly is primarily a free group texting service. Group texting saves time, improves communication, provides documentation of texts, and sets the stage for easily using many other cell phone tools. The Cells referred to in Celly are instant mobile networks. With Celly, you can have open group chat, one-way alerting, or a hybrid where curators can approve messages.
Further, what gave the police the right to put up barbed-wire barricades around the Dataran? The order given by the magistrate (whatever its lawfulness may be!) did not extend to the use of barricades. If the action of the police was illegal, surely people were entitled to breach the barricades, and enter the Padang. Dataran Merdeka does not belong to the government, Datuk Bandar or the police. It belongs to the people.
~Rimmel white eyeliner
B6 Moonshine Song 3:32
See, aren't we just Geeky.. I mean Greeky! HA!
Many volunteers are spending most of their time teaching English classes at various youth centers and associations. Several people are also writing grants and working on larger community projects for things such as building libraries, planting trees and constructing parks, refinishing an old abandoned swimming pool, and putting together manuals on topics such as Entrepreneurship for Moroccan Youth with hopes of job creation. Hearing the hard work so many of my peers are doing was inspiring and helped get me thinking of project ideas and how I can become more involved with my new community.
Overall my first Foodie Pen Pals experience was an awesome one, and I am definitely looking forward to participating again next month. Are you interested in participating yourself? Check of the details below
16:30: Dr Chaouachi restates his earlier view that there is so much fraudulent science relating to tobacco that it should be aggregated, and action be taken to bring those who produce it to trial.
Buses to VivoCity/HarbourFront
Culture Shift: The Battle for the Moral Heart of America by R. Albert Mohler Jr. . (Multnomah Books, Colorado Springs, 2008,2011). 185 pages reviewed.
It took me an hour or so to fall back asleep, and I'm not sure when I had this thought- either then, or when I woke up, but I think it was then because I'm pretty sure when I woke up I had to recreate it.
In April of 1968, I was a 15-year old high school sophomore with connections to my school’s first Black History Club, a new elective taught by a young male caucasian political science graduate who had arrived as the new Social Studies teacher in September. At first glance, students called him a “hippie”. He soon faced the wrath of the school administration as he was challenged to conform to dress code, hair length requirements, and traditional teaching methods. Soon, he had cut his hair, changed his style of dress, and shared that he might be transferring out the school. This infuriated the students, who felt that he was one of few teachers who accepted, understood, and related to Black students. Before March, Mr. H had left us, the Black History Club was defunct, and members were disbanded. On the day that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated in Memphis – it was lunchtime, and I was in the cafeteria eating with classmates. All of a sudden, the word spread that “they” had killed Dr. King, and I witnessed Black students (many former members of the Black History Club) standing to turn over lunch tables, throw food and chairs across the room. Most students, in shock, froze and looked towards staff who were present for help. Simultaneously, every adult in the cafeteria began running out, or into the room where faculty ate, closing the door and locking it. Some teachers arrived there knocking, and no one let them in. Everyone was panicked, screaming – and everything was out of control. I left, walking down the hall to hear and see the same chaos throughout the building. I moved to leave the building, passing caucasian classmates who panicked as I approached, thinking that I was one of the students walking up to them, banging them in their arms, backs, faces, or cursing profanities at the top of their lungs. I got out of the building to the bus stop to find chaos outside of the building, cars in traffic honking horns, trash cans being thrown, white students being assaulted, and buses not stopping to pick up riders. I came up to Ruth from my English class and her friend, holding one another tightly in fear. We rode the #19 bus home daily. I’d never seen the look of fear so closely. I stopped, telling them I’d see them safely onto the bus. We stood in a triangle, waiting to run to the first bus that would stop. Later, I’d see the national news accounts of the killing, the riots, the fires, the chaos across the country. Curfews were ordered by the Mayor, Governor, President, and I learned the word “bayonet” when I asked my mother what the national guardsmen carried as they marched in double-time up our inner-city block – rifles with swords on the end. Became startled as she abruptly pulled me away from the window. And yet, children are resilient…
Just this morning I had a client email me for a wedding NEXT MONTH… now you know, this is SHORT notice and the reasoning for this is that they have run into (unknown) problems with their current wedding photographer. This happens far to frequently. With photographers, DJs, cake decorators, florists and every other vendor associated with the wedding industry. Unfortunately, the wedding industry is HUGE and many ‘fly by night’ companies and some very well-meaning entrepreneurs try to break into the market to ‘get a piece of the pie’ so to speak and very quickly find out they underestimated what goes into what we do. This can spell disaster when it comes to your wedding. What happens if you book a photographer for your wedding a year in advance and they are out of business in 8 months when they discover they aren’t making it?
To just put aside your feelings
Today, she’s in Bury, filming an episode of Scott & Bailey, the buddy-cop police procedural show that returns to ITV1 for a second series after becoming the highest rated new drama of 2011. Pitched as a kind of Northern Cagney & Lacey, the series revolves around Sharp’s Janet Scott and her partner in crime-fighting Rachel Bailey, played by Suranne Jones (who came up with the idea for the series with her former Coronation Street colleague, Sally Lindsay), and the disconnect between their methodical professional and chaotic personal lives.
I stand in tearful awe.
Anyway, the cinematic equivalent of a clenched fist being thrust in the air to signify the epic grandeur that is love, Lost and Delirious works on a number of different levels. However, since I would really like to shift the focus of my attention to the fantastic Mischa Barton, I'll just pick one level. And that would be the serious nature in which Léa Pool handles the material. Oh, sure, there are a couple of unintentional giggles here and there. But the weightiness of the script and performances by the actors are so precise, that the film's tone is never wobbly.
I don’t agree with the Gov. But that’s a personal, selfish type of thing. I like being a Fly-over, Drive Thru, sort of place, and I’m not sure I like the idea of the world in general knowing we have diamonds hidden in . . . well, the weeds.
Najib, who is also BN chairman, said the third quarter growth was evidence enough to counter the opposition.
The children are old enough to assist in caring for such a creature. They clean the wretched cat boxes, feed and pet the cats, they get up early to do school work, they participate in the household work. They are old enough to care for a dog.
Last night the Home Office said the UK had nothing to do with this EU plan.
and ready to reverse himself
She and her mum, Ann, talk about their experiences, six years on. As told to Penny Bailey.
Unlike those mad Harvard skillz, however, working-class skills do not always transfer to other jobs. Michelin and BMW manufacture things their way, using their own patented materials and procedures, and have their own corporate culture. Experience in these companies may or may not transfer to another job. But that is not the concern of the tech schools. They've made THEIR profit, after all.
In Britain, with business closures and job cuts in the private and public sectors, three million unemployed and many more under-employed or simply staying home, Prime Minister David Cameron’s message to people is, “Don’t complain about welfare cuts, go and find work.”
We climbed up the mountains of Arizona, through GREEN (oh how I miss the many different colors of GREEN!) Rock formations a plenty! We had to slow down to one lane due to highway construction. The landscape was full of scrub oaks, ponderosa pines...datura, salvia, sage, and sunflowers lined the highway naturally...it was spectacular!
Secondly, as a preacher, Stott’s rigorous study of the text alongside the gift of succinct clarity is desperately needed in our pulpits and something which I want to be the hallmark of mine and a new generation of preachers.
It was time for tea after the Cathedral tour. And Peterborough has a gem of a place: Margaret’s Tea Room in Wentworth Street. Only open a few months, but these guys will do you a top notch cuppa and cake.
This blog hop will run from Friday, April 20th at midnight and end at midnight pst on Sunday, April 22nd. Winners will be announced on the Crafter's Companion Informational blog on Tuesday April 24th.
-Xacto knife
3422 words completed at 12:32am. Not too shabby. Of course, I can barely keep my eyes open this morning!
Happy 2012 to all!
Row 20-From bottom side of roof attach black around post from row 15 (marked row), ch1, sc in same space. Sc around post of each sc of row 15 (60) join.
Antwon Murray: Back then it was fun, never coming off the field some games just getting to go play and have fun. It became hard when you had to split time in practice on offense then defense and endurance. Mentally it was tough.
“But we’ll miss our flight,” she worried.
“Also, when I opened up the Talking Memo feature, there is a talking VU meter (for setting audio levels). For sixteen years I have been working in radio and never had anything as easy to use as that talking VU meter.”
The owner of Pulse Plastics, Alan Backleman, sanctioned the work on his building and is pleased with the result. He agreed with me that the building-long mural is an improvement and welcome facelift for the previously drab structure. Already, Alan told me that the building has been used as a backdrop for film and commercial work.
As we continue to refine our understanding of the NNRE, comparative studies and examples of practicable NNRE economic development policies and programs will help create a framework that can be adapted to local circumstances in order to help the NNRE flourish and, with it, rural communities.
Thank you Lord for the truth of your word! Help me to dwell on that and not let myself be dragged down by my insecurities. Help me to be a good example to my son/daughter and teach them how to lead a healthy lifestyle. As I gain weight I pray that you would continue to work on my character and make me into the Godly Mom that you want me to be!
the United Reform Church was holding a Coffee Morning
However, every once in a while, a glamorous occasion reared its pretty head, requiring a trip to the shops. This time, it's the Romantic Novelists' Association Summer Party, coming up in mid-May. While technically, I need a new dress like (insert clever simile here), it's a little treat to myself after years of austerity.
** “and that the Earth moves and is not the center of the world; and that an opinion may be held and defended as probable after it has been declared and defined to be contrary to the Holy Scripture.”
11 December
The mother was expecting a child and was told that tests revealed health issues that meant the baby probably wouldn’t live long after birth. Although the doctors suggested terminating the pregnancy, the mother decided she would love the child as long as she could. I took those emotions and that unselfish commitment and poured them into the “What It Means To Be Loved” lyrics.
A. Correlations among 24 demonstrators
I think if there’s an Amici Gelato nearby for 50php, we wouldn’t be getting frozen yogurt. ^_^ Of course, Gelato and Frozen Yogurt are 2 different things. I think for the Frozen Yogurt industry, 85php + 20php for 1 topping is average cost.
Gilbert noted that Salmi had tied the hands of four other panels previously asked to overrule Monette’s “sole reason” standard. In a footnote, Gilbert explained how to get past that:
I was going to meet Younger Match Guy for lunch in Metropolite tomorrow, but he emailed today saying he had a work emergency come up for Saturday, could we do Sunday? I hedged. I did end up coming home tonight, not staying at Cat Woman's house in Metropolite. I'm prepared to drive up there again, but I'd frankly hoped I'd hear from Drummer and would be seeing him while I was there. And I'm not sure I really should be doing all the driving for a first Match date. Though it's my fault for telling him I need to go shopping up there at some point (which I do, but there's no real urgency).
I've begun checking her Flickr site everyday to see if there is a new fabulously scary piece.
Matt and I had planned all day that we would visit a church down in Ventura tonight for their 6pm service, allowing Matt his first chance in a while to really sleep in. We drove down to Ventura this afternoon at about 4:30 after a leisurely morning and early afternoon sleeping and puttering around the apartment. We caught a quick bite at Jack in the Box, went by Bed Bath and Beyond to return some household items that weren’t working out, and made our way to the church building. Pulling into the darkened strip mall, we knew immediately that something was wrong, but we thought we had just entered the church’s business office address by mistake. After some quick investigation via smartphone, it became clear that we were indeed in the right location. We pulled up to the door and saw the church logo screened on the window along with the service times below: 9am and 11am. Boo. Evidently the 6pm service no longer exists, and no one bothered to update the website accordingly. If you’re going to have a web presence, people, it needs to be useful!
old and new artists represented and Sé took his time appraising them while she
Which you might have predicted, if you had really looked at Nature.
This is one of the photographs pinned to the noticeboard in the room where I write. You wouldn't want to meet this lot in a dark alley, would you? My grandmother is the one on the left and it is said that she hated this picture, but I love it. I think she thought it looked as if she was wearing the living-room curtains. Maybe she was. These are proper old ladies, although I don't think they can be that old - sixty-ish probably. From the moment I first remember her she always seemed to look pretty much like this.
until we make something out of it.
Perhaps many have wondered why Dr. Bob’s wife Anne wrote in, and widely shared from her journal, that the Bible should be the main sourcebook of all. Also why AA meetings started first with the reading of the Bible. Also, why Dr. Bob and those who followed conventional meditation guidelines began their quiet time first with the Bible. Such also was the suggested practice in the devotional books the pioneers studied and used, and which laid out guides for quiet time.
Then Gisli said: “Let us go to the courts as soon as ever we can; maybe that others than Arnor utter this.”
Kinda funny, coming full circle here….My very first hot yoga class was on January 1, 2011.
Have a great weekend! I hope you have all your Christmas / Holiday shopping done by now!
They didn't do any of this. Would it really hurt them to at least acknowledge that thousands of pubs have closed? Do they really have to deny everything?
You have until January 20th at noon CST to enter our current challenge, Valentines for Kids for a chance at three sponsors prizes drawn randomly or a spot in our Top Three. It may seem early to think about Valentines, but if you wanted to send one to SAS4Kids for one of our kids inpatient in a children's hospital, we would need to receive it by early February to make sure we have time to get it to one of the seven hospitals we are now servicing. Of course, you can enter our challenges without sending in your cards. We appreciate all those who enter our challenges and those who send in their cards for our kids!
There is no ride in an amusement park more terrifying than a Ferris wheel, folks. Because you’re stuck in that little gondola (or if it’s enclosed, you’re pretty much in a glass cage) and then they strand you at the TOP for, like, forever. At least, that’s how it feels to me. Or felt to me. I haven’t been on one in over twenty years, and I’m not going on one, even if you give me enough money to pay off my credit cards. Which is a whole insane lot of money. On second thought, maybe I would get on a Ferris wheel for that much. I think I’d have to be drunk first, though. And it would have to be, like, a kiddie Ferris wheel. Not this. And definitely not this. And positively not THIS:
So far in the Podcast they have covered definitions (part 1) and background stories of Sam Storms and Michael Patton (part 2). Tim Kimberley is somewhat of a moderator. He is trying to push more for organization and having topics to be covered.
Witherspoon
* Last year two out of five civil servants were deemed corrupt by Cuepacs. It was described as a worrying trend that needed to be tackled urgently.
they are ditching food dyes.
Yup, last Thursday, I reached absolute burnout and I realised there were other things I was also neglecting.
This area of questioning could be a cause of difficulty for Mr Bird, depending on what new evidence might be available. However again any perjury case would be based on the material nature of any incorrect testimony given by the witness, and the precise wording of the questions becomes very important. A witness is entitled to tell the court a recollection which turns out to be wrong, as long as the witness is not wrong deliberately.
Today I did more laundry (I swear, for one person I sure do have a lot of loads!) and then got ready to meet a friend for a nice walk and chat along a great trail near my house. I even brought Sofi along.
In the eight image I flipped the entire image. This changes the meaning of the photo because it looks as if Peedy is looking at somethign on the other side of the room. It also changes the position of the dresser and chair.
1Now on hearing the news of these things, all the kings on the west side of Jordan, in the hill-country and the lowlands and by the Great Sea in front of Lebanon, the Hittites and the Amorites, the Canaanites, the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites,
If you employ all of these tips, chances are you’ll be astounded when you see your next energy bill. Even if you employ some of them, you’ll notice a difference. That’s all the more welcome for work-from-home types, since they use more power than their office-dwelling counterparts. It’s a great feeling, too. You’re not only spending less on food and transportation than others, but you’ll end up spending less on electricity, too.
3:07AM
Life is motion, rather than look at a time coming why is it so hard to visualize the time that's always passing?
You know I love you still
“…Shanghai 2010 Expo. The event is the largest Expo ever with two hundred countries taking part and over 70 million visitors expected. The theme of the Expo is ‘Better City, Better Life,’”[1]
On a particularly loony day I came down the hall and into the lounge room after depositing another tonne of folded washing into it's cupboard homes to find my "eager beaver" ferreting madly through my very neatly folded vintage sheet fat quarters in search of the perfect fabric to make Oliver-la some new pants. I'll be honest. I tried the "wrap the sheet around said bear and fasten with a peg" trick. Not happening!! The "rolled up like sausage roll number zhooshed up with a stray piece of gingham ribbon" ensemble? No...the girl wanted proper pants! Zheesh !!!
The government and the public in general is already hot on our heels, trying to nip away as much of our rights as motorcyclists as they can. Why? I don’t know. Some people really just like to hit on people who belongs to the other group. It’s cagers against motorcyclist. Pedestrians vs. motorcyclist. PUV operators and drivers against motorcyclist. And bad motorcyclists like the one last night and this morning keep on acting like selfish assholes. It’s bad to wish someone bad luck yet even without me doing that sooner or later, they will get whatever they deserve.
Practically every caster in the guild was at some point in the progression of the legendary staff. There was a mage who was supposed to be getting it next, but he stopped coming, and suddenly I was being given the pieces for the first quest. This was, as I saw it, probably my only opportunity to ever see a legendary. I knew that on the totem pole of legendary staves, I was at the bottom, but I was hopeful nevertheless.
stiff grass, ice-locked.
All of my poems are copyrighted by Raymond A. Foss, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012. All rights reserved. Contact me at Ray Foss for usage. See all 18,270+ of my poems at http://www.raymondafoss.blogspot.com Poetry Where You Live.
7-9pm, The Cambridge Blue, Gwydir Street.
Every raw and intimate detail. Every honest want and thought I've had over the past couple of years is addressed so clearly in this recording as though I had dictated my life out loud to these Hutchison boys (and they had seen fit to listen and create their brilliant musical interpretation). It is truly, selfishly, my personal soundtrack. It's become my musical habit of choice.
According to Para 6.2 of Practice Note 9 of the Takeover Code 2010, the SC has the right to consider all surrounding circumstances to deem if control has been passed to a new party, thereby mandating the new party to launch a general offer.
1 Cup Broccoli
Here is entry 1 for my the Embellish Color Trends Challenge. I know the background paper is a little wild, but hey...this is for my hubs...and he's a little wild! lol. Its for V-day...I thought I should finally get my Valentine's day card out of the way. :D Ok, so I know my blue isn't really teal...but I am running low on that color, so I did the best I could.
In the page below I inked over the whole page with Distress ink then sprayed with a little water to create the watermarks on the paper. I love that effect for getting an aged look and it works especially well with Distress inks.
More or less
Gulden Draak (center, taken last year at Stubbies & Steins) might be my favorite beer ever--except that it's over 10 percent ABV and thus I don't drink it often. But it's so delicious! Caveats: it's not for "hop heads," nor for those that don't like boozy beer. This is a sweet, complex, strong dark ale. Very smooth, caramel taste. This is a beer to be savored, really enjoyed. I like starting out with one of these, or having one after dinner. According to its website, the Brewery Van Steenberge is the "only operational brewery left in the Meetjesland." In northwestern Belgium, part of the Flemish region, where they speak Dutch. Strangely, "meetjes" is Dutch for "old women." So this is the land of old women? Old women that like good beer, obviously!
The Stags won the first game against one of the best schools in Connecticut that was previously undefeated on Saturday. The weekend didn’t go sour until Monday when the Stags faced #23 Bishop Gorman of Las Vegas, Nevada –a team that they beat last year in the final of the Les Schwab Invitational in Portland, Oregon.
I have grown quite addicted to The Hairy Bikers' latest series Best of British, and have got quite emotional at their Galahad-like quest for True British Food. I feel moved to launch a crusade of my own on this side of the Channel, to defend our admittedly once appalling cooking against the slings and arrows of outrageous Frenchmen. I daren't mention Joan of Arc, as they might accuse us of doing to her what we used to do to our meat. I don't think they'd have minded so much if we'd just seared her quickly on both sides rather than burning her to a crisp.
I will be entering this into the following challenges:
...and that is post 100.
Be sure to look at your choices during different times of the day,
The EPO expects a further increase for the current year.Compared to the US,
And a hundred other little things that added up to cold hard cash in my bank account that I now use to gallivant around Paris.
When you are in love it is unlike any other feeling you will ever have. It incites you, it invigorates you, and it puts you in a focused state of mind when time stands still, and when every sense is heightened and anything and everything is possible.
The most personal touches of our wedding ended up being surprises instead of plans. During the first year Jesse and I were dating he came home from a trip to Charleston with a gift for me ... a brooch. Yes, a pretty brooch - but 5 years down the road he was still joking about the brooch I never wore. While packing for our wedding trip I was going through my jewelry and came across the brooch. The style of it went so well with my dress, I packed it and surprised him when it was attached to my bouquet. It took a while but I finally found its perfect use!!
are reasonably soft, but they don't need to be total mush.
“But,” he said as he stood up, “If I need to, I’ll have to talk to you, with or without Jeff’s okay. Okay?”
I initially passed on the collection as I have a pretty solid blush collection, and obviously, only one face. How much blush does one girl need? I happened to happen upon a swatch of Full of Joy on Instagram and knew it would have to be mine.
“Step forward. I want to see you” I breathed in a low voice.
In the spring of 2010 I went to Montana with a dear friend to take a week long seminar/retreat with Judy Niemeyer. It was the first group they hosted at their new retreat center with full catering and all the amenities. It's nice because you can take any pattern of hers you like as opposed to signing up at a shop to take a class where the pattern is usually pre-assigned. I chose the Bali Wedding Star, but instead of using batik fabrics I chose civil war era fabrics in blues and blacks. One day it will actually be finished and I'll show and tell all about it when that happens.
from my parent’s store. All the while knowing that we needed more business to cover the mortgage, to keep
Clemson/Georgia, Virginia Tech/West Virginia, South Carolina/Florida State... and so on and so forth. Kentucky is the only team that has trouble breaking into the Top25.
"uh oh.", my little sister said.
WHY ARE THEY ON A BOAT??
General Najiya: She dared to disrespect Azlah by playing with the sacred candles.
And that desire for the outlaw life? It's purged completely from his system.
Some wonderful news to share!
I wanted to worship Him.
In the miniseries’ second episode titled, “Manifest Destiny”, Thunder Heart Woman had seemed impervious to her white in-laws’ attitude toward her, during her immediate family’s short stay with her in-laws in Virginia. Even when faced with the disapproval of a German minister and fellow wagon immigrant called Preacher Hobbes (Derek de Lint), she remained impervious to his bigotry. At least according to her husband’s narrative. But this essay is not about Thunder Heart Woman. It is about one of the men in her life – the one love in her life, who managed to catch my attention. Namely one Jacob Wheeler (Matthew Settle and later John Terry).
We did something we haven’t done for I don’t know how many years — we went BOWLING!
The discussion outlined what the impact for business will be of the new data protection proposals. A revision of the 95 Data protection legislation was needed. He introduced the main elements of the new Data protection proposals. In future there will be 1 law that should bring legal certainty and overcome the current situation of fragmentation and barriers. Elements that should contribute are the limitation of burocracy, one-stop-shop, one single Data Protection Authority to deal with, use of binding corporate rules. The challenge will be to make the proposals work in practice. He welcomed any further input.
- September 1969 meets Swami Prahbhupada, head of Hare Krishna movement
There is pain hidden in every line,
The weather in Sydney has been atrocious. Someone has stolen our summer, ergo, the 30 Salads of Summer has been put on hold as we have been eating hearty stews and warming foods once more. It is seriously like winter here. We’re back with blankets, hot water bottles and heaters. It’s absolutely ridiculous. Whoever doesn’t believe in global warming can run in little wheels and generate our electricity.
By Jim Webb and Michael Mooney
Before shopping for him you should have picked your wedding date, time of day and location and your wedding dress. Just as your wedding gown's style will be dictated by the time of day and the venue or setting, so will the groom's.
We’ve all said it to others, and have had it said to us. Just as the person saying it to you doesn’t mean anything but kindness (most of the time) we don’t either, when we say it. But we never remember the sting it packs when you’re on the receiving end.
She looked like she could be sleeping, and like a child painting a moustache on his bestfriends face as he slept, they drew on her decaying canvas.
"You can use whatever is seasonal or your kids’ favorites," Comerford said. "Try taking your kids grocery shopping and letting them pick out any three veggies they want—they’ll be even more invested in the experience and may be open to trying new things.”
of a mystical
After a 30-year war, Eritrea gained its Independence from Ethiopia, and after announcing its own currency in 1997 another war broke
Being alive is having a heart beat and air in your lungs. Truly living is the capability of actually living a life while being alive. Truly living requires you to actually take action and DOING something with your life. Being alive is having an active heart beat but it doesn’t necessarily have to be fully functioning. You always hear people saying, ‘I want to live my life’. When I hear those words, the word LIVE stands out to me. I associate ‘live my life’ with control and determination. Making things happen and actually steering the car in the right direction.
Trades' unions. Their past, present and future
It is a relaxation.
For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, declares the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts. – Isaiah 55:8-9
The Hidden Blessing
1) When I buy a $4.00 pair of socks and the cashier asks me if I want to open a store card to save 10%. Really!? No thanks. I’ll suck it up and pay the forty cents.
The National Gallery continued with the purchase no doubt on the well known retail concept of "If you break it, you own it"
The following are synopses of the incidents:
You recall that to obtain his Roman citizenship, Lysius paid a great sum of money. In religious circles, this is known as simony, named after Simon. But such tactics are common in the world system. This was one of the springboards of the Lutheran reformation for men were buying ecclesiastical offices.
To make the ruffle, I cut a thin strip of crepe paper and ran a basting stitch along one edge. Then I pulled one thread to make it gather, kept pulling until I thought I had about the right length to go arouind the edge of the circle.
The image used on today's card is the Sunflower Garden rubber stamp by Great Impressions. My card base is Basic Black layered with PTI White then Marigold Morning embossed using the Swiss Dots Embossing Folder. The shadow layer is Basic Black and Bell Eyelet patterned paper. To embellish the card I added gingham ribbon and some black rhinestones.
#9 Go Nuts
My husband is an Engineer by profession. I love him for his steady nature and I love the warm feeling when I lean against his broad shoulders.
There are a few things that really, really bother me, though. Some about the boys themselves, but more about the adults involved in the game.
The entire elementary school staff — including teachers, the principal, teaching assistants and cafeteria workers — was removed over two pupil free days in early February after two teachers Mark Berndt and Martin Springer were arrested, in two separate cases, for lewd acts upon children.
We had cereal at school too. The school bought stale cereal from some outlet or other. I remember reading the "use-by" dates on the packets and it was always past the use-by date. What we got depended on what was available.
She added: “It is a really easy walk to school, the only complaint I have is that it is a bit muddy.”
Once the butter is completely incorporated, turn up the speed to medium and beat until the dough becomes sticky, soft, and somewhat shiny, another 15 minutes. It will take some time to come together. It will look shaggy and questionable at the start and then eventually it will turn smooth and silky. Turn the speed to medium-high and beat for about 1 minute. You should hear the dough make a slap-slap-slap sound as it hits the sides of the bowl. Test the dough by pulling at it; it should stretch a bit and have a little give. If it seems wet and loose and more like a batter than a dough, add a few tablespoons of flour and mix until it comes together. If it breaks off into pieces when you pull at it, continue to mix on medium speed for another 2 to 3 minutes, or until it develops more strength and stretches when you grab it. It is ready when you can gather it all together and pick it up in 1 piece.
I've noticed some youngsters using the phrase these days, That's sick.
And both he and the Alströms were citing high prices in the area already; they wanted relief. I felt their pain: I'm still wincing about paying $10 for a pint of Cain's bitter at Dandelion last month. But that made me think of something smart people say about the "underage drinking problem," both here and elsewhere in the world: we don't have an underage drinking problem, we have a drinking problem. You don't have a session beer pricing problem; you have a beer pricing problem. Which is what they've been saying for quite a while; the session beer cost issue is, like I said, just a hope for some kind of relief.
warnings that were everywhere.
March? March!
3. I have been fortunate that an opportunity presented itself to right the relationship between my husband, myself and the former spouse – AND I JUMPED AT IT. Yes, I had tried multiple times to be an adult, to make polite conversation, to extend the proverbial olive branch only to receive the cold shoulder or polite conversation that was used against me at a later point in time. While it frustrated me, made me feel like I was making things worse for my husband and his children and made me flat-out angry; the time did eventually come when the olive branch was accepted. Don’t give up. Some things take time (and maybe an act of God).
in yetzirah….the world of feeling/formation kabbalah teaches that each of us has a soul ‘root’ that extends back into and through Adam and Chava and up into the realm of G’d. dwell on how this root draws you into the time of Eden….and what can you draw back from the experience into your life today?
I know, I know, last week I said be vague, but I was talking about different things. When you are promising something, be vague so that they’re happy, but they don’t have any specific image to attach to. Be vague when you’re talking about you. Be specific when you are talking about them.
Alantica Dream
I was pretty impressed with my hemoglobin count. Wow. Last year it was at a high of 14.0, this year I’m not eating a lot of red meat, which is what they say is the best source of iron and for donating. Red meat is starting to disagree with me, so I’ve drastically cut it down. I think the only red meat I’ve had in the past few months was one hamburger this past Sunday. Still, I’m not saying that it’s the best thing to do; not even sure that it’s the best thing for me, but it is what it is.
Speaking as a consumer I think we are all wary of these tactics. The fact is that you are trying to sell us two of something that is really priced to make a 200% profit. We don’t even really want two of these things anyway.
In the Old Testament, Esau gives up his birthright to Jacob in exchange for a bowl of lentil soup. The Greek playwright Aristophanes called lentil soup the “sweetest of delicacies.” Lentils have been found in Egyptian tombs dating as far back as 2400 BC.
For me it is an easy choice. I choose to accept what God’s sent His Son for. It doesn’t cost me anything. He did it all. He paid the price. He took the mocking and the beating and He faced evil dead on so that I can fear no evil. He took the crown of thorns and the piercing in His side. He chose the most brutal way to be put to death for me. He overcame our ultimate enemy. (and He fulfills the prophecies of the Messiah)
Later,when reading the paper I came across this little story,it was so apt to what had passed earlier in the day,I just have to share it with you.
AIRY in Wonderland.jp
I lingered over my coffee on weekday,
Seeing his brother’s troubled heart and paleness, the king began to question him then and there, in the middle of everyone; unable to get the words of Nārada out of his mind.
Several other events are in the lineup for 2012:
Tom Riordan, Returning Officer for Leeds City Council, said:
Nov. 16: Ram’s Head Live, Baltimore, MD
"Duped? How so?"
The well publicized “Water For Elephants” landed in third. There was speculation the young “Twilight” fans would flock to see Robert Pattinson’s latest movie release. According to Box Office Mojo, 70 percent of the film’s primarily female audience was 25 or older, which suggests that all those women who read “Water for Elephants” in their book clubs may have been more interested in this film.
Our Broker and his family hosted a wonderful brunch at his home for all of us this morning. We gathered in their beautiful home and prayed together, sang a Christmas carol around the long table and enjoyed the most fabulous food! As we hugged one another before leaving, my heart swelled with emotion. This is one of the most enjoyable parts of Christmas - the time spent with friends, pausing to be with one another, fully focused on the joy to be found in the friendship. Each of us was given a beautiful LED ornament to take home for our tree - it constantly changes color - just so cute!!!
engulfing me
The Four Play has been a bit of a cult beer for us. It's always generated a fair deal of hype (much to my dismay) and sells out pretty quickly. Basically a barrel aged sour cherry version of the Four, it has what I think is a perfect balance of funk and fruit. This separates it greatly from the Fantasia or even more so from red fruit lambic-style beers which can be so forward that the grain-based beer gets completely buried. Well, I'm stoked to say that Upright is taking its most popular beer and retiring it. The Four Play, whose release coincides with the brewery anniversary, is being turned into a similar brew named after a colleague and friend, Ben Love of the upcoming Gigantic Brewing Company. The new beer, titled Blend Love, is essentially the Four Play but with barrel aged Six with raspberries mixed in. The inaugural release, blended earlier today, used 25% of the Six. It's an evolution of the Four Play, giving it added layers - more malt, more alcohol, deeper color, and more fruit (but still in check with the malt profile). I'm into it, and hope that you will be too! For those that loved the Four Play, don't be dismayed as the brewery is securing more space for barrel aging and is strongly considering producing a couple batches of Four Play annually to keep on tap year round at the tasting room, besides making several more new annual releases, but of course that's ripe for a future blog posting.
In a report from the Association of Teachers and Lecturers conference this year, teachers have reported that children have increased aggression and more violent as they are being left unsupervised by their parents to play inappropriate computer games.
Pizza Hut
What passion do you find in your life?
So why don't British brewers use this technique more? In 2007/2008 hop prices hit record levels & due to the amount of hops required for dry hopping it became cost prohibitive, in some cases it could have added 40% to the cost of producing a beer. Also in the UK brewers are much more financially constrained, for example duty on beer is ELEVEN times lower in the US not to mention their larger market, the price of fuel etc... Giving US brewers much more scope to just produce 'wow beer' regardless of cost, so in short UK economics & commodity prices directly affect the quality of British beer.
I found a few blogs that offered tips and tricks to setting up this type of booth. Tip Number One... put something in the middle to create an "aisle" for your customers to browse... CHECK.
-Additional Php200.00 for Transportation
By adding some ice to the blender you will give your smoothie a thick, milkshake like consistency.
Kathleen Turner – Prizzi’s Honor
When you hit the max level, or are in any fixed situation, you will still want to improve. You do this by optimizing everything. If there’s an item you have that adds 50 armor, and there’s another that is otherwise identical but with 55 armor, you will feel very strongly compelled to obtain the more powerful one. You’ll hunger for the sword that gives 200 damage over the one you have that gives 185.
I am overwhelmed by the comments and messages I have gotten about my hair lately! I didn't know I had that many followers who actually cared. Like I said in the last post, I am flattered.
And lose the name of action. - Soft you now!
Thanks for coming by and joining in on my excitement I will be sure to let you know of my experience and giveaway as soon as I get back!
What do you smell? Taste? Perhaps a low-pressure system is keeping the car exhaust from dissipating and it is so thick you can taste it. Or perhaps the smoke from wood burning stoves is choking you, and you can taste it in the back of your throat.
Within the complaint, which does not mention Apple, the Velvet Underground claimed that the design could not be copyrighted because Andy Warhol took the banana’s image from an advertisement that was on the public domain.
In 2009 we were still out at the farm. We were busy with the horses, celebrating Christmas with family, and Sverre was working over the holidays. It wasn't until the day of Christmas (the 25th, Norwegians count Christmas as starting on the 24th, or even 23rd...after three Christmases here the concept is still shaky for me) that we realized we hadn't set up a tree. The Christmas before there had been no space in our first apartment, and in this new house there was no excuse. We found an axe, dressed in our warmest clothes and took Max with us on a trek across the pastures and into the forests surrounding the farm.
Amanda Knox has hired a lawyer to help her land a book deal. It will be entitled: "OJ thanks for the tips."
difference between right from wrong and evil
I should probably put more limits on it because it is time consuming and I get absorbed by it all. But hey - tasks? What is this? Blogging Big Brother? Who says I have to do anything? I get given tasks by a boss who pays me money in exchange for my services, not by a social media phenomenon.
Feed the chain through the copper wire bail. We used a handmade "S" brass chain (with an "S" clasp) we made for another project, but you can substitute any chain-- just before to adjust the size bail you make for the chain you use.
Patterned Paper: Echo Park
Because you sting,
Cause for celebration in other words!
will my children love the things I love. I know my youngest and I share interests in certain things as well as my other daughter – I probably should set aside some things for my son – perhaps one day his wife will share my love for these cottage treasures.
Approximate costs of materials:
If you self published your book as an ebook/POD original, and it was a huge success online, would you still be interested in a traditional book publishing deal with a major publisher? From your perspective, what is that being published by a traditional print publisher offers you that being published as an e-book original/POD does not (for example, is it the advance, subsidiary rights sales, distribution, marketing, prestige, etc.)?
By Michelle Malkin
In my last post, I was ranting on about the use of the present tense in historical discourse. I was particularly critical of broadcasters, and here I go again. This time I'm on about gloves.
These sinners may culturally be heinous, but their sin is not more heinous than mine in the spiritual sense. I stole a button from Cloth World as a child. I hit my sister. I talked back to my mom. I struggled with lust… My sin didn’t result in the deflowering of a young woman… my sin didn’t destroy families… my sin didn’t shock a community… my sin didn’t result in the death of a child…but.. and perhaps i should say…BUT… my sin did result in the death of God through the death of Christ on the cross!!
Absolutely. Instant coffee mixed with tea ($2.70) is a Hong Kong favourite, or curl up with a cup of hot Ovaltine or Horlicks. Hot lemon Coke ($3) is worth ordering, a bubbling elixir of soft drink boiled with fresh lemons.
Run/walk 3 miles 3 times this week – 10
I am sat in a room with my mum and my mother in law. It's a totally surreal situation, but strangely I'm really enjoying it. We never ever do this. Me, my mum, my mother in law. It's lovely.
Even a six-year-old understands that anybody would gets skewered by this process, either had a spontaneous cure or otherwise the diagnose was completely wrong.
About an hour into the set, Steve Riley announced the beginning of the Dance Off. Seven couples confidently strutted onto the dance floor for the first round of the two round competition. Fans of the various duos were holding up signs pledging their support and the applause was deafening. The band started off with an old school waltz.
--- Alex
And forget about everything.
I also picked up some sweet Oakley sunglasses but they were not polarized. Too bad, because otherwise they were perfect. They didn’t slip off and they were comfortable. But the glare off cars and sidewalk really did me in and it was like I wasn’t wearing glasses at all. Back to the drawing board on that one!
Shiffman suggested a solution for the city’s loss in revenues: reinstituting the stock transfer tax, which New York City adopted in 1966 but phased out in 1978. Here’s an IBO report that offers several cautions, at least regarding the version as proposed in 2003. Here’s a more recent article making the case.
Welcome to stop #5 on the Stampin' Addicts Occasions Mini Blog Hop! This Blog Hop features 25 Stampin' Addicts members who are sharing their creativity with us. Each stop will feature products from the Occasions Mini Catalog that goes live January 5, 2011!
Last weekend, there was a message in my "comments" section of my blog waiting to be moderated and published. I read it, without even paying any attention to who it was written by. Confused by what the message said, I glanced again at who sent it....um..... imagine my surprise when I saw "coloradolady" sent it to me.
or loo kat my pages to find your state or county.
I’m still not sure if I’m going to follow through with a recent post that I wrote. I want my voice to be heard and my story told but in the end what I really want is the opportunity to meet my son. Every day lost is another day that I can’t get back. Yesterday the results of the paternity test finally came back. I knew the results would show a DNA match but there was something about hearing it over the phone. I feel as though a small victory was won yesterday. A victory for myself, the adoptive family, and of course my Son.
However, my mom did attempt to take a picture. And you can see how that turned out here:
It’s meant to be fun, so I hope you do a couple whenever you feel like practicing!
Here are a few examples of classic films employing the twists we’ve come to know and love.
A quick and easy way to gauge your intensity is based on how you feel. If it feels easy, no matter what you’re doing, it is. Even if the elliptical machine said you burnt 100 calories in 10 mins. If it was easy, you didn’t get the most out of it and it’s highly unlikely you really burnt that many calories.
Anyway, my laptop. My techno jewel that I spent $$$ on. Yes, that many $s. My HP Pavilion Entertainment darling! Keep in mind, I do not value material things to the point of loving them, but I do like my laptop alot. And I did think it was really childish and stupid for this person to trash something they DID NOT BUY, WILL NOT REPLACE because of anger. Selfish.
Nail Trims by Lisa - $5.00 per dog.Until 3:00PM
Bought some gum with a penny slug;
just impossible, and a fast fact-check on Google is fine by me.
District of Columbia – 49.0 percent, 52.2 percent
2) And my growing stock of DVD case covers (those plastic-cardboard things that house pirated DVDs). Since I’ve transferred their contents to the safer confines of a CD wallet, I just left the case covers gathering dust at the back of my closet.
But with so much separating them, can Riley and Ethan find their way back together one magical country Christmas?
In the case of Libya, South Africa surprised its critics by voting in favor of UN Security Council Resolutions 1970 and 1973; the latter permitted military action against to protect civilians Muammar Gaddafi’s regime. Zuma was harshly criticized by his African Union peers, as well as some within his administration and the ANC, for this vote. Zuma later backtracked, claiming that South Africa was misled into supporting a NATO-led, Western regime-change agenda. Afterward the Zuma administration failed to criticize the abusive actions of the Libyan regime, as the human rights situation in the country deteriorated. Since then the government of South Africa has used the Libya situation to explain its failure to support UN Security Council action on country situations such as Syria.
God blesses those who are persecuted because they live for God,
It is perhaps our present crazy world’s greatest irony that tomorrow, when the whole continent of Europe has not a single aircraft in the skies, except for patrolling military Tornadoes or light prop craft which can fly below radar, United States air traffic controllers will be overworked as they reroute planes so as not to provoke a chance encounter with the spacegoing shuttle on her way home.
I think I've managed to come out the other side of my artist's fever. I can actually get space from my brain now, time to think about other things in life and to make some note of what's been going on.
Good web development services can be a big factor in deciding your company or business growth. Your business might just comprise of a table and a chair or be far bigger, but expanding on the internet should be on the top of your business plan.
I hear gentle laughter from the walking lovers.
There was so much going on! Lots of different breeds and kids and people everywhere! Three different wagons (1 with miniature mules, 1 with a beautiful friesian and 1 with miniature horses) a miniature donkey, three miniature horses, racking horses speed racking up and down the road, a TWH galloping flat out up and down the road, etc. All of it added up to a good bit of activity and she did really great with it. The worst thinkg oddly was the clapping! After lets say, four or five rounds of it though she finally stopped popping her head up and realized it was not something to be concerned with. So funny!
God’s Grace allows us freedom from enslavement to sin. It is by His Grace we are saved but His Mercy is what becomes evident in our life. Mercy is evidence of God’s Divine Favor and Blessing. God accepted the Sacrifice of Jesus Christ to satisfy our sin debt. Nothing else is required. Therefore, you are now free to enter the Presence of God through righteousness. God’s Mercy no longer is needed to protect you from His Judgment as in the Old Testament but allows you the freedom to choose. It would seem there is an obvious choice, but sin is quite deceptive and catches many unaware. Before salvation is discovered, God’s Mercy allows time to find the Light of His Amazing Love – Jesus. But once you have accepted Jesus Christ, look out. Now God can release all of His Favor and Blessing that He has reserved just for you. God’s Mercy has changed for you the believer into indulgence and extravagance which was His Intention all along.
The confusion and concern ended with the opening of heavy black velvet curtain parted revealing two inhuman creatures. A face as pale death but cheeks flushed blood red, lips ten times that of a man drawn into a sinister smile and with eyes that belong on horses the two creatures tumbled clumsily into the ring. Their appearances s strange and intent unclear, they brought forth squeals from the lips of those whom many forgot were there. They advanced quickly for the sides of the ring where the onlookers sheltered, building tension and bring a very uneasy feeling . They all cowered; sitting and waiting the moment of impact, like the shot of a starting gun the anticipation grew..
The further North you go you get a fair amount of heckling. For the most part heckling is good fun, y’know. When it’s good fun and we get involved with it it’s a good part of going up North.
Michael is concerned that his departure will leave a literary void. “The library is closing for three months too. The village won’t have an obvious book outlet for the festival. It will be a bit odd.”
Anyway, the application was flawless, I used two coats and a top coat. Kiko is definetly becoming one of my all time favourite brands, for the quality of their products and the nice colour selection!
- an anti Semite with Royalist tendencies
For a man who famously cherishes his privacy, today must have been an intensely uncomfortable experience for Paddy McKillen as he took to the witness stand in London’s High Court. Here’s what happened.
-- from American Cookery by Amelia Simmons, 1814. Rare Books Exhibit from the Richard L. D. & Marjorie J. Morse Dept. of Special Collections, Kansas State University Libraries.
Speaking of this story, perhaps Alma once said:
Met up last night at the Baranof in Greenwood to try out his new rules-light fantasy/cyberpunk game (mysterious codename "CDF").
That’s quite a legacy when you come to think about it.
514100 Information services (including news syndicates, libraries, & on-line information services)
Do your kids play video games? It has become a regular thing for my son, and it's to the point where I'm going to have start putting limits on how much time is spent playing. We have already put restrictions on video games that are rated M, and some of the teen games. M rated games are not allowed, and the teen games we check them out first and decide which ones are ok and which are not.
Director of Technical Quality, GRS Group Bill Tryon is Technical Director for Global Realty Services Group, where he is responsible for due diligence standards for environmental, property condition and seismic due diligence as well as construction monitoring. During his thirty years in the industry, Bill has developed risk management policies and procedures for one of the world’s real estate lenders and has participated with governmental agencies to refine policies and requirements. Bill first became involved in environmental due diligence in 1988, before the creation of current industry standards. As Chief of Construction and Environmental Services for a major real estate lender, he developed independent standards for the completion an evaluation of environmental assessment activities. In the mid-90’s he became a founding member of the Environmental Bankers Association. As committee chair for various committees, he worked to assure an in-depth understanding of environmental issues across the membership. More recently, he has consulted with the Small Business Administration and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency regarding environmental policies, participated in the Environmental Protection Agency’s development of standards governing “all appropriate inquiry” and presented various topics at EPA Brownfield and other industry forums. During his involvement with the early development of due diligence standards to support early CMBS lending programs, Bill worked to refine broad industry standards to produce scopes of work more specific to lending risks, resulting in price reductions of nearly 40%. Additional cost reductions were realized by implementation of a “small loan” assessment. Bill’s ability to cut the fat away from standardized industry products helped control risks while reducing costs and creating a competitive advantage. In 1989, after California’s Loma Prieta earthquake, Bill became involved in the evaluation of earthquake risks associated with owned properties as well as the loan portfolio of a major real estate lender. Since no standardized approach to the evaluation of such portfolios existed at that time, he was forced to become familiar with the principles of earthquake risk assessment in order to develop appropriate corporate policies. As the market expanded, he extended his approach to portfolio analysis to include the evaluation of CMBS loans. It quickly became apparent that the industry and even many of the consultants involved in the analysis earthquake risks had a limited understanding of the variables which can significantly impact the conclusions of such studies. Bill adopted and defended criteria appropriate to a portfolio-level evaluation of risks which was eventually validated by ASTM International standards published in 2007.
~Mark Nepo
According to the company’s catalog, David Landreth migrated from England to Canada, then to Pennsylvania. On January 7, 1784, he began his first garden center on High Street, Philadelphia (now 1210 Market St.), at first selling seed to the City of Philadelphia and nearby “estates,” and eventually counted George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Joseph Bonaparte among his clientele. In 1798 he introduced the zinnia from Mexico to the United States, in 1811 he introduced the first truly white potato, and in 1820 he introduced the tomato.
Are you a Scottish/north of England-based crafter who has felt just the teeniest bit jealous of the fabulous London blogger meet ups? Do you want to meet some like-minded knitters or seamstresses? Are you crafter looking for a reason to visit Edinburgh? Well, the Crafter's Ceilidh is for you!
It is being reported that this Sandra Fluke is not a starry eyed coed who became incensed that "contraception" was not included in Georgetown's insurance policy. It is reported that she is a 30 year old hard core activist who went to Georgetown expressively to go to war on the contraception issue. Kind of a plant as it were. Whether accurate or not......hard to say. At any rate this would not surprise me much.
leafy greens to the meal.
At 2.35pm, Anwar took to the stage in Masjid India. He echoed Ambiga’s declaration of success and spiced it with a “we want elections to be clean. Malays, Chinese and Indians today all want the dirty government to end”.
Chuck Howard – Guitar
Oct. 8 New York, NY Knitting Factory
Cubans in Miami Condemn Terrorist Actions
Although we are now old fogies, Mrs. Random and I both own cell phones (mobile phones). However, mobile phones don’t work on our five acres. They don’t work because there are not enough cell phone towers on our part of the island. There are not enough cell phone towers because people who want to preserve nature would rather look at hills covered with fir trees than at cell phone towers. The cell phone companies build towers to look like hills, but the preservationistd are not happy with imitation hills.
And then there's me. Zombie Mommy. No amount of caffeine makes up for the lack of sleep. No amount of hot showering can relieve the stress I carry in my shoulders from tensely waiting to see what would happen in the wee hours of the worst of it. I'm exhausted, and barely tolerating a massive headache between my temples. Chris is gone, and it's just Kevin and me. I'm barely able to tackle the breakfast cleanup, and Ryan will be home soon. And I'll have to be "on" again.
'I am ashamed of myself, because this crack in my side causes water to leak out all the way back to your house.'
Ms Fulton’s lawyer, Ms Major Morris, told the Associated Press that the money that will be gathered from the trademark will go to ‘projects that will assist other families who experience similar tragedies’.
For the most part, we have specialized in doing the exact opposite. We talk about smoothing the path to God, and removing obstacles to faith. Every time I question the validity of a “soft touch” public ministry, I’m assured they have a solid discipleship program on the back end. But that strikes me as backwards. “Hey, come to church and you’ll have a better family. OK, now that you’re here, you have to die to yourself.”
The scrimmage brought a new energy for a team which suffered through a losing season last year after scandal which cost the team Jim Tressel and various seniors from a BCS team.
The stars in their beauty cannot compare
11 Roggae
Onions, 1 pc, cut into slices
I'd feel slightly better if they weren't doing it entirely to take the heat off themselves - Brown is as responsible for the crisis as the 'Greedy Bankers'; he knew that the boom wasn't forever and what goes up must come down, but he was spending money and giving away assets like it was going out of fashion.
This is my yellow t-shirt (and please ignore that my boobs are totally flattened and squished into my sports bra; very flattering, ha ha!) and my grey pencil skirt. I've hiked the skirt up a bit and then cinched it at the waist with my leather belt.
In the process of preparing for unforeseen or emergency situations, it’s important to think about your needs and priorities, so you can plan to meet the most important needs first. Your list of priorities might be something like mine (outlined below)—but your individual or family needs will vary, so this is just an example to get you started. I’ve thought a little bit about this over the past couple of weeks, and I determined that my current priorities fall in this order:
He strode, as on a quest,
Okay, prepare for a bit of soapbox-ing.
definitely calling this a sketch. It's a start but Jacira is much
The second problem is that this is a very tactical program, replace soda usage with water usage. There is no overarching strategic plan in this country or anywhere else regarding obesity, just a bunch of unproven, scattered, non-strategic, and disconnected programs like this one. Without an overall, coherent strategy, taxpayer dollars just get wasted for very little in return.
New rules of finding complementary talents taps vaster resources as well as vaster audiences. Shared interests motivate people over geographic location—the cross-cultural interchanges are enriching.
Your plan will depend on your personal situation. Considerations should include:
I’m not suggesting we all throw caution to the wind and not save for retirement. I believe there is a great importance in stewardship and finishing well. Everyone who wants to stop working a regular day job should absolutely have a plan in place to do so.
Too much information?
It was strange to wake up this morning knowing that our own birthday boy is 3 hours away at college. We've always made a big deal about birthdays in our house, and the day feels deflated without Jesse here. No cake, no presents, no delicious birthday meal. Just a quiet evening of algebra, chatting with friends, eating pretzels, checking emails.
Lucky bastard Rob from Hopzine.com is in Rome, from where he posts this little video snippet. It's a great little snippet in lots of ways - on one hand, he's largeing it on holiday, and so he's already having a laugh at our expense. It's also great because he's responding with a video to something that he's read a few moments ago on Twitter - this conversation about saisons. We'll gloss over the fact that Baladin Nora isn't actually a saison - it's a spiced ale - the point is that Rob saw an opportunity and grabbed it with two hands, even though one was holding a brimming TeKu glass.
but today! aaaah today. the second bus didn't come inside the bus station as usual. it stopped (for about 2 seconds) on the street to the side of the station, and left before me and a few other people in the station could even realize it had arrived. so! i would have to wait one more full hour for the next bus, bringing my total commute time to 3 1/2 hours. one way.
Geek-out over.
Can you relate to this? Have you even experienced something similar?
My stories of my few days of contrasts will continue once I have swallowed some headache pills. Temper always does that to me.
Shorts: Basic Short Jeans- ::Michi YuU: – (Kawaii Fair)
So here, my friend, is to the bullet casings on your floor,
10% to 5000 copies
You ask if I'm almost all the way in, and when I whisper "yes", you say, "then fuck me."
I want to cry for him, the fact that his friends make fun of him for smelling or for being a baby. When I took him into the preschool he is in I walked in and said "Hi I am looking for a place for my almost 4 year old son" She said No problem we have room. And I literally cried and said "One thing though, he's not potty trained" and she said "No problem" and I cried harder.
The fee for the Optimise Home consultation service is €750 plus VAT. Should clients wish to engage us to do any further architectural, project management or interior design work the cost for the €750 will be deducted from the total fee for the additional work. Details of teh service and examples of all of our work can be found on our website.
As children.
I don't mind a screen taking up a specific area of a pub if there is something important on (and there was I admit) but the screen is situated in the middle of the pub. As soon as the coverage started the whole pub became a sea of gawping and gasping and groaning - the pub practically became the fixture. I don't get that at all.
Self-expression is your keynote. The sparkle and effervescence you generate wherever you go bolsters the morale of anyone feeling a bit low. This, plus the fact that you’re very sociable and entertaining to be around, helps you to win friends quite easily. With the exception of the rare individual who doesn’t understand you, or perhaps feels envy, most people enjoy your company and treasure your friendship. You do realize that life isn’t all fun and games; and though you enjoy them as much as anyone, you see things clearly and don’t waste time or energy on the unreal or ridiculous.
Every person chooses the way of being with horses that works for them. And, to be honest, a good horseperson is a good horseperson and can be found in traditional, BHS, Classical, Natural, english, eventing, hacking, dressage — you get the point.
Song: “Our Way to Fall” Yo La Tengo
Disease of the Arteries and Veins
For the last 12 years I have been working on divesting myself of all my material possessions. I don't have a real problem with that concept.
Bad news for St Dennis and bad news for Cornwall.
For all of these tags, I cut some leaf shapes out of the Stretch Your Imagination Cricut cartridge in varying sizes, from white cardstock. My favorite is Neenah, it is great for stamping, inking, and Copics, all of that. Using the same technique, I inked and sprayed them and added a few pearls and ribbons. All done :)
HENDERSON
Essentially, though, each New Year brings with it the overwhelming potential of the next twelve months. Who knows what fortunes and blessings lie ahead for us? Who can tell us what challenges we will have to meet with courage? What clue can we get about the births, deaths and marriages that lie ahead in 2012? And the answer, both exciting and terrifying, is that it is a mystery, revealed only in the mind of God.
I must be the stiffest-legged student she's ever had. But I want to learn. Yesterday, I could do the Sevillana, with arms! Because following the steps (wearing 3 inches-heels) is one thing, and doing the arm movements is quite another.
Damien Hirst doesn't need much explanation. Anyone with a power saw, a herd of cattle and set of oversized tanks of formaldehyde would do the same, surely?
This definition really should have appeared to me at the till (in a cartoon speech bubble; or to the strains of Weird Al Yankovich’s ‘White & Nerdy’) before having purchased said tourist tote for a recent family holiday. The fact is I never saw it coming. With Hermes, Pucci, Diane von Furstenberg and Jaeger all showcasing the formerly reviled receptacle on the s/s 11 catwalks, I too felt I could work the hands-free look.
Post Modern Friday nights has some of the best DJ’s in the city and they’ll be playing the best mixes of Hip Hop, Old School, Reggae and R&B.
No matter if it’s breast, bottle, seaweed snack, or froot snack. Deep breaths. And grace.
This is a good time for renewal, a good time to step aside from the all the entertainment, especially in the Church, and, in preparation, receive the Lord's mercy in the midst of His temple.
A Carol Christmas ... Hallmark Channel ... 4 AM
How do you put a price on love?
Today, in honour of the YA Mafia - a topic which has been alternately amusing and infuriating writers, agents and publishers all over Twitter (read about it here and here) - and by popular request, I bring you INSECURITY: I HAZ IT, a post written after dragging myself out of a nasty depression and realising that in actual fact? The world was NOT out to get me (shocking, I know).
Speaking of dummies...
Creativity is like that magic trick. For the first time we can see the source of imagination, that massive network of electrical cells that lets us constantly form new connections between old ideas. However, this new knowledge only makes the act itself more astonishing.
Features an Auction House, bank, and a central questing hub.
It's funny to think that only five years ago there was literally no way for Americans to taste whiskey from LDI. Now it seems that a week doesn't go by without a new release of LDI whiskey.
During the past two weeks, I’ve discuss ways to save money the wedding dress, venue, reception, invitations, etc. Today, I’ll discuss ways to save money on photography, cake, and officiant.
- Rosie
If you are looking for an online store that offers Saucony shoes, you can visit ZBSports.com. They have the latest designs of Saucony shoes and you can save more because they offer discounts on selected items. Once you’ve tried these Saucony shoes, I bet you’ll likely to buy another pair. With Saucony shoes, you are guaranteed to very comfortable, perform well and work longer.
or something could be brought in for the entire staff
For the next week I will accept starter prompts for each letter, using the photos in this post for your inspiration. Post your story starter prompt in the comments here, listing the letter of the alphabet you are using. Please try to keep the prompt to ten words or less.
Also, I didn't make it on the Stampavie DT, "wahhhh", I'll sulk for a few days... :( I also decide to step down from the Sugar Nellie DT for now. Karen has been a wonderful boss, and I will miss her generosity, who knows, someday we'll meet again! THANK YOU KAREN!!!
Apparently she fell victim to her blender, but it wasn’t anything too serious.
No one is meant to do that – either -
I believe the Lord has laid a few things on my heart today (with your help) that have been of great comfort and encouragement to me. One of the things that was on my mind was “The Judgment Seat of Christ”, the “day” of judgment. This came to my mind when you mentioned the verses in Matthew below. I am sure that when it comes to this subject you probably know a lot more than I do, and there is probably a whole lot of scripture that speaks about it. However, I wanted to look at that passage from Matthew as well as another passage. Here they are :
8. Spazz - Sir Wax Alot
knowing that thy living touch
a few new gray hairs. Good thing blond hides gray!
It's not a job I'm looking forward too, but at least I'm not fully prepared to tackle it. Having the packing list might be adding a little more to the job, but when it comes time to unpack, I know I'm going to be glad I have it. It's something I mean to do every time we move, and never get around too. Then we get moved-in and start unpacking, and no matter how carefully the boxes are labeled, we always end up having to open two or three to find one item! This way, I can just check the list and find the box! Here's what I did:
I wouldn’t ever want to hurt them, but sometimes I wish I was the kind of person who would just do it upfront and not really care. But then again, that I don’t do cruel things like that is just about the only salvageable aspect of my personality, so I wouldn’t actually do it even if I could.
I am so overwhelmed right now. Too much stuff to do, people to please, kids to save, quizzes to write, lessons to plan, research to do, plays to direct, papers to grade, etc.
the smile of relief on her face . . . just melted my heart.
If God is the instigator, the propagator of evolution, then Colossians 1:16 has not been altered and Romans 1:25 no longer applies to this situation. And just as an aside, Darwin, though he was given the credit for the 'discovery' was not the only or even the first to put evolution into words. He was just the first to publish on the topic. In fact, he had refrained from publishing on it for many many years because as a Christian he knew the sort of backlash it was going to receive.
Nigel leaned over to Rayna, after his Dad stepped away. “Babe, I’ll be back before you know it, so don’t you go anywhere.” He pecked her on the cheek.
-not a fan of the mall (huge fan of muscle cars)
“I thought we decided not to take her,” she said.
We’ve reached the halfway point of our work week, folks! It’s all downhill from here, but don’t let that stop you from reaching your goals! Finish strong!
Kindled blankets combusted under flame-lit light
I just don’t know what I am going to do with my time when it’s all over. Well, I know I need to work because I will have bills to pay and whatnot with me all moving out and shit. I just mean on those nights where the Niner Times would consume my life. What will take the place of that now? I guess I can just wait and see.
I'll be honest. It's not automatic for me to see the DELIGHT in life. I've often imagined that great, blissful happiness would come with the big picture 'wins' - success, love, etc...whatever those things mean.
Losing my hair, getting sick, almost losing everything.
One of the ways I serve the lwa and the goddess is through my artwork. For a recent show, I tried my hand at creating busts instead of my usual full body pieces. I am pleased with the results, and apparently others were too, as all three of these pieces sold within a few days. I’ve sculpted both Sekhmet and Papa Ghede before, but this was my first portrayal of Maman Brigitte. Anne sold four of her paintings during the art show reception, which was very cool as she has not shown her work for a while.
This statement is made in reaction to Boo’s motion to the state’s legislative assembly seating to request for a debate on toll charges during the assembly which begins on March 15.
And I can assure all cultural nationalists that Leanne's love and support of our culture is genuine and heartfelt.
Epilogue: Somewhere in my late 20s, I finally figured out that the boogie man is not out to get me. I love horror movies now, and I love watching horror movies on Friday the 13th, especially when the next day is Valentine’s Day.
see the reactions. I think I feel more for Farrah than Jacko. She really
Also, in the interest of saving a few bucks, I'll not be printing the programs as in the past. However, I wrote it just like before, and you can download the .pdf and print it at home or work here: http://www.newalbanian.com/download-file-25.html
On April 20, 2010, the oil rig Deepwater Horizon exploded, resulting in a severe oil spill from the ruptured well. BP, which had employed Deepwater Horizon to drill on its Macondo Prospect, immediately began to work with the a range of U.S. federal government agencies and assets to try to reduce the flow of oil into the Gulf, figure out what happened, and try to assess blame and responsibility for the large oil spill. There were a lot of moving and complicated aspects of the US government tied up in this effort, and to coordinate them and make sure that they were used properly at some point the President of the United States should have talked with top level decision makers in BP, including its CEO Tony Hayward.
minds in Washington DC by which I mean
Afterward in my motor driving back to mine he said in his foreign accent, - She os fockin ruff, Donny Pongo!
PS Special thanks this month to
Unwittingly, the tradition will provide an added benefit (hence the reason the new found tradition starts at the perfect time in our household): it will help the girlies to better control themselves. Just a gentle reminder that the "elf is watching," for errant behavior to be modified.
It became stronger each day,
That’s what I was going to call this post: Why the hell would anybody want to be free?
Next I stamped the border in Memento Rose Bud and cut it out into a ring using Large Circle Nestabilities and popped it up on X-press It Foam Tape. I matted this panel with Regal Rose cut with the matching scallop circle nestabilities. Finally I added a pearl flourish to the side, a pink bow topped with button and twine and white pearls to the corners.
I de-activated my Facebook account. It was a rather arduous process with several questions to answer and even a last-minute emotional, blackmail attempt by Facebook: They put up pictures of some of your friends saying that these people will miss you.
Call us today to begin your Disney Cruise Line reservation!
In other words, in the situations detailed in the book, virtually anyone reading this post right now who is a gun-owner, and especially a CHL holder, can see themselves in this book.
Chris and Ann headed down the hall to his child’s room and eased the door open. The light was now as if the sun itself had rolled into the bedroom. Chris wasn’t certain, but he thought he saw a little boy waiting in there for him.
(1cup almonds, 2 cups water)
Authorities determined the jugs of water were poisoned because the school�s main water tank was clean. Women only starting returned to schools in Afghan after the Taliban was toppled in 2001. The Taliban, five years earlier, had outlawed education for women as against Islamic law.”
Wake-up Wednesday is a series to help bring preparedness efforts to practical reality.
He arrived just in time to see the last human get her throat ripped out. He didn't even fire a shot. Simply found the nearest fire escape and climbed as high as he could, entered a 15th-story apartment window, and hid in a refrigerator until morning.
Scrawl down for more inspiration and to join in Bizzy Bec's March Store blog Challenge.
I found the werewolves particularly enjoyable to read about, and was very taken with Adam and his relationship with the feisty mechanic. I will certainly be reading more of the series and hope that Stefan the vampire makes another appearance! A really enjoyable book.
I renewed my sewing mojo when I went on a weekend quilting retreat back in April. I took a Santa kit, to work on, that I have had in the wings since... the beginning of time more or less.
The ship is equipped with a shield generator and radar dish on the top two hardpoints. Two railguns down the sides, both connected to the ship via hardpoints, and 4 thrusters.
Joey was born in April of 1951 and we share the same birth parents ~ a rarity in our family. Being 5 yrs older than me and having a divorced working mom, she was my primary caregiver. I'm sure it was a pain for her to have to have me tagging along with her where ever she went but eventually we became great friends.
“Not if I can help it so what'tya say, can you be brave for just a few more minutes?”
cling sentiment stamp: Taylored Expressions
One of my obsessions is layering acrylics on different surfaces, writing onto the surfaces, painting more, writing more…. And then turning them into something cool. I have been making wallets, art journals, and decorative pillows from fused plastic bags, using this layering method.
There is, however, another type of candidate – the seasoned, grass root politicians. These are the people who join the party as students or in their youth, at the community or neighbourhood level. They participate in various campaigns and activities, and earn the community’s recognition and trust.
John Halsey: Percussion, Vocals
And then there is behaviors that can't really be controlled or taught or cured with a "ban" on children. Because children are just that - children. Sometimes they are just going to be loud, cry or so happy that they can't contain themselves. In my opinion, it just needs to be accepted as part of life. We accept everyone else's quirks - how about we give kids a break sometimes too and stop expecting them to be 100% perfect 100% of the time.
“That was amazing, Pops. I don’t know how you handled that woman for that long.”
It was getting late, so Emily said goodbye to Mr. Whitcombe and went inside.
1 package of taco seasoning mix or Taco Seasoning Blend below
She struggled with the locks her hands slicked with sweat, and body fluids, her heart beating against her ribcage like a sledgehammer. He came around the corner just as she wrenched the door open. She looked back as she hurried to escape. His left eye was gone replaced by a bloody hole. His face covered in blood and fluid. He came at her in a fury, his mouth turned up in a horrific snarl. She stumbled down the stairs running in a blind panic to escape. He caught up to her quickly, grabbing her from behind. She kicked wildly trying to break free as he dragged her to the hole.
Mrs V stops by for coffee; her life is extremely busy and she rushes in and then rushes out again so that our conversation is held at speed which means I have to cram in all my interesting news into a few minutes. Fortunately, this isn’t difficult.
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority’s (HKMA’s) voluminous guidelines put the onus on banks and other financial institutions and their professional employees to ensure that companies follow legal guidelines on deposits.
(Every time I hear that "homeland" bullshit I keep tending to break out into
But, Coorg is not the only place in Karnataka demanding a separate state. Another prosperous and integral part of the state has been vying for separate statehood.
Kenny rubbed the bridge of his nose. “You were stopped for speeding. Now, you’re charged with being an active participant in the Clark Imports incident. Where were you that night?”
This “holy excise tax” is designed to 1) disincentivize our demand for unneeded cheap consumer goods and services (mostly bought from companies that grow profit for investors by hiding real costs); and 2) raise revenue to give to organizations that care for our most vulnerable neighbors.
The proper goal of a story is not to judge what is right and what is wrong, what is good and what is evil. More important is for us to determine whether, inside us, the variable elements and the traditional elements are moving forward in harmony with each other, to determine whether individual stories and the communal stories inside us are joined at the root.
Speaking of Castaway, I really liked that movie. May have to see it again.
Well, at the end of last year an application was made to Brighton & Hove council to register the north end of The Level as a town green. Thanks in no small part to the dogged and determined efforts of Julia Davis and Henrietta Dombey, who, when others had dropped by the wayside and lost heart, took up the challenge and, with support and advice from the Open Spaces Society, submitted an application to the Registration Officer on 21 December 2011.
The King of Norway has now instilled a new head of the PST after the last caretaker made the last ‘official claim’ of Breivik the “solo terrorist” linked to no one in the media, even though the police were still interrogating Breivik.
and held together
I am letting Marc and Liz wait on me hand and foot and being lazy.
Finish up with doing the same on your other hand!
With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,
Burlington:
The French just love talking in circles. Around and around and around. And they’re so passionate and cerebral, they just keep going—around and around and around.
Each year, I know a little more and buy a little more to be better prepared and this year I went all out. My tent was all sorts of tricked out and with my brother-in-law's skills at rigging a tarp, our camp was just about as good as a camp could be.
Soli Deo Gloria.
alongbine: Then why do they keep saying: “Scratch your balls, they’re itchy!”
He chuckled and thanked me, patting my shoulder again, and he then turned to shake Steve's hand, and likewise slipped another joint to him. My mind was reeling as we stepped back outside into the clearing, and got into Steve's car. Levon and Joe waved to us as we drove away. The ride back to New York, where Steve was set to meet a girlfriend of his, was filled with promising talk. But, for me, the experience was over.
Pentecostal Spirits sing songs awakening god within,
"Not I," purred the sleepy cat.
I'm debating what color to paint the Windsor chairs.
first food I thought of when I thought the Hunger Games.
I’m a firm believer in using these things rather than having them on the shelf, so I took one out with me on the first sunny Sunday that came along.
So unless I can find another solution that costs less than a cable bill and is available at the drop of a hat, I will continue to employ my television as honorary babysitter… although I still vow to prevent it from entering their rooms.
1 consumed
04. The Torture Never Stops
Xia will be released on May 4 and has already begun taking preorders online.
Mr. Harvey Kurtzman "suggested that comic books should be improved and made educational". Kurtzman was one of the very few true geniuses of the industry, creating some of the cultural high points of the medium as MAD COMICS and TWO-FISTED TALES. What's interesting is the fact that at the time of this symposium (March 19, 1948), Kurtzman was mainly freelancing at Timely, producing his Hey Look! filler and trying to find his artistic footing in the industry. How he came to be associated with this symposium is unknown to me.
I think (hope) you get the point.
Critic’s Score: 9.2
Mandy Slater – News Front Page #1
P.S. I've written a bunch of posts for next week that I hope you enjoy.
haha.
Fourth time through:
I say that but I wonder if it is true. If I had received counseling I might not be writing this blog now. I’ll never know.
Then, Marcus falls ill, he's been in the lower recesses of the castle, helping the sick and poor. Arianna needs a healer, but healers answer to the Elders. She'll need Tardon's help if she's going to save her brother. But, at what cost? Her love for Tardon grows, but when it's Arianna who is stricken, it's all Tardon can do to keep himself from her. But, there love will only denied for so long. Will their love cost both of them their lives?
All the bolding is mine — I do that for things I want to remember.
The Editorial for this issue, 'Property! What property?', takes a look at the relationship between aspirational branding and urban looting. You can read it in full here:
Well, I am not going to waste any time giving an explanation for these so-called "Anonymous" comments that I have received today... All of us do have better things to do. But I just would like to tell this anonymous person who spends an enormous time trying to correct our spelling mistakes and telling us how to cook!
Don’t be a bully….Beastaralliance.org.
When the two concepts of heroism are confused or swapped, we are finished. But fortunately, some people still recognise the truth; this is the story of Yaakov Wolf, a 20 year old British Jew from London.
Freckles: *League* Jen Freckles -Medium (Tattoo Layer)
The Way I Feel Tonight
She said of the Orange shortlisting: 'It’s a lovely validation and a great fillip for the book. Publishing is very nervous at the moment; literary fiction is on the back foot and anything that stirs the mix again and gets books out there into the public arena is good by me.' Hear hear.
Below one student shares her opinion about why people should read Dan Yaccarino's books. Notice in her drawing she shows him thinking about pictures and that the Jacques Costeau book rests on the table.
A flower is a leafy diagram of many rivers in the myriad mind-wells of the time-gap
Chipboard Alphabet (sorry can't remember who's)
All my friends over at MySpace, Facebook and Twitter.
Keep Layering and blurring as before until you are happy with the effect. If you make a mistake you can always hit the "un-do" arrow (it curves backwards). This button takes you back one step at a time.
the moment you were released
Insouciance Rouge Allure Extrait de Gloss is a brown-beige shade with shimmer. You can see the above picture of the gold and pink shimmers in bright sunlight. It's certainly a nice nude color.
Please please please, for me, give The Cape a chance. Catch up on the measly 10 episodes, let go and have fun, and spread the word: give it an ending!
The recipe is the same as the Methi dal. The only difference is, I used to avoid the tomatoes in this spinach dal. And I never cover the pan while cooking.
As you can see, Dr. DeOrnellas has helped me to understand quite a bit about autism.
Fresca means "cool" or "fresh" in Spanish, the official language of Mexico. The food served here is classic Mexican, specialising in botanas i.e. small plates which are great for sharing. At the moment, they are having a Buy 1 Free 1 promo on their Electric Blue Margarita (RM39 for grande).
I was finally able to get to the fabric store this past weekend, and I picked up a zipper for the Burda dress, so now I have two active projects going. Hopefully I will have at least one finished project very soon. It's been awhile since I've had one of those, and I've almost forgotten what it feels like!
WOOFWOOFWOOFWOOFWOOFWOOFWOOFWOOFWOOF...etc!
Alright how about some breakfast for dinner?
The event features the best in NYC bridal: Ron Ben-Israel Cakes, Naturally Delicious, Jarrell Entertainment, Kleinfeld Bridal, Mark Ingram Bridal Atelier, Judy Paulen Designs and more!
for now, there is not song that could
Know any place to get these cheap, used?? or to borrow or rent them??
Wowzer! Once again, it has been a long while. Nonetheless, I thought I would give a bit of an update.
The ice cracked
Okay, let's post and see how this looks.
Victoria knows who kidnapped her, she recognizes his voice but she is not terrified. She is furious. His kiss kept her up nights and now her she is again but on his terms. Victoria was kidnapped by Prince Saber who is inline for king in his country.
Ms Sassy got the dessert I would have normally gone for - La Panna Cotta ($10) vanilla panna cotta, strawberry, rhubarb, basil cake, sunflower seeds. The presentation was fantastic, and this was the only plate in our meal that drew audible gasps (besides the truffle risotto, of course) when it arrived. The humble vanilla panna cotta is served in a boat shaped dish with beautiful blooms of colors and textures - red from strawberries and raspberries, blackberries, green from hand torn pieces of basil sponge cake, and crunchy fried squares studded with sunflower seeds. This tasted as good as it looked - the panna cotta smooth and creamy underneath it all. This is a dessert that alone would draw us back to Drago Centro, even without another group buy deal.
Get to know Penny a little bit:
Etch it into my being.
defense that frequently stunts or uses games up front; he offers the quickness and nimble feet to slant down the line in the run game.
I really could end this post at that. That's really all you need to say. However, that's really hard to do when you're fired up and emotionally wounded. So, here are a few steps to help you get to that point:
Today, when many people think laptop, they think “wireless”. No doubt people want to make sure that their laptop computer will be able to access the Internet with a wireless connection. Many try to account for this by ensuring that their laptop has potential upgrade options, such as room for an expandable PC card or a USB port. However, since so many laptop users are looking for wireless connections, many of today’s laptops come pre-wired for wireless Internet. All you need to do is activate your wireless Internet service, and your laptop will take it from there. So depending on your needs, choose your laptop whether it is capable of expanding or if it is already configured for wireless Internet.
Luckily I had my bag and the baby’s bag semi packed so we loaded everything into the car, including the dog, who was very confused as to what we were doing at 2:30am. Of course it was snowing and the visibility wasn’t the greatest. At this point I wasn’t that uncomfortable, but as the drive continued I started to cramp and feel the contractions - they were about every 3-4 minutes. Off course, this is the time Brian decides to drive cautiously to the hospital, where as I was thinking - hurry up! Not that I was going to deliver in the car, but I wanted to be there so I knew the baby was okay.
So my alchemist mixes her up a batch of Potion of Treasure Finding and off she goes to decimate the crocolisk population of Uldum. If I have to grind leather I like crocolisks because of this:
- Amazingly, the Great Novelette of the 21st Century is still going strong with over 50,000 words now committed to paper;
Originally called the House of Primates, the quirky Beaux-Arts structure by Heins & La Farge was finished in 1901, making it the oldest landmark in the park. (The Reptile House, which opened in 1899, is not landmarked, presumably because most of the building has been replaced.) The zoo once kept all its apes, baboons and monkeys here, including Baldy the Chip (at top), amateur roller skater and acquaintance of President William Howard Taft. Today, you can still find baboon adornments atop the entrance, made by famed animal sculptor Alexander P. Proctor.
What I’m getting at here is that during one of these wrestling matches a couple years ago, I informed God that I was sick of my life. My exact words were something like, “God, I just want a normal life. Is that too much to ask of a huge, all-powerful God like You?” Immediately, before I had even finished forming the words in my mind, He answered, “No! That’s not it at all. It’s too little to ask of a huge, all-powerful God like Me.” And then I realized just how absurd I was being. Here I was, talking with the Creator of the universe, a Person who is literally infinitely beyond my imagination’s capacity. And I’m asking Him for normality? Really? How ridiculous! Somehow, in a strange way I think that realization brought me a tiny step closer to understanding joy, maybe because it helped me understand contentment in knowing that the omnipotent God was on my side.
Personal growth precedes professional advancement. When we improve, the things around us improve. So, let me suggest to you some seven habits I think you need to cultivate. (These are not some ivory tower discoveries, just some scriptural and common sense advice; stuffs that had worked for me.)
Pickled beetroot has a lot to answer for. While I quite like it to snack on when the fridge has nothing else in it to keep hunger pangs at bay mid afternoon (this is usually the week before payday when I live off the many, many frozen meals in the freezer), it doesn’t come close to the tastiness of fresh beetroot thats not been dumped in a vat of vinegar. Luckily for me I usually have nicer things to snack on such as chocolate Philly or grapes. To my shame, I didn’t even realise beetroot could come in any other forms until a few years ago when a friend randomly pulled some out of her garden, boiled them up and peeled them, and then we greedily wolfed them down. I had thought this behaviour very weird and expected them to be vile, but it was a revelation to me and may be the only vegetable that I can eat in its purest form – no sauces, no gravy, no salt, no meat to pair it with, as it just doesn’t need it. It’s so good, and its rare that I say that about an ingredient which isn’t a) sugar, or b) chocolate.
Nope. I was talking about left wing assholes in general, but I’ll break it down for you in a minute because you’re too stupid and apathetic to punch it into Google yourself.
Over the past few months I have found myself changing my expectations for many people around me–my clients, my vendors, my friends, my kids, my spouse, my siblings. I think we have some expectations ground into us when we are young, from what our parents taught us. Then life experiences, a recession, and watching others around us moderates our long-term thoughts.
Breaking curfew is a serious misdemeanor for young people. Teens are often hit with tough punishments for staying out too late. Privileges being revoked are usually the main punishment. But what about when professional hockey players stay out too late and thus break a team rule?
In a pool of moonlight his Queen has been left to languish.
Or else bring better holy water.
Real Simple has apparently ascended to the status as “official magazine of 30-something women.” Find a woman between 30 and 39 who doesn’t subscribe, buy or worship to the monthly magazine. Go ahead. I’ll wait.
to enter
I was staring. But so was he. Intensity radiated off of him, mingling with my fascination in the air between us. Time had no meaning. It could have been hours, minutes, or seconds that we faced each other in silence. Then he moved and the connection broke. I felt as if I had been hurled back into my body.
The episodes can be watched with subtitles on Viikii which is a site where people of all different cultures who know all different language work together to translate and sub many different tv shows in many different languages.
maternity ward any more at my hospital, in order not to disturb the
2. Rhythm of the Rain
► flavorful enough to be interesting
William Caswell, 54, Silver Spring, Md.
This hasn’t happened yet, but I’m greenlighting it because I have a very definite picture book I’d like to write now. I know I joined 12×12 for picture book writers this year, but my participation has fallen far short. My goals for the year are now to finish the next round of edits on Farnuckle so it can go back to query-mode and to complete the first draft for the concept that’s been floating around in my head for a couple of months now.
Brody's new nickname, "little bean". He was a BIG fan of Costa Rica. It helps that he was already a big fan of a) being naked and b) anything water related, but I think the amazing black beans and rasta music were the clenchers.
College, clearly, is a far cry from grown-up life. And Madeleine Hanna, bless her heart, is expecting to grow up to be Elizabeth Bennet.
Article 3(a) specifically states that the AFN is supposed to be in the business of "harmonising effective collective and co-operative measures". Agreeing to a national panel on education without consulting with First Nations is not conducive to harmonizing or unifying First Nations on education.
Of the tax break news, Culture Minister Ed Vaizey said;
Well, running a 100-miler with an unhealed injury seems to be an almost certain recipe for a DNF. Ask Willie Lambert or me. We both went to Texas with a bum right foot and a severe lack of training for the past month, and it got the better of us. I dropped after 40 miles, and he dropped at 60. It was the right decision not to keep running (which would have done some real damage). We will both heal and live to train and race another day.
Magnolia...it's madness
1 watch
It didn't stop I don't know why
I thought it a fitting tribute to go out with one of my single girlfriends for a night on the town. We are getting dressed up (a little) we are going to eat out (probably Olive Garden) and we are going out baby (to a little coffee shop to watch a rockin’ horn band that attracts a 50 something crowd). BUT HEY! We are doing it and it’s going to be a blast.
Saw this recipe in a Rachael Ray magazine last week, and have made it twice with slight variations. It is packed full of flavor, easy to make and beneficial during this "cold/sniffles" season. Enjoy!
So tell me, what do you like about the fall?
In the past I've had them use magnetic letters to make words that I'd written out on note cards. After making a word with the magnetic letters they practice reading the word before making the next word.
But I suspect Camerlot will do with this opportunity what it did with all the other ones….fumble it. Let’s see what happens: but if Dave can’t even see the strong card being handed to him by Dublin, then he quite clearly isn’t up to the job.
2. The Swede keeps dogs as pets
6. Act III: Modulate back to the tonic
Is this a world we want to live in? I am just saying that I do think that we need to worry about this. These things happened be course there where laws created in the name of war against terrorism. Laws that encourage these actions against citizens. Swedish young boys
But there was no missing piece. There was no hidden answer; there was no greater truth to the matter. He hung himself in the closet, case closed.
Exhausted.
While they sleep
33. Worst injury you have ever had?
I am asking those of you who have yet to join a team or sponsor a walker to please consider sponsoring Eslea. Your donation of just $5 will help her to reach her goal of $200. Not only that, it will help organizations like the National Down Syndrome Society promote tolerance and diversity so that kiddos, like Eslea, can grow up in a world where differences are celebrated.
My little first graders are so sweet. See, my friend Andrea ... who just so happens to also be my classroom instructional assistant ... is expecting her first child soon. A little boy, to be exact. And guess what our incredibly amazing little firsties did? They asked me if we could throw her a baby shower! How adorably sweet is that?? Of course I said yes. How could I not?
Just not sure when lol
Serve it warm or cold with a hot cup of soup, or just eat it with sauces..
*And I'm really tired and can't form sentences.
Paul continues to pray and exhort the Jews and Gentiles to be grounded in love towards one another and to know the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge, that they (Jews and Gentile) may be filled with all fullness of God.
221) having them all here unexpectedly....all the cousins together....all laughing at the littlest one!
06-12 Tampa, FL – Ritz Ybor
a catheter body having a proximal end and a distal end, said catheter body defining a central
Please email the FC number and five digit serial number of each of your remotes as soon as possible to gate@emeraldpointesavannah.com.
This morning, while trying to catch up on sleep; spending the night on the floor of my living room after having my room commandeered by relatives, I was was waken by old, loud country music. It was my grandpa. And yes, it was early. It's not like he's hard of hearing (or even senile), I think it was just his way of fucking with us and telling us to wake up. At 8:00 am on a Sunday morning.
THE GOSPEL STORY BIBLE is a wonderful addition to your day. I am using it as a devotional for my nine-year-old to do daily. It starts out with a scripture reading (your child looks it up in your preferred Bible version), and then it tells the story in a simple story form, which will make the Bible reading come to life. It also includes an application—how your child can apply it to their own life—and two or three questions for your child to answer. I have my daughter answer them out loud. The pages and illustrations are brightly colored and hold the child’s attention.
But, we can quickly become bogged down in depression when we fret and become angry with God about our circumstances.
• On Now: Johan Zoffany RA: Society Observed. This exhibition at the Royal Academy of Arts re-evalutes the life and career of the Frankfurt-born artist Zoffany, who moved to London in 1760 where he created portraits and subject pictures which attracted the patronage of the likes of actor David Garrick and courtiers of King George III. The exhibition, arranged into eight sections, features more than 60 oil paintings and a selection of drawings and prints taken from British and international collections, both public and private, with many of the items never before exhibited. Runs until 10th June. Admission charge applies. For more, see www.royalacademy.org.uk.
April 17, 2012
i told arief that i don't know. i never thought of the differences of the ocean colours from bird-view and from outerspace view. nyahahaha! so we just made a pact to research on that when we get home.
locked up
Again with this idea of athleticism… elite athletes fuel themselves well and train accordingly in order to push themselves to a physical limit and beyond. So for me this begs the question of how might I be fueling my moral and emotional strength to prepare myself for great tests. Part of that is certainly in how I take care of myself physically (healthy body, healthy mind) but also in the people I allow to be close to me and become my models. If I want to be morally and emotionally strong, then I have to surround myself with others who are also trying to “train” in the same way, or who are already strong in that way. Thankfully, I am privileged to have these relationships in my life.
And I felted some wool and started another cat...bigger than my usual ones. I see stuffing and stitching in the unforseeable future, lol.
To remedy all of the aforementioned stuff that bothers me in the public office bathroom, I have not one, but TWO secret bathrooms on two different floors in my office building.
The thumbnail description of the book being that twenty years after ex-CIA operative Ian Wallace watched a brutal KGB Colonel ruthlessly murder the love of his life (and their unborn child), I hate when that happens.
In 2003 I was asked by the then national organiser to start giving speeches nationwide and at the Red White and Blue festival and also to assist in the canvassing at by-elections and elections across the country. I was also having an input into the basic design of the Party’s new leafleting strategy. At the end of 2003 I was made the co-ordinating officer for London. By this time I was also part of a think-tank, visiting the Chairman at his country retreat and then created ‘Special Projects’ which was set up to enhance the public’s perception of the Party by way of working on frontline community activities. It was at this time that I suggested that the Party create a small booklet containing a summary of our manifesto for members of the public and it was eventually produced… four years later! I also asked for an activists’ handbook and this again came out some four years later, but on-line only. Also an elections handbook that still hasn’t materialised. I suggested that there be a manual for councillors as well, to give guidance and an outline of good practice, but as far as I am aware this hasn’t as yet been produced either.
Pour the sesame oil, light soya sauce and vegetarian oyster sauce on the tofu. Steam the tofu at high heat for 15 minutes. Garnish with spring onions and shallots before serving.
I love him. The children love him. Right now we would rather have him whenever we can (when he's not retreating from the family and hiding out in his room). We know there are bad times, but comparison matters. It's important to see where he came from and where he is now. I'm not going to cut and run because he slipped up and made a mistake. I make mistakes, too, and he gives me another chance.
Mary Hoffman is a published writer of over 90 books, mainly for children and teenagers, including bestsellers like the Grace series and the aforementioned Stravaganza sequence for older readers. With her 'critic hat' on, she founded and ran the review journal, Armadillo, for ten years and reviews regularly for the national press. She is also on an international "Comitato Scientifico" in Florence and writes articles about the UK children's publishing scene for Liber magazine. Mary Hoffman won a scholarship to James Allen’s Girls’ School in Dulwich, which she describes as “an exercise in punctuation in itself.” From there she went to the University of Cambridge to study English at Newnham College and then spent two years studying Linguistics at University College London. Since 1998 she has been an Honorary Fellow of the Library Association for her work with children and schools. She worked at the Open University for nearly five years, contributing to courses for teachers on reading, language and children’s literature. For eighteen years she was Reading Consultant to BBC Schools TV’s Look and Read series and wrote the teaching scripts. Mary lives in Oxfordshire.
Traveler Useful Equipment
And she said researchers specifically announced plans to track numbers to monitor the increase, since “this category of homosexual conduct no longer is illegal.”
Rudolph's Shiny New Year ... ABC Family ... 6 PM
Big wheel keep on turnin' --
The fact that they may have received 40,000 complaints in 12 days would come as no surprise to me.
Parents want to know how to encourage sharing among toddlers. As adults, we understand that sharing is an unselfish act, but a toddler doesn’t know this. A toddler doesn’t choose not to share because he wants to be mean. A toddler chooses not to share because he thinks he’ll lose possession over the item. Brownell, Svetlova, and Nichols (2009) suggest that an “important feature” to sharing is that it is not “costly to the child” (p.118). For example: It is likely that if you give a toddler two pieces of candy to share, that he will not share it because it is costly. If you give a toddler four pieces of candy, then he might give his friend one piece of candy because it is less costly. Some parents may have dealt with having to buy similar toys or the same toys for each child. The toddler years are exciting, new, and filled with self-discovery. In other words, they are in a stage where they realize that they are independent people.
Maybe describing myself as a shopping addict was a bit dramatic. Perhaps I'll just use the term "collector" because that's really what I do. Especially with black blazers. I think I've collected about seven of them, including this gem.
What is really good in your life right now (Me)?
In a memorandum sent to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Obama cited his authority under section 7040(b) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations and Related Programs Appropriations Act of 2012 section 7040(a) of the Act, to provide appropriated funds to the Palestinian Authority.
Timing is everything when it comes to saving a life.
Chef Cimarusti created a gorgeous work of art that was as beautiful to behold as it was to taste. Impossibly smooth but light, pristine as untouched snow on Christmas morning soymilk panna cotta - whose consistency reminded me of the classic Chinese dessert 豆腐花 ("dau fu fa" or tofu custard) without the syrup, lined the bowl. This was topped by uni (sea urchin) that was perfectly structured, with a distinct brininess to counterbalance the melt-in-your-mouth, mild-flavored panna cotta. Pansies and other beautiful flower petals were strewn over the mound, adding vibrant color while lending levity to the piece; squid-like slivers of geoduck clam, crispy rice balls, circles of radish and cucumber contributed crunch for textural variety. Lastly, there was a sprig of what we thought was dill adding visual interest to the whole thing. In the wake of so much destruction caused by natural disaster, this dish celebrated the beauty of nature: it was in one word - divine; making me happy to be alive and fortunate enough to experience such an creation of absolute beauty, even if just once in my life (no, I am not sparing with hyperbole at all).
…. Do you suppose that means it qualifies as a medical expense on my taxes? …. I am, of course, kidding…. Like I said, the trip was paid for last year….. Still, it is an interesting thought….
I just love Charlie Brown and the Great Pumpkin. Reminds
So pleased to welcome back Lisa Marie from Orange & Blossom to chat with us one last time this month! And enjoy a peek at Lisa Marie + Rikky's engagement photos shown below, too! The floor's all yours, Lisa Marie:
The challenge is that Bloglovin does not tally up the total amount of blogs I follow on a daily basis. This is a good thing because if we count manually, we'd be here forever and it would be evident that I have an OBSESSION with blogs. Even if I don't mention your blog, chances are I follow you and am too lazy to update my links.
ok, so none of those pictures had anything to do with "big changes" - but they needed a place on this blog so I just threw them in there.
I know I owe the world the next post in the GBV 5 Songs saga (scheduled: Bee Thousand), but I haven't felt the crushing desire to eliminate 4/5 of the album from contention yet - as I love nearly each and every track on that record.
The Dream is Still Alive
This is why I identify as Agnostic. What is that exactly?
Made the angels a nice warm drink, in no time, they'd recovered and sang their songs of bells that jingle, chestnut roasting, some drummer-boy,things in a pear tree? They helped me decorating in a festive and jolly mood, lighting the candles, arranging the Holly.
I wonder how it is that I can be so distraught over this right now and yet my life is so calm and peaceful right now. That is something I have been striving for. Maybe it is old tendencies taking over. As an Adult Child of an Alcoholic (ACOA) or a co-dependent, I have a tendency to recreate the chaos of the life I knew growing up. Is it possible that I am inadvertently creating this emotional turmoil in my life because my life is so calm?
This fix will destroy the US. The US has thrown away all tools of the past which were designed to protect us from floods of imports. Since the rulers of the US want to keep expanding our military empire, part of the deal is, as I have laboriously detailed in the past, the game is to put bases in a country, take over their own military and then let them export heavily to the US and thus, become enamored with us and then, become our ‘allies’. The sad fact that this military imperial plan has a gigantic flaw, namely, it destroys the empire’s core,
Quinn: I don’t see it that way at all, Bill. I don’t understand what the fuss is. I read that quote over and over and I kept thinking, “What is wrong with this?” I mean, have you ever tried to watch two speeches at once and then try to report or speak about either one of them? It’s impossible. So when she says, “I had the advantage or the disadvantage,” it’s really hard to try to make something—
The article does the usual journalistic trick of describing why the study was complete bullshit and then adds the 'nonetheless' conclusion.
One will be given away to a random commenter on one of the participating blogs
Reproduction locks? You can find these at the flea for $6-$15 each. We sell keys 2 for $1. ( Skeleton keys are $3 each.) My dealer friend Judy Walsberg even brings originals back from her summers in England.
Phone Number: 623-215-5607
once or twice I stepped outside.
Stylistically, it falls somewhere between a bitter and a golden ale - with all the citric and floral sharpness of a 'gold', but with all the full bodied hop dryness and firm malts of a jolly decent bitter.
Penampang. Indeed, I was most struck by the similarity in terms of intensity and passion that I’d seen at the historic Sultan Ampel mosque in Surabaya, or the Shwedagon pagoda in Yangon.
Since then his conditioned has worsened. Last June he literally collapsed after cutting four rows of cane under the hot tropical sun. As a contract worker, he wasn’t allowed into the ISA company hospital. Instead he stumbled onto a bus, vomiting out of the window before the bus finally dropped him off near his home. From there his mother and brother had to carry him into the house.
Apparently the mom took a make up course four years ago, and studied botox injections on chat rooms and forums online, so she knows what she is doing (Yeah right!) I could spend day and night on http://www.preworkoutsupplements.org and still know nothing about either supplements OR working out, yet this lady thinks she is qualified to inject her kid with this crap!
As price drops I’ll keep buying. I trade small sizes relative to account balance, so I can absorb quite a downswing. I’m not even remotely into nervous territory. This just looks like some short term action to me.
He had a young German woman who attended his talks daily in Mumbai and traveled with him as a companion and support. I can't recall her name.
Brod’s first wife died in 1942. He began spending time with Esther Hoffe, his secretary. Professionally, she spent much of her life working on Kafka’s output. Their relationship is difficult to understand—she was married, and Brod often spent his holidays with Esther and her husband, just the three of them—but crucial to the legal wrangling that comes decades later.
The SHIMMY SHOWCASE begins at 7 p.m. at the COFFEE HAVEN in Long Beach (1708 E. Broadway -- 562-437-3785).
Third is Hisa herself. By playing in the middle round, Hisa can either use her skill of bad waits to begin a comeback against an overcautious opponent or to psyche-out her opponents when Kiyosumi has a lead. The overcautious opponent would throw tiles away that wouldn’t seem to have anyone waiting for them and an opponent trying to make up the difference in scores would play more risky, which leads to dangerous tiles being played. Hisa would easily capitalize on these “bad wait” tiles and win, thus causing surprise in her opponents. As she wins with hands no one would suspect, her opponents would be scared to throw out tiles, thus psyching them out and letting her control the middle portion of the match. Hisa is a great choice for the 3rd player.
Crate Paper Farmhouse Collection Accent Cuts
Asleep on the hay
The Noblisse Oblige Award
Currently a financial war is on the verge of going global as Japan and other nations refuse to accept newly printed fiat-money issued by the Federal Reserve Bank, the Satanic/Draco cabal’s black screen menace.
i will list out the things that i am grateful for.
If anyone could take this book, it would be boys. Ages 6 and older.
designers this weekend at the Business of Design Tastemaker Sale - Eleish van Breems, Suzanne Kasler, Tara Shaw and Suzanne Tucker. Rhonda and I caught up with Keith this morning as the sale celebrating his new book is in play to find out what pieces he personally can't resist. Here are Keith's picks:
The base at one time had a top that matched.
So I have to force myself to think positive, “O” and “K” will treat eachother with respect and kindness and forgiveness. They will respect eachothers feelings and work together towards a successful marriage.
It's time to start thinking about what you will make or purchase for mom, sis, aunt, and all those special women for Mother's Day. It will be here before you know it.
She said, “Europeans know from bitter experience the gravity of the threat racism and xenophobia represent. Indeed, the European Union was born out of the cataclysm of intolerance that engulfed twentieth-century Europe. Our task has been … minimising hatred and maximising reason. And today the European Union stands as a testimony to Europe’s religious, linguistic and cultural diversity. We are a community of values, united by our diversity and our determination to prevent such a threat from overwhelming us again.
Africans have been moving downwards towards SA and now they cannot move down any further. South Africa is the last stand of the African. In this most southern part of this dark continent will the nations of Africa clash for the last time. This will be the African Battle of All African Battles. This will be the War of Africa.
When I was growing up my mom always had this photo of her and my dad on the bulletin board in her sewing room. This was taken when they were dating. My mom was only about 17 or 18 years old. Let me tell you what. My parents have been through some stuff yet here they stand. They've seen times of plenty and times when my mom made top ramen or mac n cheese for every meal because we couldn't afford meat. We qualified for the free lunches at school. There were stressful days. There are always good years and hard years. I've watched my mom and dad STAND through the hard years. And in watching they've taught me to stand.
I'm excited because I'm going to be meeting/seeing a ton of cool people, some completely new, some that I know online and will be meeting in real life for the first time, and some whom I've met previously, and am happy to see again! I'm also excited because Eli has kindly asked me to speak alongside him in his discussion entitled Finding Your Own Path, where Eli and I will talk about finding meaningful work! Also, there are tons of cool presentations and funshops.
He was jailed for five years by Judge John Warner at Wolverhampton Crown Court in December.
“Scotland, 1745. Against the bloody background of the Battle of Culloden, another war waged and won-the price of honor, the victory, love.
Temple President, ISKCON Sri Radha Krishna Mandir, Bangalore
2. She pays her boyfriend’s bills. I would NEVER. My husband? yes…
ü Key or password protection to alter settings We have this function in our system
Imagine you’re at a café. It’s a warm atmosphere; the feeling that one has when walking inside after being cold for quite some time. You wipe off your shoes, freshly damp from a snow squall, onto a damp, salt-stained mat that has obviously seen better days. Steam rises and screams from an espresso machine. It’s almost too warm, but a pleasant feeling nonetheless. As you walk in, your ears are immediately filled with chatter from a myriad of conversations. In fact, the entire café seems to thrum happily with its cacophony of white noise from its various inhabitants. You breathe deeply, inhaling the scent of coffee that seems to seep out of every wall and quietly, but happily, wait for your turn to order.
I know that it is winter, and I know that we can get pretty much everything under the sun in weather, but please just send snow. I can drive in snow.
David Cross
(ha, i#ve only just realised that bust a nut refers to plumbing when a busted up nut causes flooding of a bathroom or kitchen, draping said plumber in the glory of the wetness, i’ve been using it all my life knownig it applied to an orgasm but never exactly why). This is very much in the same way I don’t know what intrepid means but I keep putting it in sentences and so far no one has corrected me on its use, hehe
The first drug interdiction specialist was sent to Cuba around 1998, he recalled, and five or six Coast Guard officers — all men — now have completed assignments of two or three years in Havana. All remain on active duty and aren’t permitted to comment on their Cuba experiences.
Just a few more paces through a well-used gate where the earth was sodden underfoot we knew we had reached the spot when the hairs on the back of our necks stood on end, skin tingled as goose bumps rose in recognition all over. It is said that X marks the spots and in this case it was a cross of four perfectly spaced trees stood to the four quarters which guarded the site. We sat, smoked, recovered from the climb and connected in silence. The air brought the call of Crows on the wind. Odin’s faithful familiars Hugin and Munin representing Knowledge and Memory awoke exactly that, for in the breeze I could hear their chatter. Roy, John and Bill engrossed in deep conversation and laughing whilst Doreen’s bright smile seemed to radiate through the branches of the tree’s enshrouding this place, this “Mecca” as it had been affectionately called earlier that day. Stone, wood and soil oozed memory. It was an emotional moment for us all…I was humbled and honoured to be here, stomping the same soil of our ancestors. I was thrilled to have come here during the day to experience the gentle contact which seemed to welcome us home.
Richard took his first mouthful of whiskey and once again found himself trying to pretend that the ghosts weren’t there. He’d be in their possession for most of the weekend and the task they had set him upon had kept him awake and crying, for the past week or so. So just for the smallest window of time, he’d be his own man. He’d relax on his couch and have a drink.
I have to admit, when you show up for work it’s easy to turn your attention first to all of the urgent tasks and demands for your time. Strategic thinking, on the other hand, is one of those activities you can let slide for a while (or so you think). It is “important” but not urgent (something you must deal with like a project gone awry or an irate partner).
I will see happy, helpful and nice people.
I could guess as much from the heading for same:
I mean these things:
CABIN posits that the teenage horror story is actually a deadly game being run by a corporate facility for reasons unknown. There are similar operations being run by facilities all over the world and head technicians Richard and Steve (Richard Jenkins and Bradley Whitford) are ready for the big day. It’s a very clever move to show us the technicians right up front to let us in on the twist; CABIN could have given us the entire film from the college kids’ POV, but by showing us the Wizard at the same time we’re watching our characters move through Oz, CABIN adds a layer of fun to the proceedings.
all those times i felt like,
I have chosen to illustrate this little moan with a picture of Regent Street in 1923. It is a scan of a photograph in an old book I bought in a junk shop several years ago. The book itself was over 70 years old and the photograph must be nearly 80 years old. The question is, of course, can I reproduce the image here? Some would say that when I scanned the image I created a new work which I now have copyright on. This puts me in the remarkable position of owning the copyright on Regents Street, a street which, I understand, HM travels down frequently in her coach and horses on the way to some state occasion or other. So I will finish with a personal offer to my monarch : if you let me use your kitchen, I will let you trot down Regents Street. You can't say fairer than that.
A cover letter with typos, misspellings and poor sentence structure may take you out of the running for a job. If you cannot afford to pay someone to review your cover letter and résumé, enlist a friend or a family member with good language skills to do it instead.
If it was not for Bradman, Hammond would perhaps be the greatest pre-war batsman in the game, and certainly the greatest of his generation. It was by sheer coincidence that the careers of Hammond and Bradman ran almost parallel to each other in splendid fashion. He established himself firmly as not just Hobbs’ successor as the greatest English batsman but also the finest batsman in the world when, only in his second series (the 1928 Ashes), he shattered the record books by accumulating 905 runs in 5 Tests at 113. He kick-started a great rivalry with the Don when he broke his world record of the highest individual Test score by scoring an unbeaten 336 against New Zealand in 1933. Despite losing six of his best years to war, Hammond scored over 50,000 first class runs and at the time of his retirement, held the world record for most Test runs.
Keeping the death metal ball rolling, here's another new edition to the 2011 roster. Featuring members from Paradise Lost, My Dying Bride and At the Gates, Vallenfyre's debut features crunching death/doom riffs along with mournful quasi-gothic melodies similar to what you might expect from Paradise Lost.
Because we met up for a blogging workshop, the students at the SFAI and I began to talk about other media for literary self-expression—beyond paper and digital screens—and we briefly got onto the subject of skywriting. A Geico ad had been spotted earlier in the day, one of them pointed out, drifting from the back of a skywriting plane, as if in competition with the more abstract cloud shapes produced by the Blue Angels (who, seemingly seduced by San Francisco, took to drawing hearts in the sky).
For years Mick has been taking full advantage of the life available to a pro athlete: fame, fortune, and a different girl in every city. But when he meets and beds confident, beautiful event planner Tara Lincoln, he wants much more than the typical one-night stand. Too bad Tara's not interested in getting to know football's most notorious playboy any better.
And I had the aforementioned 8 day old, who was only happy when he was using me as a giant spit up cloth.......
We had a wonderful Thanksgiving spent with friends, and hope that your celebration was memorable, too. Thank you to everyone for your holiday messages. I'm so thankful for all of you. As we're still eating (another meal with friends this evening!), I wanted to share a little something special from our family archives.
a lark
This week I have been expecting company, my DH went away on a trip and he just came back last night, he was so missed by the kids and me. Inspired by the photo I decided to make him a welcome card. Probably not what you would expect for a man, but nonetheless it's for him.
And then we get to the all important (read horrific) passage:
Cox absolutely leveled Eli on that head to head collision.
If you're feeling really flush, there is an area called The Village which caters for 'Luxury Retail' outlets such as Louis Vitton, Gucci, Dior and other posh shops that specialise in expensive pieces of useless tat. Throw in a few banks, bookshops, the obligatory department stores, sports, toys, jewellery (fourty-seven grand Rolex anyone?), gadget shops and that's pretty much the make up of Westfield. No musical instrument shops though, can't have everything I s'pose.
Those with internet radio shows:
Listen in to my interview with former Cal Poly Center Back Sigler, where he talks about his relationship with Holocher, and the emotions in the UCSB game.
Corn Liquor Made a Fool Out of Me by The Bad Livers
My father assured me that some form of transportation would be procured tomorrow, Anne's wishes being inconsequential. For two glorious hours I thought that I would be rescued, and what a joy it was. You see, through her general malice and maddening conviction of her own superiority, Anne made a snake pit. In was in her decision to sever communications with my family that she implanted a feeling of desperation, of no escape. She got to my father and told him that she wouldn’t take me home tomorrow. My father told me to hang on and that there was nothing he could do.
To build a dream for me and you
‘Travel arrangements of Osama bin Laden’s family were facilitated based on the request of Bin Laden’s family in Saudi Arabia,’ the official said. ‘Saudi Arabia dealt with the matter on a humanitarian, legal and administrative basis,’ said the report.
In 1999 I had a very vivid dream. In the dream I am standing at the base of a high-rise building. It’s the Brisbane Stock Exchange. Suddenly a large jet airliner crashes into the building. The plane emerges out of the other side and the building collapses. The devastation is immense and all that is left is a large hole in the ground. I am safe but everything around me is destroyed.
Salted vegetable, 3 leaves, cut into bite sizes
When her husband and daughter are killed in an automobile accident, which she survives, Julie (Juliette Binoche) is understandably devastated. She shuts herself off emotionally, never wanting to feel anything again after such a traumatic experience. In the opening scenes of Blue, actress Juliette Binoche displays an incredible range of emotions as her character tries to comprehend her world, which has been shattered. She ends up suppressing raw emotion with detachment.
Under His wings,
Stay focused.....
Anyway, back to the reveal!
No War Crimes in Sri Lanka, Look Elsewhere
.two party system
The affectionate administration of the carts makes Mario Kart DS is an abundantly simple bold to aces up, but there are aswell affluence of avant-garde techniques that you can use to accord yourself an edge. Afloat about corners, for example, lets you accommodate even the tightest of hairpins afterwards abbreviating your speed, and if you afresh move the D pad larboard and adapted while drifting, it’s even attainable to accretion a accession of dispatch by inducing a miniturbo. Timing your alpha altogether will aswell accord you a accelerated advantage off the line, and you can aswell accretion a cogent accession by drafting (tucking up behind) opponents who are assault you.
Still, I am tired. Bill and I have decided to bring in a wonderful lady one night a week. She will take care of the babies so that we can get one night of uninterrupted sleep. What originally felt like a luxury we could probably do without; definitely feels like a necessity today. Luckily, tonight is her first night.
white card
We noticed that the soil stayed moist near the hose area for a long time after we turned off the water. We realized that the hose continued to drop for a while after the water source was shut off, another benefit.
Tears fell from her eyes.
Oh, did I mention that it is a gem?
He can't help you.
Roy: The guy in goals.
As you might remember, in March she asked for red/white/blue blocks.
We were told that traditionally the young virgins of the village chewed the root and spit it out instead of mixing it with water straight away. The young men did the initial pounding, but you had to be 35 to drink it, so the pounders didn’t get to participate in the consumption. Women never drank kava. Today, things are more democratic, although the men still seem to far outdrink the women. Each village has its own traditions about when another round is served and who can ask for it, how to mix it, and so on.
In the past year, we had 5 months where claims examiners returned more than $3 million each month. There were also three days where they returned $1 million each day! I visited many fairs across the state including the Northern Wisconsin State Fair where I came across a Boyd woman who had more than $225,000 in unclaimed cash so I used Facebook to finally track her down, beginning a trend of using social media to try and find people in the database.
As I was left in the dark.
112) red paper bag, decorated with hearts, filled with beautiful craft goodies for my craft crazy daughter,
What kind of poetry do you write? Today I write mostly micropoetry, with the occasional longer poem when time allows.
If Khazanah is indeed interested in potential buyers for its stake, the national sovereign wealth fund should open up the bids in a more transparent manner for a longer period of time.
Gotta love it!
For exercise, I required shoes and clothing for walking, sync'd my ipod, got rid of my favourite biscuits, chocolates and sweets (that was fun ;) and stocked up on healthy alternatives and water bottles.
(there were three centerpieces with Beta fish in them. This one is Henry, Deacon's fish that he loves to look at and point to and even kiss the fish bowl!!)
That’s when the whining and boo-hooing started.
Yep. The flight was early. Drat. At this point I'm on my way to Tampa airport.
The chairman of the Trade Union Congress, Mr. Francis Oladele on behalf of the TUC and NLC, commended the governor for his administration’s welfare programmes. He also added that in the last two years of this administration, the workers in Osun State have benefited so much from the welfare programmes of the Governor.
How much time a day you think about that you should do something else, for example should do sport, should relax, should drink 3 litres water, should meet your friends, should eat more healthy foods etc? Many months, years went by in my life without stepping forward in "should do" cases. When it became ripe to act.
Cliche, cliche, no man is an island and Ted finds he’s sharing the island with some refugees. There are some lovely times when he is tricked by Friday into saying something dumb to the only attractive (to Ted) woman on the island. Ted’s past history means you know he’ll fall for her. Nuff said.
4. I had drinks with Billy Joel. I did. I don’t think he would remember me, cuz he was absolutely smashed after his concert in West Virginia, but he did tell me some secrets, like how much he disliked Hall and Oates. Really.
Quick and Easy Zucchini Pancake for One
And a boy called Gavin, who thinks only that he is a city kid with parents who hate him, and knows only that he sees things no one else will believe, is boarding a train, alone, to Cornwall.
This was my view while the couple said their vows and exchanged their rings. The bride wore a white lace dress that I dare say was just as beautiful as Kate Middleton's wedding gown. And in her hair: a spectacular, sparkling flower. (Girl after my own heart!) And I loved the color scheme of deep eggplant - so rich for winter!
So, Ella got to meet Elizabeth and Lucy, and this is Marco who is a Katrina-rescue owned by Bunny's Head Gardener, Eric Ruquist (hi Eric!) Eric has friends in our area, so we invited him to come visit the next time he and Marco are in New Hampshire. I hope he takes us up on that!
So what am I to learn from these?
"We did not get to see Jon Jon. Because
2 Belgen Lena B
The first week of April was marked by a magnetic filament connected to sunspot AR1450 erupting and hurling a faint CME (Coronal Mass Ejection) in the direction of Earth. There was another huge solar flare on April 16th which sent plasma flares towards earth over the next few days. April 21-22nd saw the Lyrid Meteor shower and April 24th also saw a geomagnetic storm providing stunning auroras as far south as Ireland. Many of you reported extreme fatigue and migraines.
his stats are as follows:
The two keep company at lunch and sit next to each other in several classes but make an effort to 'belong' by joining in various clubs and sports teams. Both wanting acceptance on a campus where appearance and family background appear to matter more than scholastic achievement. Both swallow their pride to become part of the pack.
So there you have it in a nutshell. Do it Jesus' way and in the right heart attitude and you will understand the power of true forgiveness!
Lots of theories about Nicodemus’ night visit. He was a student who studied late at night and HAD TO see Jesus ‘cause he couldn’t sleep! Nicodemus was being secretive – didn’t want others in the Jewish counsel to see him talking to this heretic!
Just a stone throw away from ARACENA
1/2 pound smoked pulled chicken
Prayers to St. Peregrine
You will create no more than 7! The swap will close at 7.
Now, I had danced with her earlier that night, which should have warned me against encouraging her to cut in, since I can’t refuse anyone a dance in that situation. Not that she was a bad dancer. More like she had her own idea about how to swing dance, and it involved two things: breakneck speed, and lots of orbital spinning. Now, as the lead, it’s my job to communicate what moves the two of us are going to do, except that every spin I did ended with her circling me at incredible speed. Having failed to stop the running woman from orbiting me the first time I danced with her, I decided to go with her high-speed orbits this time, but it is not a pleasant experience to know that, if you let go of your partner, she will fly off into space. And by space, I mean outer space. Of course, no one else tried to cut in, as her trajectory formed a barrier around the both of us that would have killed anyone trying to penetrate it. My only option was to survive until the end of the song, which I did. Luckily, I had done most of my dancing for the night before the insanity of my last birthday dance partner, and so I was able to retreat to the safety of my favorite dancer there for one last song, before time forced me to head home.
I look around at all the others
He had wanted them to look at the implementation of the proposed dam from a positive point of view, particularly in terms of development.
Yet its message is neat and so very sweet
I whole-heartedly disagree with this. As a writer you have already mastered half the battle of design… forethought, planning and creativity.
Finally, I got my choice of a dessert today, and the Pear Sorbet with a pumpkin garnacha and blue cheese was calling my name. In all actuality, I was really craving the pretzel cake truffles, but you have to make due with what was offered on the tasting pre fix.
“Remember bitch! You’ll be mine!! You can’t run anymore!!!”
Next week Ben will finally get his first scouting patches. The Bobcat and the Wolf. He is a Bear now. This ward has been awesome for scouts. Ben is also in Karate...he enjoys it. I am just thankful to see him like something besides video games. :)
Supply cubbies.
The only thing I can take from this is that the critics and audiences who are bouncing with glee about “Girls” have never ventured into SFF long enough to see that we’ve been doing the strong-women thing for decades, so they don’t know that this stuff is already out there. Heck, we’re even being told that Lena Dunham is somehow a pioneer as a co-EP on the show, as if Jane Espenson, Amy Berg, Gillian Horvath and Michelle Lovretta don’t exist. (And even in mainstream entertainment, we have Diablo Cody on “United States of Tara.” Does she not count?) It does indeed suck that the list of women in power positions in the industry is so very small, but we don’t need to prop up the careers of selfish, spoiled twits just because they don’t pee standing up.
I've made this dozens and dozens and dozens of times. It's one of our favorites... I swear I could eat it every day.
Looking forward to hearing how everyone did this week!
With so many options to choose from, organizing media can be pretty straight forward and easy, it's just about what works for you and your space.
to be concluded;
Projects like The 10,000 Year Clock are often undertaken with the noblest of environmental intentions, but the old proverb is relevant here: the road to hell is paved with good intentions. What I find troubling, then, is that much of the environmental do-goodery in the world may actually be making things worse. It’s often nothing more than a form of conspicuous consumption, which is a term coined by the economist and sociologist Thorstein Veblen. When it pertains specifically to “green” purchases, I like to call it being conspicuously environmental. Let’s use cars as an example. Obviously it depends on how the calculations are processed, but in many instances keeping and maintaining an old clunker is more environmentally friendly than is buying a new hybrid. I can’t help but think that the same must be true of building new clocks.
The wrath of God not feared.
‘No Ideas But in Things’ By Stephen Emmerson & Chris Stephenson due out this winter.
I explained how they are right about this, because it fits the nominating pattern that the GOP follows perfectly. And it is still depressing as all get out.
If you want smaller curls, use smaller sections of hair and do more of them and if you want bigger curls, use bigger sections of hair. Then go to bed for the night.
