out of seven days, this is happening maybe three times – give or take.
Here's one paragraph I wrote describing a view out of a window without paying attention to the tone of the language. I was just trying to be more intricate:
Here's before (on Halloween):
Frost your cake and then refrigerate for a while before serving.
Back to spices. Most of these little yet pricey spice bottles are getting the heave ho today.
It might not be too everyones taste but I felt the need to do another Art post and found this and was surprisingly intrigued by it. Here is the artists’ vimeo page with a video for the making of this piece as well as others.
Join us for some scrappin' good fun and you might just get some of those memories scrapped and have some fun at the same time :)
(Note: Reduced the first gallon of wort down to .5 gallon. Compensated in water volume. I have not figured out how this impacts my OG/FG)
Address: 17, Eastern Avenue, Reading, RG1 5RU, England.
Status Enquiry Form
and I kick everyone out of the kitchen.
4) Game of the night is in Detroit with the Rangers coming to town oh and Yu know who is pitching
0094: the quiet
O.K. He wasn’t asking them. He was lording over me, demanding that I tell them these things. BECAUSE HE DOESN’T HAVE A RELATIONSHIP WITH THEM AND CAN’T TALK TO THEM HIMSELF. And I hate it when he criticizes me over his daughters when he has had nothing to do with raising them.
But as I was siting at Fong’s Chinese restaurant a couple of days ago here in snowy Utah, I noticed that my Chinese food happened to be served on a plate – from China. Then I saw that my plastic water cup was also made in China. My knife and fork? China. The salt and pepper shakers? You guessed it… China.
When I originally called to change the dates, I couldn't because the booking window had not reached our dates yet. My mom really wants to go when it's all decked out for Christmas, but her job will not allow her time off in December. So the week before Thanksgiving it was. So we kept the same week.
um..? i just got back and i'm sticky with goat gravy, barbecue and dance sweat, so later the fuller writing on the Carnival that is the West Indian Day Parade,for now, the tidbits:
Taped by Xave with Sony MZ-NH1 MD and Sony ECM17 mics.
Goddess Mx
He licked his lips, said to me
-Slovenia
Undeniably, Alaïa excels with the construction of his signature knit dresses. In my opinion there isn't a designer out there who works with knits in such a way. Some of his knit dresses barely resemble knits. I'm always awestruck by the way Alaïa garments truly make women look beautiful. His clothing always strikes the right note- sensual and oftentimes clingy, but never vulgar. There is a misconception that Alaïa's garments are unforgiving. Truthfully, Alaïa's garments magically flatter all body types. This is the mark of a designer who loves women and making them look and feel even more beautiful than they already are.
Today, I did the washing up for the first time in...well, I don't know how long actually! I was relieved to remind myself that, despite Phil's assertions to the contrary, it is really very easy to wash up when you have a dishwasher and can put most of the dirty things in there.
It was Really! Really! Really! tough to pick the Top 3 for the last challenge.
I'm beginning to think that Sally-Ann, the owner of DigiStamp Boutique, is psychic, lol! I was busy making cards for a magazine commission earlier today and was thinking that I needed to make a card to send to Jemma, my son's girlfriend. I haven't seen her for a while and she's fed up as she's got chicken pox - not good when you're 26! Whenever she comes to our house, the first thing I do is make her a Dolce Gusto latte in a polka dot mug. Look what arrived in my inbox!!
They said that while I am waiting for INAC to contact me, that I could be getting all the extra required documents in order to submit. This includes the guarantor form, driver's license and passport photos.
Stardust My Stickease
IN A NUTSHELL
Gretchen Zigante, director of soccer operations for Apex Soccer, a soccer and futsal training program for youth athletes, knows what it takes to advance from youth to college-level play. She began playing soccer at the age of 14, “when it wasn’t too fashionable for women to play beyond the youth level,” she said, and earned a spot on UNC’s 1986 women’s championship team and the U.S. Women’s Soccer National Team from 1986 to 1990.
22. i’m usually better looking! give me a kiss and i’ll turn into a prince!
So now Molly looks like someone drew half a mustache on her lip, it's so funny and makes you think "what did you do?!" Then you realize, oh you have a bruise, ha!
My mother still calls to wake me up in the morning
with pearls; there are even golden people living there;
AAM: And there is a time—well, what you would think of as time—where you do go back and simply unite.
After an hour at the clinic (no ear infection – YAY!), I went back home to get some grading done for my Thursday night class. Did I have to do it today? No, but since both of my daughters asked me to chaperone their field trips this week (one on Monday and one on Tuesday), not only am I losing writing time, I’m losing all my work time.
At last count there are 17 children staying with Gogo Mynah. Two more are on the way.
But what we do have is an outdoors-loving-rambunctious-toddler with a trike. He had all but gotten over his walking pneumonia when we were dressed and ready to leave one morning and he wouldn’t budge without his beloved trike. He rides it inside and out and when I say rides it, I mean endlessly.
So she went back to his place
First, I REALLY need to get more organized! This year especially I plan to work harder to make sure everything has a place. I'm tired of being that teacher who is asking the kids "Did you see where I put....?"
in life maps
And I hope they do.
She says, are these for sale?
*jokingly* Oh and I’m such a bad person because I get boozed up in front of my kid?
our presence automatically liberates others.
I would pilfer through cupboards, stacking plates upon bowls, placing cups in pots & I'd put the lids to said pots on the mantle to the fireplace.
Eme and Carol baked some cookies. The kids played games. Jake went to Justins house for a while. I know I took a nap for a bit. Ha! Really, it was a lazy day. Nothing much happened. No complaints here.
Thomas , Roy and Neal Adams “This Beachhead Earth” Avengers #93 November, 1971. Marvel Comics.
(Especially if you are anything like me, on the run and dont have time to make everything from scratch)
She dropped them, we went on. Soon we found one hopper with a cap off and sure enough, more plastic pellets. Mystery solved. They fell out of an 'empy' train car. I went home that evening, uploaded a few of that day's photos to Flickr and forgot about it.
I was weighed at the doctors yesterday and decided I really do need to get more exercise andd eeat less of whatever new culinary surprise Ki has created.... I don't like exercise classes they bore me. And the At Home DVDs are more boring, though not quite as bad when I keep the sound off. I have a YogaDeck though. and I like it. It has about 30 different cards (each with a differenn yoga pose). I shuffle the deck and draw 5-10 random cards and do those. It keeps me from getting bored.
I have been having a hard time sticking to the agreement with Daughter #1. We finally came to the compromise that I could do other planning during the day. That helps a lot.
In light of this, my Facebook Profile page has grown and grown over the past two years - in particular - since I introduced The Independent Magazine content feeds to it three years ago. After some discussions with FB's Developer Support Team today, I've taken the decision to convert my FB profile over to an author and editor fan page for TIPM and my books. That 'porting' took place just before midnight, March 28th, and 95% of my 'Friends' list has transferred successfully across to the new author fan page. I'm told by FB Developers that the loss of 'Friends' during conversion is usually down to users who have discontinued or deleted their FB profiles. The conversion was always something I was going to have to deal with as my FB Profile was quickly reaching the limit allowed (5000). I'd rather act early with some discomfort and background work to do to re-install the aggregation, carry out some redesign, than have to face it eventually six months down the line.
Over the next month or so, I’m planning on reading more fantasy for the Once Upon a Time challenge, as well as reading more sci-fi. Remember a few months ago when I asked everyone for sci-fi recommendations because I hadn’t read any before? Well, you created a monster. I’m now addicted to sci-fi. I’m planning on reading as much of it as I can.
I had the best intentions for a shot of me and the kids jumping together. But between the logistics of three different heights, and three different interpretations of what “jump on the count of three” means, these are best I can offer. (and I can’t seem to choose between them).
respect, care and love need the most attention. Neglect is not an option, yet it seems to be at its height today. We are so angry – and we don’t seem to know how and where to start picking up the pieces of our disintegrated pasts and souls. Remember, 1 plus 1 equals TWO.
Marianne and Colonel Brandon are happily married and enjoying their young daughter Joy. Colonel Buford is soon to be married to a reformed Caroline Bingley, and Colonel Fitzwilliam is discovering that love has been right in front of him all along. The romance in the novel is very enjoyable. When Napoleon escapes form Elba, the three Colonels are called to their duty and to the horrific battle of Waterloo for God and country. Will they survive and how will this battle affect their loved ones?
Saturday morning, the first day of three-day visit, we made a list: build a sturdy trellis for tomatoes, spread compost, weed the winter’s invaders, plant two trees in containers, shop for plants, plant the plants, paint the garage door (and the trellis).
This incident alone wouldn’t prompt such a ping from me to my girl. Like I said, it could have been a number of reasons why the guy at the party never approached me… but it got me thinking about the idea of timid men, in general. You know, the guy who stares at you all night and then gets the host to ask you if you’re interested. Yeah, that guy. My girl’s theory was not that the guy was timid, but that he was shy, and she further pointed out that while we both typically go for bolder men, bolder hasn’t gotten us anywhere lately. Touche’ C-Murder, touche’. My only problem with that belief is that I don’t think a guy has to be the life of the party to come up to a woman and say, “Hi my name is Alex… what’s yours?” Maybe I’m being too unforgiving. IDK.
The completion of this Constitution is the culmination of the people’s struggle on the road to freedom and democracy. It is a real embodiment of achievements, a response to shifts and changes, an evidence of organizing the march of the state towards the future, a regulator of the movement of its institutions and a source of legislation. All of this is attainable through a system of fundamental principles that enshrines independence, sovereignty and the rule of the people based on election, political and party pluralism and the protection of national unity, cultural diversity, public freedoms, human rights, social justice, equality, equal opportunities, citizenship and the rule of law, where the society and the citizen are the objective and purpose for which every national effort is dedicated. Preserving the dignity of the society and the citizen is an indicator of the civilization of the country and the prestige of the state.
You might get that sense that I thought the fen was less than spectacular. And you'd be right - but that's also its delight. It was one of the places that you know you'll go back to; that will always, in a quiet way, have something to offer. The irony is that for over ten thousand years people have been passing it by - and that's precisely why it's so worth visiting today.
Some of my favorite people! (If you are wondering about Carlisle’s leg, you can read all about it here. But rest assured it’s not too serious and she is completely fine now! Whew!)
I think the Pittas came out of the oven looking brilliant. So I tried the smaller of the 4 to see if the texture was correct and I think it was.
Then the phone rang.
Dust your ribs with flour, salt and pepper. Brown over medium heat in several tablespoons of hot oil. You will have to do this in batches, placing the ribs in a crock pot as they are browned. Pour your broth into your hot pan and scrape the bottom of the pan while it boils for about minute. Pour broth over the ribs and spread your onion and garlic over the ribs. Cover and cook on high for several hours or until the sections of the meat begin to separate. Bone-in ribs will take a little longer than boneless. You may also cook them on a lower heat for longer.
Despite my best efforts, I remain a poster child for PMS.
Interesting. I have noticed that Julia rarely says anything nice about anyone — particularly not actresses who have the temerity to be younger than her.
You bounce around the kitchen getting all up in everyones shit, but not really absorbing anything. You taste without asking, and more than once you criticize the food. During one of your rants about how you used to do it at your last job, the grill cook catches looks at you and growls "Well that's so fucking interesting." Most of your evening is spent leaning against the ice machine, and when you do step in, you're so fucking slow wiping plates and garnishing that the sous knocks the chervil out of your hand and shouts "JUST FUCKING SEND IT!" You cook zero orders, and when you sit down to eat at the bar, you order an expensive cocktail, and dont tip. You. Fucking. Blew. It.
I have a fuller argument I'm developing about the fondness for mirrors in 1940s Hollywood. They appear quite frequently.
I let her know I am a fan, she invited me to her studio.
“The words alone do almost nothing, you must see and feel as well and bring everything together in your heart.”
These cookie jars are very big for me, that is why I am holding them, so you are like "wow, that guy has got super big cookie jars in his arms, you could sure fit alot of girl scouts in there..."
I tried to separate myself from whatever the results would be, telling myself that this was only cycle day 13, and while not actively charting, my husband and I had been keeping track of my Peak Day (or as close to it as possibly) in order to not expect my period too soon. As my Dr had forewarned, after being off all medications including progesterone, my cycle lengths would likely get longer and my Peak Days later. They've been closer to cycle day 18-20.
Like many of the comment's on the original post, I too have felt that I could not be open about talking about my children's giftedness. If you are reading this blog, then I am assuming you either "get" giftedness or have an open mind. But out in the "real world", not everyone is like this. They assume:
And that is it. It was that easy. And because you’re braising the fish, the is more wiggle room with your cooking time. It won’t be all nasty and overcooked.
The Post dug up the legal papers Dell filed against Lakshmi, and they don’t paint a very pretty picture of the very pretty Lakshmi. The two apparently started hooking up in November 2007 and were still intimate until the summer of 2009, when Lakshmi was suddenly not so into Dell.
When asked “what is the best part of Thanksgiving dinner?” many would answer “the left-overs!”. Myself included. I purposely calculate and prepare at least 150% more food than we can possibly consume in a days time. Turkey sandwiches, homemade turkey noodle soup, turkey “shepherds pie”…..
#142: Birthday soup, birthday noodles and birthday cake
totally yummy!!! i served it with fresh from the oven cheddar rolls that i picked up from fresh market but i think it would be great with either biscuits or cornbread too.
I have been scrapbooking for 13 years. I started at the age of 13. My first scrapbooks are so funny, but I love them because it is part of the history.
Both he and Flower are almost done with Book 1of Learn Math Fast. Flower is at that point where she can do long division just fine, with double digits in the divisor and everything, tyvm, but she has forgotten had to multiply with multiple digits.
Poet John McAuliffe then laid roundly but with characteristic good humour into the Booker. He recalled the Booker in what he called its heyday, mentioning among others Midnight's Children, The God of Small Things and Vernon God Little, books which he said administered shocks to British literary culture. In recent years, though, he felt, Booker winners have been echoes, imitations of those earlier books rather than making new noises of their own. This year authors whose books could have administered such shocks - Patrick McGuinness, Dermot Healy, Kevin Barry - had been left off *, the last two even from the longlist, and the problem with them having been left off is that they have already more or less disappeared. Altogether, in his view, while British poetry prizes are closer to the pulse of the form, the Booker is now a publishers' prize for the Christmas market.
In that vote, also held on a Sunday, 88 percent of the members approved the continuation of the process for dismissal. In an interview with CP not long after that vote, Alison Murray, leader of staff for First Presbyterian Church, explained that there were many reasons connected to “the decline in the PC(USA)” that prompted members to want to join ECO.
They know this is something I would never do. My hair has two modes, Ponytail and Down (something else my friends rarely get to see). That's how I roll, no deviations unless it's for some special event. They only reason they want this is because it's the most girlish thing they can think of, something that would be a complete opposite of the old picture. I am not a normal girl, I play video games, code and work with my little ten pound weight constantly (I really should get a heavier one at this point, maybe a twenty pounder. Also Sigma, you are never getting this back). They are so desperate to see me do this that they are willing to bribe me, Rove especially. He told me that he would get me Mass Effect 3, the special edition that cost like $100.00, if I did it.
Thousands of patients are to be cared for by Virgin Trains after Richard Branson’s company finalised the biggest outsourcing deal yet for running day-to-day NHS services.
Now, I know that Whitney blogs together at Pen Pals and Picture Books with Robyn, but if you read WHY then you will understand why these two both wanted to join in the swap separately (don't worry, I won't let them send each other the packages!) Whitney had me giggling with one of her last posts about meeting Jan Brett. I was not laughing at her, rather imagining myself doing the SAME things! She cracks me up =) Those of us who go ga ga over kids picture books and those who write them must unite!!!
I was happy to see that Laura’s little boy is back home, and happy to see another challenge put up, although I wasn’t able to work on it until yesterday.
If you think of it and would like to pray for these families, I know it will be appreciated.
Nevertheless, for a man, they think that they will cope with sex in a unique way from a woman however why are men so completely different from women and why is intercourse more vital to them than what a girl might really feel about intercourse?
Closing Prayer
1. Skate as much as possible whether its indoor or outdoor.
Whatever you call this, it's not reform and -- except to its victims -- it's not serious. It is a thinly disguised way for the federal government to wash its hands of the health care needs of 60 million Americans by driving them further into poverty.
Praise God! He is the God of my life and the master of my soul!
Brouwerij van Hoegaarden Hoegaarden Original White Ale
Asahi 20.1%
In recent years, Taliban militants have killed hundreds of people in bombings and other attacks across Pakistan.
and before we knew it
“We’re not cutting anything out from traditional medicine,” Chiaramonte said. “We’re adding to the toolbox.”
Paper - Gina K. Designs
I took down my little valance over the sink and am liking all of the light coming in.
By now, you probably need a good laugh and a reward for getting to the end of this long post. So, check out A Time of the Signs - it's a gem!
Those days are coming back. That’s our destiny.
Straight Theater, Haight Street, San Francisco, CA July 23, 1967
only to find myself
Think you’ve had the last laugh
"Gentlemen, Start your engines!".
The drought hasn’t seemed to bug the apples or the peaches, though. And so far it looks like they survived both our 1st attempt at pruning and some voracious Ruffed Grouse.
We finish off the night with some deep fried ice cream. We had our hopes up that it would be done in an innovative manner like the Holy Basil fried icecream we’ve been raving about but it was the more conventional fried vanilla ice cream ball coated with breadcrumbs and dried coconut flakes, with a choice of strawberry or chocolate sauce. The added touch was a small portion of Thai sticky rice on the side, but we found it a bit dry and preferred the deep fried icecream ball more.
Anyway, I'm about... 140 pages into editing my 5th draft of The Trials! Yay!
Then he set up a date with me a week in advance.
Would a team of superheroes be able to put their egos aside and work together? S.H.I.E.L.D. director Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) coordinates the unification of the super squad. The Norse god of mischief, Loki (Tom Hiddleston) returns to Earth and is out to claim the Tesseract energy cube. Faced with the monumental task of protecting humanity from the alien forces of evil, the action begins.
like straightened fingers of a palm
3. Enjoys the company of women. They like to go places where there are plenty of women to be seen. They like to go to parties, bars, pubs, and clubs. They can even bare themselves in front of them and if they have a gf they will allow her to bare too, they believe that ” You can look all you want but no touching” so gross!
We'd love for you to grab a button too - help us spread the word! (There will probably be an extra entry or two in it for ya!)
Colleen rescued a couple of them, picking them up and bringing them to the dry, warm rocks to sit in sun and dry out.
1 whole egg, beaten
In general, you spend less here, and it shows, but I think only to my American "bigger is better" eyes. (And my "wedding channel obsessed since the age of 12" eyes, lol). There are lots of expensive and boring weddings, and just at many inexpensive and fantastic ones. And it really is nice to feel like the focus is more on the celebration here and not so much on how fancy and expensive the tablecloths are. However, I do feel that visually, I have specific ideas for things that I am not finding here, at any price, low or high. Whether it's just my personality, or because of my art history background, I have very strong opinions about how things should look. What's the point of studying all those masterpieces and walking around museums for hours if I'm not allowed to say with confidence "this looks nice, this does not"? (joking! kind of . . .)
2. A Hendrix song of dreams lost and found. Perfect for today.
Do you have any Cinco de Mayo plans? After the hubs and I are done at a high school function he has to attend, we are planning to get out for at least one margarita. It just wouldn’t be right if we didn’t -- gotta stay true to his heritage. :) (My father-in-law was from Mexico.)
“The Lonely Island – I’m on a Boat!” featuring Noah and the Somali pirates on the remix
is bore your reader. After I finished the first draft of my novel I went back and read it, and guess what? One of the main characters completely bored me. At that point I had a decision to make. Go with what I had written and try to find some other way to punch up the character or completely rework the character and thus the story.
Miracle on 34th Street – 1
I’ve spent my whole life shaping myself. My personality. My image. My style.
These are the worst memories because they are so emotionally conflicting. A man I love(d) took part in the worst years of my life. A man I loved didn’t think twice about stealing what was left of my childhood.
I texted: “There’s value in them getting a raw score, not just biased in favour of excessive revision.”
MV & EE, Live Road
She replied, “It was hard to go against expectations and live differently but you can always choose.”
I also let him know that by buying into everything the Worthless Co-Worker had told him he had actually hamstrung the boss on doing a part of his job. That being making sure the Worthless Co-Worker did her job. Ever since this charade started she was just getting worse and the boss was treating her with kid gloves because he was scared of losing his job. Something had to give.
As we reflect on our brief and precious lives, let us also remember that they are but a transition to a long and blissful eternity. Teresa of Avila encourages us, "Remember you have but one soul; that you have only one death to die; that you have only one life, which is short and has to be lived by you alone; and there is only one glory, which is eternal. If you do this, there will be a great many things about which you care nothing."
I think that both of my charming co-writers—Lindsey and dgobs, respectively—took the right approach on this question. They both weighed out how much they’d spend on each of their ventures and gave some background as to why they’d spend the money on said ventures.
Okey Dokey, so with boring definitions out of the way are we all on the same page? Are we ready to check out some countries as examples of how this works?
635 D-XI/12/1972. “Richard Weaver’s Ideas Have Consequences: A Quarter Century Later.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. See Item D-Spring/1948, above.
.....he’s taught me to accept life as it is instead of what I think it should be (although I still have a long way to go before I'll reach his level of acceptance)
They can be used in either a sweet or a savoury fashion. In fact lemons are brilliant both ways so I hope that we shall see an interesting variety of entries this month!
3. Organization - I am not a very organized person. I have piles of stuff everywhere. I am going to try to lead a more organized life this year. I am going to be busy, so I'll need it!
Oh yeah, dat’s right, dey flew da coop,
Weighing all the duPont factors, the Board found confusion likely, and it affirmed the Section 2(d) refusal.
Looking out at the utter stillness from the window seat in my bedroom gable, I wondered if God might not have gotten sick of watching that blizzard stirring up so much trouble down on earth, and decided to just suck up the last of it into the Milky Way.
A couple of weeks ago we had an usually warm, sunny spell for this time of year which had Londoners scrambling at the opportunity to wear summery clothes and enjoy the sunshine. I was expecting to find nothing in pastel hues in my wardrobe, but lo and behold, seek hard enough Veshoevius and ye shall find. This is mostly shopped from the wardrobe. I found a patchwork suede coat and a vintage beaded cardigan I've had for years in a similar shade of pale blue. I also pulled out last year's blush pink maxi skirt, which I suspect is going to prove very useful this season! But I couldn't resist this very sweet bird print shell top which is the new purchase. Oasis - all is now forgiven on your Stargate of last season for bringing a print this unashamedly pretty into my life! And I'm wearing some vanilla espadrilles (not seen).
Alex Gordon - The Cards Your Mom Threw Out (seeing a few of these on the blogs lately...)
If you are associated with Whitesboro Middle School, you know that there are monsters disrupting the educational process within the school. No matter how much time, effort, and intervention is given to these monsters, they continue to wreak havoc throughout the school. These monsters truly have a negative impact on both students and teachers.
Tanya Huff – The Vengeful Spirit Of Lake Nepeakea
Am I good enough, Lord?
Want to learn more? watch this:
"You've built up this idea about me, this ideal, but I'm not that person. I'm not perfect. I am far from perfect. I'm not worth such a beautiful story."
pour the milky mixture into flour bowl and mix everything together
We sat outside with the G'ma, and had a nice meal full of giggles, only G'ma didn't know what our silent giggles were about. We would just smile at her and ask her how her meal is when she'd catch us smiling too much.
Sorry about the lack of posting lately. My grandfather recently passed away. I have been in Orlando for the past five days. I am back in Austin now and ready to step it up, blogwise.
He chimed back in, “…not the body, when you’re dead you’re dead, but the humanity….the humanity is there preserved between the pages.” I love how a story, even one hundreds of pages long, is a snapshot…of a person…of a place…of a time or experience, it is captured in our account of them. As soon as its written you are different, things are different and some truths aren’t even the truths any more. I thought of Alice:
they have what is called "math homework" when he completes 5 of the activities listed then he gets to pick a prize out of the box at school
I hope you enjoyed my Sephora Wishlist for spring and summer. Let me know what is your spring and summer beauty Wishlist!!
For his contribution to the recording industry, Frank Luther has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1708 Vine Street.
Have a beautiful week!
Open-ended questions typically begin with words such as “Why” and “How”, or phrases such as “Tell me about…”. Often they are not technically a question, but a statement which implicitly asks for a response.
Still his two feet fascinated them more and more newly with each step.
There is another level but I’m not quite ready for that yet; this is where you can pitch to the Agent, Peter Cox. I don’t plan to pitch to any agent until I finish the book – and then I’ll want to research and discover which agents cover the material I’m writing. Roll on the day I can type THE END on the first novel to get there!
150g baby spinach
There are people who use someone very occasionally, as if it is love.
and then throw something unexpected...
Why does it matter what this person writes about the police? Because she represents people who complain about the police and she writes in national newspapers. The judiciary, the public and editorial teams need to know her real views and intentions.
First off, her name is Tara Felder the owner of Jot Papers in Columbia, SC. An amazing graphic designer that has over the past 4 years developed quite a portfolio of beautiful custom stationery. If you want anything custom that has to do with paper and design....she is your girl!
One place I wanted to go, out of a certain morbid curiosity, was the National Museum. It was right off the Plaza, but I had decided to wait until later in the day to go. The building is pretty nice.
Hawkins shook his head and opened the door for Sister Sarah. "Goodbye, Jack. Thanks for talking to us."
Last year he got lucky because his mom was with us around Christmas time and a request was shot out from him. Of course, his mom granted his wish and made Lamingtons. I think I had just one piece of it and even though it was super tempting to grab and eat more, I saved it all for him to finish :-)
But you know what? Moving on with my life becomes difficult when, after a year of not getting a single damn alert even though I had proof my name had been mentioned on friend's blogs, you suddenly start working again.
I just thought I would share it with you guys.
Ms. Oakley's most recent blog comment DSM-5 Autistic Spectrum Disorder Disaster is as direct and to the point as the title itself. She pulls no punches in ripping (deservedly) the DSM-5's failure to acknowledge the serious and fundamental autism problem of self-injurious behavior:
Young, white youth were forced to engage in a war not of their own making and were brainwashed with hatred for black people who demanded nothing more than racial coalescence and fruitful co-existence as a nation with the sole conscience of respect for humanity.
‘‘Well, it’s Linda Eastman, isn’t it?’’ says the girl. ‘‘And who is Linda Eastman?’’ asks the reporter.
#725 - Limite (1931) - (#751 on TSPDT) An experimental film from the early days of Brazilian cinema. Well, anyone who follows this site and/or has read past entries in My Quest knows my somewhat strong aversion to the so-called art of experimental cinema. Still though, this film does have some interesting moments to it, but as is the case with much of experimental cinema, it just goes on way too long. Ah well, it least it was not Stan Brakhage.
To reuse a metaphor, it's death metal Coca-Cola. It's not new Coke, it's not diet Coke, and it's definitely not Cherry or Vanilla coke, what with their increased sweetness....
4. Now add your Soy Bean Cheese that you got at the Asian grocery store. This one has chilis but yours doesn't have to. Spread this stuff around the top. Holly go lightly because this stuff packs a whollup. It's like a stinky gorganzola. A little dab'll do ya.
Seitan Potato Hash
steal the breath from their chests
roll; wrap in wax paper, and chill at least 2
Cosying up to oil-rich dictators?
Live your life. Be weird. And crush the cardboard that binds you!
and the tobacconist in the Ziegfeld Theatre and
Some of us dabble with matters of faith, trying out this religion, or that religion, this church, or that church.
He needs to find a doctor
I posted this Staples deal on Facebook, but not the blog. I didn't want to go out of my way & waste gas for $3, but I was headed to a party in Newbury Park on Saturday (the last day of the deal), and wanted to do some deals that were on the way. Since I would be driving past the Oxnard Staples, I stopped by to see if they were still accepting the coupons. I had read different stories about limits, etc... even though the coupon said "Limit one per person per day".
It's funny, if you were to tell someone from a modern society that you were planning on stocking up on food and water, they most likely would write you off as a quack.
John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man comes to the Father but by me.
The man
Our History:
Blessings on this 'life lesson' Sunday!
For as long as she can recall Bryn Halbrook has seen a golden aura around certain people, and it is only when her new best friend Joshua dies that she understands the glow means death. Bryn struggles to adapt to a new town and a new foster home while trying to deal with the guilt of being unable to save her friend. Until mysterious biker-boy, Aidan Lee arrives.
As America and Europe become ever more swamped by immigrants, ever more elaborate language and chicanery is being employed to mask anti white racism, using terms such as 'inclusiveness' and 'Diversity and Gender Recruitment' instead of the more obvious 'Affirmative Action' and 'positive Discrimination'.
‘At least I’ll have a life without you.’
It is also worth noting that these Hispanic immigrants are often Roman Catholic. That means they are less likely to abort their children than someone who practices black liberation theology. It helps explain why Hispanics are now 15% of the United States population while blacks constitute only 12%.
But after the dust clears, after people resume their normal, those who were directly affected by such loss, are left to deal. To pick up where they left off, even though they can never really find that place. For his sister to hold on tight to the memory of what exactly his face looked like. For his wife to remind herself daily what it felt like to wrap her arms around him so she will never forget. For his brother to recall exactly how his voice sounded when he laughed. For his parents to remember the pride that he brought them. And ultimately for everyone left to explain to two beautiful babies why they won't get to see their daddy again on this earth.
You are loved most profoundly,
J.D: Um, Mr. Coleman, the hepatitis is doing a number on your liver. You’re obviously very jaundiced… Yellow! Oh, “mellow yellow,” I get it! That’s funny.
For Valentine's Day, he surprised me with a weekend getaway to New York. This was my first vacation sans Lea, and I'd be lying if I said I wasn't hesitant about leaving her, even if it was only for three days. That's the longest I've EVER been away from her. I was so afraid she'd take her first steps or learn a new word while I was gone... So with my fingers crossed that no major milestones would be missed, Lain and I set off for a romantical, grown-up weekend in the city that doesn't sleep.
Thank you Abba, Father, for your goodness...each and every day.
With who?
Back in September, I posted an entry wondering if the seeming ubiquity of preschool attendance for three-to-five year olds around our neighborhood made it an unavoidable necessity for my own children to go to preschool (The link is here). My biggest concern in that post was how my children would learn to interact socially with their peers if they were with me while everyone else was at preschool. In many respects I was not actually trying to answer this question in my post. My intent was more to highlight, and vent my frustration at, one of those moments in parenting when the choices others make significantly constrict or complicate my own range of options.
Though there are definitely unschooling parents/teens who don't have very good relationships with their teens/parents, it seems that the majority of unschoolers really and truly do. Which to me, is a wonderful thing to see. And I believe the reason for that is actually pretty simple.
I: What about the IRM and the whole Guru Controversy? Your husband Yaduraj is very involved with that?
In 1 tbsp oil/ghee fry one sliced onion. Add half a scraped coconut, tamarind, haldi and dry roast for a while.
3/4 lb ripe tomatoes
They need to be repealed, scrapped. But we should not stop with them. There are many more examples of laws and regulatory regimes that should be buried under the ash heap of history. Fannie And Freddie should be broken up and sold off to private interests. The FDA and the EPA should be scrapped, or at least massively scaled back, and made to be reactive agencies as opposed to the proactive monstrosities that actively look for the slightest excuse to levy fines and injunctions. All of these government boondoggles should be either scrapped or reined in sharply, and several cabinet departments should be phased out as well.
excellent report of the Farouk
So the next day we met with the specialist. The entire office is SO sweet, and our specialist is no different. That appointment was hard. That's when we learned the truth. The details. Exactly what we were facing.
and all that I had done.
Hi everyone! Back with more layouts!! I told ya I'd have lots for you this week :) I'm working on scrapping all of my beach and pool summer photos from this past year so I have some fun bright and colorful layouts to share.
5. Let 2,3, & 4 be well cooked under moderate fire, while stirring now and then. Add a little water if ingredients gets too dry.
Yesterday I was way late with my sketch saturday challenge and only just scrapped in before it closed. This week I'm super early and already finished! I LOVED this sketch and had an image that I'd already coloured on hand, so it was nice and quick. The other reason is that I'm here on my lonesome ;-( ....or should that be a :-) ?? The kids are spending some time with their Aunt and Dan is working. The housework is done so it's just me, season two of One Tree Hill and some sketch challenges LOL.
Meanwhile, Joe Oliver, Zimmerman’s longtime friend, told Good Morning America Monday that no matter how the case comes out — even if the shooting is ruled justified — ‘George has virtually lost his life, too.’
I have way too many words on my assignment. Ever noticed I talk too much?
So many things that should have been accomplished by now.
Some would prefer it wasn’t. As I’ve written elsewhere on this blog, Birth of a Nation is an irredeemably racist film; and despite being a groundbreaking technical achievement for its time—and a supremely well-made film for all time—it will never again be appreciated more than reviled. Things were once much different, of course. Audiences in 1915, while not unified in praise, still made Birth of a Nation the most profitable silent in history. It received presidential sanction and rejuvenated a then-moribund Ku Klux Klan. It was long hailed as the greatest of U.S. motion pictures, despite this.
Current Month Return: -20.68%
‘this will all end badly’ ‘Wanted hillbilly lads.’
Oh how I wish I was granted this one particular gift fantastica.
Opposed to that, The Financial Mail, in a single short leader, deplored the overkill, describing this latest bout of Mandela mania as "embarrassing." Unquestionably, the ANC's sharp-suited PR people did go overboard. What's worse, we've been here a good many times before. Who will forget when our martyr-hero was released from Victor Verster Prison on February 11, 1990?
For the sake of this being a shorter post, I will simply end by enumerating what I need to do to get where I want to be with them. Build three more sets of 3′x3′ cages (possibly a stacked cage system if I can work it out), setup, regulate and ensure the proper working of a drip watering system so I don’t have to fill bowls or bottles all of the time, and buy or build some one day feeders with fines screens to eliminate the amount of dust that gets into their bowls.
Heaven 17 are to perform on The Good Time Guide Stage on Friday 13th July. Best known for 1980s hits “Temptation”, “Come Live With Me”, and “Crushed By The Wheels Of Industry”, the band have released a total of 27 singles and 8 studio albums since their inception back in 1980.
* Brightness / Contrast
Apparently, the 4th blockage was so narrow, my consultant couldn't even get into it. There was inflammation in between the narrow bits, or "active disease" as they like to call it. The whole ulcerated, pussy, bleeding mess of it is gonna have to go.
Now, this set me to thinking about which genre has the longest shelf-life. And it seems to me that it ought to be historical fiction, which doesn’t risk being overtaken by events or fashion. But historical fiction risks assault from those within its own ranks (our Faye Booth is a case in point) who want to give conventional views of the past a good shake, and say, no, it wasn’t like that, it was like this.
In other news, I have tons of post ideas swirling around in my head, and if they continue to swirl around in there they will soon actually make it into blog posts! Some of the things I'm planning on writing about are:
- This is also the first Zelda title to introduce side quests, from hunting Secret Seashells to discovering hidden photograph spots.
Is it some illness, perhaps, or lack of resources?
Mjøen G, Saetre DO, Lie RT, Tynes T, Blaasaas KG, Hannevik M, Irgens LM. Paternal occupational exposure to radiofrequency electromagnetic fields and risk of adverse pregnancy outcome. Eur J Epidemiol 2006; 21: 529-535.
Woman has a busy day.
Time for self
Thank you so much Amy!
My soul is soaring with happiness and bursting with smiles at the memories I'm anticipating for the future!
Bridget:
You're the best minions ever and I love you ever so much.
The tour starts with the tour guide outfitting passengers in headlamps, gloves and tubes. Believe it or not, the trickiest part of the adventure was learning how to feel for the headlamp switch with thick gloves on. You need the lamp in the dark tunnels and I did not want to be floating around in pitch black caverns so I spent extra time perfecting my light switching technique. I also brought my own water shoes which turned out to be a good idea because the area is one of the wettest places in the world and it gets really muddy. Our group jumped into a four-wheel drive jeep and headed through the lush lands to the mountains. The vistas and valleys are spectacular, as you can see from the image above. You really get a sense of connecting with nature. One connection I didn't count on was how frigid the water would be. My booty felt like a Popsicle as I hopped into a ditch on top of the tube and floated until we came to a cave. We were instructed to turn our headlamps on and it was eerie and exciting floating through the dark with glimpses of cave walls and markings left by workers who built the system in 1870, which offered a great historical backdrop. Afterwards, a simple picnic lunch is served in a picturesque valley. It's a three-hour tour that really supplies an engaging view of Kaua'i nature and history.
Matt's been so busy with the nursery that I haven't been able to use him for a helping hand. But that's ok... I have huge plans with my sewing machine...and some paint. :)
The largest mud brick building in the world is the Great Mosque of Djenné in Mali.
actually seen before),
- In Logan County, Colorado, USA, it is still illegal to kiss a woman while she is asleep.
The small Pacific Island nation of Kiribati has become a global conservation leader by declaring the Phoenix Islands a protected area to ensure its biological diversity and sustainability. It is a California-sized ocean wilderness of pristine coral reefs and rich fish populations threatened by over-fishing and climate change. The Phoenix Islands Protected Area (PIPA) conserves one of the Earth’s last intact oceanic coral archipelago ecosystems, consisting of eight coral atolls and two submerged reef systems in a nearly uninhabited region of abundant marine and bird life. Located near the equator in the Central Pacific between Hawaii and Fiji, the Phoenix Islands form an archipelago several hundred miles long. They are part of the Republic of Kiribati, which comprises three distinct island groups (Gilbert Islands, Phoenix Islands and Line Islands) with a total of 33 islands to make it the largest atoll nation in the world. The 410,500-square-kilometer (158,453-square-mile) protected area also includes underwater mountains and other deep-sea habitat.
The best advice I can give you is to check at your local shop first. They won't be able to order a Petei canvas for you, but if they have some in stock, you may get lucky. Anyone who can travel should also check each local needlework shop they visit, just in case. Hopefully online shops will continue to highlight any Petei canvases they have so that folks can pick up the few they wanted.
When you judge, if you judge, that can get in the way of the flow.
brooches and cashmere
(*Please Note: This is an older posting to the Catholic Mothers Online Blog. To read more recent posts, please click on the header. However -- this *is* the correct posting to sign up for the blog roll.*)
Circuit - I have a standard running circuit that is quite by chance exactly 4 miles long. That makes it good for multiple circuits (if a bit depressing when you have to run past your own house and you know you've got another 4 miles ending in a big hill before you can stop). It goes down by the river which is nice - and a lot of people have said they like running by the river, but unless you actually live next to the river it is always uphill on the way home. For the first time this year I did this circuit today. Yet again I tried to do a gentle jog. Yet again I totally failed and ended up with the fastest average pace so far despite taking lots of pictures. It did give me a good time to look for C words though - except my naughty brain just kept coming back to the 'C' word - especially running up that c***ing hill back home.
R and I take turns showering and being with the boy. By 6pm, we’re both cleaned up, Bram has been nursed and changed, and there are two fresh bottles for him in the fridge. Our loving and trusted sitter arrives in time for our date night. We feel incredibly safe about leaving Bram with her. They have a good relationship and we can always tell that Bram has been well-cared for when we come home to him. She even does the dishes and plays with the cats while Bram sleeps. She’s a Godsend and we always fall over ourselves trying to pay her more money, which she will only reluctantly accept.
It was a wonderful time!
Next one is a Hero Arts stamp - I simply had to have it at the time (you know how this is I'm sure) anyway, I've used it once. It is red rubber - it is stained black as I used StazOn ink on it, however, it is clean. It's taking up room and I'd rather someone else make a home for it.
We’re going to paint next weekend. Going to move the mantel back out of the apartment today and see if the awful, ugly dirty phone cable snaking up the wall can be removed, the one that was stapled from one side of the kitchen to the other in a particularly lame retrofit. I already have one wall done up in Lose Your Security Deposit green. The wall next to it, this new one, is going to be painted gold. And maybe we can find a match for the Landlord Off-White the other walls are already painted and touch them up. This mantel, which doesn’t go around a fireplace since I don’t have one, and is simply bolted to the wall was a bit of salvage found the mantel on the sidewalk, when Steffanie was visiting here three or four years ago. I’ll miss being reminded of that fact whenever I look to the wall but it’s time to fix things up, make it all cleaner and brighter.
Here are some of the flowers I have in a few of my beds! I haven't ever seen any like these before and I just fell in LOVE with them!
There are still a few people left in this world who live in a truly beautiful way,
This tutorial is something that I feel like sharing, just so you, the soap maker can get some ideas. This is not meant for you to copy exactly, just please use it as a guide. I will try to get as much tutorials posted to help all of you crafty soap makers. Now once again, this is for those who already have been making soap, so, I wont be giving away any formulas. I’m gonna keep it simple, SOAP MAKERS WILL UNDERSTAND;) HAPPY SOAP MAKING!!
As it would be impossible otherwise, I picked the tiniest ones out of the sets and decided to take them home with me. But I couldn't, as the clerk didn't speak English, and I no Korean beyond restaurant lingo. She stood shaking her head, then her hand, bowing intermittently in between, smiling, yet not budging. I stood nodding, trying to speak, failing, repeat for an hour. Then I burst into tears, crying.
HDR photography consist in going over the physical limit of the sensor increasing the extended dynamic gamma... READ MORE
How many rounds will be involved in the design call:
Then I had a brainwave. I bought another Buddha, not quite so serene as the dentist’s but looking as if he knew a thing or two about giving your common or garden devil a pretty hard time of it. I didn’t know quite what my game plan was – I think I thought I was starting a Buddha war and that my Buddha would turn up trumps.
fresh ground pepper
River Island’s Spring/Summer collection is full of the retro American spirit, which I can’t stop gushing about!
Well everybody, I am almost done with my “required” time as being a flexitarian, or someone who eats as a vegetarian during the weekdays with the flexibility of eating meat on the weekends. With only two days left, I think I can look back on my promise with pride. I have not eaten a non-vegetarian meal on any weekday in almost four weeks. The personal changes were a little hard to make. Since I am a big fan of meat, it took my body a couple of days to switch into vegetarian mode. After getting over what I called the “DREADED THREE DAY HUMP,” I felt like it was pretty easy to eat vegetarian. The interesting thing was that I already ate a lot of vegetarian food without really realizing it. I also found out that some “veggie style” food was actually quite tasty! For example:
And the moon stopped,
This past January I had been with the company just 3 weeks and was in the middle of a VERY steep learning curve when I had the pleasure of ‘sitting in’ on Dr. Fratkin’s seminar. It didn’t take long for me to realize I was in WAY over my head! I did my best to follow what he was teaching, however, it was like listening to a Master Mechanic explain how to overhaul a transmission!
Multiple Screens
The security guard on the steps in front of the memorial building watches as tears splash down my cheeks. I do not look at his face. He asks me my name. I have nothing to tell him. He asks me who I am waiting for. Jack still does not come and the whispers are telling me that he is gone for good.
But what's prized is the fruit it self. Tiny and round bitter goodies. Some folks are not aware that this is so good as well, they only know of the balang a paria leafy greens. The most bitter-loving Ilokano folk loves to roast the freshly-harvested fruit over live embers and then lace it with bugguong and adorn it with sliced tomatoes and onions.
*Another way to decide on How many papers to buy - Buy 1 newspaper per person in your family. For a Family of 4, buy a minimum of 4 papers a week. If you are just starting to build a stockpile buy more papers, someone who already has a stockpile will probably buy less.
Unless your story takes place in a country club and everyone talks like they have a rod up their ass, formality is your enemy. One way to make dialog less formal is to use contractions.
- 2 cloves garlic
that I can't get up.
Keep breathing... and running!
Thanks for all of you who entered and made my contest oh so fun! :D
Therefore when corrected, especially by a lower belt, that ego is hard to suppress. So here are the 4 simple steps to open mindedness – What you should do when confronted with a correction:
For instance, if someone who is not particularly emotionally close to you makes a hurtful or insensitive comment about your infertility, sometimes the best thing might be to just pretend they never said it at all. Let's say Great-Aunt Mabel gets on your case for not having children yet, observing that after all, you aren't getting any younger. You could try to correct her--but since she's 97 years old, she's not likely to alter her behavior. You could allow the hurt of her words to seep inside, stirring up all the painful issues of which you are struggling. Or you could pretend, as Ruth Bader Ginsberg might suggest, that you just didn't hear that comment at all, and completely change the subject. After all, Aunt Mabel clearly doesn't have a good understanding of the situation, and she isn't a source of emotional support. Her opinion is not valid in this situation, and it will not be of any help to you.
We are in Favor of Iran Having Nuclear Weapons, Not Just Energy for Peaceful Purposes
Oh…..god…no….
Thanks for sticking with me over the past 2 months, I promise to get back to posting more often. Hopefully I'll be back to every couple days in no time.
I saw muscles in his neck
Miles 5-7
Rogue.
Well, I hate to break it to you, but chances are you're really really fat. What do you mean how do I know? I simply know, don't be confused by the mirror, it is controlled by the Government who lies to you just so you can feel better and distracted from what's really going on. But trust me, my friend, trust me: you're fat.
And understand that greed, theft and corruption have become so commonplace in the government and regular workforce that it is hard to succeed without succumbing to these traits. So this is not a call for torches and pitchforks. That is not necessary, appealing as it may be to some. The whole thing can be reversed. The same people in power can be made to give back the wealth of our nation without bloodshed and hatred, and while continuing to reap huge rewards for their service to the public instead of the corporation. This perhaps, is the best reason to listen to Walter Burien – the man with the golden solution.
Monday, October 22nd–I watched “The 400 Blows.”
Is that, well is it, Winnie the Pooh’s head?
This morning I listened to the latest update on Syria, etc. And then, BBC discussed a South African singer who’d been missing/buried for more than a year. His family thought he was dead. Anyway, he reappeared, claiming that...wait for it...he’d been resurrected and held captive by zombies. Honestly. That’s what he claims. His family, according to the BBC, is divided about whether they believe him.
Is dying to-night or lying still awake
Can you share with us a favorite book you have read?
Since there was quite a bit of slack time today I did a fair amount of walking (yes, I am getting a little more exercise these days) and meditating. My New Year’s resolution, in addition to staying alive, is to work harder on the enlightenment stuff. I’ll probably sign up for a retreat sometime this spring.
6. Betrayal Takes Two
it's because A. I'm cheap
Like all other beetles, this deathwatch beetle preserved in amber that dates back to the Eocene epoch (54 to 37 million years ago) possesses very interesting characteristics. During their larval stage, deathwatch beetles store the nutrients they need as fat tissue and use them during their adult stage, not taking on any further nutrients from the outside. These insects, which live in wood, are able to digest cellulose with the help of bacteria and fungi in their stomachs.
I know the best thing is to be positive; it’s just difficult when what could maybe be one small speed bump actually feels like Mount Kilimanjaro.
Today's outfit is brought to you courtesy of having to rush to get the munchkin on the school bus. I had no time for a clothes-tastrophe and so I reached for the one item in my closet that never lets me down....my gray shell!!! I can put it with ANYTHING and it just always WORKS!!! I wish I could wear it every day. I want more of them...in black, brown, pink, and maybe even cream. I don't know. But this works so well every time I need it to.
I met T later. He asked me how I got on, and then he asked me "did you tell her how very unhappy I am with the lack of progress?"
“Whoever does right, whether male or female, and is a believer, all such will enter the Garden”. The textbook author left out this bit, from this hadith: al-Bukhaari, 3241; Muslim, 2737: ”It was narrated from the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) that women will form the majority of the people of Hell. It was narrated from ‘Imraan ibn Husayn that the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said: “I looked into Paradise and I saw that the majority of its people were the poor. And I looked into Hell and I saw that the majority of its people are women.”
For instance, David Shannon Harrison makes careful drawings full of literary and personal references. Using cross hatching and repetitive pencil marks, Harrison seemingly builds the drawings up into something, either making muddy compositions or fascinating, fully realized, images. Dr. Faustus and . . . er . . . friend is particularly striking, depicting two figures, one of the famously troubled intellectual and the other presumably either of Mephastophilis or some other hellish beast. The monster is a misty character, maybe an apparition or a loosely manicured bush, but is provocative just the same. Jared Sheldon’s work might be a counterpoint to Harrison’s, presenting a whimsical collection of small to medium sized drawings using collage as well as acrylic and pencil. Loosely structured surrealist visions, they present a sort of Disneyland in spin cycle series of cartoonish motifs. Done mostly in light aqua blues and greens, the works remind one of Matta’s dancing blobs or maybe an unusually upbeat Gorky.
slowly but surely, if you look through the chaos, you see the light.
So much for our defence departments working together for the security of the nation. Instead we get departmental back-biting and infighting, attempting to preserve old rivalries.
Any road up I want to talk about some singers I think I like quite a lot but not enough to recommended by various sources of note I am not suggesting you aim to enjoy what I say here here.
2010.08.26 Thailand Pattani 1 0 A 42-year-old civilian dies from injuries after being shot twice in the chest by Muslim militants.
52. The House of the Spirits - Isabel Allende
I would not know how it feels to have your name tarnished, should Mendoza be right, but this I am sure: you do not put anyone in danger for your own personal gain.
We stopped at Rocket Grilled Subs for lunch-it seems to be our new favorite place! When we went a couple weeks ago I commented that the lady working there must have been having a bad day because she wasn't very friendly. Today she was very nice and very friendly-I'm glad we gave it another try!!
Michael Cuscuna (no less) wrote these excellent sleeve notes:
1230 **D-XII/9(A)/1995. “On Chance and Our Access to the Good.” Staff Seminar, Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(4), above, pp. 781-83.)
of serious illness to a healthy millionaire friend of his who also
Great Divide Hercules Imperial IPA 10.0%
At first looking at the fall collection for H&M I felt excited. But then... saddened. While it will feel so good to be able to get pieces like this for cheap, by the time fall rolls around this trend might have blown up to a point of no return. I hope I'm wrong cause I really like punk rock and biker style and it would be hard to watch it get abused.
17 different
Wish the Words,
1 bag caramels of 49 caramels
The main library at Notre Dame is a tall building with a mural outside showing Jesus with his arms raised to heaven. The building faces the end of the football stadium where the students sit, so of course, it’s called “Touchdown Jesus.”
-Prost!
Preheat the oven to 175°C. Mix all the ingredients together but keep some of the blackberries for the top. Bake for about 15 to 20 minutes.
9. Your blog will morph and change and take on an identity all of it's own. When I started out, I hardly ever wrote about writing. Now I do it all the time. Why? Because that's what I do. Because people ask me questions and I like to answer them. Because the Friends of Fibro seem to like them. Because I spend so much of my time writing that it's hard to overlook. And because blogs are best when they're true to what's going on in the blogger's life. Which is why I haven't written about my tomatoes this year. Crop failure.
The most wide-spread, numerous, and geographically diverse chickadee, this chicken cheers winter weather days at chicken bird feeders and desperately uses home containers. It is inquisitive, with little or no worry of people, and it is well-known for voluntarily, after a little “training,” taking seed and crazy from the hand. During slip postbreeding actions, its deafening little events usually contain titmice, nuthatches, woodpeckers, and other types. The calls of a run of black-cappeds in the slip often transmission the use of migrant warblers and vireos. Polytypic. Length 5.3" (13 cm).
I’m gonna go cuddle with the barking zombies.
What is also upsetting is that I am finding that I have insecurities that have developed over the past 2+ years due to someone else's insecurities or issues. I am self-conscious about things based on allowing another person to project their ideas or issues onto me.
Drumming has put me in a totally excellent mood. I think I've discovered the cure to PMS.
The London Eye was expensive, over 50 pounds ($75 AU) but totally worth it. The views are amazing and seeing Big Ben from this angle just confirmed that Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament are my favourite buildings in London. Despite being wonderful, the London Eye isn't something you would do again its just too expensive.
Dispel the clouds on that endless horizon
Minh's match spring punch combines vodka, raspberries, cassis, lemon and sugar topped with champagne but to be honest, we're most excited by the plastic monkey hanging off the edge of the glass.
In 2011, C.A.R.E trapped 203 cats. The cats are taken to low-cost spay/neuter clinics that usually charge around $30 an animal. One clinic in Georgetown is only for feral cats — cats that cannot be a pet — and charges only $15. The animal’s ear is clipped so trappers can identify the cats that had already been spayed or neutered. Each animal is given a standard four-way vaccination and a rabies shot.
Punches: EK Success medium Retro, Carla Crafts small cosmos flower
THE NEXT BRAVE NEW WORLD - INSURANCE PATENTS: According to Risk & Insurance, patenting insurance policies and other financial vehicles is a growing trend. Insurers, investment bankers and money managers are patenting aspects of policies and their administration, pricing and underwriting, as well as innovative financial products and services.
Design and Performance
Ali’s mother, Dorothy, relayed to friends at Ali’s funeral that she was amazed at how well Ali was able to handle herself when she was barely over 100 pounds, carrying a gun and transporting prisoners. Ali also worked part time as a dispatcher for the Creek County Sheriff’s Department. When Ali wasn’t doing one thing, she was doing another. Ali loved this life and appreciated her opportunity to be involved in law enforcement and to be an officer.
Teenage Sensation
“We have combined two existing publishing models, to provide a comprehensive, value for money service, without the rejection, time, effort and cost that can be associated with existing methods.”
And you’ll love it.
Rev. Matt Pierce, Recovery Pastor, Golden Hills Community Church, Brentwood, California
Tempura Fried Turtle Meat with pepper piquant or sweet and sour sauce.
-Cena hulks up while BROCK IS BUSTED OPEN!
Now, I'm off to the studio to get some work done.
Manufactured by Dallara, Audi’s latest LMP chassis is quite clearly a product of evolution, utilising a similarly radical (albeit simplified), raised-nose flow design pioneered by its predecessor.
We have been without power since 4pm on Saturday, cooking on a Coleman camping stove, trying to keep our food from going bad in our fridge & freezer, lighting our home with candles and sponge bathing. What a cramp. At least we have water since we are city water. Our homes are cold up here and there are shelters set up at the schools where there are generators if you need to seek that help. Luckily Adam just put in a wood stove in our fireplace early October so we are heating our home with wood and camping out in our living room. Our wood stove heats the house well with the blowing fan to push the heat around but there is no electricity for that so we have to all sleep in the living room to keep warm.
I like it better when it is shiny, which is no problem as I always smother my manicures in a thick coat of Seche Vite anyway!
I have personally been plagued with low iron stores before. As a mostly vegetarian runner (no red meat or pork and only the occasional taste of chicken, turkey, and fish), I am at risk for having my iron levels drop again. In fact, I always start to worry about my iron levels when I am mid marathon training cycle. This constant awareness caused me to stumble across this good article here about low iron levels and the impact it has on running.
I Put a Spell on You...Screamin' Jay Hawkins
The author, Hallfríður Ólafsdóttir is principal flautist of the Iceland Symphony Orchestra, mother of two young children and an experienced music teacher.
Remember: People can create a new identity online and that goes for online dating sites as well. There is no need to rush into something with someone you met on the screen. Take your time and get to know them.
One of the spies, Inga Arvad, was apparently working for the NAZIs during WWII when JFK slept with her.
So, where am I?
STUDIO: Universal
Moderator: Mary Beckie (University of Alberta)
Having observed the assignment desk area with the NFL Network- I know how diligent they are with their breaking news. I am sure that they saw the news hit as soon as we did. I’m also sure they began calling everyone from police to team contacts for a confirmation and refused to report the news until they had solid facts confirmed.
across a road, across an alkali flat,
Charlie the Painter: Red, green, blue, yellow, white.
Thank you so much for reading! I am and always will be learning and would love to learn from you guys, so please don’t hesitate to give me a message! Questions, challenges, book suggestions, anything! I would be glad to hear from you!
3rd photo: I lost my knuckles! My left hand was so swollen by the IV! Thank goodness I had removed my wedding rings!!
Through my MBA and work experience, I developed expertise in finance, marketing, and business strategy. These are fantastic skills for constructing a business plan and pitching to investors, which I spent much of the spring and summer of 2008 focusing my energies on.
Purse: Violin from a Chinese manufacturer on ebay
Why I Will Never be Freshly Pressed
They use the power of nostalgia and remind you of the odler adverts you used to grow up with. These apparently help remind you of a time of grandeur were you are deluded into believing things were better than they were today and people were more reliable and it meant something to be part of something.
May 21:Local Film Night including We Of The West Riding, directed by Ken Annakin in 1945 (Picturedrome, 7.30pm)
But at least he wasn't falling. He was sitting on something warm. Oh, and light colored. He was supposed to try to change colors. "If only I'd paid better attention in versicolor school," he thought. But it was just too much trouble.
-learn to surf
If you've read previous posts, you may know that Lindyhopper is not a fan of 'weird stuff' when it comes to food - she was kind enough to go along for my sake, but skipped the charcuterie and on the small plates menu went for the Chicken & Waffles house-made waffle, maple glaze, sage butter ($16) which pre-dinner research had revealed was a crowd fav at Wood and Vine. And the chicken didn't disappoint (though the waffle could have been served at much hotter temperature).
This week really is going to be perfect, as we have some big decisions to make and need a ton of prayer. Plus, I will be going to the coast for a couple of days (without the hubs or baby–eek!) and am excited for the chance to pray more (case in point: while trying to do the daily prayer together this morning, the hubs and I were interrupted by a screeching baby clinging to our legs, one who was very tired due to waking up at 11pm and 5:30am–may He protect us through the storm of toddlerhood indeed).
11/3 - San Antonio, TX - Scout Bar
Dwina Gibb told media that Robin had awoken during the playing of the composition he and son, Robin-John had written as a commemorative piece for the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic. Entitled, Titanic Requiem, it was a work of passion for Gibb who has held a life-long fasicnation for the fateful ship.
These songs were alive and kept you movin
They've made a website that is still a work in progress, but right now you can see the health info on most of the imported dogs. Some dogs were imported to other countries by other breeders (Sweden, Germany, Finland).
Grabbed a cart and off to buy in excess all the luxuries of Costco I proceeded. But something came over me. As I walked and looked and picked up and examined, I could not bring myself to purchase. I would hold the ginormous bag of frozen meatballs and wonder "how on earth am I ever going to store these?" And as I grabbed for 6-packs of tuna I pondered "do I really need 6 today?". And as I looked at the jar of sun dried tomatoes in the container larger than all the inventory of sun dried tomatoes at Coop I thought "why on earth would I need so many?"
The author understands that guns are a tool and help us secure the blessings of liberty
When - April 1-30
It was one of those Saturdays when I had to nudge myself out the door. Time after time in recent months I had, I felt, wasted gas driving around to thrift stores to only come across the same old tired junk in place after place. There is however the awareness that this business is inherently random and to succeed you have to be consistent and forge ahead. Whenever I have come across a great find it has always taken me off-guard; coming out of the blue in a sense. The usual outcome is to find nothing. That becomes your default expectation. That's a good thing too because otherwise you would be constantly disappointed.
Thursday Morning. Surgery Number 4.
Realizing that a) it was going to crash, b) jets travel at ~550MPH, c) it wasn’t headed directly away from us, d) it’s hard to know precisely what direction an object up in the sky is going, and e) I was the only one who was really noticing it — I basically screamed and yelled at all my friends there. “That jet is going down! Get the FUCK behind the house NOW! Go! Go! Go! Go!” I was running, and pushing my friends, who didn’t seem to be so concerned about it, manifesting more of a “it probably isn’t going to hit us” attitude.
“He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved.”
Cruise: 3 votes; 12%
Why oh why?
The couple counters this argument by pointing out they vacated the home and moved into a motel room after only being renters for one week.
I miss laying under it in the grass in summer just watching high up into the canopy of it and watching the birds dance secretly without being seen in the protection of this amazing tree.
Are palace communicators (e.g. Edwin Lacierda) biased towards ABS-CBN?
Before I get into the details, I just wanted to welcome anyone that’s visiting Keep It Up, David for the first time. Thank you for stopping by! I invite you to take a look around. I blog about health and weight loss (I’ve lost over 160 pounds and counting), and share what I’m eating, how I’m exercising, and all my struggles and successes. You can see lots of ‘Before’ and ‘Current’ photos in the Photo Gallery, read about my history with weight on the My Story So Far page, watch my appearance on “The Ellen DeGeneres Show,” and check out some of My Favorite Posts. If you like what you see, consider following me on Facebook or Twitter (they’re great ways to learn about new blog posts), or you can get new posts via email by hitting the “Sign Me Up” button that’s below the head-to-toe shot of me on the right.
WOW! Talk about neglecting my blog...and the rest of the social media sources I belong to. :-) Especially when there are so many new followers. So happy you found Simply Rustic. Thank you for following and as I begin again, I hope you find something enjoyable and interesting to read.
Here’s how this works…
All law is interpretation. A lawyer uses words inherently imprecise, and when a law is applied to the fact ofa new situation what lawyers do is interpret the code words to deem them appropriately or inappropriately applied to the case at hand. To view the law means to understand interpretation. Law has more to do with Critical Literacy Studies than it probably has to do with anything else.
I have read more of God’s Word than I ever have from birth. Most of that within the last four weeks. Do I feel an obligation to read it? On the basis of the free will we were given I would say no. However, I know as a follower of Christ Jesus we should (and should want to).
Students may submit any research project they’ve completed between Spring 2011 and Spring 2012. In addition, they are asked to submit a short reflective essay about the research process.
As soon as its ready to go, ill let you all know where you can find it.
Next up... Maximizing the Disney Dining Plan.
And that I honor you.
1479 D-X/25/2003. “Charles Darwin on the Moral Depravity of the Parasitical Cuckoo.” Staff Seminar, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. See Item XI/5/1978, above.
7.Outside Your Window
500 sheets / 40 = 12.5 books/pack, wich means $0.40 per book
In an opinion written by Senior Circuit Judge S. Jay Plager, the majority rejected Mayer’s position. Plager noted that the dissent’s approach would require courts to consider eligibility in practically all cases. Although standards for eligibility are “manageable” for some technologies, he noted, attempts to define what constitutes an abstract idea “have been less successful.” He observed:
-You had your first playdate on Feb. 25th
God Bless you,
I fully understand the idea of breaking a guy down in order to build them back up again, but a number of long term Captain Britain fans who've mailed or tweeted me, some who've I spoken to on forums also, genuinely see this as nothing short of a deliberate character assassination from Remender. And while I try not to jump to such overly dramatic conclusions, I have to admit, it's very hard not to agree with them.
leap of faith.
Sorry I haven't posted in a lil while i have been so busy with my comissioned orders and we had ordered new windows and doors which still havent arrived :(:( and also my Mam and I got new beds which arrived this morning yay but I will onli get 1 sleep in mine as im headin away on my hols tommorow yay I'm so excited I will be 1 of 1000 Irish youths who will be travelling to Madrid for World Youth Week to join the 300,000 that will be there lol it's gonna be amazing I hope :) It's not startin till monday but myself and the other 2 girls im goin with are heading over tommorow so will have 2 days before it starts to go and explore Madrid and we also have a day after the events finish to recuperate lol so all in all iim headin away for 10days :) Well anyway I haven't had time to enter any challenges so I thought I would show u a few bits I made for commission and for family.
Now this… this is quite a change. This is a monumental leap of faith for me. I’m giving up all of these things, all of this comfort, all of the things I have grown up with, and I’m throwing it all away. Who needs it?
We ask therefore once again for your solidarity and support for the World Courts of Women on Poverty in the United States.
My week – I did a few plein air pieces which is something I haven’t done in a few years and I do want to get back to. Here they are – by the 5th one I was almost satisfied with what I was getting.
18. The fastest growing nail is on the middle finger. And the nail on the middle finger of your dominant hand will grow the fastest of all. Why is not entirely known, but nail growth is related to the length of the finger, with the longest fingers growing nails the fastest and shortest the slowest.
So. Michael Evans!
They are rare and they are so very, very special.
Here is the abstract (emphasis mine):
I am so very glad they developed this highly advanced new website to tell me this.
Let's see. Edit "They Dreamed of Dead Ships", check.
That was fun! I'll be back next week with some more goodies from my "favorites bin"!
Ordered, ate, without very little drama…Hubs sat with the boys in a booth, I had the girls in the next one.
1 divulge
You take all of this disfunction, and selfishness, and then add the fact that I resented being "still" someones husband? I just couldn't wrap my mind around that. I AM A WOMAN! I AM NOT ANYONES HUSBAND. Men are husbands. I am a FEMALE! Gay people are not legally allowed to marry in my State. Why do I get a pass on this? BECAUSE I WAS A MALE WHEN I MARRIED HER!!! Not because I am a female that gets a loop hole to be married to another woman. This was unsettling for me as a female, as much as it was for Rene as a heterosexual woman to be now perceived as a lesbian. It was (for her) a forced pseudo lesbian relationship. But it was her actions in the relationship that reveled her imprisonment more than her words to the country ever could hide her true feelings.
The First Chronicle
And so what? Some people have more stuff than you do, big freaking deal. Capitalism is such a horrible system that our poor people live better than the rich in most of the rest of the world.
In September 2005, corporate South Africa was rocked by the violent murder of mining maverick Brett Kebble. In life, he was known as a billionaire patron of the arts, compassionate philanthropist, champion of black economic empowerment, urbane raconteur and generous host. But within six months of his death, Kebble was exposed as the architect of one of the biggest and most convoluted frauds seen by any stock exchange in the world, a flawed genius who lied and cheated and stole so cunningly that even astute auditors were fooled. By the time he died, Kebble was both broke and jobless. His legacy was a maze of convoluted transactions that would take forensic investigators months, perhaps years, to untangle. The trail would lead from one of the African continent’s oldest and most venerable mining houses to more than 100 shell companies; from the diamond fields of Angola to the new black elite in democratic South Africa s upmarket suburbs. But in the wake of Kebble s death, far darker secrets than his unorthodox and downright criminal transactions would also come to light.
Abundant love you see
Secondly, I had juvenile onset clinical depression. I would go in one sweeping moment, apropos of nothing at all, from feeling normal to barely able to think or move, and I can remember these episodes occurring when I was as young as four years old. As I got older they would happen more frequently and would last longer each time. My only defense was to simply 'blank out' and become inert. This did nothing whatsoever to further my career as 'nice' or 'pleasant'.
-- New Orleans quarterback Drew Brees was named the Associated Press NFL Offensive Player of the Year. He got 43 of 50 first place votes.
Drain, cool and slice 1/4 inch
Michael Lewis, Vanity Fair
Note the hog in the 2nd and penultimate clips looks to be quite a fatty!
Last but not least, I'm also wearing a new Chanel Rouge Coco that I splurged on during a mini-post-Bash-spree. The shade is Rivoli which is a dark berry red that can be applied relatively sheer for daytime and vamped up for night. I love it.
We miss the moving of God when we do not prepare ourselves and watch for what God is doing.
Sorry for being so long winded but I really want to remember all of this and be able to show our baby how much we wanted and prayed for him/her to come.
For example, TV has improved hugely in the last few decades, but what’s next?
Mmmmmmm, apple pie. SO glad we went apple picking this weekend!!!
What are my fantasies you might ask, well here are a few.
He reached the forefinger and thumb of his other hand and was about to pick it up by its rough edge when a great wind gust from nowhere blew the flake from his palm. Other flakes took to the wind, some pelting him, others disappearing into the night. He heard a rush in the air and felt the need to duck, as if something were flying low, accompanied by the sound like a large flag in a violent wind.
Today we celebrate Easter... the day our Lord and Savior rose from the grave. I made one more Easter card from a sample I started when I taught the Spring Fold/Double Diamond Fold card class a couple weeks ago.
It's now March and normally we are still we entrenched in winter here in Canada, but Mother Nature is a woman of many surprises. As I start this entry today, it is going up to 23 degrees! It's like Summer!
To get a better understanding of “Now”, we will take a look at the theories of relativity, next time.
Anyhow.....some random thoughts for today.
Because of the arcane way beer is distributed in Louisiana there are many beers that are never brought into our state for sale. One brewery’s beer that I have been itching to try is Dogfish Head out of Delaware. I have not been able to locate a six pack in Louisiana and a cursory check of their website confirmed my suspicions – their beer is not sold here.
I don’t know when and how you will find me…But hopefully, very soon…And if it’s too dark when you start looking for me then use the light of the moon to lead you to me…Until now this vision that I have of you I can barely see your face…Your touch is electrifying, but
761 D-V/7/1978. “On Virgil’s Aeneid.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
3)Would there be a first kiss to go with the first date?
I chuckled, not because of the image it conjured up but because he is forever putting an unnecessary 's' at the end of people's names: Cliff Richards, Roger Moores, you get my drift, although he gets very cross when people call him Mr Griggs.
Were I you, my friend,
(Hey, eighteen years without a kiss! I had a lot of making, er, up to do!)
At first sight Mr Self's article smacks of snobbery. He reprises the usual line about novelists not living up to and failing to capitalise on their innovative and modernist moment in the first decades of the 20th century, namely, James Joyce's Ulysses, Proust's Remembrance of Things Past and Virgina Woolf's Mrs Dalloway. Had it carried on in the same vein, Will's article would have ended up in the recycling bin. But his outing contains so many gems, that not discussing them with you, my dear readers and fellow bloggers, is tantamount to treason.
What did suck was that something was either wrong with some of the film or something happened in the developing process itself to create crazy colors and light patterns on the film. Granted, some of the film was expired and it was expected that the results be "off" but this was also the case on some of the "new" film. We may get dust spots on digital, but you can't easily fix this kind of color banding problem when the actual film negative has been destroyed or altered in some way. Strike 4 against film.
Heart Gems from Stash
“You are forgetting that he felt up her boobs before tricking her into climaxing,” I replied. “The ends do not justify the means, and the chest of a hypnotised woman is a forbidden zone in both law and common morality.”
Absolutely love the difference a girl makes. :)
My baby girl is 10 months old today. She is so different from her siblings and fits so well in our family.
Plaid Cymru's parliamentary leader Elfyn Llwyd MP has responded to the Queen's Speech by expressing disappointment at the lack of ideas to boost the Welsh economy, despite the inclusion of some welcome legislation such as a Grocery Code Adjudicator Bill and a Green Investment Bank Bill.
A look at the food industry from a more ”foodie” perspective. This touches on many of the scientific, health, and political aspects of the food industry, but provides a more interesting look at whether or not the “advances” we have made through industrial agriculture have any benefit to our palates or our plates.
It is, as yet, unclear as to what form the new declaration will take, however, the Government have indicated that they will be issuing an instruction on the new rules and it is hoped that the promised instruction will clarify this position. The penalties for non-declaration are severe.
Arusha is a big, bustling city. It is the jumping off point to Serengeti and Ngorogoro, so it is filled with a mix of local Tanzanians and tourists. It's quite easy to spot the tourists; they cross streets and take up sidewalks, pale-fleshed herds poorly camouflaged in khaki, “perfect accessories for Africa!,” and wearing matching hats. They stay for a day or two, haggling with safari operators over the best price and offers, then make their way out to see the Big Five of the animal kingdom, shooting from the rugged jeeps with Canons and Nikons instead of weapons.
The part in the OT where God calls mere mortals “gods” is in Psalm 82. According to the notes (in the printed NIV; they don’t seem to be on the website link), God is somewhat sarcastically referring to the Persians’/Egyptians’/etc belief that the kings were gods. In the psalm, God says that these “gods” are mere mortals who rule ignorantly and will be judged like everyone else.
Yea I know the dr. dre beatbox is great and all but lets be honest, you can’t afford that either. It only makes sense to dream bigger. So here you have it, probably the coolest portable speaker on the market the B&O Beolit 12.
Miscavige takes lavish personal vacations – including many Caribbean diving trips and a five star tour of Scotland (including cases of sampled Scotch being shipped to Miscavige’s residence afterward).
The goal is to tell a story, and if you are a good storyteller your success will come.
"Yes it is," Rachel said. She wiggled her foot. And then it stung her. It hurt! Dreams weren't supposed to hurt this much. "Ow!"
The only way for Africa to maximize the benefits of the foreign direct investment (FDI) coming from Chinese private investments, is for the African governments to develop the right policies. FDI is believed to be an effective way not only to generate employment, but to also increase valuable capabilities in developing countries. Direct and indirect effects of FDI can depend on the absorptive capacity of the local economy, the behavioral pattern and strategies of the foreign companies, the cooperation between the foreign and local companies, hiring policies, human interaction and technology transfer. Indeed, one of the major spillovers of FDI is technology transfer, of which China is a major contributor. In simple words, this technology transfer could be defined as the diffusion of skills and technology in the host economy, whereby the local people can be empowered and be the driving force of future economic growth. Due to those benefits believed to be brought by FDI and to the policies often imposed by Western structural adjustment programs (SAPs), African countries have been lowering their barriers to FDI and created fiscal and financial incentives to attract more and more FDI, thus causing the increased presence of Chinese private investments. However, the overall effects of FDI depend not only on how the investing companies behave, but also on the structure of the host economy and what regulations are in place. Generally, the history of the successful newly industrialized countries (NIC) in East Asia has shown that in order to enhance the benefits of FDI there is need for a combination of policies covering the attraction of FDI, the ability of domestic companies to upgrade as well as facilitating the building of networks and hence the technology transfer from the foreign companies to the domestic ones.
“I’ve already had complaints from Mr. Gumpshee in room twelve,” she continued. “He said it brought on one of his turns. I hate to think what would happen if one of the Stimpson sisters caught sight of this mess. You know how Dolly’s had trouble with her insides since the hospital took her vagina out.”
Thanks God for editors. Mine needs a raise!
2+1/4 C all purpose flour
Fake HD repair tool targets Windows users – In the last year, ransomware infections have taken over from scareware as the cybercriminals’ favorite mode of squeezing money out of their victims, but that doesn’t mean that scareware has disappeared altogether. Avast researchers have recently spotted a piece of fake computer diagnostic software that goes by the name of “S.M.A.R.T. Repair”, which supposedly scans the victim’s machine and “detects” critical hard disk errors
The point of all this is to explain why I haven't gotten anything together to post. I just haven't been up to it. I have lots of ideas jumbled up in my head and I will work on getting some loose and onto my blog. Soon. :)
“The governor role I think can potentially be huge in that politics is everything when it comes to off reservation gaming,” said Matthew Fletcher, director of the Indigenous Law and Policy Center at MSU.
1) The husband drives his wife in their family car.
Lazy earthworms and beetles are feeding on the web-mud-cloth of immortality
Then I'll draw a small thumbnail to represent each scene. If it's a short scene I'll usually pick a "key" frame from the scene - an image that best describes what the scene is about. Or is it's a long scene, I'll draw more images - whatever is necessary to get the idea of what the director has done with the staging and the camera work (if there is any).
she politely answered, "no thank you, mother."
Khirad: I may be sweet and simple, but I appreciate human complexity.
Drawn from my eyes
Lingering questions about the elusive job: What did I do wrong? Should I have let go earlier? When is it appropriate to have faith in a “process?” The rug ripped out from under me, my little world quivers with uncertainty. In the scheme of things, given what my friends are facing now with these many tragic losses in my immediate community, I have pondered deeply what to write about with a deep appreciation for how people cope with the darkness of life. We all have it, the challenges that life delivers, and yet, there are silver linings everywhere…
All land at you in wonder stare
"The review is supposed to be a serious examination of a country's human rights record to hold it accountable," Neuer said. "All they do is give praise and give cover to Libya's abuses."
3. Takes the time out to ask how my day is
"That sounds good," I told her with upbeat inflection.
So we have one more scavenger hunt left! Here are the rules, same as every day:
Barbara shook her head as she set the wine down on the dining room table, flipped on the Dining Room light and headed for Jerod’s room to collect his report card. She wasn’t upset with her son, because his grades had always been consistently good. She knew that it was the fishing trip with his dad that had caused him to forget to show off his grades. It took no time at all for her to locate his backpack. It was heavy with books, but she found two envelopes quickly enough. One was his grades; the second had hearts drawn on it by a girl’s unmistakable hand. Suddenly, the mother in her didn’t care about the grades anymore.
So let’s back up. I come home from a usual ten hour workday to the little man showered and happily noodling on the computer, while Lisa is in the kitchen finishing up dinner. Timed so that it is warm and ready very soon after I come in. Life is good. No, wait. Life just got even better because she is in the gray tank-top that is just……yeah.
Our whole family, including me, lol, all love to play video games. We have a Playstation 3, an old DS, an older PSP, and a Wii. Personally, the only one Miss Sassy and I ever play is the Wii. I got the Wii Fit Plus to go with it, and I love it! I also recently bought Zumba for Wii. I haven't really tried all of it yet, but plan on it soon. I'll keep you updated on that. I think it might be something really awesome! I really only play with the Wii to help me "work out" because it makes it more like a game, instead of work. I hate working out. The game that comes with the Wii Fit Plus is all fitness based, but are really fun and even kind of addicting. It really makes me want to keep doing it. My hubby loves watching me do the hula hoop game, but what he doesn't realize is that it's much more funny watching him do it, than me! hehehe!
The problem is that it is difficult to be known to offer hospitality and not run the risk of welcoming antichrists (false teachers as discussed above in 1 John). John’s church in Ephesus — after Paul’s martyrdom — fell prey temporarily to a group of false teachers who left as suddenly as they arrived.
"I have been drugged and held captive on a ship," claimed one note found in a bottle and mailed to the police. An anonymous shipping master reported hearing of a victim "drugged in one of these newfangled speakeasies that are run as drug stores. They said along the street that a shanghai gang had got him, stole his money and shipped him to sea....The man is gone, and who can trace him?"
Retiring Food Service Director opens up Opportunity for Families to Act
At this point, Marcel was very diligently trying to find more cow tracks (oh, how I wish I were talking about ice-cream) while I was quickly losing patience with the slow pace of the cattle-sleuthing. You see, I can sometimes be an impatient person. I can also sometimes downplay my personality faults. But honestly, while Marcel was going all Sherlock Holmes on me, I was in the pick-up truck worrying about cow-car accidents while trying to keep the 3 kids from strangling each other in the back seat.
Oh well, you know more about me---scary
When it’s all said and done I have faith in the front office and the process. While I’ll openly admit I think we have bigger fish to fry, if we end up taking Blackmon, Wright or Floyd I’ll be immensely excited because it means the organization feel they have a young receiver to accept the mantle from Steve Smith, and getting Cam a long-term target isn’t a bad thing
Now don't get me wrong...I've had my fair share of mistakes. I am known for being super awkward sometimes, making inappropriate comments at bad times...the whole she-bang.
The programme will be all about the intriguing connection between food and crime. Maybe it's Jack the Ripper's favourite sandwich filling or the best grub to fill up on before a bank heist- who knows? You will have to tune in to find out!
14. Cortez The Killer
I popped each piece of monkfish along with some large shrimp onto foil and made a little parcel for each one. Adding some rose wine and fresh basil before it went into the oven for 15-20mins.
(This applies to any kind of work that you do, unless you work for a government or a governmental agency).
I think that the first time that I heard the reference to "gaming the system" in the context of intellectual property was in a class lecture given by a friend and colleague. The course, one of the few of its type offered by a top-tier MBA program, sought to impart to its students an appreciation of the way by which a proper understanding of IP could be of service as part of a manager's s professional skill set. I was sitting in on the class to gain a better appreciation about how to pedagogically approach MBA students. I don't remember too much about the actual contents of the lecture (it was, after all, a few years ago). What I do recall well was one sentence which he reiterated several times in response to various suggestions by students how to exploit the patent system. My friend said loud and clear--"Don't try to game the system"!
Anchor "Our Special Ale" 2007 (reviewed by DP)—First off, good for Anchor Brewery for cutting through the PC junk and saying “Merry Christmas & Happy New Year” on the label. This beer is very dark brown, with a huge, billowy, long lasting head. Smells like dark dried fruit, chocolate, rum, and cinnamon on the nose. A sip…..Wow! This is different. The spicing is unlike anything I’ve had in a beer before. I'm pretty sure there’s some cinnamon in there. But what is the rest about? I confess, I had to look around on the Internet and one other reviewer got it, I think—a hint of anise. And to me it tastes a little like Concord grape - but let's just call it plum, in keeping with the season. Nice thick mouthfeel, in keeping with the style. Very good. Rates 8 out of 10.
We should trust in Jesus who died for us while we were still sinners. We should trust in Jesus, He loved us enough to die for us and we should love Him. We should believe in Christ and have eternal life, if we trust in Jesus we will live and we will be saved from our sins.
Edited by: Zappa Penguin
Baked Chicken Breasts
When we get caught up in the pie-in-the-sky syndrome and believe that everyone should maintain a basic sense of equilibrium for our benefit so that ‘we’ can be okay, that’s quite a delusion to maintain. People will change and we will as well. That last statement really makes me think about how we find one moment of exquisite pleasure and peace in which no problems seem to be on any horizon and we feel happy and then we spend our life chasing that moment. This, I believe, is what causes people to turn to marijuana, alcohol and/or other drugs—they are seeking to reproduce that carefree state albeit in an artificial way. Joyful intoxication can be used as an exercise to learn to discriminate the true inner reality from outer delusions! I can see that as the only benefit.
This sketch is an experiment with Daniel Smith Extra Fine Watercolor Sticks.
Brad Mehldau - piano
and tired, a lot
Will I read Vengeance Moon when it comes out next year? Perhaps, but I think I’ll wait until it arrives at the public library.
This April 1st, about three years after that first sale, I will be releasing my second novel, A Breath of Eyre, the first in a young adult trilogy. At the same time, I will be revising the second book in the series and brainstorming and outlining for the third. Despite thinking writing would get easier with time, each book poses its own set of problems and challenges. And marketing/social networking could be a full-time job unto itself. But this is what makes writing so exciting and rewarding. While some aspects of the process are incredibly stressful, writing is a job in which you’re always pushing forward, creating, learning, sharing, thinking. It’s certainly never boring.
And Rose, my Rose of San Annn-tone.
“Yeah. Let’s take a ride and talk in the car.” They got in and started down the street.
My personal Christmas movie - and it's not really a Christmas movie - is While You Were Sleeping. I love the family. They crack me up.
Bon Appetit, my foodies!
objective, but one-sided, partial and subjective. Only from the anarchist’s side…" Instead, they point out their aim, which has a double character: firstly, to show "…how much pleasure, imagination, devotion and energy the Spanish anarchists put in their effort to destroy once and for all the damned class of boots, ties and crucifixes…", the fact that this attempt to revolution "…saw an explosion of creativity which only takes place when you're finally able to conceive of something and follow through on it –to arrange your own life without hate and greed, without competition and oppression…" and finally how
www.orlandosentinel.com
Phew, 2011 passed by so quickly and all I could remember that it was a blast! :) Went to 3 beach vacations, danced on a bar top, found love and changed job are amongst the most memorable (life) events.
I hope this will be my last update on my E2 issues. I finally received my second replacement of my E2 but unfortunately I wasn't able to get another Anniversary Edition. I liked the little pop of green that this one doesn't have.
A human parent is what I am and what we all are. Let’s not make that a crime. — Lenore
This is the story of a crossroads I am at right now…
After I was done, I drank a little more hot whiskey, danced a quick Irish reel to "Pinball Wizard" performed by Fish Frye and then I went home and crashed my Irish self on the couch and spent some time snuggling with some Irish cats.
Before we get into my p-curve analysis I just want to make a few observations about research. With what I imagine are few exceptions, psychologists like other researchers, are fundamentally concerned with revealing the truth about the world-- and psychological experience more generally. This means that psychologists are committed to finding the truth about human experience, and by implication, would be firmly against publishing research that they knew was not a representation of that experience. For me, this means that I am always concerned about whether my findings will replicate, I believe they will, and I wouldn't publish them if I didn't believe this.
- You may enter up to 3 times per challenge
Andy: FIIIIINIIIIISHHHHH HIIIIIIMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ryan, 60, said he was not ready to retire and was considering options, including moving to Kenya to work at the Aga Khan Academy in Mombasa.
The same argument is just as valid, interestingly enough, for predictions that fall afoul of the limits of the cosmos in subtler ways. The example I have in mind here is the logic that drives bubbles and busts in a market economy. Behind every speculative bubble, to be a bit more specific, is the conviction that some class of assets which is rising in price will keep on doing so indefinitely. That conviction is always false, and it’s always disproven within a couple of years, but you can’t have a speculative bubble without it—it’s the delusion that the price of the asset class du jour is just going to keep on zooming upwards that leads otherwise sensible people to sink their net worth into Pets.com stock or subprime mortgages, and lose it all—and so, with weary predictability, that delusion gets trotted out every time an asset class starts blowing bubbles.
Tell video stories. Videos can be a fresh way to tell your story, and in a new and interesting way. Don’t underestimate the power of video.
A funny series of videos about, as the title states, the history of English. It is truly brilliant. The first time I’ve listened to it I literally laughed out loud – loud enough for my friends to stare at me. For me it is especially great because it outlines the history, while at the same time providing examples – and surprising ones, too!
Little did I know, when I’m at the movies, life is full of funny co-incidences.
Many zucchini pancake recipes require frying in 1/4 inch or so of oil and need to be eaten right away because, well, they are fried. They tend to become a little spongy and oily tasting the next day. That is the nature of most fried foods. They are still good, just not the same as freshly made. I wanted to change up the recipe some so they would cook more like a regular pancake with less oil/butter in the pan but, of course, I want the same great flavor. Some pancakes are delicious to pop in the toaster the next day and smear with a little butter or jam for a snack or light breakfast. Why can't Zucchini pancakes be like that? I couldn't think of one good reason so I got to work. Like making pancakes is hard work!
I'm sitting here alone again
Tzina Kalogirou and Konstantinos Malafantis, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Greece: Do I dare / disturb the universe? Critical Pedagogy and the ethics of resistance to and engagement with literature
and I will be healthy.
Make sure to check and see that the 10% discount has been applied before you make a payment.
It was so easy I can hardly stand it! (My favorite kind of project!) Just cut out some circles and an oval with your dies and Big Shot. Stamp some circles in onyx. Trim the top of your mini brown bag to a point. Stick everything down. Add some buttons to finish the eyes and you are good to go!
Welcome to the question and answer post from my presentation: Blogging Parties and Prizes!!!
That part is true. It is exhausting. But on my way down the hall to write this post (from my classroom halfway across the college), two things happened that made me change my mind. First, I bumped into a former student, one who is very bright, just naturally. He's graduating next week, and looking forward to doing work besides bar tending for the first time in five years. He has grown so much, since I first met him, and completely understands the joy of learning. He'll go on to get his Bachelor's degree, and I know he will do well. A few minutes later, I passed a student from three years ago, a solid C writer who worked hard on every single paper, and moved herself up in just one semester to solid Bs. She told me excitedly that she's been chosen as this spring's student speaker for commencement. "I had to write an essay, you know. That's how they chose me. You have no idea how much you've helped me."
Dark, but wonderfully written.
Mind you, Amazing Minds warns me about this, saying that toddlers are fascinated by any kind of reaction from their parents and that they will often provoke negative responses out of a kind of scientific spirit of exploration. That’s fine, but I don’t want a kid who hits, either.
But wait! There is a catch! You have to move your working yarn to in front of the needle, before you place your needle through the stitch . Have a close look at the pic above.
Cockney: "......"
Jonathan may need no further introduction, because the fact of his medal is proof enough of a large part of his character – his incredible persistence, determination, drive, and self-control. But to give him a fair shake like I did for Ryan, here’s a small summary of Jonathan.
Having a hot hot soak now then back to bed i think.
Over the years, we faced our challenges. He was diabetic for the last 10 years of his life. In the past 5 years, the vet told me more than once to "prepare myself" because he didn't think he'd make it. And every single time, he bounced back stronger than before. He still ran around the house like a kitten at 20, picking fights with my other cat and my dog. Still chased bugs in the house.
Dresser? Sold in 1 day. I upholstered the chair that we also got for free, but we liked it too much to sell. We have since reupholstered in another great fabric, and it is in our sons room.
So most of us guys get lost
I still hate my black hair, only thing I like about it is I get to do my brows super defined and dark!
5. Reaksiyonel Idea 04:43
DJ Sumbody: I got a call from the Le Coq offices, asking me to send through my profile, to which I went through the entire interviews, and it’s been 2 weeks since I have been officially signed as a “Brand Ambassador” for Le Coq Sportif. I’d like to think me becoming the Ambassador was driven by the brand I have built for myself and also the good behaviour.
When I went to San Francisco over my spring break, I was introduced to my friend’s sister and somehow the topic of allergies came up. She told me she suffered from severe allergies to certain types of foods, one being seafood. She said if she even WALKED PAST the fish section in the grocery store, she would immediately have to grab her kids and rush out of the store because her throat could close up any second. Can you imagine living so close to Fisherman’s Wharf and not even being able to enjoy it?
Her expression shows the artist and the model share a joke;
Marissa's Trust Fund will remain open to receive any donations to help with final costs.
Today, I believe, is Celebrity day. She and her friends are dressing up like characters of the tv show Friends. Maddy is being Phoebe and has been practicing the Smelly Cat song all week. I now know it... in it's entirety...
Frontier Governorates = 5 governorates on eastern/western boundaries
And when I open the gates beyond which lay paradise
I know my words are weapons full of danger, full of death,
Afternoon all, and happy bank holiday weekend! We've even had a few hours of sunshine here in Leamington. It's still bloody freezing, like, but still. It's nice to be reminded that there is such a thing as sunshine.
How thin can it be cut? How slow can it be poured? The kettle heats, the water over the leaves, again and again in a Zeno's paradox of liquid. The second thinner than the first, the third thinner than the second. There is no fourth cup. The spirit has not the resolve to even try, because the heart could not endure it. Staring down the prospect of a fourth cup from old leaves spikes the mouth with bitterness before the hand could think to raise such a travesty to the lips.
And whether it’s Disney’s property or Universal’s, bring LOTS of cash. You’ll need it.
In today’s society, so much emphasis is placed on maximizing productivity and staying as busy as possible. This is especially true in the U.S. as it ranks amongst the lowest in the world in paid vacation time with an average of 13 days per year according to the world tourism organization. Nations like Japan, United Kingdom, France, and Italy have 2 to 3 times more vacation days per year on average. What’s really interesting is that the average lifespan in those countries is longer than in the U.S.A. Now there are a variety of factors that can contribute to the average lifespan in a country but let’s examine a major factor called stress for a minute and see how that plays into the equation.
If you don't know what that is, consider yourself lucky!
onEditNote: function(record)
Wow...featured in two Etsy Treasuries in 24 hours. I'm on a roll! Good to know my little old Etsy shop hasn't been totally buried under the millions of items people list every day, and my items can still be found...now if only someone would actually BUY something! LOL:)
and cooperation, including activities for spiritual, cultural, political,
11:00-12:30 Screening/discussion: Rithy Panh and Bophana: A Cambodian Tragedy
"In the midst of the bedlam along Livingston Street, an old man with a long white beard and a portable radio leaned on his cane and said: 'I never thought I’d live so long!'
3. Share two (2) "teaser" sentences from somewhere on that page.
Girl
Almost every emotion is captured and the images can be beautiful, mundane, funny, frightening, heart-rending or confronting. The best clips are those that make the viewer work to understand what’s going on. But it’s the recurring characters – the Korean who’s cycling around the world, the mother with cancer, the goatherds – who offer the real engagement and stop this looking like some sort of bank lifestyle ad. I’m sure the whole project will be a great resource for future historians, but don’t expect much insight into the state of the world from this 90-minute version. 6/10
(I hate being called daddy. I mean, how hard is it to say “Mommy”? MOM MEE. See? It’s easy! I know he can say it, he has done it once or twice, but for some reason, he calls me daddy and I don’t like it!)
I sighed deeply. His words were difficult to swallow and so I borrowed some courage from the bottle of vodka on the table. He’s right. I know he’s right but I also know I’m not the only one to blame.
Not a fan of Facebook? No problem. Kraft also has a YouTube channel! This is perfect for us visual learners who would rather see a video demonstration than just read a recipe. You can find their YouTube channel HERE.
In my defense I try not to lose control
05 - Back Biter (Why Can't I Touch You?)
Everyday they cut our trees pollute our seas
Happy Halloween, everyone =)
The sunlight is starting to shine
But it is worthwhile to mention here that the limited vision of Yeskov’s novel is quite sufficient to carry this story to the end. There was enough adventure and humour, and even some passable social satire, to keep me reading.
about a kilometer away from where we used to live.
Various Artists — “Ho Ho Ho Canada 3” (The Line of Best Fit) The online British music magazine has presented a series of “Oh, Canada” compilations to download and an offshoot of these are the “Ho, Ho, Ho Canada” Christmas mixes that gathers various Canadian artists for some diverse Yuletide offerings, from folk to Indie rock to experimental.
"So, he was alone."
These were made as flat cards- his friends will promptly throw them away (much as I want to believe they will treasure them:) so no point in wasting extra card stock-lol! I used the same backing for both cards, making mass production easier.
I can think of two ways:
MusicGorilla.com showcase
I then hang back and let strange Gap man wander away. Later, in the car with Kamel, as I am retelling this story, and we are driving about a block from my office, and after I have repeatedly been all "wtf? there is no Gap here! What a weird thing to pull out of your ass!" we drive by a window with a huge Gap logo in the display. I press my hand against the car window and whisper, "Gap.... corporate...."
October 2011
Undefeated
I caught a video of one of my favorite TV cooking shows, "America's Test Kitchen", and I was intrigued with an ingredient that is added to their recipe-- cream cheese! Interesting! What I particularly liked about this recipe is that the batter is mixed by hand. Here's how it's done:
glass dragons on strings
You're welcome.
She knows well that Antony was never like this. “Think you there was, or might be, such a man as this I dream’d of?” she asks Dolabella. “Gentle madam, no,” comes the courteous but uncompromising answer. “You lie, up to the hearing of the gods,” says Cleopatra: such a creature as Cleopatra describes may not have existed in reality, but exists now in Cleopatra’s imagination. And that is good enough. Of course, Cleopatra knows, even now, what he had been in reality: in plays, she says, “Antony shall be brought drunken forth”: this is because Antony had been, as she well knows, a drunkard – an “old ruffian”, as Octavius had so accurately described him. But in her imagination, now, he has been transformed. And Cleopatra transforms herself too, imagining herself to be the great queen she never had been in life, and living out that part as she dies. Only when she has transformed herself into what she likes to imagine herself as being, does she abjure her “infinite variety” and describe herself as “marble constant”. Her imagination has utterly transfigured both Antony and herself from two deeply flawed and frankly rather ordinary mortals into demi-gods, figures not unbecoming a Shakespearean tragedy.
Strong in the Media . . .Weak in ResultsWhile change has come to the executive branch in Washington, New York’s City and State governments are in free fall. We not only have permanent dysfunction in Albany (run by special interest lobbyists), now we have the City’s elected officials ignoring the vote and the will of the public, when they recently voted themselves an extra term in office. While not responsible for the failure of government the Good Government groups have been ineffectual in fixing its abuses. Sometimes they have been too close with those in power. Before the U. S. Supreme Court overruled the lower courts to restore the Tammany style judicial convents, the Good Government groups were trying to work out a comprise by keeping the conventions and allowing candidates to go the petition route to run for Supreme Court. Since the highest court ruled to restore the party machine-controlled conventions, there has not been a peep out of the groups who say they fight for judicial reform.
I decided to take some time to look around the museums permanent collection. So many good pieces and well worth the time. With my background in movies I couldn’t help but gravitate towards the Giger alien sculpture.
· 21 new passenger services, 9 DEMU services and 8 MEMU services to be introduced.
Governments.
“What’s Up. Gimee a pitcher of Bud and two mugs please”
We drank – Boag’s XXX Ale, McLaren Vale Vale Ale, Matilda Bay Fat Yak and finished with Stone & Wood Pacific Ale, to which all the Dad wags referred to as; “That Stone Cold” and which they reckoned was “pretty bloody good”.
Now, you could say: how is this different from life imprisonment without parole? Isn’t that also meant to deter and hence open to the same criticism? No, it isn’t. Life imprisonment is intended to stop the criminal from doing further crime, and hence the criminal isn’t used to deter others. Furthermore, life imprisonment is intended to give the criminal the opportunity to make amends.
I still don't know how I hid a pregnancy for almost 13 weeks from the rest of the L&D staff, but I'm pretty stinkin proud of myself! I mean, these women are honed in on pregnancy! The plan was to spill the beans at church, and then the next day I worked, I'd share our surprise to my coworkers. I made a fun little announcement card for my coworkers and a pan of cake batter blondes (in shades of pink & blue!). My well-meaning coworkers have been hounding me for years about getting on the babywagon, so the news was met with squeals and tears and laughter. It was priceless!
Steam the buns using high heat for 20 minutes.
I think I've almost caught up. When we rent it out, we lock up our office, so it sort of ended up being the dumping spot for all of our junk we didn't want out. I need to clean that up (it's seriously bad...it looks a lot like the playroom normally does with the toys, but with office and art supplies mixed in...all over everything) and then I'm done. YAY!!
*this may not be a real number, and may be based on my fear of space junk
"The liberal churches were disturbed at being outvoted. They refused to be ignored and imposed a liberal sexual ethic in their churches." It was downhill from there.
and self-hatred seems to be an epidemic in the female population. We have bought the lie, sold to us by Madison Ave, by movies, and tv shows and magazines.......we believe that fairy tale of perfection.
7And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.
Finding an aromatherapy specialist whom you trust can help you to further understand the benefits of the practice. Aromatherapists with solid reputations are great assets to your overall health and beauty routines.
“Oh,” she said, “then we’re still safe, Dr. Rohmer. You can tell the taxpayers that the Epiphany Middle School team has one Jew, one jalf-Jew, a WASP, and an Indian.”
Practically built into the old city stone walls is 'The Bush Inn' a thin and narrow pub, appeared to be many more locals than tourists drinking in there. Welsh brewery Felinfoel seem to have the only ale on there amongst the many keg taps.
It felt a bit like meditation. Whereas most of the time with meditation you go as far away from people and noise as possible, and you close your eyes. This was like the flip-side of the same coin in a way. With my eyes open, surrounded by crowds I was having a similar feeling of awareness, of self, of place and time, and concurrently at the complete irrelevance and absence of all of that. How it’s all just a continuation of motion, flow, little droplets of life foaming up against rocks and sand. Everyone seeing everybody else’s mistakes and not their own. Pretty girls spending their looks and youth on their jobs working in the make up aisles selling stolen dreams and aromatic white lies.
Other Basic Grey products used are: Bling it On Rub-ons & Rhinestones, Rub-ons Transfers 'Wholy Cow', Ribbon Doilies, Micro-Chip Stickers 'Milk Chocolate Chip'.
From that second, the moment she regained her breath after the final iamb, Beth realized that a girl, somebody the poet must have known, had inspired that man to immortalize her beauty. Everybody needs to sense an image of the immortal. As each breath of imaginary voice seeped into her mind’s ear, Beth recognized that some hidden hole, which had been borne into her soul before birth, began to fill, but all the running waters leaked through and lost themselves as soon as the words stopped.
I was lucky enough to see Fred perform a solo concert in 2004 at Victoriaville, Canada as part of the Musique Actuelle Festival. I saw twenty- three gigs over three days (with the legendary Steve O.), and Van Hove was the highlight of the trip for me. He sat down at the piano and proceeded to create a totally improvised forty-five minute piece of music that left everyone stunned at its conclusion. Thunderous eruptions of sound would give way to rolling waves of notes that started at one end of the keyboard and made their way across it until his fingers ran out of keys to play. He would also work inside the piano, hitting the strings with various objects to alter the sound he wanted. No matter how out - there the performance got, Fred never lost his musicality. On a good night, the added beauty of watching and hearing improvised music being created is knowing that these exact sounds would never be heard again.
Today is a good ol’ REST day! Thank goodness. It’s much needed rest. My shoulders are dead from all those Power Cleans yesterday.
Instead, this year, I have chosen to focus on what is in my heart for Christmas. If my heart is not right, then no celebration - or present - will be big enough to fill it and make it right.
Now, April, is a season of new life. Babies.
Sheldon begins his famous best-seller by quoting 1 Peter 2:21:
4 filled
“Hey baby your awake.” She yarned.
For the last year I've been taking Taekwando but will have to give up the classes for awhile - having the house up for sale, increasing pressures at work, and just life in general have gotten in the way of committing to a schedule of classes. Maybe I'll go back in the future but in the meantime I wanted to thank the school for the great experience. I found this image by doing a Google search and I just felt immediately that she was perfect for the way I feel about Taekwando - joyous and ready to fall over at any moment!
After I finished the book I carried the residue of it with me for the rest of the evening. I was disquieted, uneasy; I felt stirred up and slightly jumbly. I like a book that does that to me; a book that makes me think, knocks me for six, picks me up and gives me a good shake.
class) about how Jake already has developed a fantastic, unique and individual
* Name has been changed to preserve identity and prevent embarrassment
They are helping to re-establish electrical power to pumps and motors and to install power panels; draining contaminated water; and acquiring desalination equipment, underwater pumps and air purifiers to filter radioactive dust. Westinghouse has provided Tokyo Electric with boron, fuel, spare pumps and other supplies.
I've used the dotted scallop ribbon, dotted side down with some cotton twine for my bow. I carried the paper to the inside too:
Makes me want to learn I-talian, y'all!!!.
Callie lost her parents when the Spore Wars wiped out everyone between the ages of twenty and sixty. She and her little brother, Tyler, go on the run, living as squatters with their friend Michael and fighting off renegades who would kill them for a cookie. Callie's only hope is Prime Destinations, a disturbing place in Beverly Hills run by a mysterious figure known as the Old Man.
23. Beetlejuice
Tomorrow is (American) Mother's Day. (in other parts of the world it is celebrated in different months)
Over breakfast, the discussion focused on the role and function of the High Representative for Foreign Policy, the value of business in foreign policy, corporate social responsibility, defence in Europe, maintaining good relations with the business community in order to open a structured dialogue that facilitates mutual understanding and learning, third countries, European solidarity (pooling and sharing) and investment.
How the HECK am I supposed to slice an artichoke that looks like this?
Last week I mostly stayed home, simply because KJ was so sick and the Mr's work schedule kept him away and busy. This tends to lend itself to me not wanting to get out of my pj's. As I was about to head out the door to pick up Ellie from school I decided to do the next best thing to pj's and put on my boyfriend jeans. I have had them so long that the holes naturally occurred.
I eventually wandered into work just after 9.00, well closer to 9.15.
In one case, the officers reported the incident and an inmate was charged. In the other two cases two detention center officers lost their jobs and they could be facing criminal charges.”
I will spend 2 fun filled nights with 6 other kiwi friends, then spend 7days with my brother who has adopted Melbourne as his home....
· EDUCATE - Educating about the values of an active and healthy lifestyle
What I saw and heard last night twisted my heart, my view of things. Worse, it robbed me of the contentedness I walked in there with. This lecture stole that from me. And now I’m adrift, riding waves of emotion that I don’t want to feel.
Faced with a society where each person had his own opinions about everything, Socrates went from citizen to citizen (he would talk to anybody, rich or poor) and asked them basic questions about their beliefs. At first the questions seemed innocent, but by the end of the discussion, Socrates had unearthed the illogical or prejudicial basis of things held to be true. The person could see, by the light of reason that the truth was far different from what he supposed. Socrates’ method was to outwit ignorance by calling on the higher faculty of rationality.
Do you think the publishing industry has/is changing in any major ways? Either due to the global economic climate or the introduction of POD and ebooks?
Awhile back, while browsing a selection of dresses on sale at ASOS, I noticed an interesting pattern emerge. Many of the frocks I was flocking to were by the same designer: Vero Moda. Not long after making this realization, I came upon another: Vero Moda is a Danish fashion house! Being that I am half Danish, I was quite tickled by this discovery. (My mother's parents emigrated from Denmark-- she was actually born in New York, not long after they got off the boat! At least, that's how I tell the story.)
California's elected officials have been doing as little planning as possible, unless one counts planning to spend tens of billions of dollars the state doesn't have on a high-speed rail line that will partially replicate what the airlines already do. Our leaders are battling new water-storage facilities and punishing farmers with absurd water-use restrictions. They impose roadblocks to building new highway systems, and land-use regulations make it nearly impossible to build the homes and businesses necessary to meet the needs of a growing population. You can hardly call that planning. ...
Has been funded by the National Institute of Health for over 20 years. He has been repeatedly voted by his peers as being in the Top 1% of doctors across the country. Dr. Siedman focuses his research and work on the field of Aging. Everyone ages but we don’t have to feel old. We can age gracefully and still be healthy. Aging is a mindset. It is a biological but we can help offset the results by incorporating healthy habits into our lives. The Vi-Pak is all about Anti-Aging helping the body to continue to function and regenerate.
Unidentified farmer (54) 20020422 bludgeoned to death on unnamed farm, Klapmuts, Paarl, WC
However, that isn’t to say that there wasn’t good aspects to this movie as well. The cast themselves actually did a great job with the roles that they were given, but they just had to deal with a mediocre movie. Chris Hemsworth (Thor) did a great job of playing the arrogant, inspiring and courageous title character with a charm that, while nowhere near the calibre of Robert Downey Jr. in Iron Man, made him watchable. Tom Hiddleson (Loki) is an actor that I’ve never heard of or seen before in anything else, however he pulled off the role of a mischievous and cartoonish villain so well that I’m excited to see him reprise the role in The Avengers. And who wouldn’t be excited to see Anthony Hopkins in anything, let alone as Odin, the father of Thor. As for the human characters, Natalie Portman (Jane) and Kat Dennings (Darcy) were the only ones that made any real impact. The dramatic scenes that Portman treated us to were definitely not her best, however her and Dennings did provide a comic relief that made the movie somewhat watchable.
"I just hope we don't experience anything like it again." So much for the NHS being the wonder of the world...Adam Brooks, clinical director for specialist support, which covers operating theatres at NUH, said: "We're sorry that Mrs Taylor's operation was delayed on 1 December.
In 2011, about 16% of PUMA’s total apparel products were made of more sustainable materials such as recycled polyester, organic cotton and Cotton Made in Africa, proving that the company is right on track to reach this target.
My parents
They never knew she doesn’t know Benin. After several hours of driving, and lagos closeby.
4. eh, they’re cool – these are the people you pick out in crowds of people you don’t know. the ones you talk to when you have no one else, but you don’t always like. Often times, these are the people you only hang out with because they’re friends with your friends
- No back linking, create something new and exciting
RAP - RAP - RAP
Every day you get, at the awakening, your Gift! This gift is called ... Time ... You get exactly 86400 seconds for a day. When you go to sleep at the evening you couldn't save any seconds for the next day. Those seconds which you haven't lived in their completeness will be lost - forever.
Doing trade development efforts. There are other parts of the world where we can get high value. Leverge partnership models.
"The relative safety of ST and other smoke-free systems for delivering nicotine demolishes the claim that abstinence-only approaches to tobacco are rational public health campaigns...Applying harm reduction principles to public health policies on tobacco/nicotine is more than simply a rational and humane policy. It is more than a pragmatic response to a market that is, anyway, already in the process of undergoing significant changes. It has the potential to lead to one of the greatest public health breakthroughs in human history by fundamentally changing the forecast of a billion cigarette-caused deaths this century."
Forget about global warming. The theory of gravity is far more insidious, resting on egregiously flawed, politicized science, insufficient evidence, and a fraudulent consensus.
Just took them along,
I do like Red! said the Yellow
Couscous salad:
It's my favorite styling.
2nd photo: It's not that obvious in this photo but when they intubated me they must have banged my lip pretty hard as I had a fat lip when I woke up. My hubby thinks it's hilarious that I can only smile with half my face!
etched forever on my hands...
Felony and Mayhem Press 2011
3. Hang around with people who are
This does have a fair amount of humour, but I was laughing at the cover, because in The Winx which I'm currently watching, Stella is a fairy with long blond hair who likes yellow and orange clothes! I really felt for Hannah because I once broke my ankle, and being stuck at home tends to a person rather grumpy. Stella goes a long way in cheering her up - until she vanishes. My stomach turned over at that scene, because I once lost a zebra finch out of it's cage in my room. Losing a pet is horrible. Cara didn't realise it, but I guessed that her mother would know which steps to take to try and get Stella back. Even though I knew what the ending would be, I still had tears in my eyes. You can't beat a good reunion!
Where: Traverse City, Michigan
Back to the Child-Past, where Big Sis Hwayoung "accidentally" trips and burns Booyoung with an iron until her face scars. Because Hwayoung is still beautiful, she gets to marry the prince while Booyoung stays at home and wears a veil to hide her scar. If there weren't a distinct air of pure weirdness to all of this, it would be too much to bear.
To put it simply, with the kind of visa I have now, I can leave and enter the country as I please within the one-year period. Last year the requirements added a clause that foreigners had to leave every 6 months and come back in and reregister. But that could be done by simply crossing the border into Estonia or Finland and then coming back in, even that same day.
Billy Bob Thornton is his usual self in this flick as Ed Crane (great name), which is what adds a lot to this character and film as well. Billy Bob isn’t exciting, he barely shows any emotions, he smokes in about every single frame of this flick, and he’s a character that just seems like he doesn’t care at all about anything but it’s also what makes this character work. It may have been hard to feel anything for him but I was still able to like Billy Bob playing Crane because even though we may always seem him play the same character in every flick no matter what, it still never really gets old and still seems fresh especially when he’s playing a barber.
This week Ear to Ears couldn’t get happier because we got a chance to interview one of the best talents out there the world should know about. They are Gaoler’s Daughter, a four piece band from London, consists of John Sterry (vocals), Alfie Ambrose (bass), Alex Mahood (guitar) and Ben Hutchinson (drums). Recently they just released a single called How Do You Know. The mysterious and dark rumbling guitars in the beginning of the song is just one of the most exciting hooks we’ve heard these days. Gaoler’s Daughter is definitely the band to watch for. Want to get to know them more? We have Ben and Alfie here to answer our questions. And here you go….
Dave Johnson
~Donald Miller
As much as girls talk, there are two main things that some girls will take to the grave.
I realize now, that through all the years of struggling with being my mother’s invisible daughter, I wish I would have realized that she was the one that couldn’t see me and I was indeed visible. I see now that others see me.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cream sugar and margarine, then add vanilla and eggs. Stir in remaining ingredients. Spread in greased 8-inch square pan. Bake until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool and cut in squares.
We love you all, and couldn’t do this without you. Thank you for role you’re playing in Levi’s battle.
Fasting. For the Christian, fasting is essential. Often you cannot gain the revelation you need for your next step without it. Even Jesus agreed that some things simply could not be accomplished without fasting.
EG2 - day 143 - 147
Those who died under Bo Xilai’s reign were practitioners of the Falun Gong spiritual practice—a traditional spiritual practice based in the tenets of truth, compassion and tolerance. Bo and several others have been sued in overseas lawsuits for taking part in persecuting the group. The persecution was launched by former Chinese regime leader Jiang Zemin in 1999.
“My dear friend, the scent of Kṛṣṇa’s body enchants the entire world. It especially enters the nostrils of women and remains seated there. Thus it captures them and forcibly brings them to Kṛṣṇa.
I've been doing cool things around the city this past week and I wish I could share them on my blog but I lost my camera :(
But the interview is not what’s on my mind right now. Last night I talked to my ex-boyfriend on the phone. We were practically married and together for about five years. It has been a little over a year since we broke up but we have maintained contact and are trying to stay friends. This, of course, brings complications. I sometimes wish we had one of those overly-dramatic break-ups that leaves you immobilized for a couple weeks but over time you forget all about the person and move on with your life. We chose the other path, though. The one where one day you think things are great and that you have moved on and–oh, isn’t it great that we can still be best friends!? Then the next day you hear that he’s been dating a ton of people (and you have too, to be fair) but you suddenly realize that you’re not over him. Well, this has been my last year.
1-Movies (Despicable Me...loved it)
“They asked for time to pay me, but it was not going to be all of it.
1 hop
We are the Nordic Readers, not because we specialise in Scandinavian crime but because it grew out of the Nordic Walking group I am part of. We've read half a dozen other novels since, our favourite being Kathryn Stockett's The Help and the one we liked least Christian Tsolkas' The Slap.
Spaghetti with Meatball. K doesn't eat most types of cheese and he didn't want to go for their rice meal (which was something most diners ate that time), so he went for spaghetti with meatball (1/2 serving). He wasn't that hungry and he didn't want to eat the entire half serving, so while the staff was putting spaghetti on his plate, he asked the staff to stop as soon as she placed some spaghetti. I told him he wasn't getting his money's worth because it was obviously less than what the serving should be, but he didn't want to end up with a bloated feeling and he didn't want to force himself to eat the entire serving, so this was enough for him. Well, I guess I could consider that as a diet tip. :)
Hachi: what are you reading?
The impacts of understanding this are that we should be better able to choreograph how the semi structured relationships that form a social learning activity are built. If we find quantifiable differences in relationships that are forged in the real world then we will be able to factor this into how and when we bring people together to work and when we encourage them to connect in the social spaces. If we find that the virtual simply deepens the relationship or unlocks new dynamics, then we can seek to understand these and leverage value for learning.
Virginia said her family planned to continue planting rice on their land. She also hopes her family would not sell the land in the future. She said workers at the hacienda shared her joy at the Supreme Court ruling.
Ekmek Kataifi
Now it's my very great pleasure to present my own Nice Matters Awards to:
Columbia’s aims are obvious and Miles is not fooled for a minute: “It’s smart to be with the niggers sometimes. I know what made “Bitches Brew,” but they need guidance: Mingus needs guidance; Omette needs guidance; nobody’s going to tell them what to do because then they might call them white bastards. They have to tell Mingus what to do, otherwise he’ll do the same shit all over again, and they have to tell Omette that he can not play the trumpet and violin. Motown shows you where it’s at, man.”
Pour avoir un peu plus de profondeur, je vais ajouter un tout petit peu de C5 dans les zones les plus foncées.
I bumped into him again the next day as I was pootling around. We were introduced. I clocked his proud muscularity, liquid toffee eyes and broad capable hands and put two-and-two together with the stories of the attractive commando I’d been hearing about.
3.Also you can skip capsicum / spring onions /onions in the gravy and just make plain with ginger-garlic flavour gravy.
04 Ten Commandments
To remember the 70th anniversary of the Exeter Biltz I was invited to a special event at the Cathedral
Dr. Brown’s Cel-Ray soda (behind) is the perfect beverage accompaniment to a pastrami sandwich. Less sweet than ginger ale with a more herbal flavor due to the celery seed spicing, it performs much of the same function as a nice red wine does to clean the palate when eating the spicy, fatty sandwich.
Did you do this exercise with your characters? If so, what new thing did you discover?
We moved to a table outside where the procession of wines continued with the Schatzle reds. I think.
Mildred starts to be difficult, asking where the other guests are. Monty tells her there’s a pretty bad storm outside and she childishly says she didn’t notice any storm. Uh, ok then. What’s she on about? Monty hands her a drink and indicates she’ll have to spend the night but she grabs her coat and says she’s going home. What gives, Mildred? I thought you risked your neck to come all the way out here so you could break up with this guy. What’re you doing?
That means that Forest City Ratner has chosen a version of its Alternate Plan, which allows it to maximize market-rate units. (Remember, half of the rentals are "affordable," but only 900 units are aimed at people earning less than Brooklyn's $35,000 median income. This is a housing project for the rich.)
Where did I put my keys?
"We have been in the restaurant business for years and we know better than to treat our customers in such a manner. This restaurant is open to any customer. We have nothing to hide," a manager who declined to be named said.
Each goal involves struggle and sacrifice in their own right, but its magnitude is what sets these two stories apart. It amounts to the overall tapestry and how far it reaches, how grandiose the setting, and how dire the circumstances of each quest.
The disciples were told that they were to witness Christ inJerusalem,Judea,Samariaand unto the uttermost parts of the earth. It was a responsible challenge that was given to them. What would you do? You would pray and that is exactly what the disciples were doing.
The point one should really make about Bloomberg’s dim-witted observation is that it is based on roughly the same amount of evidence as that supporting the existence of the Loch Ness Monster, minus only the grainy photographs. Neither QE nor Zirp have made the slightest difference to the US or UK economy, because that was never the idea in the first place. (Bernanke himself is still trying to persuade observers to forget his paper of 1988, in which he rejected QE as unproven and ineffective).
Don't you just love him!
Now that we are smack dab in the middle of summer, I'm anxious to partake in all this season has to offer--before it's gone! Soft serve ice cream cones, watermelon, wearing bedazzed flip flops, bright-colored tank tops, comfy sundresses and warm toes in the sand...(and maybe a tall adult beverage w/ an umbrella in it would be good too, LOL!)
I find I have no problem writing for someone else, but then again they normally give me a topic. Today I wrote several blogs on a variety of topics that were vastly different: Tattoos, stages of pregnancy, DogTV, skateboarding, and two excel data sheets. Tomorrow has three articles due on SEO and one on Catastrophic computer failure. All of these, except DogTV and pregnancy are ghostwriting. My big problem with some of these topics is keeping them within the required word limit. Some of these topics I could write on for days, I really need to restrict my writing and stop giving so many of my customers free work.
These have just been a sampling of ways to market your works through the Internet. The main idea: Be Creative. You are, I assume, trying to sell your books, so how do you start that process? The Internet is a great sales resource, but get away from the over-used “social networking” scene and do some different things. Research; try things; keep good records of what happens (or doesn’t); then do more research and try again. And make a disciplined PLAN for what you are doing. Then, work your PLAN.
The secret to those technologies? The old-fashioned vacuum tube. Vacuum tubes use plenty of power and convert most of it into heat, and the sturdy structure made necessary by that inefficiency makes tubes shrug off sudden transient pulses of the sort an EMP generates. Modern integrated circuits are many orders of magnitude more efficient, and so those same transient pulses go right into the heart of an IC chip and destroy it. If you plan on using a tube-based radio for communication in the event of an EMP attack, mind you, you need to be sure that it doesn’t have first-generation solid state components such as selenium rectifiers, or replace those with diode tubes, and you’d probably better do the sensible thing and get your amateur radio license, too, so you can get in some practice with your rig in advance. Still, it’s a viable approach, and a good deal cheaper than the alternatives – and it would be just as viable, and just as cheap, if the US government were to do the smart thing and arrange for a couple of midsized domestic electronics firms to start manufacturing reliable tube-based electronics as backups for critical infrastructure across the country.
The woman said she had bought formula from another employee at the Chiawelo Clinic in April, despite knowing that she should not have to pay for it.
In the coming days, you will hear many asking whether Hillary Clinton’s bid for the White House fell short because of sexism. And there will be that related question, “is Obama sexist?”
But today I found some time to post about the last weeks:)
The local Humane Society could not immediately be reached for comment.
NOTE: One of the most interesting paradoxes in Proverbs – Don’t answer vs. answer
Final Report of the Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations, U.S. Senate, April 1976, p. 391
"Without the continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning."-Benjamin Franklin
I knew from the beginning since picnics are a huge part of our lives (and he proposed during one), that I wanted a picnic themed engagement shoot... at least for a FEW pictures. Then we could do classic pics. We're also huge quilt people so we have plenty to use as blankets :) Maybe even have the Scout in the background...
This flower is called a 'box flower' due to the way the petals are arranged in the top most layer. I got the tutorial from here.
64. Chug-A-Lug -- Roger Miller
- consider sourcing cheaper, but equal quality product, from a cheaper supplier/source
If I could keep you little
1/4 corn oil
When we arrived back on the trail, I noted that my average for the morning was now at 18.8 mph and soon enough, another 5 mile “lap” revealed another 19.5 mph pace. That was 15 miles at 19.5 (ish) mph! I kept pressing the pace all the way home and by the time I had climbed the hill back home, my average for the day was 18.4 mph, my fastest this year.
In the summer of 1997, my wife and I received an invitation from her grandparents to spend a few days at their home, and so we packed our overnight bags and made the three-hour drive from our home in Utah, looking forward to a weekend spent taking in the rustic scenery and relaxing.
So, onto the next challenge and this time it is:
On Appeal, Centocor's patent was challegend for invalidity for lack of written description and in view of an Abbott patent that disclosed the claimed antibody, but was antedated by Centrcor's 1994 parent application by the lower court. A brief synopsis of Centcor's patent family follows:
Since he was young, he had interested in dressing up. (our young fashionista)
The challenge runs through Feb 6th at 6pm GMT.
I took the day off from work and was going to take the day off from blogging (especially since no nerdy movies came out this past weekend) but after catching up on Falling Skies and being asked my thoughts about it…well…it seems I just can’t quit you. Not even for a day.
(1 in Canada, and 1 in the U. S. A.), 2 luxury vehicles, a yacht club
up it goes touching
Hope all you fellow bloggers are well and happy...hooray for family and hooray for friends!...life just wouldn't be the same without you crazy bunch
flat against his head.
Cardi: Kohl's
Out of work and running low on money, I felt stuck in a rut. I had sold my van months before and was dependent on my parents or friends for transportation. I needed to find a way out of the mess I had gotten into.
Well attended talk, but room is not full. Maybe 70 people.
“People who live near sludge spreading do report illnesses,” she said.
Yield : 25 cookies
The live action takes a different turn from the manga completely however it is still enjoyable to watch for those who have never read the manga, and those who are avid fans. The main cast of five characters is there though some like Gaku Izumi are introduced earlier.
19. I'm on day 12, I think.
Serve quails with sauce. This recipe serves two.
I am going to stereotype badly here, but between the US and Europe there are differences in the way we speak to each other. When it comes to selling the US all-bells-and-whistles (some might say smoke-and-mirrors) evangelical hard-sell is not appreciated in Europe, and in Spain the immediate lets-get-down-to-business style is just plain weird. C’mon guys, you have to have a coffee or two, drink or three, night on the town, before beginning those all important negotiations. Oh, and unless you are a lawyer or banker, get rid of the damn tie!
Asleep in the Light is a song that should be banned in any church that has sold out with out reaching out. Its a song that should not grace any i-pod unless you want to remain awake in the night wondering what ever happened to that sales man who knocked on your door that you will never see again or that bus driver who took you to work.
When I first read John Holt's writing, I felt an incredible urge to meet him, to talk to him, to invite him over for dinner. I was so sad to learn that he had died before I'd ever heard his name. His writing inspires me not only due to its subject matter, but because it gives such a clear picture of a kind and good and honest man.
Former White House intern reveals JFK affair (TVNZ)
Celibacy is not an outmoded notion. It remains a very necessary and practical discipline for many … particularly Catholic priests … and apparently … Secret Service agents.
Dear Pnut, we love you and we are so, so sorry. You will be missed by all of us. Thank you for all you have brought to our family.
Until then, he requires pretty regular feeding. His name is Ambition. You can call him 'Ambo', if you like - but it won't make his teeth any less sharp.
What distractions? I have 26 of them to be exact; chicks arrived! A little over a week ago, Hub went to the post office and collected our order of chicks. Yes, post office, they came through the mail from McMurray Hatchery. And yes, they do just fine without food or water for the trip. They still have a remnant of yolk sac that provides them with enough nutrition and hydration, so they do not need to eat or drink for the first three days. This adaptation allows mama chicken to hatch all her eggs, which can take a few days, and then she takes them out of the nest to get food. It also allows hatcheries to ship live chicks via priority mail.
If Harvard can not afford subscriptions to these journals, what are the chances for the universities in Africa? By making the scientific articles only available to the richest, do academic journals help widen the global knowledge divide?
2. Invite others to post their blessing in the comment section.
Gregory: who else is going to be arrested?
Steers is already intimately familiar with the cemetery’s finances — before taking over as its administrator, he was part of a management rotation program, where he spent four weeks in the manager’s office and another four weeks at Public Works doing a financial analysis of the cemetery.
submitted by Linda K Oregon/Alaska
This book was inspired when Nancy Sleeth was talking about hanging her clothes out to dry, and she was asked the question, "What are you, Amish?" That is not the first thing I would think of when it comes to the Amish, but evidently that's the idea some have of the Anabaptist communities!
Congrats, Colleen and Stephanie! Bring home the gold this July!
The story is pretty straight forward, and possiblymaybe could have been interesting in the hands of someone who knew how to write and direct a film properly. The narrative here is nothing new - bringing in a badass to take care of some bad guys that local authorities cannot handle - but it is slapped together in true Turkish cinema style making it more a collection of scenes loosely pasted together and padded with people running and screaming to fill out the time. These are the sorts of films you can honestly have on while not fully paying attention because they are certainly not heavy on plot details.
We will take back our country and protect our land
"The police officers wanted to find out who had smuggled the tobacco, so they started assaulting the detainees in an office," he said.
She had me pinned to the carpet, and herself pinned to me, and her tongue touched her lips as she swirled her hips carefully around my cock, scratching the itch inside her pussy.
Stuff or pipe into shells; place into greased 13-in. x 9-in.x 2-in. baking pans.
Jerome: The Lord asks them not as though He did not know what they would answer, but that they might be condemned by their own answer.
39And through him everyone who has faith is made free from all those things, from which the law of Moses was not able to make you free.
Attaining this status removes the potential for double taxation at both the corporate and the investor level and is intended to help align returns from property held within REIT structures with that held directly.
I tried explaining to the nice woman and the front desk all the things that were wrong with the room but she was mostly concerned with how WN (white nerd) took care of me. I explained he was fantastic…the room…was not.
Now in addition to my Recipe Thursdays, once a month I will be sharing recipes, food tips, and any other dining delight that pops into my head, over at Somewhat Simple. So make sure to look for me the last Tuesday of every month.
When Moses descended the mountain and saw first-hand the revelry of the Israelites, he broke the two tablets on which God had written the Ten Commandments, tore down the calf- idol and burned it in a fire, pulverized the gold into dust which he scattered on the water and made the people drink it.
'Hope springs eternal.'
New Order Portrait of me UK
Each day make ONE comment with your name, facebook name and blog address....
The Father is made of none, neither created nor begotten.
I can't wait to see what this new chapter in Cullman's history will become - new business storefronts, new homes, new church Sanctuaries and stained glass windows. I already know it's going to be beautiful, and I can't wait to take my kids someday!
That was a good excuse to keep on making more and more pendants and to branch out into rings and earrings, and in the leadup to Christmas 2010 a friend of mine sold over 500 at the markets. I couldn't believe that he sold so many just doing one market a week (because it was a quite a small market), and he couldn't believe that I still had so many left over.
How did you get into the music and entertainment industry?
The prosecutor said, “While on the mobile phone to her boyfriend, he had the misfortune of hearing the attack begin.
This world will continue to move in ways that are not our choosing. What will we do with that? Will our response look different to those that are watching?
My gals has been doing a lovely job with some smashing cards to inspire you all once again. Please drop by and give them some love. They do such a wonderful job to inspire you all.
adapted from French Saveurs
I was so so so so so so happy for Henry and Charlotte. I love them and I am so happy to see that their relationship is more than everyone thought. I love that we get to see the Lightwoods, and we learn what their problem is. Some things happen with Jessamine that really surprise me, and as horrible as he is, I loved Nate.
I slept in until 10:30 this morning and I am living up being pregnant.
Herencia – serial novel trilogy
out herding his flock...
Plant something- actually not much. Only my sacrificial cucumbers and some melon seeds that I saved from a really tasty honeydew that I picked up at the store. But soon I'll be planting again.
Unite the Union Gibraltar Branch renew our commitment to, and demand once more, safe and healthy work for all.
In grade eight I wore candy floss pink and mint green almost exclusively.
Sadly, we have to wait until November 2013 for that. Elizabeth will be a sophomore in high school.... that seems like the longest time.
I think it’s a real insight. I’m a literary scholar who uses science to try to understand the vast, witchy power of story in human life. Guber and his allies have arrived through experience at the same conclusions science has reached through experiment.
town on vacation.
According to the VP of worldwide programming strategy, acquisitions and co-productions for Disney Channels Worldwide David Levine, "'Sixteen Wishes'" is a funny and aspirational movie about a young girl who realizes the true meaning of the universal theme, be careful what you wish for. Debby Ryan brings a unique charm and vulnerability to the role of Abby, one that we know our audience will embrace.”
I had arranged a book signing event for Killer Cows at a small-town independent bookstore, which has the distinction of being the oldest bookstore in Oregon. It’s a neat little place, located in one of the town’s older buildings, and stuffed with books by both local and bestselling authors. It’s the kind of place many people romantically think would be a great business to own…a bookstore run by people who love books.
We do not take into consideration that our ancient ancestors had all the time in the world to reach a high level of advancement. In my own short lifetime I have met some amazing people, who have accomplished remarkable achievements before the age of 50. I have often wondered what those people would have achieved if they had lived longer.
“The fact that all six identical bilateral agreements were reached in secrecy among seven Defendants in a span of two years suggests that these agreements resulted from collusion, and not from coincidence,” Judge Koh wrote in her 29-page order.
Hope to see you out at the shows.
Why do people curse so much? At others, certain events, and even innocent objects. I don’t understand at all. Why do people aim harsh, hurtful words at each other when they can be loving and kind instead? I’m terribly frustrated that the world works like this. Why must humans be discouraging? Why?!
Coloring the turkey
There is a point beyond which any analytical framework contrived to deal with subject matter as complex as the de-Islamization of Europe will break down, and ad hoc argument becomes as effective as more rigorous alternatives.
Earlier this year a 34-year-old engineer was jailed for 10 years for posting a video deemed insulting to the monarchy on the website YouTube.
In other words, they have style but not substance, décor but not decorum. They’re trying to stand on Mars Hill with an Acts 17 vibe, but they’re doing it with a Jersualem/Acts 2 DNA.
ps. Thank you to Nina* for giving her consent to letting me write this as long as I gave her a pseudonym.
Secondly, Tuesday was Australia Day. It's un-Australian to do anything that can be considered work on Australia unless you don't have a choice (i.e. those serving food to the rest of Australia who can't be shagged cooking).
Treasures.
I can't say I liked Margie at first. Sometimes people click with you and sometimes they don't. Margie and I didn't click, but I tried. I'm still trying. I think she's trying too.
“But even in such circumstances you must follow the rule of law. If they are identified by informers they should have been detained and questioned. But they were not.”
Add a few joyous bells and perhaps a huge wedding bill
So tell me...how does YOUR family (or families) celebrate the holidays?
However, the police do not own the sites on which the boxes are located, so buyers will either have to move the two tonne structures or obtain all the relevant council documentation to keep them where they are.
Long Beans, 8 pcs, cut into 1” length
Sometimes I worry about putting children in trouble in my books - it can be nerve-racking, oppressive, or disturbing. I have never written about abuse or shown children suffering. But writers are troublemakers. It's our job to give readers heartburn, to keep them biting their nails and flipping the pages to see what happens to all these delightful characters who are at such risk. And I don't actually put children in danger. Only on the page.
I love the patterning in this female flicker.
I think they’re all too thoroughly addled by the moors by now, but see my answer about Catherine Linton, above. I think she’s normal/boring enough to pass in normal society, and could have married out of the insanity.
Soft to the touch yet sturdy, Stamp School felt is a medium-weight 100% merino wool, imported from Holland. Be forewarned, once you craft with it you'll have a hard time ever going back to a blend or acrylic. Approximately 14oz. per linear yard (36x72 inches) and 1mm thick, almost 1/16 inch. Our felt is not flammable, and safe for babies and children.
I am happy here in the button I see him in peace.
~Make a new vintage dish from either my old rags or cookbooks.
When he was a boy, Mr Coffee stole a packet of segs from a shop. It seemed like a good idea at the time, but the walk home was a killer - every step filled with terror and regret. By eleven years old, he knew he was not a recidivist.
Dennis had some adhesive qualities and was an addict of and for love. He was a mentor, friend and volunteer in several spheres. He knew politics and knew his community of birth and subsistence equally well. He died in March but may live eternally between and among those he cherished most. Dennis also had kind words and a great relationship among the girls and youths he loved before.
That’s not all, right? Give me some more ideas!
Baby corns 3-4
The knowledge that it wouldn't have bothered my grandfather as much as it did his eldest son.
Video Premier - $9999
That’s when the shrieking began. Emma was MORTIFIED. Her right pant leg was soaked, all up her sweatshirt and sadly, some even got on her hand. Basically the end of the world to her. She screamed, “Thanks a lot Ben!” And then just started to sob uncontrollably. This made Katie cry, I was yelling at Ben, and Dave was….laughing (it must be his coping mechanism). Ben crawled back up in his seat and just watched the chaos unfold. Apparently he felt a lot better. Once I got as much cleaned up as I could, and Emma’s sobs got a little quieter, Dave said, “What were you doing Ben? What happened???” Ben said, “I started to go and then I think the wind just flew my pee everywhere. Sorry.” Ummmm…really?? I was still in shock. “Ben, there’s no wind, we’re in THE CAR!” He just shrugged and said, “Well, it’s really hard to go potty into a cup when your bumping around on the road.”
As is often the Ale Stars way, our guest was happy to stay back afterwards and chat to the stayers (whose numbers were thin – GABS?) until the bar emptied. It seems to be a pre-requisite that good beer brewers must be generous with their time and affable and charming all the time. Maybe there’s something in the beer ...?
With social tolerance, we can live in a civil society extending friendship and showing respect and courtesy to people who differ from you, whether that difference is something as large as religious truth or as small as which sports team is superior. When people say that Jesus preached tolerance, He did preach this kind of tolerance, seen quite obviously in the commands to love our neighbors as ourselves (Matthew 22:39) and to love our enemies (Matthew 5:43-48). Not that those who differ from us are our enemies (in context, His listening audience would have understood enemies as those who wished them physical harm), but if we are to love even our enemies, how much more so our friends and acquaintances and all the people we interact with?
Elizabeth: Every story is different. With Beyond Bagheria and Barbarossa’s Princess, I had the idea and knew what my ending was going to be. I start writing and aim for the end. With my newest work Bavarian Blue, I don’t know how it’s going to end and it’s really 3 stories in one so I’m having a really interesting time trying to figure things out.
When we hear Jesus call us to “Come Follow Me” and in our response we enter in through the Narrow Gate, we realize that, wthout spiritual guidance, we cannot follow Jesus along the strait or difficult path. In fact, that is one of the characteristics of the strait path. For you see, as we forsake our self-will at the gate, we also leave behind our self-sufficiency – our total dependence must be on the Lord Jesus and the Holy Spirit in everything we do in our lives from this point onwards. That is why the Lord Jesus tells us that, “… the gate is narrow and the road is hard that leads to life, and there are few who find it.” (Matt 7:13-14)
And that’s a very common kindergarten grade level word. You begin to see the difficulty here. So, the sender of the message needs to either explicitly state how he’s using the word or create sufficient context that there can be no ambiguity on the part of the receiver. Unfortunately for the sender (and this is vitally important) it’s not up to him to determine if his message was appropriately constructed.
I have inadvertently joined a critique group, and I am terrified. I keep asking myself, how did this happen? How did I get myself into this? I went to a Saturday morning writers group meeting to hear about self-publishing (electronic). And I happened to mention to the person next to me that I needed to improve my writing, she mentioned a meeting after the meeting for people interested in critique groups. So I thought I would attend and just see what was available. Purely window shopping. But the person running the meeting was quite determined to match everyone up. I considered fleeing (still am considering fleeing), but didn't; as it would seem an impolite response. I hoped the fact that no one matched up well with me, would save me in the end, no match by genre or time availability. But he decided that the last three standing equaled a group. And the two were appallingly agreeable in bending to my early day schedule though I tried to convince them not to be.
Your serpentine was perfect, except that it was supposed to be a straight centerline.
I glanced over my shoulder and saw that the little boy, and whom I assumed were his parents, coming over to us. They were too close for us to make an escape that did not look obvious, so I braced myself for the eventual conversation. My default setting was “crisis, with a side of aggressive response” and this has me on edge, ready for confrontation. Always. Needless to say, it is a tiring way to live. I have been on a personal project to purge violence from my life—physical, emotional, verbal, all of it. Violence has no place for me, as a partner, or as a parent. This isn’t to say that I won’t protect my family, or myself but it is nowhere near the top 10 responses to confrontation—it used to be my first three choices.
Thanks to all who participated in our "CHICKS RULE" Challenge. We will see you tomorrow morning with another fun challenge! Come on out and meet our Guest Designer, Kasey! She has some amazing inspiration for you.
Here she is saying goodbye.
As mentioned on that other blog, the recent unearthing and bootlegging of a fantastic pack of Smiths studio demos/monitor mixes/early versions set the Smithsian world afire. And well it should, as the tracks give a fascinating peek into the compositional aspect of the Morrissey/Marr partnership.
Michael understood completely, because he’s responsible for my obsession with the Southern Vampire Mysteries in the first place. When rumors of True Blood began to circulate, he said, “Molly, you have to watch this. It’s going to be huge, and I know you love vampires as much as I do”. Which was true. I have always loved vampires and since Michael had lived with me for years, he knew all about my Buffy the Vampire Slayer obsession. I watched the DVDs all through college. But I never watch a show or movie without first reading the book, and when I looked into the premise of the series, it sounded pretty stupid. But then one day I was in The Dusty Bookshelf, my local used book store, and saw the paperback of Dead Until Dark for sale and thought, “what the hell”.
Once reality hit me and I realized I had to go to my classes, finish projects, write a speech and present it, plus do a project for tuesday that was due, and write a paper and another presentation I became so overwhelmed very quickly. The burden and stress began to take a tole. I barely had time to breath and I truly just wanted it all to be over. But at the same time, I did not want to throw in the towel.
Delaying diagnosis or not following the diet puts you at risk for related conditions such as:
Shoes: Victoria's Secret
Bank Swallow 1
I tire of the usual “top ten” this,
See you at the next gig!
one of these days
More thunderstorms are expected this afternoon. I think that I'll go sit on the boat later and watch the storms come in. There is nothing like a southern thunderstorm.
"Sure, you have this whiz-bang, whipper-dipper machine that looks at all the elements of the universe, but it doesn't mean anything," said attorney Dave Wymore, a former director of the Colorado public defenders office who fought successfully to exclude such evidence in a triple-murder case and won an acquittal in 1999.
Therefore, Mr Whyte has been fined a total of £200,000, being £50,000 for the disrepute charge, and £50,000 for each of the failures to comply with directions.
I did the groceries last night round 7pm. As I was walking around the supermarket I kept noticing this duo. A teenager boy and a younger boy. They were obviously not well off and really loud. You know how kids can sometimes be. Obnoxiously loud, banging into things with their empty trolleys and generally being a pain. I tried to avoid them but kept bumping into them.
Death saw two players playing at cards,
1/4 c. butter, melted
Another day dawns with the breeze from our open windows bringing the beautiful music of the waves as they break on the shore. A peek from our terrazo reveals a clear, sunny sky. “Our” marina bustles (in a relative sort of way) as fishermen show off their catches to the chefs.
Here are the candy shapes placed rather haphazardly on top of the cake.... and then I sprayed the whole thing gold! I don't think I really knew what I was doing at this point - and I want to underline again that this was before I got into cake decorating in a big way! It looks quite random and having an entire cake sprayed gold is not something I would do again!
If there are any topics that need to be covered or any shenanigans you would like exposed, please let me know. I’m happy to help and I feel like public humiliation is a very strong motivator for changing behavior. If you have a picture you can send to further prove your point, all the better.
Vet's Day Run Haiku's and Limericks:
Things can—and will—go wrong in every job, but when you’re responsible for the success of others, the opportunity for problems rises significantly. It’s not avoiding problems that makes you an excellent manager, but rather how you respond to the glitches, delays and disasters.
Due to the supple as well as many Taiga house the deal which use, this really LV Book bag provides a beautiful rendition associated with planning.
Cars kill many creatures – those animals and birds unable to understand these machines we have made. But maybe one day – if any wild nature remains – cars might be equipped with life detecting sensors that ensure that innocent creatures are not killed on those wheels?
This is Armor for your Online Empire that you simply MUST-HAVE, and it’s FREE! Register for this Wednesday’s training at 9 PM EST… it could quite possibly save your business:
8.GOVERNMENT ISSUE "Asshole (with Ian)"
In light of all this I totally understand where Mitt Romney is coming from. These are his people and his world. And in their eyes it's just not fair that a majority of us want them to pay a higher tax rate than a Mr. and Mrs. Gonzalez trying to make ends meet by pressing out tortillas in Tyler, Texas all day so they can afford to fill up their tanks at the Exxon station on the way to Wal-Mart or Kroger to buy shit for their kids to eat for dinner.
Today we are featuring the sitting room. The tree has the featured location in our bay window and gift wrapped packages are everywhere. Our antique concert grand piano has a flock of angels roosting on it, as does the cast brass fireplace.
So, hopefully, things will improve and I will have more to show you. As I have no images of my own, I wanted to share the work of Riitta Ikonen, a Finnish performance artist.
Shot exclusively in vegas , this story revolves around two extremely opposite individuals Rahul Kapoor , 26 year old uptight architecht, and Raina Braganza , a quick-witted hairstylist , who are exactly what the other one isn’t . Rahul seems to be the Perfect carbon copy of his parents unless one day he loses his job , and the fear of leting them down prevents him from letting this news out to them when due to a result of his twisted fate he meets Raina . A series of episodes makes them meet on Christmas eve for a few drinks , but these few drinks dont really remain few and lead to a unprepared , alchocol driven marrriage.Watch this movie to find out if this great mistake leads to anything close to great love?
The splash pad is my kids' favorite part of the park on a hot day! There is a bathroom not too far from the splash pad where you can change into dry clothes (if you remembered to bring some, amazingly, I did).
If newspaper didn't have so many other uses, I might cancel my subscription. After all, you need a lot of it to make GIANT PAPIER-MÂCHÉ PUPPETS OF DOOM (a little inside Episcopalian joke),
I often suggest people look at their kitchens as an investment. What will the dollar cost translate into value for your home and value for your life? Taking the wall out was a cost item for sure, but the new kitchen they got in return improves their lives SO much more plus has made their home MUCH more attractive for resale.
Contestant: Ummm. . .
I eventually clocked which way the cars were parked..
2008: .377/.525/.610 with 4 homers
And since it goes against my bloggy mantra, I have to show at least one pic in this post. So I leave you with my favorite Pinterest image this week. If a baby giraffe doesn't melt your cold heart and prepare you for the weekend, then you have no hope! Happy Weekend, lovebugs!
So after a busy but not-too-hectic evening, I finally sat down around 2245 to finish up my charting.
After cooling, combine the chilled custard mixture with the Mascarpone cheese and whip until smooth. I used my Kitchenaid mixer with the whisk attachment to do this.
So I called her Peggy and she gave me an odd look. I called her Margaret, and all seemed okay. I said my name was Nick Earls, and I was the doctor who would be assessing her. She said ‘Hello Doctor Nicholls’.
“He’s the mayor,” Lieber replied, serving Brodsky a fat pitch.
BREAK apx 9.00 – 9.20
With our departure now only a month away, there is no down time. Instead, every second is spent researching, investigating and booking hostels, campsites, flights and trains. This constant pressure creates exactly the right conditions for me to work, but sometimes the fact that we’re just over a month away makes me feel like we have more time than we actually do. And that false sense of security leads me to want to procrastinate, only there is no time for it.
Having completed the lengthy and completely unnecessary online application for job-seekers allowance (the dole), I was given a meeting at the Galashiels job centre to finalise the paper work and be officially on benefits. Its somthing I’ve done before. Many people dont know this but if your a student and dont have a job in the holidays the government actually give you money.
Okay, one more and then I will let it go. Because I could go on all day!
Leaf Lace Socks
Flat Tail is in what used to be the Fox and Firkin, which after the creation of the waterfront park is now in a lovely spot on First and Madison with ample outside seating. The location and the outdoor seating give it an advantage over Block 15, at least in these lovely summer months. But whereas Black 15 is squarely in the 'NW Brewpub style' meaning lots of wood and exposed beams and a wee bit of down home funk (thank the McMenamins for creating the blueprint - and I do mean thank, the bright airy style of the NW brewpub was a distinct break from the dark tavern style), Flat Tail is full on collegetown sportsbar style. It has gray walls, black furniture, a touch of gloss, and lots of flat screen TVs. It also is a Beaver heaven with memorabilia covering all the walls. Go Beavs. In the 'do TVs belong in pubs?' debate I fall squarely in the yes camp as I am a hopeless sports fan. I love to have a place to socialize and watch the game while at the same time enjoying excellent house made beer. Though I am not terribly fond of the decor - I prefer the woody NW brewpub style - I am a fan of variety and find Flat Tail a nice break from that tradition.
I bought Shalimar last year because I simply wanted to have a legend at home. I knew I wouldn't be able to handle it so I enjoyed it alone at home, loving the spiciness and the powdery vanilla dry down.
Being born into a faith is a strange thing. It’s like being born with curly hair. Not something that you have any control over. Some see their faith as an asset and do everything they can to enhance and nurture it. Curl defining mousse, hot oil treatments for faith. You name it. Nothing is too much.
Duration: 2 rounds + 2 rounds per caster level
Where Next?
Hey readers,
Thank You for your time: Noel Vegan Spartacus
STEWART S, MURRAY SB, SKULL SA. Evaluation of healthcare worker vaccination in a tertiary Australian hospital. Int Med J 2002; 32: 585-592.
Hilary: But the Lord answered, “They have no need to go,” shewing that those whom He heals have no need of the food of mercenary doctrine, and have no necessity to return to Judaea to buy food; and He commands the Apostles that they give them food. Did He not know then that there was nothing to give them?
I’ll start cooking! Yes!
I drug a blanket out on the front lawn so I could lounge while Isabel rode her bike. I pulled out Ryan’s rideable fire engine and Caterpillar truck, but poor little dude’s legs are too short to push effectively. So he sits on them for a minute, pushes the buttons for noise, watches Isabel speed by a few times, gets annoyed….and sees what else there is to get into. This day was my lucky day, because his idea for alternate fun was to come snuggle with Mom…..and do some more camera hamming. In a rare treat for all of you out there, I’m also making a visual appearance in today’s post.
Drinks wise, the menu is vibrant, with a variety of cocktails and beers to choose from. I’d recommend the signature cocktail, the refreshing Big Chill Punch, a vodka based blend infused with passion-fruit and peach flavours.
7. Data Compression – Compresses and packages data using popular standards such as ZIP, GZIP and TAR to reduce transmission times.
Too young: Trayvon Martin, seen here in a family photo from a ski trip, was simply holding Skittles when he was shot
1/2 teaspoon ginger powder
You’ll see lots of discussion about Social Media ROI (Return On Investment). But as you know, there are lots of everyday activities that are essential to the success of your organization whose value may be hard to quantify. Online wags have asked sarcastically, “What is the ROI of putting on your pants?” Or “What is the ROI of your phone?” Or even more cheekily: “What’s the ROI of your relationship with your mom?”
mowing the yard,
3. get into the Word – make it your life study to know God and His ways and His will and learn to hear His voice – become a person after His heart (like David) get into the Word and learn the promises of God – this is what you will live by!
Father: "I think we have a little problem, Son. Jim at the office has been bugging me for months to sell him the house. To sweeten the deal, he agreed to persuade a friend to move on selling his town house. Long story short, the movers will be through by Friday, your things are in storage and we'll be in our new town house by the end of the weekend. It has two bedrooms, but we need one for my office. I'm afraid we don't have room for you."
“The industry is still having to deal with fraud as well as increasing numbers of personal injury claims, despite the number of crashes on Britain’s roads falling. Industry costs continue to rise at around 10% per year,” he said.
It's something you won't find commonly at a brewpub, so stop in for a pint.
6. How often do you watch cooking shows on TV? I haven’t watched a straight cooking show in a while, but I love watching the Top Chef. My mom loves The Chew, which I’ve never seen, but I plan to check it out this summer when I’m home during the day.
If that hasn’t convinced you ask yourself this. Why did we learn kilometres at school to live in a world where motorway signs denote miles? Why do I buy petrol by the litre but milk by the pint? It’s just plain weird and pointless. There is no point to the hangover of the old imperial system. Like the monarchy, once all the old timers have all died off and the rest of us wonder why they had such strange attachments we’ll no doubt get shut.
That attitude, however, I now see as flawed. Debt is debt. And debt makes me a slave to money, no matter how much I think it doesn't. The recent recession in this country is proof of this. People are foreclosing on homes left and right, home values have dropped to levels far below what people owe. So much for "secured debt".
Lately, Cavern of Souls out of Avacyn Restored has stirred a lot of emotions in the Magic community and it’s understandable. Here we have a card that at least suggest that it will render countermagic near useless against most creature based decks. That proposition is a big deal as one of the most prominent cards of the Standard format is Mana Leak.
If, on the other hand, we have a phenomenal account of memory continuity – that would have to be something like “having memories with the identical qualities” – then we get the problem in reverse, since we cannot establish the causal role of consciousness (which is just another way of putting the phenomenologist’s point that we cannot provide a functional account of consciousness). So a phenomenal account of memory (whatever that might be) would also not be sufficient if used to try to establish personal identity. Identity of representational content and identity of qualitative experience are both necessary, but neither is sufficient, for personal identity. Since the reason that neither account of memory is sufficient is that each leaves the other one out that establishes that they are two different things.
6lbs, 13 oz.
"Many neurologists either do not accept ME as a neurological condition and/or are poorly informed and usually follow, like GPs, the NICE guidelines. The same point applies to GPs. How can GPs develop personalised plans with us, when they have the same attitudes as neurologists?" Susan Rogers, Beckenham, Kent; sick for 2 years
It seems like there’s something about it. I feel that in the periods where I tend to draw closer to God, and meditate more on His Teachings, then I become more relaxed and patient. I tend to see people more positive, and not wanting to get into long intense discussions.
Here are some basic and more advanced tips to help infertility clinics successfully participate in the social media revolution:
There is a clause in every book contract that says the design (and some other things) is the sole preserve of the publisher. You should breathe a sigh of relief, as book design is a tricky thing.
The third verse serves as a brief, misleading diversion into happier memories after the blistering description of the present in its predecessor. The physical situation seems as bleak as the emotional one, expanding upon the obversation in the first verse: Just take a look at your body now, there’s nothing much to save to take in the room in which the protagonist stands to shave, the kind of places you’ve been living in. The picture Cohen paints is all the more disenheartening and overwhelming for being incomplete – we are invited to draw our own conclusions, our own outlines, from details such as there’s no hot water and the cold is running thin. This also stands as a pathetic fallacy, an outward illustration of the protagonist’s emotional state; he has run dry of emotions (hot water) and now tires even of the basic survivalist thought (cold). The state of his cup again hammers home the message - it’s all caked and cracked along the rim - standing in place of his heart. The light is dimming, both the metaphorical light of his will to continue and the physical light of his unpleasant habitation, and as act of lathering up his face begins with another mocking observation the mood darkens again.
Whether through trouble or through pain,
My freshman year in high school was a completely different experience than any other year in school. I was finally in a school with like-minded freaks and geeks, who were all closet nerds. I wasn’t as much of an outcast among them; the school was made entirely of outcast kids from all the local schools. It consisted of kids who were passionate about knowledge in some form or another, and had made the choice to go there. It was a very empowering feeling, not having to dumb down your language, or act a certain way so people wouldn’t judge you.
The peeps talked to the neighbor, telling him (nicely but firmly) that his dogs had been out several times in the few days we'd been there and that he needed to do something about it. They mentioned that we have little dogs and chickens, then they neighbor brought up Plymouth. He seemed genuinely sorry about her, and told us that the dogs belong to his father, an older man who lives there too. He said he's been meaning to put electric fencing along his side (so why hasn't he done it yet??????) and that he was fine with us fixing the fence.
**@ corner ch25 (tie), sl st in 2nd ch from hook and each ch **in sc on neckline, sc in 1st sc on corner and next 4 sc, ch 20(vine), sl st in 2nd ch and each ch, (5sc across row ends, repeat vine in next sc,) repeat 3 more times around front and opposite shoulder, sc 6, **this should put you at the opposite back corner** ch25 for second tie, repeat sl st on ch and down opposite back. Cut off and weave ends.
4) Voltaire - Future Ex-Girlfriend
Book 3:
And with Phantasm, there are moments both big and small here that make the casual viewer stand up (or at least cower in fear) and take notice. A lot of cowering, in fact, can be drawn from this film at one point or another.
Ok... I'd better see you there. Promise? Great!
And that he had to grab what he could
#144 My “run.” necklace
Walmart $17.96 (DVD), $24.96 (DVD/Blu-ray), $27.96 (DVD/Blu-ray/Digital $22.96 after Coupon)
Scatter a spoon full of green peas (I just stir fried in in some butter, seasoned with salt and pepper and some lime juice) and pour the onion gravy on top.
I will pass along more info when I can please keep him and his family in your prayers.
So, the question is not, “Is it easier to buy or sell a home?”, the question becomes, “If you did not lose your job, would you still be in your home?”
Oh, and who started the war again?
Join me next time, won’t you?
In a bowl, whisk flour, baking soda and salt and set aside.
Since exiting the custody of the federal prison system, Traficant has spent time around independent political types, and has mixed it up with those people.
- Pézenas*
This will be followed up with launch of deodorants and shoes in the next nine months. Turtle shoes, which will be competing with brands such as Red Tape, will be priced between Rs 2,995 and Rs 3,995 under the semi-premium category. Clocking revenues of Rs 122 crore last fiscal, the company, which is targeting an earning of Rs 175 crore this year, will be investing about Rs 27 crore to increase its outlets and ramp up capacity. From 55 exclusive stores, it plans to have 100 by this year end, with 60 per cent in tier II and III cities.
Now it's time to get to know another bunch, and even though it's only day two, their little personalities are starting to appear. There's the little one who's decided it's her job to make sure everyone is doing what their supposed to from not touching the fire alarm on their way up the stairs to pushing in their chairs.
But in one night, you decided to give it all away,
And Fusco reveals that Harold Wren is yet ANOTHER alias used by our Mr. Finch, beginning his freshman year at MIT, where he graduated at the top of his class and met Nathan Ingram. But there is no record of Harold Wren prior to 1976! As Fusco puts it, “this guy spent so much time being someone else, he probably doesn’t know who he is anymore.”
Of course, we have to remember why the death penalty started, which was for two main reasons. One was because in the past, society didn’t have the resources, or desire, to spend tons of money keeping alive people who were a detriment to society. While major civilizations could do this, most tribal civilizations couldn’t, and the simple desire for revenge wouldn’t let them. Of course, we live in a major civilization “with” the resources to contain and keep our criminals alive, including those on “death row.” How long we stay that way is questionable, but beyond the scope of this article.
Now all this can do little for the smooth working of government in these most testing of times. Mr Brown is clearly someone who likes to get his own way. For years he wanted the top job, over which he agreed a deal with Tony Blair. Now is it, was it, right that Tony Blair, who said he was going to serve a full term, stepped down to allow a man into the top job who is most obviously not cut out for such a role?
Political differences shouldn’t be a barrier for any assemblyperson to assist the state in carrying on measures that would benefit the people,” but should the state not act as required per the state’s responsibility to remove any such remaining political differences?
The tendency can be seen almost everywhere. Germany is the one major exception. Probably because of the special intimidating power of the Hitler meme there, no harder right party has yet managed to win over a significant part of the electorate there.
2 tsp. Salt
4. I wish I had stayed in touch with my friends.
The Bangla-dash, I’m told, began as something called the Kolkata Walk, a four-kilometre stroll round a cricket ground in the Indian city of Kolkata, aiming to raise $20 for better quality pens in the staff room at the school Marc works for. As he and his American ex-pat mate talked about the concept, they realised their goal might have been over-ambitious given the lacklustre nature of the fundraiser’s name. They workshopped alternatives like the Kolkata Brisk Walk, the Journey to the Centre of the Pitch, the Kolkata Slow Jog before settling on the Kolkata Dash. Marc, I’m told, tossed and turned that night. He also slept fitfully, niggled by the suspicion that he’d missed something.
Stopping on the way only to grab a snack ladled with a generous helping of garum (fish sauce) and to utter a hurried prayer to Jupiter, we soon arrived at the house of Cicero. I took another quick look at the message, in disbelief - “Come quickly Aulus!” Scribbled at the side, almost illegible - a single word. NEX.
One has to wonder why the BWA has chosen to address the situation in this manner. Whatever bad press may be generated by skeptical bloggers--and despite the questions that have been raised about the BWA's structure and operations, I'm not aware that anyone has accused it outright of dishonesty--the kind of publicity created by attempting to silence critics with legal threats is orders of magnitude worse.
A sailor on board the USS John Paul Jones during a naval war games exercise gets a lot more than he bargained for when the Earth is invaded – by a foe lying in wait beneath the waves. Based on the board game from Hasbro, this comes from the producers of Transformers which might account for the look of the aliens.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
However, I make that journey through art works that came to my mind, such as, Bill Reid’s, War Canoe (see news item below) which is paddled by Haida up the Seine 150 km to the city of Paris in 1989, for the celebration of the work of Claude Levis-Strauss (he also paddles for the last few km) and the Museum of Man, Paris. To the art works of Migrations at Tate Britains exhibition, 2012. And, finally Theodore Gericault’s, Raft of the Medusa, 1819, at the Louvre.
We bought our home in January 2003. When the realtor showed us this house we knew this was the one. The couple we purchased it from was a young Chinese couple with no children.
When it comes to organizing my home, my office seems to always be last on the list of priorities. This year however, stream-lining my home office is high on the list of things to do. Is it on yours? If yes, here are five simple steps to making your office space functional and beautiful…
Put the chocolate and butter into the top of a double boiler (or in a heatproof bowl) and heat over (but not touching) about 1 inch of simmering water until melted. Meanwhile, whisk the egg yolks with the sugar in a mixing bowl until light yellow in color. Whisk a little of the chocolate mixture into the egg yolk mixture to temper the eggs - this will keep the eggs from scrambling from the heat of the chocolate; then whisk in the rest of the chocolate mixture.
So there we have it. They don't make them like that any more (the sports jackets, the pop festivals or the pop stars), more's the pity. The Montreux Jazz Festival is still going strong though, which is kind of comforting in a way, even if it does involve jazz.
ironic product placement is only ok if you take no money & beyond that give all the income to something ironic. like the Klan.
this is my first blog ever. welcome.
Also, I remember one of my doctors in the UK telling me that I thrive on stress, I think he was right!!
At the front of the house, the original part of the garden has Yew hedging and herbaceous borders, given over this time of the year to Spring plants and a mass of Forget-me-nots wherever you look.
An apartment makes sense for us. We need two bedrooms (serious snoring on his part, despite surgeries and therapies). He works part of the time on the trip, sometimes in the middle of the night. We like to receive friends; we also enjoy the break from eating every meal in a restaurant. A washer/dryer makes traveling light easy.
I got such excellent feedback on last week's car that I thought I'd stick with another masculine digi for this week's FREEBIE. Inside this adorable button shape is a suit & tie. Perhaps this dapper fellow is heading off to prom or a fancy Father's Day dinner. What event do you think?
I also amassed silver and gold for myself, and the treasure of kings and provinces.
The previous albums J Mascis released under his own name never felt too distinct from the band he's best known for -- a solo acoustic live record full of Dinosaur Jr. songs, and two J Mascis & The Fog albums that sounded exactly like Dinosaur but just happened to be branded differently. Now that he's gotten back together with Lou and Murph for a couple of good albums and a bunch of tours, though, J Mascis has finally decided to forge a distinct musical identity as a solo artist, even if it's just about exactly what you'd expect or hope for as far as a mellow and gorgeously produced acoustic studio album from J.
Sometimes I forget that people actually read this blog. I know it sounds daft but it always takes me pleasantly by surprise when someone says "I was reading on your blog the other day..."
I talked about the disappointments that have happened
However, I know that I am not. I can be reasonably certain beyond a shadow of a doubt that I am on my laptop, that 2+2=4, that evolution is real, that a god does not exist, and much more. I know these things. There are mountains of evidence supporting them and no evidence whatsoever to the contrary. There is no faith involved, nor is there any need for it, because I know it to be true.
No kidding!
Suzi will also be picking one of the entries to join us as a guest designer for one of our forthcoming challenges as well as their favourite top 3!
And yes, I would recommend this book to a friend.
1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 Perfect Wide Grip Pull Ups…Naturally return to the floor and perform the following:
There is another remarkable feature that stands out in Wallerstein (1999) – the substitution of actual social relations between people with a wide range of interests and the narrowing and standardized disciplinary categories that differentiate between academics in the social sciences. Wallerstein fails to notice that sociology or anthropology could not exist without practitioners. The idiosyncrasy that characterizes each individual approach to the theoretical and practical understandings imposed through the methodic indoctrination of a particular academic disciplinary faction are bound to well defined and restrictive intellectual genealogies.
Also recently circulated an email scam that profiteer name Mark Zuckerberg directly through the lure of a free-for iPad 3.
For all of you who are in Canada, Happy Canada Day weekend! For all of the rest of you, enjoy the rest of the week & weekend too. Everyone should light some fireworks, no matter where you are!
Stir-Fry Chayote with Fresh Black Fungus
The Jesuit-trained prelate was one of the founders of the MCCBCHST in 1984. Since its formation, the interfaith council has become the leading voice for the protection of religious liberty of non-Muslims in Malaysia.
UMNO still owes an apology to the Malay rulers
When Kunti called Sun god with a mantra to test the validity of the mantra, which was provided to her by a sage who was happy with her service towards her when the sage came to her palace (after all the women empowerment and liberation are key factors here) she got scared and wanted the Sun God to go away, but he pleaded his helplessness against the power of mantra. (she was one with captivating spell)
Another burrowing owl from reader Pete Moulton:
Everyone is here.
5. Love of My Life (03:05)
treading leaves and roots
to milk, when she sat bent,
A $50 gift certificate (if local) OR a free photography/modeling service to a commercial client from a Hope and a Wish Photography
Ceiling Fasteners - $3.92 (2 pack)
The March challenge is to draw a sheep. Yep, drawing. I can't tell you how many times I've had people tell me how they wish they could draw, but just can't. I didn't think I could draw either - and there's a ton of room for improvement for sure - but one day I just decided to give it a try.
NOTE: The heart of fools proclaimeth foolishness
"create a progeny" is a very stilted way of saying what you mean here. And why is Marine (egad, what a name) conflicted? What's inherently wrong with what the Duke wants? Who wouldn't want what he wants?
I find it quite peculiar that every single time I plan on typing or writing “2012,” I always manage to screw it up and write “2010.”
My own favorite krewes:
Not too far from its star, not too close. So it could contain liquid water. The planet itself is neither too big nor too small for the proper surface, gravity and atmosphere.
'The Question' will be a series for this blog where every so often, I'll post a question in the title, accompanied by a short post. Its main purpose is to get bloggers and readers talking and sharing ideas. They may be controversial, funny or just plain weird. Each of the posts will be labelled so that if you want quick access to all 'The Question' topics you can find them in the topic list in the right column of the blog...
There, I said it. You pervy people who keep coming here looking for that? That ship has sailed. You normal people who keep up with me, you know that my running-around-the-house-naked love affair with Yanni happened last summer; and quite sadly I've now entered into territory where Yanni is the equivalent of Lord Voldemort, or He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. And really, what self-respecting rabid fan would subject her musical sex-symbol-of-yesteryear to the anathema of Generations X and Next? No, not me. The young'uns can have their beat boys and that Fitty Cent guy.
Conservatives love to talk about slippery slopes. Instead of focusing on the slippery slopes of abortion, or (gay) marriage, maybe take a look at the slippery slope where a Canadian calls their political representative, and the representative calls the fricken police to intimidate the citizen so they don’t keep their uppity idea that this is a democracy. I don’t think Canada, or I, can handle sliding down that particular police state slope.
Nestled Bird.
A fronting-desk broker usually gets 1 pip of commission of the spread (a pip is just the lowest “tick”) as compensation for securing clients. But your trading agreement is with the trading broker, and your account is with the trading broker rather than the fronting desk broker – that’s just a pass-through. That increases the spread a bit. Many brokers can go direct, which means you download their platform and you can save that pip.
Made during the height of the screwball comedy era, this is the movie where Cary Grant perfected his screen persona of the debonair and charming rake. George and Marion Kerby, a pair of gadabouts, played by Grant and Constance Bennett, live the good life during the Depression but its cut short when they die in a car accident in their beloved speedster. The car is ultimately purchased by Cosmo Topper, played by Roland Young, who also has an accident but survives; however, the result is that he can see the Kerbys and they take it as their life’s ambition….um, make that afterlife’s ambition…to turn around the stuffy Topper’s prim and proper life and teach him the meaning of fun. The point was that life was too short not to live it to the fullest, a point that may have been lost on Depression-era audiences who were struggling just to keep their families fed. Still, Topper is and remains an iconic movie of the era, one that would inspire not only several sequels of its own (although none with Grant, who had become too big a star by that time) but also a TV series in the 50s, a TV movie and now, a remake starring Steve Martin that is reportedly going to begin filming soon.
There’s no guarantee that if you read to your child, take her to the library, and model reading for her, she will become an author. But this much I know: books and reading can endow her with knowledge, imagination, a good vocabulary—and strong arms!
I hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving dinner with family and friends.
Anytime there is mention of suffering, typically for the righteous, perseverance will follow. We always speak of Job having great patience when in reality he was not very patient with his friends or God for that matter. However, Job in fact persevered through his tremendous suffering. Job suffered more than any other man up until that point. The ironic thing about Job’s suffering was that he was considered righteous before God. Job is like Christians today. Because of Christ, we are considered righteous before God and yet we still suffer (even more so than in our old life). Although Job did not expect it, we should. Job persevered until the end and was blessed immensely by God. We may not see material blessing in this life but we do have the hope in Christ of that glorious future eternal blessing that awaits us.
There is no end to Instagram as some people seem to think. Instagram is going to continue to grow and become even better as it would have even if Facebook had never become involved.
Labour have been trying to spin this all afternoon and as the day goes on their rebuttal gets weaker and more tired.
The first part of our mission as Vital Cross Church reads, “Leading people to become fully devoted followers of Jesus Christ…” but what does it mean to follow Christ? What is at the heart of discipleship?
AIGA is the national professional association for design, committed to advancing design as a professional craft, strategic tool and vital cultural force. At the local level we produce various events throughout the year that inform, entertain and join the graphic design community together. We have some 500 members in the KC chapter and a 2000 person communications reach.
FACTOID: Nolan becomes the second director to complete a trilogy of superhero films (Sam Raimi was the first for Spider-Man).
“There started to be some papers published that suggested if you administered anesthesia to animals during development, it would cause some of the nerve cells in the brain to die, which would then lead to later changes in learning and behavior,” Warner told FoxNews.com. ”I and my colleagues had a real difficult time believing this would be true in children, so we tried to think of some way to look at this in people.”
2) Shallots – 5 pcs, sliced and fried until golden brown. Put aside, for garnishing.
Another reader at EPJ had this to say regarding the difference between the professions:
My husband was a sweetie and took me out to Tijuana Flats for one of my favorite meals for lunch today, TACOS mmmmm so good. I then proceeded to take way too many pictures of the tacos, nibble on said tacos, and then regret how fast I ate dos tacos.
Oh you know I love a good foo dog plus green grass cloth ah heaven! I love all the pops of green that she uses all throughout the space. I love her personal style as well! She could totally fit in with these girls.
It was time to make a decision. It was time to start looking at the real severity of the situation. It was time to wake up and face the awfulness that had been happening the measly few hours we were trying to save our basement. I started to take a closer look. I wasn't happy with what I was finding. Our baseboards were all swelling and corners were splitting. Doors were swelling. Furniture was cracking. Our fireplace was expanding. So was the rest of the furniture. It was ALL splitting and expanding! This was bad. Real bad.
The property was bought by W D Caroe in 1907 and over 100 years later the Caroe family are still resident; it is the present day Caroe family who tend to the garden.
That means I have been here for 20 years this year! I did make it to London for a wedding back in 1997, but I love it here!
My daughter loves to carry her new backpack pretending like her big sister.
I mean,
This weekend I was wandering the web and found an extensive site for Systematic English Language Development (SELD) teachers. Whittier City School District has a website dedicated to SELD. They have 15 weeks of lessons with pictures, thinking maps, and songs. Their lesson plans are extensive and follow the SELD lesson plan format. It appears that they have lessons for only Intermediate language level, but they cover 3 grade levels at that language level, K-2, 3-5, 6-8.
I enjoyed making this little gift card it is a case from the Idea Book and Catalogue on page 87, I have used the stamp set called Itty Bitty Bits, there is also a punch set Itty Bitty Shapes punch Pack plus buttons to match, I have used all 3 for the gift card.
Are you our Belle for the last challenge?
Over the latter part of last week, it seems like my inspiration has gradually deserted me. I had big plans for things to crochet, but suddenly none of it appeals to me at all.
You dwell in your own enchantment. Life throws stones at you, but your love and your dream change those stones into the flowers of discovery.
to be thrilled by the stars at night;
The world needs more pintxos. These bite-sized snacks aren't common in Australia, but they're found all over bars in northern Spain, usually available at a self-serve counter for patrons and eaten at leisure over a beer.
(1) focus on the study of actual behavior;
In short, the Greens have a reasonable idea that winds up creating more infill rubbish and water loss than ever existed before they had it. Just like computers and the paperless office, if you follow.
“Okay, open the doors.”
Corn-rows/Cane-rows are plaits which lay flat along your skull. I've got corn-rows up front and the back is regular 3-strand plaits in this 2009 December pic. And we found that taxidermied squirrel in our office. No, I don't know why. Also, I'm a one antlered reindeer. I laughed at my neighbour because his Santa pants had a hole. My antler promptly fell off in response. Kharma.
yet when we read something funny
Home-keeping dogs have homely wits,
So as for the adjusting… well, like I said, Edward and I are adjusting just fine. Now Vincent? Not so sure…
Whenever you walk in a store
Given this, it's a safe bet that elderly reloading equipment will be special to the 'ol fat man. Pictured above, an example.
Did we spend the last six years watching a story about people caught up in the middle of a real life issue that involved a stay on an "Island" that really was a lab, run by powerful people all for the sake of betterment of man, or a real plane crash on a magical "Island", or is it strictly the metaphysical journey of levels of birth, enlightenment, death and rebirth.
I finish by reiterating my opening comment about this being the best film from 2007 that I have seen. Although I ultimately cannot sign on for the Romanticism of the film, it touched me and made me think and it did so with respect for both its subject matter and its audience.
