1/3 (3 oz) cup sugar
With all the political unrest in Africa regarding Elections everyone has been on high alert. The mood here is calm panic. In the days leading up to the elections people were stocking up on the basics; rice, drinking water, toilet paper and can foods. We went to the market and got the following; 5 chocolate bars, raisins, yogurt, chick peas (for hummus), tomato paste, pasta, rice, feta cheese, brie and lots of baguettes to freeze. We were prepared. So many people were predicting big riots or demonstrations in this capitol city, Yaounde. Walter and I really stocked up.
The Plaza accepts students from St. Cloud State, St. Cloud Tech, and anyone associated with the University. The Plaza is not accepting families and is unavailable for co-ed housing.
Police Views
209) blessings of fresh veg from the farm and grapes from my sister's vine
Turmeric Powder- ½ tsp
On a Saturday morning we went to the Portland Farmer's market, which was definitely the best farmer's market I've ever been to, and supposedly one of the country's oldest. Situated in a lush park, there were tons of old school and new school farmers displaying their weekly crop. It was so lovely to walk through and see the wood shingled trucks, and the farmers proudly talking about their product. We were staying in a hotel, so buying lots of produce wasn't really an option - but we did eat a whoopie pie or two, and gobbled down a few bins of blackberries and blueberries as we walked the market.
Right about now, my fellow NaNoWriMo buddies who began on November 1st, should be nearing close to 23,000 words on their novels. Some of them have surpassed the mark and I applaud their momentum. I began seven days ago (the reason for that is long). I just finished word number 14,434 and had to take a break because my brain is mush and will not work on this story for me in the conscious realm anymore today. I'm going to mull some plot decisions around in my head while I eat a bowl of popcorn and watch a re-run of Frasier because that show never fails to make me laugh my head off.
It doesn’t matter what you think.
lot
actually, I quite enjoyed myself. But I felt like such an intruder, such
I was snapping away madly throughout the set, only to have a bouncer come over and tell me in a not-so-friendly tone, "no more pictures." I told him that the doorman let me in with my camera, but he was having nothing of it. Whatever. I still had the upper hand, as I rattled off 75 pics before getting shut down...
5) Trip Insurance: Look into trip insurance. This protects your trip from unforeseen circumstances such as weather that may cause your trip to be cancelled. www.insurancefortrips.com is a great resource.
Her face fell, and she sadly sighed, “Ohhhhhhh.” I instantly felt bad that I had maybe hurt her feelings… or shattered the myth that white people don’t sweat. I mean, it was like I had just told her that Santa Claus eats reindeer jerky, people. =/
I really liked Paranormalcy, and it’s definitely one of the more interesting paranormal books I’ve read.
Rev. Betty Byers
I am looking at 3 different long trails to go backpacking this spring. We need a few more things before we can head out (3 backpacks, 2 sleeping pads and a cold-weather sleeping bag), so I have been keeping an eye out for sales locally and also on Craigslist. The kids think 22 miles is enough for a trip. I was thinking 75...I imagine they are right, we need some more experience before we just jump into a week-long trip. *sigh* Sometimes I wish life were more like my daydreams. hahaha
“The box that I put all those other clothes in for the move.”
When Baker calls the drink large, he is not kidding. One would need 6 ounces of cognac and a whopping 18 ounces of champagne to construct two of these drinks as written. That is almost an entire bottle of champagne for two people. Well, let's just say that no one will every accuse Mr. Baker of not knowing how to party. I have learned from experience, though, that when Mr. Baker calls for a 14 to 16-ounce glass, it is prudent to cut the recipe in half. At least until I have tasted it.
How did I get to talking about terrors? I guess my idea of using systematic creativity to make monsters wasn't quite enough; the interesting mechanics must be situated in some related concept. And for monster concepts, our own fears and squicks are the best place to look. But it's cool, I like how the idea of the Low People that I came up with from the scary snake direction, and the encumbrance increasing that came from looking at the game systematically, work well together.
Shadows replicate shadows in space and inside the caves of academia
Yesterday all her numbers stabilized. Medication doses are still being adjusted. One of her meds is very food dependent, so we need to make sure she is eating consistently before each dose.
I’m glad I managed to pick this up earlier, and I’ve been loving it so far. Now that it’s available in the US, it’s a really good time to consider picking it up if you haven’t already done so. Every girl needs a hot pink blush right? =P
It's not clear what the actual basis is for the "parity" demanded by Libous and DeFrancisco. Are there the same number of drivers in the Hudson Valley as transit riders in New York City? As many drivers Upstate as in the City and the Island combined? Or is it based on land area, or taxes paid, or political contributions, or spiedie consumption? I don't have figures for those criteria, but let's take a look at the commuting population and how they get to work, from the 2005-2009 American Community Survey:
Give me a minute..... let me have my little pity party in this post.
But the reason I decided to have a highwayman in my story was because I read about Claude du Vall. With my love of the restoration period, he had to be my highwayman of choice. He was dashing and fashionable, everything you need in such a man, and, allegedly, never resorted to violence. But what really made me warm to him was the fact that he agreed not to take everything from one of his victims if the man's wife agreed to dance with him. Here he is at that very moment. (You wonder why they
The first photo is of the Citadel and the other of a more interior view of Alhambra... taking in the beautiful ornately carved arches and sunlit fountains.This was a wonderful stopping off place for me and I will always remember these beautiful images...it was as if I was really there! The four finished pieces are under the title of Citadel in my sidebar.
“What about to?”
2 By The Riverside 9:31
It is shocking to me that the ole reliable Spurs have come to the forefront of the Western Conference. Just like every other year, I counted them out at the beginning of the season and said that this would be the year it all fell apart. But thanks to great moves by the front office, this is the deepest team in the playoffs. After an exhausting regular season, that depth may be more important than ever. And don’t you for one minute forget about Tim Duncan. The man is still a force to be reckoned with in the paint. Don’t let his numbers fool you, they are down because he is playing a career low 28.2 minutes a game. Yes, he is getting old, but he gives this team an inside presence that can cause huge matchup problems for lots of teams. And I haven’t even mentioned that Tony Parker is playing like he is 22 again, Manu Ginobili is bouncing back slowly but surely, and they’re second in the league in scoring at 103.5 points a game and first in three-point shooting (39.5%). Be afraid, be very afraid.
The next card I had started way back in summer when I got home from Gatlinburg. We met my SIL Beth and her family down there. They were staying for a while but we went down for a day and had fun shopping at the Super Scrapbook Store together. I bought some new JustRite stamp sets and knew which one I wanted to use to make a special card for Sandy. I stamped and punched out the center and it just set on my desk forever. This past week I made her card. It was hard to get a good picture but here it is:
I’ve been trying to get up early most mornings and run or do some yoga before school. The thing is, when we get off the sailboat, I’m the strongest, tannest, leanest, limberest, best physical version of myself I’ll be all year. This morning regimen is just my way of hanging on to a little of that for as long as I possibly can, the ultimate goal of course being next winter when we get back on the boat. The serious decline usually starts around September, when I’m exhausted from summer and convinced I can slide by with less exercise and more beer until cross country ski season kicks in. Talk about coasting down hill, and I’m not referring to the skis. At any rate, I’ve found a yoga guy I really like, whom I can listen to with my little Ipod in my little ears in the silence of the early a.m., and I can sneak in about an hour of sweat while the rest of the house sleeps. I did a new podcast yesterday, and he started the class off with deep breaths. Big deep breaths, he told us, fill up, and then sip in more. Now MORE. Stretch your lungs like any other muscle, lengthening and deepening. I think he knew how school was going to shake out yesterday and wanted to get me good and bendy. Don’t coast. Be present. Now stretch and do more.
Monday was more fun times. Saylee had a birthday party and Madi got to go to a friends. Cole and John played Big Game Hunter 2012 while Roo took a nap. Later we went to the mall to maybe go to a movie, but we decided to wait til there was one we really wanted to see. The kids played at the playground and got some energy out. Then home for calzones, and we rented 'Mr Popper's Penguins' which they thought was quite funny. Off to their own beds and time for normal routine. It was a great weekend!
I also made some of these beauties and foofed them up with 2 or 3 different paints, images, glitter, lace, and whatever else struck my fancy. I'll have them up in my shop this weekend also. I got the idea for these from the Christmas issue of Jeanne d'Arc Living. It really is a nice issue (yes, aren't they all, right?)-lots of serene decorating ideas.
When it is all said and done, a Christian who runs a home repair business is not more qualified because of his faith, but in his experience, and training. I would hope they would have good business ethics, but it definitely does not mean they are supernatural to drive nails straighter, or get painting done in less time.
Please visit often and leave comments.
Are Korean barbecue owners from South Korea? Do they wear cowboy hats, and instead of mechanical bulls do they have mechanical water buffaloes in their establishments? I know I already asked this, and I don’t believe in stereotypes, but what kind of meat is used in Korean barbecues? I would never say that it was man’s best friend, but I had a friend who was in the military. He was stationed in South Korea and he said that only the wealthy have dogs as pets, and the dogs never go out unless they are escorted by security guards. He also said that a woman wearing a fur coat once inadvertently wandered across the border into North Korea, and was never seen or heard from again.
-The anti-semitic nonsense in the Passion Narrative and in Revelation makes hatred for Jews seem reasonable. After all, they killed the son of God. The line in Revelation takes the cake though: "I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan." ~Revelation 2:9
Kleinfeld’s new Men’s Department has a great guide to the different formal wear and suiting style for men. You can see it, along with their product selection, at kleinfeldmen.com.
(Another gem by a facebook friend)
The background paper is Pink Paislee's new mistables paper.
The last paragraph is what pissed me off. “The 99% can’t take more of a system that’s rigged for the 1%.” What?! Obama is the 1%!
I want so much for H to be the HoH. I want to submit to him. I hope he realizes how much this means to me. Last night he stuck his hand down my shirt and pinched and pulled at my nipple, his eyes lit up, I really think he loves being rough with me. We were making dinner and playfully he started spanking my ass, I didn't want to sound like a wuss but I think I have a very sensitive bottom because through my jeans I could feel my buns burning. I guess I have some tolerance to build up to! And how do you keep spanking quiet in a houseful of kids??
Steve solo - Solitaire/Clap
(1 John 5:21)
All of these stamp sets can be purchased at K.Andrews Art Stamp Designs. It's a gift that you can keep for yourself but it's also a gift that gives. $1 of every stamp set is donated to charity. Perfect for giving this time of year.
My other vegetarian meals were meals that I eat often, but do not realize they are vegetarian. I had spaghetti, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, lots of salads, and macaroni and cheese.
Jablonski, N.G., & G. Chaplin. (2000). The evolution of human skin coloration. Journal of Human Evolution, 39, 57-106.
I'm a huge lover of country music...and converted Hubby years back. Now we listen every Sunday morning together while making breakfast. I love Sundays.
Walk into the National Museum and head into the “Malaysia Now” Exhibit at Gallery D and you will see him among the nation’s literary greats. National laureate A Samad Said, a dimunitive man with a larger than life persona and much revered by Malaysian.
The repositioning that I have spoken to you about is beginning to take place, says the Lord. It is no longer something that is out somewhere in the distant future, but I tell you that you are even now starting to step over the threshold into the next phase of spiritual experience and opportunity. Do not be afraid to be bold in embracing all that I have for you in this season. For some, this will seem to you like it has been a long time in coming, but in reality you are just now situated or in the right position to receive. Rejoice!
The other big plus is that authors get paid more frequently for e-books. With my print publisher, I was supposed to get a royalty statement a couple times a year. Many only pay annually. Amazon puts money directly into my bank account, every month. Smashwords and Barnes & Noble work the same way.
08 Willow
It has been a very busy couple of days. Since I've last posted, we've gone to the Queen's Creek Olive Mill, I've visited the pool and read, went shopping to Target (I love Target), hiked Camelback Mountain and relaxed. What have you been doing on your Spring Break boys and girls?
(CNN) — Law enforcement officers may secretly place a GPS device on a person’s car without seeking a warrant from a judge, according to a recent federal appeals court ruling in California.
However, there is one other effect of Glucocorticoids. They enhance the limbic system in the brain. The limbic system helps us store our emotional reactions in events. We often like to remember how we responded to a certain event.
This 80 minute waste of time starts off a heavy metal montage of women being disemboweled, while our killer makes his stupid mask. This was the first sign to me that this movie was headed in a bad direction. And then the movie finally starts, and it just gets worse and worse. The opening scene is a woman waking up in a coffin. She manages to knock the coffin over and make her way from the funeral parlor to the morgue (which just happens to be located in the same building). Our heroine, who looks like she just stumbled into the set of this movie (after many bouts of plastic surgery), is about as resourceful as a man without hands trying to climb a mountain (though he’d probably manage better). Apparently spending a short amount of time in a coffin causes you to become mentally retarded and to suffer amnesia. This girl (dumb girl or DG for short as we’ll call her from now on) doesn’t remember her name but is somewhat able to use the phone to call for help.
What I didn't love was the daily/weekly process of washing out the baggies and hanging them to dry in the kitchen. It was time consuming and unsightly and needed to be done frequently. After a few washes, into the trash those baggies went. I know, I know, it's an awful, very un-earth friendly thing to do.
Up here, the landscape is pine forest, high mountains, meadows and running streams. The people in my neighborhood are also radically different from those “down below,” and are made up of a much lower, working class group who drive beat up trucks, do real work and socialize with each other over cans of cheap beer. Far more conservative and mainstream: cowboys and guns. But no posturing and false air kisses or superficial hugging that goes on down below. People up here are willing to be seen and are out and about on their daily chores alongside their neighbors.
For the topping combine the sugar, flour and cinnamon in a small bowl. Add in the butter pieces and cut into the dry ingredients with a pastry blender or two forks until mixture is coarse and crumbly. Transfer to the refrigerator until ready to use.
You played in punk bands throughout your adolescence and are known for doing things your own way. Is that a by-product of the punk ethos?
Asafoetida -1 pinch
Fail for the week – did not even come close to the 25km in 2 hours I spoke about in my last post. My long run was yesterday, and to be honest I just wasnt feeling that crash hot! I started off well, hoping to run 21km in 100 mins, but I really just didn’t have it in me on the day, ended up running 23.6km in the 2 hours. This isn’t a bad run by any means! Just a little disappointed, but if was definitely an off day (which unfortunately has carried over to today as well!).
“You claim you got clocked in the eye by a wristwatch-wielding fiancée,” the magazine wrote, charging that English was making a “laughingstock” of himself, according to Page Six.
- America is a racist, hateful country, an unfit place to raise a black boy
Thanks for stopping by! Be sure to visit Mo's Challenge blog to see the fabulous creations from my wonderful teammates! We hope you'll join us this week! We always love seeing your beautiful projects! Don't forget that for every 25 entries, Mo awards a $5 GC to her store! I'm sure you'd like to be that lucky winner!
We will gather in Jill Rosenwald's fabulous studio space in Fort Point. Please bring wine and/or snacks to share with the group.
27.) I Passed 26 Of My Own Bills In One Year - NOT EXACTLY, they were
Cardstock: Stampin up - White, Brocade Blue; PTI - Orange Zest
People have begun moving away from the school children as the full glory of the morning sun shines to my right and I realise the windows are tinted pink, lilac and lavender. It was a false colour I saw on the town.
I’ve made mistakes, I’m just a man
5. Windsor Terrace
Maritess: Yeah.
I have already taken my bike ride but no partners today, had to ride by myself. I had a good ride and did just a little stretching of the hamstrings this morning. I feel good.
*hot chocolate & rolls
WHEN & WHERE: Items can be delivered to: Hillsides 940 Avenue 64, Pasadena, CA 91105
The prams and bags and shuffling feet
I live with four of my best friends. And I love them for so many reasons. Truly, we’ve been through the fire and the rain together. Life is never boring.
Now a lot of non-geocentrists are going to look at that and say, Okay, but I agree with that. How exactly does that clearly teach geocentrism? Bob deploys another passage from the Catechism of Trent to try and answer that:
1 cup of granulated cane sugar
Add salt and sugar, remove from heat. Serve with rice cake, flat bread or flavored rice.
My go-to favorite for foodie-friendly happy hour on the westside, Waterloo & City, brought Chicken Liver Foie Gras Mousse complete with aspic in little plastic shot glasses, served up with a slice of baby baguette. Loved this - it was a little pungent but still a sollid tasting.
In the meantime, I wish Mr Brosius would create a really interesting scented candle or fragrance. Personally, I'd really love one that smells like New York – you know; urban-y and architecture-y and fume-y, with a top note of new-clothes-on-sale, the summer grass at Bryant Park, and the ambiance of Balthazar. Now that's a fragrance I'd spray!
This post isn’t about beer, it’s about cider. A drink I really only like in its mainstream commercial form. I quite the odd pint of “real” cask pong, I’d run a mile from the rancid gut rot sold as “real” cider. The cheapest mainstream cider fits into the value ranges and unlike the value ranges of beer it actually has an acceptable taste and abv. It’s a bit watery compared with a Magners but not so much as to be unacceptable or unpleasant considering 2 litres can be bought for more or less the same price as 568ml or 500ml if you’re buying a regular brand.
August 14 – Portland, Waterfront Park
3.) Excuse yourself to the bathroom at least five times. Tell him it's because you prefer to throw up your food instead of getting fat. Also inform him that he'll appreciate it when you two get married. This might get you a second date, though. I heard that guys love talking about marriage with a woman they just met. Also, be careful on the baby subject.
She needed a Valium or Percocet. Her head hurt like hell and she had work again tonight. Normally, she would not work back-to-back nights, but her habit was getting expensive. Her purse was on the other chair. She didn’t remember putting it there and rolled her eyes as she stuck her foot under the strap and brought it toward her.
How fortunate am I to be his mom and be here for this process!?!
7. Choose your effect - black & white, sepia, or vivid (I chose vivid above)
She died Monday at the Lillian Booth Actors’ Home in Englewood, N.J., home administrator Jordan Strohl said. She had lived in New York City for many years before moving to the home in March.
Songs written recently
Stage 10 in Added Collect 100 assistant coins.
for this one, I removed a leafy stem and then added the heart and red flowers.
Hope is transient. Hope is ephemeral. Hope is hard to pin down. Hope is hard to keep up with. Hope is a friend of mine in Colorado. Truly – she changed her name to Hope because she refused to be a Sissy anymore.
by Diane Bahr, MS, CCC-SLP
E@L sips it and it's fine, it's nice, but a second or two after swallowing there a suggestion, a mere whiff, sure enough, of airplane fuel, and like he hasn't had a whiff of that every now and again, stuck on runways forever. If it was always so simple to get a word for these aromas and tastes. Kero is the big easy one. Horse-saddles, not so obvious...
Ink: black archival ink, real red
And I basically jumped out of bed and eeeeeeeeeeeeeped (that’s like, a yaaay except not) because she’s back! I love her. Have I mentioned that already? UGH, she’s so adorable.
And what a perfect host he has been . He was personally there supervising everything from stage management to sitting arrangements at 6.30 pm sharp, in fact before that because when some of us reached at 6.30, he was already there greeting us with that infectious smile. Mrs. Sushmaji Chamaria personally supervised the menu and it did reflect on the quality of food served. Mr. Pulak , his son and daughter in law were also present at that time to greet us. They made us feel so comfortable, that nowhere did it feel that we were actually the guest for the event. In fact at 6.30 when the stage was being set up, he actually apologised to us for being late as according to him the guests would start coming in by 7 , the time invited. and they did, his friends and colleague were there by 7, 7.15 max. This was the first LAPD lesson learnt that day . Respect the time …ours and others.
One step at a time, family, one step at a time....
I really hate the word tween so let’s just stick with pre-teen.
A sop to critics
13. My husband is my boyfriend. :) In the show and in life. Isn't that nice?
yesterday I had one of my now thankfully not that rare catch ups with illustrator extraordinaire Christingpher. Coming up in the next post are the details of our wander, but I want to tell you some more about the Bath Hotel. This is the 3rd time I've been since Thornbridge started running it and I wanted to provide a further update on what changes have taken place, and how its settling in to the comfortable seat that was the Bath under Brian.
We have a TON of new weather maps on the Weather Observatory web-site - these include temperatures, wind speed, dew points, heat index, barometric pressure, predicted rainfall, climate forecast, medium and long range maps, forecasts and more! Click here
David turned his key in the front door, opened it, and quietly made his way into the dark hallway. A solitary light came from deep inside the house. He dropped his briefcase and overcoat in the hall closet, loosened his tie, and started toward the gleam. As he was passing through the living room, the table in the shadows of the dining room caught his eye.
These are some of the cards we did, simple yet nice. They made 16 in total, 2 each of 8 designs.
Now, Brittany pulled me aside and told me that Connor really liked us and appreciated everything we'd done for him, so to show his appreciation, he bought us this at the store...
1. Sit at table, lay out supplies and prepare yourself mentally and physically for the task ahead.
Birds: R59, RV29. R17, RV42
After pizza we made ice cream using the shakey bag method. It did work really well and ice cream duly appeared in minutes. However due to some over excessive shaking there were leakages and some party guest had very salty ice cream.
Initially I thought the belly-cooling behavior had probably originated among the city-dwelling squirrels within the last 200 years or so. But when I searched the internet for more information, I saw pictures of squirrels lying on soil or wood chips. The behavior may in fact be an ancient one.
Anyway (moving on), it was a good conversation to have today because an hour or so later I found myself at our local government office inquiring about what is available for those who weren't able to graduate from high school and want to finish their high school education. Even remedial jobs like janitorial, fast food, etc. require the employee to have completed high school and in most cases they must be working on secondary education to be employed in these jobs.
Yep, we’ve all been there. Well, probably. I suppose some eerily composed, monocle-wearing, pinky-extending tea-sipper might scoff and say “Why no, ’tis silly. I would never stoop so.”
In the Old Testament New Wine was a sign of prosperity, of good things happening, of growth, of new life. You see, if there was new wine it meant there had been a harvest and the land was healthy. Everyone celebrated new wine.
Your Score: 6
Then, make this a special box -- gift wrapping, bows, the whole nine yards! Include a note identifying yourself with your email and blog address so your partner can contact you with her grateful thanks.
Call today to get the process started!
UPDATE (2): 2nd May, 2012. The Financial Times has some detail on the application itself and say it relates to Treasury’s displeasure at NAMA’s handling of the Battersea Power Station project and the loss of an investor, the Malaysian company SP Setia and the consequent loss to Treasury of €400m – that’s 400 million euros – of management fees and an unspecified potential profit share from the eventual full development of the Battersea site, though it is reported that there were to be GBP 4.5bn (€5.5bn) in gross profits over the lifetime of the flagship development. Hmmmm.
“Oh, Abby! And ya made all our dresses so perfect, too!”
“She had even deleted my prologue, the best writing in the book!” Speed said. “I walked around grumbling for 24 hours, wondering how I could possibly cut that many words without harming the story."
We have proof that you have been in contact with a certain Mr. John Paul Emeka. We also have proof that you have been involved in numerous cases of fraud, embezzlement and misrepresentation, and that you have stolen international funds.
E- "So we have 44 M&M's!?"
Meaning they make more money, which is Air5 India Express. The airlines have cut back on, in the airline ticket discount airfare of consumers who are forced to wait for you to purchase tickets without breaking the airline ticket discount spain are any alterations you need to check my bags, the airline ticket discount airfare of carting all that crap along with old toys will help with occupying them if you need one.
Today I'm sharing one of my boys' favorite lunches... Meatball Wraps. I use my grandmother's recipe for meatballs (updated to use ground turkey instead of beef), and I found some surprisingly tasty gluten-free tortillas to use for the wraps (La Tortilla Factory Ivory Teff Wraps). The boys have access to a microwave at school, so luckily they are able to heat the meatballs... they taste so much better that way. This week I rounded out their meals with a little green salad and some sliced figs. I love how the figs count as a fruit serving, but are so sweet they feel like dessert!
I’ve already confessed to having a crush on this dude. He was the ‘it’ guy during the 80′s and starred in so many awesome movies. He turned from an awkward skinny nerd into a pretty hot man. Go Tony!!! (I have no idea if anyone calls him Tony but I am going to).
Dr. Tomlin
India has increasingly been receiving attention as a technical powerhouse. Specifically, its large and highly-trained technical manpower combined with a culture of scientific education and research makes it a choice destination for large multi-national corporations as well as upstarts. While the initial emphasis was on software, other areas of technology like pharmaceuticals and technical services have followed suit. Recognizing that a well-established IP regime is essential for the continued success of such a technology-based economy, India has recently changes its patent laws after significant debates on the issue. These changes are an attempt to harmonize with other successful patent regimes in the world and to honor India's commitments to the WTO.
It was my 8th birthday. Plane hit the bridge. I thought that hundreds had drowned in the water because it was too cold to use their fingers to grab life vests thrown out, and the news was very sensational that night. Far as I can tell, the only way to have saved them would be to employ cowboys with lassos, and of course none were around.
The National Fall Guy Glibbs got his performance review this week and the PSC under Ramesh Deosaran gave the Hot Shot Top Cop a pass! Then backpedalled, a dance so common under our current regime, and said it provisional. One member of the team even declined to sign off on the review. So now, we don’t know whether Glibbs has passed or not, what we do know is that Glibb’s continues to have a free hand under this government to make mistake after mistake and cock up after cock up in the name of National Security!
Together standing tall
906 ***D-IX/6/1985. “Love, Death and the Gilgamesh Epic.” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1986(2), above, and in Item B-12, above, pp. 1-30 (2002).)
How could your miracle bring glory to God?
upset your stomach while exercising.
I have held a long interest in the culture and landscapes of the Scandinavian countries. There are some famous roads in Norway, the Eagle road and the Trolls road to mention a couple, these are consistently rated amongst the most scenic roads in the world.
Ending one year with a race, and beginning the next year with a race.
I was mortified, and quickly looked at Katie Ice Cream, who was exercising closed to me, to apologize. She registered no recognition of said gauche unwelcome sound upon her face.
And then the cool started melting.
I would say the main lessons that came from the books, was to believe in NOTHING and to be always true to one’s authentic self. To have no beliefs at all. I know that this statement may ruffle a few feathers. Here is why this teaching/lesson is so important to think about; when you have a strong belief about something or many things (it could be about anything) you become a full vessel, too full of pre-conceived ideas to learn anything new or different. Beliefs can become so engrained in one’s self that there is no room for anything else. A strong belief can be very hard to shift, especially when the ego begins to fight another idea that wants to replace that belief. We have an emotional attachment to beliefs, we become very defensive when our beliefs are challenged. The defensiveness is ego based. Especially if those beliefs have been there for a long time. The ego does not want to learn anything new, it wants to exist and stay in one place. The ego will fight tooth and nail trying to convince you of why and how that belief is there and how it should continue to stay. But what if you were to hear or learn about something that challenged your belief so much that you began to question your beliefs altogether? Can you see how the ego would create a huge drama and story about your beliefs on nearly everything? And so there is a constant tug of war and fight going on inside you. When you are a FULL vessel, you are full of ideas, concepts, opinions and beliefs. There is no room for anything else. When you are an EMPTY vessel, you have no strong beliefs and there is no emotional attachment to ideas and concepts. There is room for an infinate amount of learning and this is how the perfect spiritual student functions, with an open and empty mind.
Rustie – Hover Traps
That all those who suffer and are burdened might keep their eyes fixed
Well after buying the books from Amazon, I sat up last night and started reading "The Clutter Diet"to try and get some motivation to start on my way to de-cluttering my home and my life!
After having children it is important to get away and have date nights to keep your relationship alive as a couple. -Mom
Me: "Do you like it?"
But I think Miller’s lawyers have smelled blood….if this thing goes to full trial with testimonies from all parties it is going to be an interesting time as we hear detail by detail exactly how people in positions of power go about using their knowledge and contacts to breach it. We bound to hear about phone calls….and weird comments like, “Well, it not on the law books, but is so we always doing it.” Cheryl Miller’s case has unwittingly opened an entire can of worms not just about abuse of authority in state-run institutions but what precisely goes on with mental health care in Trinidad. Madness has a serious stigma and taboo here….people don’t like to talk about it, or admit to it….they fraid people watch them funny. And more often than not we too happy for the authorities to remove crazy people from our line of sight and consciousness.
Paul, old chap, your politicians and bureaucracy have had 30 years to sort out how many people arrive every year, how many illegal immigrants, who are the genuine students. You don't need a time out for that; you need the motivation to do it. A five-year moratorium won't make the ruling multi-cultural theocracy do something it has never wanted to do.
The Good Kitchen, a busy Hong Kong café (or cha chaan teng) serving Hong Kong-style Western cuisine. It’s always chaotic during weekends, jammed with families and couples chattering loudly around tables or booth seating.
wrench his own
Why did I get rejected?
This may yet be another bright idea that the festival’s bright sparks can consider. A Folklore Beauty Contest to revolutionise the folkdance festival into something totally unrecognisable from its first incarnation. I must say it was a well conceived move having the beauty galore assembled in one place. Next year will definitely see more medallion men jostling for the show. Ticket prices will then skyrocket to price everyone else out of the market, just like what they did in Sarawak.
nape boy-wide. Glinting hairs
Someone was at the door. How long had I been sleeping? It was already 10 pm.
A morning news item created storm in an otherwise peaceful weekend tea-cup. The reference in this news was toward a resolution by a US lawmaker calling for the right of self-determination of Baluchistan.
*Blam!* The man’s head, and bunny ears exploded. Sprayed with bone and blood, Allen looked at the ‘copter and saw a camera, no wait, a side-mounted cannon spit another salvo at the other cultist, who was ignoring Emma and preparing to fire on them. His fate was even messier.
galactic plane, asteroid/comet impact, a coronal mass ejection from the sun, an explosion from the black hole at the center of our galaxy, a religious apocalypse, an alien invasion, a gamma ray burst, changes in the flux rates of high energy galactic cosmic ray striking Earth, flu mega-pandemics, nuclear or biological war, a super-volcano eruption, a global warming effect, distortion in the time space continuum, the unleashing of a self-replicating nanotechnology
Most of all, I hope you discover the truth God has revealed to me and many other parents. Raising a child with special needs isn’t a bad dream. It’s just a different dream. And surprisingly, a different dream can be the best dream of all.
She had less than a second and a half to realign her Gateway and get them back to the Wildhawk. She placed the other end of the Gate by the Webberats', though she knew she could get closer to the Wildhawk than that. One thing at a time. The corners of her eyes cooled where tears squeezed out between her tight-shut lids. The Gateway opened with a fraction of a second to spare, tight on the margin as ever.
I worry that my children, living their insulated, suburban life will
We've all heard the stories of infection risks from fish pedicure. Even in small-town Ireland the word has spread to Kilkenny folk and perhaps that's why they stay away in droves from the two new fish pedicure places in town.
A sate of goat meat. The goat is recurrently a yearling or constant a 5 - allotment - senile teenager which spawn an acronym commonplace guidance Tegal—balibul ( acronym of “just 5 months” ). The ulul has four chunks — two pieces of meat on the top consequently one piece of fat and thereupon else piece of meat. Existing is grilled over a longish metal griller fired keep secret wood sooty. The grill is between column and vigorous done; however actual is possible to canvass for means remarkable. Sometimes the fat piece authority exhibit replaced disguise liver or emotions or kidney. The unit curious is a kodi, twenty skewers. Half a kodi is solo for descendants. Adults may consume supplementary than 1½ kodies. Monastic to grilling, finished is no marinade due to some individuals take it to appear as needful. On convincing, existent is accompanied by touch dipped power sugar-coated soya flavouring ( block consideration, slightly thinned shroud boiled thin ), sliced fresh chilli, sliced uncooked shallots ( eschalot ), quartered immature tomatoes, and steamed rice, and is sometimes garnished cloak fried shallots.
Drawer 6: Some cheap stuff, Sinful Colors, Kleancolor, Hard Candy, Pure Ice, Revlon) and random brands I only have one of (Del Sol, Misa, Jordana, Maybelline, Urban Outfitters, Savina, NYX, Nina Ultra Pro).
-Grey's Anatomy
Altogether, then, this represents one of the most clumsy – to say nothing of unpopular – British initiatives, and one that cannot help but rebound on The Boy. If he allows this to continue, he will be entering the realms of stupidity.
But that was before and today it's a beautiful new day.
The charger itself consists of three parts, the wall socket and power lead, a small transformer and a proprietary USB 2.0 lead.
“Hello, Raivis.” you greeted.
And, ka-pow!, I’m inspired.
there were chickens, chickens, chickens
Everyone else is taking time to post their thought so might as well do what all the cool kids are doing!
of the peace-keepers are on the
I will keep it brief this time, since i have spoken with you so much already this week, so with nothing further, here is the summary of week 23:
One important thing that all network internet marketers have to do would be to understand the product or service in order that you are able to get other folks excited regarding it. You need to understand every thing you should know and stay willing to share this so the item will offer effortlessly, and it will be possible to respond to any queries that come up.
Over the Memorial Day weekend, I hit a rural outcrop known as Lott, Texas. The 'rents were passing through from Phoenix to Florida, but stayed a few days to avoid the Memorial Day nightmare that is eastbound I-10 traffic, so I got to spend time with them "up 'ere."
Yet in a quite extraordinary assumption of power, police are able to impose conditions not unlike those applied to suspected terrorists.
And that's not a sigh of the "OMG, hot, shirtless, ripped young tradies" kind, either.
Stormy weather comes with its gloom,
The old golfer leans over the bar and whispers, “I was wondering, young lady, are you the one who gives the hand jobs?”
(NaturalNews) The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is financially backing and publicly endorsing mass polio virus vaccinations in India. In case you didn’t hear him yourself, Bill Gates publicly announced that vaccines could help reduce the world population by 15%.
Tuesday is a slave to Wednesday, completely detached from your utter fortitude. And we know what they say about Wednesday ~ Hump Day, my foot! If you count the weekend, Wednesday is nowhere near mid-week really. The nerve!
NO that’s not what the bible says!
I know you'll find another slave
Then in August, Patel and Mirza told the president that if Nehru leaves Congress, a large number of MPs might join him.
He added, "We have contracts with a few customers but most, like Lord Henry, would just place orders as required and we cannot accept new orders."
7. The radiance of health.
*****Dance Magic has not actually left our world, he has just moved to one of our partnering bars .9 miles away, this was a joke that we decided upon last week so don't get sad!!****
Remarkable
there are great possibilities, I tell you
By Jonathan Safran Foer
We live in a world that is most devoid of grace. This is so true that when grace makes an appearance it is usually front page news or accompanied by a book release. We should have such an expectation of grace in our lives that the expectation should be fully demonstrated in our own actions. The vaccum of hate and grudges in this world needs to be filled with a generous grace. The world needs just now a generous helping of grace. If there is anything we can afford to give away it is grace, mercy, love.
･Galaxy Tab
But I am like anyone else – fear and apprehension rule many of my hours. And addiction to the dispensable. Because it is more agreeable to be in bondage to the superficial, and have a thing or two in common with the man sitting beside you on the bus – whose acts are repetitions, whose memories are souvenirs, whose entertainment is palatable – than to become incomprehensible.
Eyes feel sensitive to light
He hopped out of his vehicle and grinned at Melanie. “Just can’t get enough of me, can you?”
Advances in digital photography have given us the opportunity to capture the beauty and freedom of birds in the wild like never before. In January 2011, the Wild Bird Trust set up a Facebook page with the intention of celebrating free flight and birds in the wild from around the world. Here are the “Top 25 Wild Bird Photographs of the Week” drawn from thousands of photographs submitted to the Wild Bird Trust. Each week we select from all the photographs submitted and from our archives. Almost 18,000 photographs from over 100 photographers from around the world have been emailed to us or posted on our Facebook wall so far… Celebrate the freedom and splendor of birds in the wild with us and stimulate positive change by sharing how beautiful the birds of the world really are with the world…
Rubble is a 20-volume collection of compilation albums originally compiled by Phil Smee for Bam Caruso Records throughout the eighties and early nineties. As its name suggests, it is best thought of as the British version of Nuggets, and similar to that legendary U.S. garage-rock comp, Rubble does an unparallelled job of digging beneath the surface of its subject, in this case, mid-to-late sixties British psychedelia, and uncovering a plethora of forgotten gems in the process. While often associated with "freakbeat," in actuality, Rubble also covers a good amount of beat, mod-pop, garage-rock, psych-rock and early prog-rock. It is an absolutely essential resource for discovering amazing late-sixties Brit-pop obscurities, that, for various reasons, never attained canonization but deserve, nonetheless, to be heard. I will be posting all 20 volumes as separate installments, coupled with a few full albums from artists featured on each compilation or artists that were overlooked by the Rubble compilers, so if you already have the volume featured in a given post, read on because there is much more to be found after the jump!
The death toll wasn’t just confined to my friends. When I was still living in Johannesburg, the newspaper carried daily stories of people mauled by lions, or attacked by rival tribesmen, or dying from some unspeakable disease (and this was pre-AIDS Africa too) and in general, succumbing to some of Africa’s many answers to the population explosion. Add to that the normal death toll from rampant crime, illness, poverty, flood, famine, traffic, and the police, and you’ll begin to get the idea.
How can the players themselves believe we can challenge for the title next year when we’ve already lost 10 (yes TEN) games this season? It is completely insane.
‘You must be born from above.’
Sue was stunned. "You are our child now, they can't do anything to you." Her son understood, but was still terrified to say anything. "No, I can't tell, I can't tell, China said to never tell." No matter how hard Sue pushed, Jonathan would not relent.
and as bright as the sun that did, indeed, shine all week.
I’m a rather unusual creature, in that I research and teach in “creative writing” so much of my work has a commercial presence as well. My work is not too commercial, however, as it includes a good degree of experiment. And so it should if it’s part of the learning offered at university.
“You and I both know that this is not a social call. Otherwise, you’d be bringing a big ol’ basket of cookies.”
There is so much hype about Bali that I fear being underwhelmed, and have not let my usual enthusiasm surface even a wee bit. As I write, Souvik is wondering about the glum look! But what’s to wonder? We landed an hour ago, got our bags in 10 minutes, and have been watching/participating in the traffic saga, simply to exit the airport. The only B of Bali I’ve managed to see so far is the backsides (pardon!) of cars and buses.
Walking among mistakes, you hope to salvage something because you think everything in that graveyard is somehow wasted. But none of it is wasted really. You do the best you can. You hope, this time, to get it right.
Following the success at Barking and Dagenham, it was deemed appropriate by Head Office to bring me back on to the Advisory Council as Councillors’ Liaison Officer, as I was now the leader of the Barking and Dagenham Council official opposition. But plots were fermenting prior to the RWB 2006, as I was approached by four leading officers of the Party and asked to stand against the Chairman on isues of bad management and financial improprieties. I refused and had a lengthy conversation with the Chairman at the RWB, again emphasising the need for stronger security checks for key officers, including and above the position of regional organiser. I also brought to the Chairman’s attention that it would be a wise move for him to distance himself from any involvement with financial matters and suggested that he should consider introducing the process of electing regional organisers, rather than undemocratically appointing them. It was also by this time that certain key people who were coming up from the south, south west and south east, were suddenly disappearing, while at the same time yes-men were being kept in place over and above those who displayed obvious talent.
Paper: DCWV Green Stack, DCWV Performance Matstack, DCWV So-So Sweet, CTMH Kraft
Pretty good first day, I reckon.
Tools: Fiskars Scallop Punch, TE's Take Note Die, and PTI's A2 Envelop Liner Die
way.
April 9th, 2009
In our own families, in our parishes, where we live and where we work – like that very first apostolic generation – we must be bold witnesses to the Lordship of Jesus Christ. We must be a fearless army of Catholic men, ready to give everything we have for the Lord, who gave everything for our salvation.
But what do you get for this substantial sum of hard earned geld? Well it is in no way like a weird religious cult at all that asks you to give all your money to it and the guru also asks to sleep with your wife. It is only a coincidence that I ask you to give me all your money and in return I pop round each week with a box of cooking lager and also sleep with your wife. The lager could be Foster’s, it could be Carling, it might even be Carlsberg, but it is likely to be whatever I found on sale in Tesco this week. You get tasting notes on the lines of “This is lovely lout, serve cold, neck it and enjoy”. I also throw in a cheap T-Shirt with the logo “The Cooking Lager College Lout Club” on the front and the moniker “for more discerning cooking lager enthusiasts than you are, pal”. Wearing this T Shirt will make you more attractive to members of the opposite sex. Additional T-Shirts can be bought for further payments of eye watering amounts of money. Oh and there’s a membership card too.
The reason for the move was a culmination of events, but the crux of the matter is that Bro finally decided he hated his mother. To me this is sad, part of me has this feeling of, "you get what you deserve, b**ch." and part of me feels sad for Bro that he and his mother are estranged from each other, because I don't care how old you get, you still need your mom. (yes, I know some mom's don't deserve that, but from a purely 'perfect world' perspective, we all need our moms).
Dear Joe and Vicki: You could make life a lot easier for me if you would just tell me what kind of RV you and the other "RV experts" have and how they are equipped.
Take a sheet and brush this flour mix on all sides . Place a small amount of filling .Fold both sides to enclose the filling in and then roll it completely to seal the filling in, as shown in the picture . Finally brush a little more at the end and this will hold the filling in place.
8.) If God were to grant you a wish, what would it be?
Update 3 : Twitter's New Share API Used. A Problem For Google Chrome Fixed. Works Perfect With All Internet Browsers. 31 Agu 2010
Now, James Cameron bringing in Stan Winston and his team was a brilliant, logic move. You would need someone of Winston’s caliber to put together something impressive like the Alien Queen. The improved designs of the egg, facehugger, and chesterburster are excellent bringing more articulation and realism to them all. Now, I don’t have a preference between the original “smooth head” Alien from Ridley Scott’s film or the more “ridged head” Aliens featured here. I think they both work fantastically, and surely suit the demands and lighting aesthetics for their respective films well. Here, the more detailed and ridged craniums give the drones more character with a few little highlights here and there to make them standout more against the darker environments. Stan Winston was a legend in this field, and his contributions made the industry what it is today. He will be missed beyond words due to his passion, personality, skill, and artistry. He left behind a legacy of respect and admiration.
I will help you establish a web presence and use social media to promote your business
The three were members of a local theater group and were meeting when Zinkhan shot them.
I got some new Authentique papers a couple of weeks back but haven't had
Also, the proposals for significant changes in school utilization will be considered at the February 3, 2011 Panel for Educational Policy meeting - at Brooklyn Technical High School located at 29 Fort Greene Place, Brooklyn, NY, 11217. We ask that all stakeholders attend this hearing and the press conference held prior to the hearing.
I've got a bit of a stockpile of because I've been meaning to make more stock for my little shop. So today I got started by die-cutting some Hexagon Multi Packs in the fresh-as-spring Vintage Modern by Bonnie and Camille.
Treasurer: Ben Safer
I finally started catching up on my giant pile of books waiting to be read. Hopefully I can continue the trend and actually be caught up with library books soon. At least until more new books come out anyway. I'm in the middle of so many different series now that a new book comes out at least once or twice per month.
It is very hard to put everything important, enjoyable things into 24 hours, or exactly 86400 seconds. You can not save any for tomorrow, you must use them on the very day, at the very moment, and you can't go also back to rewrite. Considering one has 8 hours sleeping, 8 hours working and 8 hours relaxing time on a day, mathematically, this 24 hours seems so less, since I need to sleep, and I have to work, thus that 8 hours relaxing is not enough to do all my hobbies. Moreover, that 8 hours in reality is a lot less.
I don’t think about Dr. Pessimist too much anymore, though every now & then his words come back and snap at my heels, make me wonder how long I’ll have this much mobility. But today is my birthday. And while I cannot help remembering the disturbing & disheartening opinions of that neurologist, I can choose to point my finger, wave my arms and call out the falsity of his prophecy. I walked my dogs in the rain today & we did little happy dances in the puddles; they yipped, I woo-hoo-ed. I cleaned & lubed my recumbent trike because I rode yesterday and I’ll be going on another training ride tomorrow, preparing for my second year of the New York City Marathon with Team Leary Firefighters Foundation. Tonight I’ll have dinner with my husband and my best friend & her boyfriend–my service dog Luke will keep me safe in the coming & going. Right now my vision is okay enough to write an entry for this blog, and that makes me very happy.
But I do know plenty of other people who have gotten into fist fights, had male strippers steal their wallets (no joke— photographic evidence showed the snatching in progress at a bachelorette party) and misplaced friends only to find out they'd passed out in a bathroom stall somewhere.
Finally, the inside. Decorated to match using another sentiment from Petite Pairs, which reads 'I'm here for you no matter what' which I think sums up the rules of being a God parent.
Birthplace: Florence, Italy
I tend to hold on to all their important tests, report cards, paperwork showing milestones being made, etc... and it ended up being more than I originally planned for. And that's ok. It is always one of my favorite ways to go down memory lane with the little ones... they really get a kick out of looking at their older papers as well. So instead of pairing down even more, which tends to be my first reaction, I decided I needed a new storage approach. One that will be manageable as they continue to learn and grow, yet is easy to maintain.
But the last 15 years have brought a definite change to the reviewing landscape. First are the reviews on Amazon and Barnesandnoble.com. They aren’t reviews so much as they are opinions. I don’t give them much thought since anyone with a screen name and a password can leave a comment. I find they often leave negative feedback. I assume this is because they have nothing better to do with their time. I’ve been reading for eons and I’ve never once trashed a book or an author. And I’ve read some stuff I didn’t care for. Why? Because I’m not an authority. I’m not a journalist trained to write an objective piece about a work of fiction or non-fiction. I will go in and praise a book. But that’s all I’m bringing to the table. My opinion.
Proclaim LIBERTY throughout the land unto all the inhabitants thereof Lev XXV X
So yesterday Compostgirl, Compostman and I drove the 70 mile round trip to get our new ex battery hens. Compostman came with me to curb my bringing home loads more hens than I ordered I suspect….!
Mesdan closes his eyes. It’s meaningless. He can’t tell the difference between the black of the back of his lids and the light of opening his eyes. There is no difference. It’s shadow, shadow and shadow all around him. He can’t let it set in that he truly IS alone, that despite being able to feel the crowd out there, they cannot and will not lift a finger to help him during this initiation. He is to face this trial alone. His ordeal is all alone.
Then February 11th I´m going on a weekend excursion to the beach. YES.
“That a letter she sent this morning came this afternoon?” said Logan. “Kinda. That thing must have shipped triple-express or something.”
By the way, if anyone ever thought that advancing age--I will celebrate my 70th birthday in June--means your life becomes predictable and hum-drum, think again. As long as passion is your driving force, the adventure never ends. Take it from one who knows.
Similarly, the hash pipe is a perverse imitation of the tobacco pipe. The pot-smoker often fancies himself an intellectual: he gets high and thinks “deep thoughts” (again bringing the 1960s to mind). But the appearance is one thing, the reality another. Just as the wisdom of the 1960s student turns out to be sophomoric, so too do the deep thoughts of the pot-smoker end up being moronic.
She was crying from the cold, cold rain
I know I’ve been bad about keeping this updated weekly. It’s just that I’ve been so busy laying under the bed, trying out new cat beds, eating my kitty grass and getting under foot that I’ve had no time to write.
Have you ever been penny wise but pound foolish? What consequences of trying to save a little bit of money?
my old man's that old man,
Never will you be able to brush shoulders with the great, the good and the grot – from Damon Albarn to the bloke out of Erasure; from Nicky Wire to the drummer of Airbourne.
I walk to a table we’re some of the kids are sitting, games of the day and confectionery spread amongst their frozen enthusiasm –
Alberta’s politics run to the Conservative party both provincially and federally. They’re predictable. BC is not. We’re known as a swing province. If we’re not happy, we’ll vote the other way but for a long time we’ve been a more liberal or left wing province. That’s why the Liberals under Gordon Campbell came into power, because they pretended to be Liberals when they were as conservative as Alberta’s Klein government or more. In fact, I always suspected that Klein and Campbell were political bed buddies. Campbell certainly looked at what Klein did, then streamlined it and ignored the people. Christy Clark, who has not yet been voted in by the populace, is more of a Liberal but who knows by how much. BC might be a Liberal province but it’s been a combination on the federal level. And there is no guarantee we will stay that way and hardly likely. We’ve been NDP, Social Credit and Liberal. We’re more link monkeys on the vine, swinging this way and that.
Shi'as believe that Muhammad al-Mahdi will reappear when the world has fallen into chaos and civil war emerges between the human race for no reason. At this time, it is believed, half of the true believers will ride from Yemen carrying white flags to Mecca, while the other half will ride from Karbala, in Iraq, carrying black flags to Mecca. At this time, Muhammad al-Mahdi will come wielding God's Sword, the Blade of Evil's Bane, Zulfiqar (Arabic: ذو الفقار, ðū l-fiqār), the Double-Bladed Sword.
Still Life #79 22"x22" gouache on w/c paper
After he explained that to me I said, - That’s right, Party Time. But maybe Izzy Hoyland’s time has come round again, maybe its time we took her outta retirement to spread her flaps once more, -
Oh, and I can't remember if I mentioned this in an earlier post, but since it's on my mind: I am going to be published in the Bellingham Herald this summer!
22 April
Article Source: North West
I really want the word "bubbly" in it.Maybe "Bubbly Rantings" ? Or "Amazingly Bubbly Rantings". "Bubbly Giggles and Smiles" (this one's kinda ironic cause one of my nicknames is Giggles).I like that one... :P
Then Sunday wiped me out with flu symptoms. I slept 7 hours during that day, which i NEVER do.
While you're doing all that, whip up the sauce by combining all ingredients in a small bowl. When noodles are done, drain and toss with sauce and chopped broccoli. The end.
Fun Fact for my readers: I was living in Kenner (home of New Orleans International Airport) when I started my escort service; it’s one of those little suburban towns (like Arlington, Texas or the various suburbs of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) which has a narcissistic obsession with its own self-importance. This comment on the online story says it all:
I am sure Walt knew that with talents like these you could move mountains and go places. Only Art Babbitt wasn't a part of the Disney decades that followed.
Special little shout out to a reader that complimented White Verandah recently..
So, I guess I am trying to say that I understand both sides of the equation – I can feel compassion for the adoptee who feels the need to lash out at his or her natural mother because of the cavernous feelings of abandonment and betrayal. Been there, done that, have the T-shirt, unfortunately. But on the other hand, I can also feel compassion for mothers (my mother and myself included) who truly believed they were doing the best thing they could do for their child but it turned out to be the worst choice instead.
yum?
Dream wrapped her arms
Increase speed to high, and beat until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes.
*It’s worth mentioning that one other character fearing replacement is Henry, who looks none too pleased to hear Don on the other end of a phone call checking in on Betty at “Tea Leaves’” end.
Also,the organizers cited checking their facebook page for the 626 Night Market and seeing how many “likes” they received as the method for how they planned for how much food, vendor space, and parking needed for this event. Unless your throwing a private birthday party for twenty-to-thirty something year olds, i doubt a bunch of 40-60 year old Chinese immigrants are going on facebook or any other social media sites to let folks know that they plan on attending.
The total debt of the DCC is $344.819m. Not sure what DCHL’s debt will be at 31 December but at 30 June last, it was $4.316m short term and $534.220m long, for a total of $538.54m. All up, it would seem that at New Year’s Eve we citizens are shouldering a total of $883.336m. Feel good? Split that among 54,000 ratepayers and this amounts to $16,358 per person! Still feel good? We ought to, as this earns us the title of champion most highly rated citizens in New Zealand, by a country mile. Where is the medal?
Between them, cans (or glasses) of bubbled water… But the translation can be
I can see the love you feel for me,
Now, according to a long-term study, omega-3 fatty acids could reduce your risk for developing atrial fibrillation as you get older.
Guest Writer: Ravi Mehta coming soon!
So upon a paper, I would write countless words, letting them flow with the iron ink blotting and clotting into the sheet.
The rain has stopped and it was a bright sunny day. The sun has disappeared behind the clouds but it´s still light outside. I managed to enjoy the sun sitting in the terrace for a short while (gathering my thoughts). Though it was a bit chilly, it was quite nice.
In 1892, he hopped a freight train for Washington, D.C. with a white friend named Lemuel Toney (who later went on to become Eddie Leonard, a major blackface star in minstrelsy and vaudeville). His first professional gig was the part of a “pickaninny” role in the show “The South Before the War” which toured the northeast. By 1900, he had made his way to New York. The following year, he won a prestigious dance contest at a Brooklyn theatre against a man named Henry Swinton, then considered the best dancer in the business. In the audience were the likes of Eubie Blake and Walker & Williams. He began to work with various partners and rapidly became one of only six African-American acts booked regularly on the Keith circuit. In 1902 he teamed up with a successful comedian named George W. Cooper, laying aside his dancing to become the comic foil for a period of 12 years.
So sad...its' the last day and boy have we all seen some amazing projects! If you just arrived here and want to do the whole hop...please go back to the Imaginisce Blog to start.
*The chicken I ended up using was 8 pounds. Yes, EIGHT. Guess what, I cut each breast into two pieces, and the thighs were as big as a "normal" chicken breast. And I ended up having to use my full 1/2 gallon container of buttermilk because believe me, the quart wasn't gonna do it. I did add more of the seasonings when I added more buttermilk.
God’s ways of determining where we invest our time and energy often have little to do with results. The danger for each of us is to determine that we are in the center of God’s will simply by the success or failure of the events we are involved in. Our plumb line for determining success can be only one thing: obedience. Philip responded in obedience to the direction of the Holy Spirit.
We are pulling in our horns a bit, becoming more reflective, quieting things down, and getting ready.
Root Words 2nd Page: Boys Win
The “fantasy” is that the “church” is the building, the leadership, the liturgy, the buildings and services; the Sunday school programs, the doctrinal statements and structured hierarchy.
“I used to bring my dad home straight A’s and he would look at them and toss it aside,” Lindsay says, her eyes cloudy with reminiscence. “So I just stopped trying at one point. I got really behind in school and I would stay with my friends and my dad wouldn’t even come looking for me. I think I stayed at my friends’ house for almost a week before he called me to see where I was.”
Darren Ferrari, representing Geelong Grammar, said Ms Ashton-Weir could have studied law at several other universities. ''You could have done law at Deakin University by correspondence,'' he said. He said Ms Ashton-Weir had been placed on ''internal suspension'' a number of times while at the school. She was also poorly organised and had been absent from class many times.
Have you ever visited another special needs program? What were some of the things that impressed you? What were the things you learned?
I Drink Whiskey now.
Hello? Is anyone out there? It's been so long between blog postings, there's a very good chance I am shouting into a vacuum with this posting -- but in the event there are a couple of London-based or London-bound ATLP fans, this one's for you.
The best thing about this executive order is that it finally recognizes the role of the third party enablers in authoritarian governments’ human rights abuses: the manufacturers of the special routers that facilitate internet censorship; the companies that set up nationwide surveillance networks; the individuals who provide information on the location of dissidents. These entities need to be recognized for their role in facilitating atrocities, and this order does that. The problem is that there are a lot of authoritarian governments out there using technology to oppress their people. A lot of them. And even a lot of not-so-authoritarian governments using technology against the interests of their populaces. In fact, you’d be hard-pressed to find a country that doesn’t use technology in a restrictive way. Where do you draw the line?
This is behind my table and has all of my papers in the cabinet, and all of my most used embellishments and tools right there handy. No getting up - I just have to spin around in my chair. This set up really limited my space for all of my treasures that I like to keep out. I picked a few of my favorites and packed up the rest. But it still makes me feel good to see it all up on top of the bookcases.
Worf comes up to me, wearing an evening suit, but still sporting a phaser.
Wasting a little time, taking it in.
8) Fan fest after US game partying with the Czechs and swapping jersies.
With that said, I think 30 copies with no advertisement on my part isn’t that bad really. A little less than one a day. I haven’t had anymore people leave reviews but with the ones that are there, I think they help give me the few sales that I do have.
Could it be this illusionary image of ourselves as separate beings that is keeping us in this perpetual state of anxiety, scarcity, fear, dissatisfaction and leading us, as a society, at this very delicate point in evolution?
And the light hurts my eyes
In Bamako at this time of year, the phrase has a quite literal application. For a month now, temperatures here have been trending inexorably upward. Consider this weather forecast for early April:
Visit Guardian Angel Publishing authors via their blogs as they celebrate Children's Book Week. Each stop includes special topics of discussion: teaching writing and grammar using children’s books, road to publication, professional critiques, educator guides, Skype and in-person author visits, what’s selling in children’s non-fiction, writing narrative non-fiction, interviews, book reviews, individual book information, and so much more.
295) meeting my cousin's sweet kiddies for the first time
A Novel by DarkJade
Time moves.
I have to send out a HUGE thank you to Craig at Craft Edge he pretty much did it all! THANK YOU SOOOO much Craig!
After all the bad press with the "Shall We Dance" cartridge I thought maybe I would try a page with it.. I was surprised at how many things I could use on this layout from that cartridge. I do have the perfect picture for that cartridge though :-)
09. The Light feat. SunDula
If you’re beginning to sense a little bitterness, well… go with the feeling.
Weeks ago
Sarah x
She is interested in do more modeling and she is waiting for more offers and suggestions from photographers with interesting projects. See also Victorias model profile.
NINE
I have been turning my hand to a little creative festive floristry in readiness for the fair. I have had these two beautiful cast iron urns for ages and have decided to part with them. They are planted up with Hyacinth bulbs and Moss, then finished with some vintage French initial tape. The pot in the centre is just simply planted with a Hyacinth and moss and finished with a large red wooden heart in an antique Sankey pot. The smaller two at the front are planted with moss with a fir cone wired and placed in to the moss then just finished simply with tape and small wooden hearts....very easy to do and looks quite effective. The pots and hearts can then be used for other projects when the Hyacinths have gone over.
I began making my card by first stamping the bunny image. Before I sponged my background I needed to make a mask to cover up the bunny so that it would remain white. The rest of my bunny image was colored using SU markers.
But it felt weird being at LBF. It's not like Bologna, not by a long way. Everything is in the one massive hall (with the Agents upstairs) and children's, adult, academic and all other kinds of books are all in together - though children's has its own section.
The Fellowship of the Ring was the company chosen by Elrond Halfelven to protect and guide the Ring-bearer on his quest to destroy the One Ring in the fire of Mount Doom. The company was composed of nine, and all of the Free Peoples were represented: Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin for the Hobbits; Legolas for the Elves; Gimli for the Dwarves; Aragorn and Boromir for Men; and Gandalf.
I liked finding out the latin names for some things. It made it seem very grand.
Afterwards the nightlife gets livelier throughout the city’s many Irish bars and pubs, as the celebration draws thousands of people from all over the state.
The U.S.-born Gonzales met Abuhamda in Missouri after converting to Islam at age 15. The couple talked over the phone for a year and went out on couple of dates before deciding to marry in 1996, when Gonzales was 16.
Than you who are helpless in such matters.
This Friday, May 4th he is hosting an opening reception from 7-?. He has asked Mercy Teague and me to give a poetry reading starting at 8. The reception details are here.
Gadahn, 33, has been in Afghanistan and Pakistan for more than a decade, officials believe, acting as a propagandist for the terrorist group. He was the first American since World War II to be charged with treason when a California court indicted him in 2005.
“Let’s go.”
A few months back it was the Venison Fair. This month brings the Oyster Food Fair - and I was excited to receive an invite to a media tasting kicking off the event on February 16 (the Food Fair runs through March 3rd!)
But to put a positive spin on it, because I don't want to be "Debbie Downer", or better yet, Cynical Cyndy (it kinda works), I am REALLY excited about the new school year. Yesterday, I bought a brand-spankin' new Toyota Sienna SE which I am COMPLETELY in LOVE with. I drove around scoping out B2S prices today only because I wanted to drive my new car. My physical therapy today measured that I have regained full mobility in my flexing of my right foot, and am still working and improving on the pointing, but my NEW ankle is getting better each day. AND I truly am excited to get back to work (not just for a FULL paycheck, although I will love that) but for the distraction and the fresh start to getting life back to "normal". My oldest daughter will be starting Kindergarten at my school this year and I will be the English component of the Dual-Immersion program for 1st grade. We also just hired a new Superintendent. We have some changes ahead and I can't wait to get back to life as I remember it being.
But as we know there is nothing “peaceful” about all things nuclear. More than half a century after Eisenhower’s speech the planet is left with the legacy of nuclear waste. This legacy is beginning to be recognised for what it truly is.
“Then I grasped the meaning of the greatest secret that human poetry and human thought and belief have to impart: The salvation of man is through love and in love. I understood how a man who has nothing left in this world still may know bliss, be it only for a brief moment, in the contemplation of his beloved. In a position of utter desolation, when man cannot express himself in positive action, when his only achievement may consist in enduring his sufferings in the right way—an honorable way—in such a position man can, through loving contemplation of the image he carries of his beloved, achieve fulfillment.” -Viktor Frankl
Linguini Fini is a fresh pasta restuarant and bar with a fantastic atmosphere, perfect for Friday night dinner and drinks.
If Canada had a budget surplus and there weren’t other more crying needs, maybe the spending wouldn’t seem so glaringly wasteful.
Nagareboshi
Rivalries define college football. Alabama/Auburn, Michigan/Ohio State, Oregon/Oregon State, Harvard/Yale, you name the team, there's probably at least two "rivals" on their schedule. As a Gamecock fan, there's the obvious Thanksgiving-weekend clash with in-state foe Clemson. For those of you who are less familiar with the nature of rivalries, the Clemson/Carolina game is what you would call a "natural rivalry" given the fact that both schools are located in the Palmetto State. Then there's the South Carolina/Georgia game which is circled on the Gamecocks' calendar every season, but is more of a conference and schedule creation than it is natural.
This is a little about my book:
Scratches its innocent behind on a tree.
the Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup Handicap Chase for them at the 2008 Cheltenham Festival. John Smith’s Grand National Record:
We were then taken through the hotel to our room. The original Inn has been extended and the walk through the lounge, bar (passing the spa and the library) were lovely, all the time we had a commentary on the history of the building including the fact that our room was in an old cottage. There was a row of cottages next to the hotel that overtime have been brought up and knocked through so there is a wonderful mix of old and new, all with a sumptuous, luxury feel.
Please respond with details.
12 Record of the Constitutional Commission, vol. 4, 913.
"Uh, no. Are you?" I answer her sort of sarcastically. I'm sorry, I didn't get the connection between all that cat food and a birthday party. Why would she ask such a weird question? And isn't that sort of personal?
After you have established a prosperous multi-level marketing strategy, you can generate some additional cash flow by giving to mentor folks. Market your electronic book or video guides online, or offer cost-free instruction to make funds as a result of adverts on your internet site or by offering additional merchandise. Usually do not commence this except when there is a effective tale to talk about.
Yosemite may have avoided the watery death by flooding of Hetch Hetchey but it has been inundated by its own flood of tourists. The floor of the valley is woven with roads, paved trails, parking lots, "villages", lodges, campgrounds, and shuttle buses. Even at the beginning of May, on a week day, people are everywhere. The scenery is still there, but for me at least, it lost much of its appeal.
All riders, all Brands, all those who wish to make a statement about “Motorcycle Safety / Awareness…Motorcycles are Everywhere! are encouraged to participate. Participation is free. We will conducting COMPLIMENTARY motorcycle safety checks including helmet fitment checks.
Hagen
Another verse so often misinterpreted is:
So can long distance relationships really work?
expressed in fake Italian, and send vibes of existential compassion to
Why didn’t the landowner pay those who worked many long hours first and then suprise the latecomers with his generosity? Why, instead, does he pay the workers of the eleventh hour first, raising false expectations in the others and creating unnecessary bitterness and jealousy? These questions, I now realize, come from a perspective that is all too willing to impose the economy of the temporal on the unique order of the divine.
Misc.: Coffee Break Designs acrylic buttons, HVAC tape, muslin, broken zipper, snaps
When I reach home and Mr. M has had a chance to look at the tire, he tells me that the slime has puddled inside, forming a mass and causing the tire to bulge a bit in one spot - which accounts perfectly for the sense of off-centeredness and the smush-smush I was hearing. (I'm glad it wasn't anything I did.)
Strength: The Bears have one of the most imposing front lines in the country. When they’re playing well, they’re not just good; they’re intimidating. Perry Jones III, Quincy Miller and Quincy Acy can all rebound and score. That’s why they’re among the Big XII’s leaders in scoring and rebounds. It’s also effective in the zone Baylor employs as their length can cause shooters problems. This could be the most talented frontcourt in the country.
Facebook or Twitter: Neither, Pinterest. I find Facebook sometimes a little too much like being in High School. No offense intended to anyone.
After making this first sconce, I decided to make another sconce. This time, I opted for a 2 candle sconce with a single antler attached to the face of the sconce below the shelf making it look almost like the antler was supporting the shelf. I used the same process to cut, sand, and burn the pieces of wood, and then I carefully drilled the depressions in the shelf. No screwing up another shelf. I finished the wood using the same varnish I used on the 3 candle sconce, so that when it was assembled, the 2 candle sconce matched the 3 candle variety quite nicely. Here’s a picture of the completed 2 candle sconce.
The goal may seem relatively simple — except that Congress hasn’t passed a budget in more than 1,000 days, instead relying on short-term funding bills often approved at the eleventh hour after contentious partisan gridlock over whether to raise taxes or cut spending.
stroking delicately
Embellish a Vase
Happy Friday peeps! Well, it's been a bit of a whirlwind week here at Swoon Worthy HQ!
Oh, and I also love Betty Buff’s quirky labels, they’re so cute!
Southland 5.1% to 4.2% (3,000 to 2,700)
Researcher Vidar Enebakk from the University of Oslo wrote an essay for VG this autumn regarding the articles I have published on the Internet about the history of science, from astronomy and geology to quantum physics. According to him, the range of my writings is impressive, their contents “frighteningly good.” This is of course nice to hear.
Instead they are amazingly highly detailed pencil drawings, the work of Scottish artist Paul Cadden.
Known For: Quitting, Word Salads, Tax Dodging, Lying
for now that he
The Estate of Things is a resource for home decor; an at home practicalities guide to renovation, decor, stylized living, DIY projects and more
This is a picture I took in a little off the path area at the Arboretum. The Arboretum believes in Self sustainability, and in one of the areas they grow eats, this peony was.
not why,
I fell in love with this song after watching Step Up 2.
November is prematurity awareness month, and even now, almost five months after Andrew's birth I sometimes find it hard to believe I am one of those statistics. I'm still amazed at those numbers. In some ways, it shouldn't be so shocking to me.
Personally, I like option 2 better. The problem with #1 is that I’m not sure I can trust our families not to load the kids up with sugar whenever they step foot outside the door. And, considering their pancreas’ will actually start working as intended when we go off refined sugar, it might not be as well adapted to the instant sugar rush and subsequent internal need for an overdose of insulin to counteract it. I think that’s a fairly large strain to put on a child’s body. The problem of option #2 isn’t really a problem, more of a nuisance: People will think we’re being “cruel” by denying our kids sugar. From my viewpoint, it will be the other way around, but those discussions can get tiring really quickly. But I’m willing to be thought of as the “mean parent” if it means my children will dodge the 1 in 3 chance of getting diabetes that children growing up now have.
I can spend time with them
Over the last years I have worked with national partners to organize a program of restocking that emphasizrs both improved breeding as well as training of technical staff, who have not received updated training due to problems mentioned above.
–Alicia Hilton
Staring at her laptop.
I decided even though I am no longer on Poisoned Peas I am going to keep my alternative blog as I realized I am interested in this form of artistic expression, who knew?!
Have you found your niche in life—the thing you were made to be and to do? There must be one for each of us, because the apostle Paul said,
Package #2 - ANYONE who can get a delivery from Book Depository - US, Canada or International.
Caroline Skinner, executive producer of Doctor Who, looked forward to the return of Script to Screen and commented, 'It's so exciting to be able to challenge young writers in this way. Doctor Who is such an amazing show to work on. It really sets the imaginations of viewers alight, and it's a thrilling prospect to see where young members of our audience would like to see the Doctor go this time!'
5 Stone in You Heart
However, magistrate Rick Moore ruled that officers were likely to have been alarmed by the defendant's words.
- A CRACKED prize pack: signed hardback, book plate, book mark, custom pen
Oh and in addition to the action, I can confirm that Rihanna can act … in action films. To me she portrayed the emotions, facial expressions and the urgency in her movements that a person in her situation would feel. I would say she did a pretty good job on her first venture into acting though I still think her music career should be her first priority.
Weeelllllll, it wasn't long before we realized little Selam may not be car sick, but real sick. Stomach virus sick because we had to stop two more times to clean up, change, cover up, etc. It wasn't pretty. :) Poor little baby!! I can only imagine what the people driving behind us were thinking as we would veer to the side of the road to pull over so we could make sure she would choke on her vomit. Poor thing!! We quickly ran out of wipes, extra clothes and blankets. So much for super mom patting herself on the back for planning for every scenario. Serves me right for thinking I had it covered! We have never had this happen on a trip before, it was not fun! I wished more than one time on this trip that I could just zap us back home, we felt so bad for Selam. I even had to beg for wipes from a sweet mom at one of our unexpected gas station stops. This was after I literally washed Selam off in the restroom sink. The convenient store didn't have wipes for sale. Who would've thought? At our third unplanned stop another sweet man at a rest stop gave us a roll of paper towels. Note to self, when traveling with four kids plan for the absolute worst situation. :)
The median price for a home in Broward County rose six percent in the first quarter. Florida Realtors report that in February, the median cost of a home was $167,000 an incease of 22 percent from the previous year.
Pumba’s other hobbies were going with me to visit my buffalo. She often followed me to Hop and Skip and grazed around in their camp while they ate. But after Skip had finished her food, she and Pumba would chase after each other for the rest of the afternoon. Pumba would try to bite Skip at times, but then she also licked her nose. It was so strange but so cute. A normal buffalo and warthog would never ever do this but Pumba and Skip were different. They weren’t normal, just like me. And that’s the way I liked it. I sometimes had to step in to separate the two of them, but they normally behaved themselves. I never complained about Pumba coming with me to play with Skip, as it allowed me to bond with Hop!
Grant me a few more words. I'd like to sum up the past month in this way.
“Shall I attend young Genevieve, my lady?” Glowgold broke through Hannah’s musings.
Jesus’ vindication is His resurrection. He said time and time again I AM GOD but his disciples and the people struggled to believe. and Jesus said WAIT AND SEE. The resurrection proves that everything He ever said is absolutely and completely TRUE. Jesus was dead, but 3 days later HE WAS ALIVE! and history has never been the same. a bunch of cowardly disciples became fearless and they didn’t even fear death because they knew that like Jesus they would rise too. the early church started worshipping on sunday, the day of Jesus resurrection. and no one visited grave. we have no idea where the grave really is, it did not become a shine or a place for holy visitation because JESUS BODY WASNT THERE. His resurrection is His vindication.
4. Dallas Texas (As a single adult)
HEAT oven to 350°F. Top tortillas with salsa and chicken. Fold in opposite sides of tortillas, then roll up burrito-style.
Heat the Paniyaram utensil at low-medium heat, add a drop of butter or oil in each holes. Pour a spoon full of batter in to it, let it cook for 2 minutes.
Bottom line: people settled down and started growing grain (and making beer), which in turn led to the establishment of communities where people sat down with each other over a meal (and a beer), which in turn set the foundation for... say it with me now: CIVILIZATION! Beer is as much a part of our DNA as hairy backs and thunder thighs. Deal with it.
Well, I refuse to learn. I’m starting my own activist group instead. It’s called O.B.W.A.T.S.. OBWATS stands for OCCUPYING BLOG WITHOUT ANY TECHNICAL SKILLS.
The flower was made with the TH Tattered Florals die and coated with UTEE using my melting pot and an old paint brush. Tutorial here.
This was NOT what I was expecting based on the following images from the box:
Mommy went on the first day of the sale, i.e., on Wednesday, right after picking Juan Or up from the UCSI-Child Development Centre (Mommy enrolled him for some school holiday programme there but will blog at later time). Mommy wanted to reward Juan Or by making a trip to this toy shop since he had been a very good boy that day - he went into class eagerly without any fuss or crying!
Hippocrates may have been the first person to write his findings down but here in North America, perhaps even before the Greeks, the Alabama, Chickasaw, Montagnai and probably many other Indians used the willow to relieve fevers, aches, and pains, and there’s good evidence that the Hottentots of southern Africa have used it for the same purpose for centuries.
The Statements made by Mitt, would be bad enough if it had not been for the fact that these are the areas where the Republican Party, and Mitt Romney especially, have spent weeks attacking the OBama Administration on. Anyone that does not know the extent the Hilary Rosen statement outraged both Parties, myself included by now, and the benefits that the Republican Party gained from it, then apparently have not turned into the news. To find out that they felt it a birthday gift and actually celebrated it, at the same time voicing outrage, should not surprise any of us about the Republican Party.
And I have a Baby Einstein care package to give away to one random winner! It includes the World Music DVD, a Sweet Dreams Mimi board book, a Playtex sippy cup, a Playtex divided dish (both featuring Baby Einstein designs), and a Baby Einstein Teeth and Tug Pal. Just leave me a comment here and I'll choose a random winner on Wednesday, June, 24. Good luck!
If that doesn't work, try seducing Gisele instead.
E@L says he likes the GSM style, easy drinking enough. Grenache, Shiraz, Mourvèdre. He finds it smoother, warming, an easy to drink blend. It would take quite a few year for a Cab Sav or Shiraz to get to this level of maturity, he says to Henry, who nods, inwardly rolls his eyes. Mourvèdre is the same grape as Mataro, he learns. And what else is? Never heard of it - Monastrell.
Maybe it's the ferocious heat.
-I asked my babysitter who cares for the kids while I am at chorus to come anyway, even though I was staying home, to help me with the kitchen. She willingly obliged, because not only are we employer/employee, we are friends, and she comforts me when I stand in need of comfort. (Mosiah 18:9)
Here is a recap:
Google said it had traced the attacks to Jinan, China, a city in eastern China that has been linked to other hacking campaigns, including one in late 2009 against Google’s own network. Parkour had revealed details of the earlier phishing attacks months …
That poor little idiot has been talking to coyotes we couldn't hear. He's probably thinking "WHY AM I THE ONLY ONE ANSWERING THEM? YOU PEOPLE ARE SO RUDE! MADDIE HOW CAN YOU SLEEP THROUGH THIS??"
You prefer velour crib sheets. As in, you won't sleep well if at all on anything but. When they're dirty you're fussy and as soon as their back on your mattress you nuzzle your face into them. It's adorable you picky little thing.
The contract, signed at the London Book Fair in April, has received worldwide media attention:
10:00 AM - 2:30PM - Insulation guys work with minimal noise and dirt. I inspect each section (as best I can because I can barely fit through the openings) and it looks like they did everything they were supposed to do. I was going to take some pictures of the finished work, but that was too difficult. I did take one though.
What kind of dinosaur would you describe yourself as?
The extra minutes of my day
Although this is a long way away from CSI we are plausibly shown how the police quickly determine that the death was in fact caused in strychnine poisoning. There is a rich variety of suspects, from Durrell’s rivals on the track to their helpers on the sidelines, not to mention his lusty wife Cora. She quickly turns on Sam Monk, her husband’s trainer, as he was used to making a tonic with strychnine to help boost his runners – she has also been having an affair with him. But then Monk also does in suspicious circumstances and the whole event comes under even closer scrutiny as the ‘wobble’ in allowed to continue while Cribb investigates, leading to a couple of funny moments in which the burly Thackeray is forced to run alongside the competitors as he tries to get their statements, much to Cribb’s amusement. There is in fact much humour in the book as we follow the rivalries and peculiarities of the runners, the role of the press reporting on the run and the effect this has on the increasingly stressed organisers.
Just being in public in a wheelchair, Ken and I both see so many more kind gestures than we ever saw before. Also, more disabled people. They were always there, but invisible to us. What an experience this is.
So the love you have for being what you are and who you are at this moment of the now is important. You will see You. You can say I love all that is me and makes me what I am now. Focus on the things that are in your mind obstacles to love your self. I hate my belly, I am so bossy, I am so rude, I am so ugly, etc. All you have thought about now will be loved by you. See and feel that what you do not love about you and tell it is loved and will be loved always. It is a part of you.
She could and she did. It is not over yet and I am not all better yet (not by a long shot) but I finally understand that what happened was not my fault AT ALL.
Well . . . there's a great deal going on here at the house this evening. The good news is that we're heading east for a few days. All the way east. As in the other coast. Looking at a design project for later in the year. Visiting friends. An exhibition here and there. And a series of cocktails and dinners to fill almost every spare moment.
I have gotten free things from offers. I have a free TV in my family room right now that came from a free offer. I have a wonderful picnic set and a clock, several T shirts, baseball caps, headphones, an MP3 player and other items that have come from free offers. I know that they are real, and I know that you can find lots of these, but you need to be a detective and search out the good ones.
A fairly simple card but the paper was very full on and adding lots on just did not work so I had to go plain and simple. I really liked the end effect though.
206. Funky hats that hide a bad hair day.
by the minister without any budgetary provision in the 2011 budget.
Boiling the Frog Slowly.
With brief, elaborately paused, snippets of dialogue, we slowly meet the characters. The unknown man, of course, is right where he always is, seated with his back turned to us. The man in the white soda suit is Quig, the owner of the diner and the estranged husband of Mae, the lady in red at the bar. She is a former Ziegfield girl washed up on the shores of this lonely beach. To Mae’s right is Sam, a victim of Polio who longs for Mae, a lost love, a dancing partner he never forgot. We soon also meet Lucy, Mae’s niece, and Clive, the disreputable boy after her affections and anything else he can get his hands on.
123 asked, Sir what i have to do if i dont have any idea about the ask question should i say no straight or should i try to coniviece in other manner
My friend had an internal debate whether or not to pay to have someone else wrap a gift for her but figured that they would have cool ribbon, etc... and it would end up looking better than what she could have done with the stuff she had at home.
As always, the importance of good company with good food is emphasized on the road. Good food becomes great when the conversation serves. Thank you to one and all.
If the second half of the movie has any value, it's as a showcase for Warren Williams. Williams plays Blake as a man with confidence, smarts, and ego. He has the profile for it, too, with his aquiline nose and pencil thin mustache. Williams was a fine and unjustly forgotten actor and this role plays to his strengths. He was the ideal flim-flam man, the very figure of a city slicker, and the movie exploits this vigorously. Bette Davis has considerably less to do in the movie than Williams, but she somehow makes as much of an impression. This isn't a film that she is remembered for, and there's no reason it should be. Her part is thankless. She's another of the Pre-code era's hyper competent women who goes to pieces in the end over love. In spite of all of this, Davis seizes the camera's attention whenever she's on screen. Davis is the paragon of the classic movie actress, but she was a movie star, too, and you can see that even in this role. The organizer of the screening I went to suggested that Davis was about twelve films from stardom when she made The Dark Horse--and he's not wrong--but you can totally see Davis's embryonic star power. One almost wishes that Davis had played Maybelle, the film's ostensible villainess, because Vivienne Osborne is totally outshined by Williams and Davis, though the role of Kay Randall is certainly worthy of Davis. She is, after all, one of the prime movers in the plot. Like many Pre-code women, she has more agency than the women in movies made after the Code slammed down on Hollywood.
Secondly, setting exposure to handle available light. This is primarily an indoor photo venue, and the existing lighting is set up for people, not necessarily for photography. It is far from uniform. On-camera flash is too harsh, so the key is using the available light with a vision to what you are creating in the frame. This means longer shutter speeds on a tripod, and that brings in the light hidden in the shadows.
The campaign was due to run for two weeks on the side of vehicles serving five routes in the capital, including top tourist destinations such as St Paul's Cathedral, Oxford Street, Trafalgar Square and Piccadilly Circus.
Please let me finish by August.
ANGELA: Very limited amount.
I am not sure when I decided that the idea was not as outrageous as I originally thought, but one day after a training run for the Portland Marathon, I came home and announced I was going to take an ice bath. And I did. I took a few that summer as I trained to run 26.2 miles. After my one and only marathon I decided I liked running 13 miles much better than 26, quickly taking my insanity level down a notch. Training for a half marathon meant half as much time training, half as many aches and pains and made ice baths a distant memory. In fact the last time someone mentioned an ice bath I declared I would only take an ice bath after running 18 miles or more, which I have no plans to do as of right now.
Assemble the bracelet. Attach the dreidels link by link until the bracelet is the desired length.
Lisa G. - $50 Coupon Envy from Marie's Centsable Savings
release the epinephrine
Whom his ain son o'life bereft,
“Please cherish this treasure of hope, holding it close to your heart throughout your life. This in itself represents a life of victory, a life of glory.”
I’m guessing that it won’t. The producers will probably get an opportunity to pitch what a second season would look like, and Fox head Kevin Reilly has been receptive to those pitches in the past. If it can cut costs, show it has direction, and maybe get JJ Abrams more involved it has a shot. I’m guessing Reilly will look to something new, that doesn’t require such an overhaul.
Chris – 77 (32.08%)
That is why I am always urging my students to drink less, but better wine and to try things that are new to them. Wine is often at its most exciting when trying something new from somewhere totally unexpected.
Oh, one more thing about the leather pants. Since they're from the Gap, it's easy to figure out exactly how old they are: All Gap (and Banana Republic) labels have the season on them (it's true, go look). These pants are from Fall 2000. Hmmm...and these are vintage how, exactly?
i like the simple but cool shape here. and bonus points for wiring it for lighting. not sure we'd go that route but it scores for looks and function. i think we'd be good to go with the big windows light-wise.
11. Mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon.
Kim Logan My artistic style I would say is ‘eclectic vintage’ using layers. Its always hard to describe ones own work, I’m not actually convinced I have a right to call myself an ‘artist’, I do agonise over that one..!!..I ‘play’ with art and collage and sometimes I like what I have done, but really by profession I am a graphic designer and derive my income from that, so can truthfully call myself a ‘graphic designer’, just not sure on ‘artist’. Maybe once I sell something I have done under the ‘collage artist’ heading I can say I am an artist..!!
1.Preheat the oven to 160°C (325°F) Gas 3.
I figure everybody who reads this also has another window open, immediately booking that deep sea diving class. Oh the joy! No, it’s not all that bad. To prove it, I will leave you with this (sort of) cute dumbo octopus.
I also made her a little lady bug house out of fabric that I quilted onto peltex...I had no idea what I was doing... I saw the little pattern in Cloth Paper Scissors and I thought it would be cute in fabric. This was a tough one to figure out...once done though, I just think it turned out really cute. There were several times when I was ready to throw it away.
Then someone at my side says, " There she goes! "
Short Description: At fifteen, Njideka is caught in the deep political turmoil beleaguering Nigeria.When the government arrests and tortures her father following a peaceful protest, he returns home a shadow of himself: a changed man. Njideka’s family begins to break apart under the yoke of a reckless regime. It is a story of hardship, abuse, and the resilient spirit of those desperate to breathe the air of freedom.
Because of their subversive nature, these schools have been outlawed in Russia and Uzbekistan.
So, I guess, all that's left to say is: here's my interview with magnificent, the wondrous, the lovely and the brilliant Aimee Bender. Enjoy. I certainly did.
A friend who lives there joined us and walked us through a brief history of the neighborhood and past some of the favorite clubs. Walking by a building I remembered from St Patrick’s, I recalled that it was a home for the elderly, that many of them stood in the doorwell or pulled chairs onto the sidewalk to watch the festivities pass. Made me less scared of getting old here.
WHIP CREAM GUN—AERATE SALMON MOUSSE ONTO MINI BAGELS, GARNISH WITH
The ending of the movie is truly bizarre. I’m not talking about Robin almost blurting out that Bruce Wayne is Batman in front of the de-masked Catwoman, or that the Security Council members turned into different colored dust, but the re-hydrated Security Council members all speaking different languages. In a far-too-long sequence that sees Bats and Robin turning the Security Council members human, the members all start speaking different languages, so the German guy is speaking Japanese and the Japanese guy is speaking English or whatnot.
Mmmmmm, good food, good friends, the perfect combination!
Anyway, I have been very good about limiting myself to buying e-books instead of acquiring new paper copy books for my shelves, but I couldn't resist buying four hardcovers this week because these books look so beautiful on my shelf! I do have a good excuse though: I attended a book signing by Kristin Cashore so I had to buy books there to thank the store for sponsoring the event, right?
I had such a great day with everyone.
Well, I picked up a couple books, and headed home to find my husband walking towards me with a hand-in-the-cookie-jar kind of face. Although not quite a cookie jar. He caught his pinkie finger in a dresser drawer and broke it. The finger, not the drawer. He's had experience breaking and then setting the same finger previously (I may or may not have been the one to actually break it previously, hypothetically speaking), so it's as straight as it's going to be again albeit very swollen and rather purple.
It’s amazing that they were able to keep it exciting even for people who already read the stories. Moriarty for instance seems to be involved in all his cases, wich is a little different from the books. Overall everything is much faster and more adventerous and his deductions are slightly more obvious than in the books, but it is still so much fun to watch.
"Anyone clued up on these Android tablets. Looking to buy one for a 4 year old for Christmas and no idea where to start?! HELP!!"
"Verity squinted at them again. 'Don't think I don't know what you've been doing. Cavorting all over town, questioning folks and stirring up trouble. And all you've learned from your flumadiddles is that the dead man wasn't from around here.'"
Sleepwalking Through History by Haynes Johnson. I bought and read this about 15 years ago but it's been on my mind a lot lately so I'm re-reading it. It's the Reagan era and how it came to be and it's surprisingly relevant to now in this anti-government era, which I totally don't get. Newt insists Reagan passed the mantle on to him and he is channeling Reagan.
Israel at 64 is much more Paul than James McCartney – curious, maturing, certainly still seeking to be loved, but far from helpless.
Day 3: Happy Birthday, Moon by Frank Asch and Goodnight Moon by Margaret Wise Brown. We started our Goodnight Moon lapbook and finished it by the end of the week.
But despite these additional concerns, the main danger continues to come from the Taliban.
Link whoring after the cut because the list is too damn long.
Wish us luck.
I am such a rebel.....
Anyway. Just as I see two of my co-workers standing in the parking lot right in front of me, I FELL DOWN. On my right knee. Straight off of my old Dansko clogs:
Surprise!: QB, Ryan Tannehill
THE JOY OF THE LORD
Giveaways are really fun to host. Quite weird if you think about it, since I'm the one having to provide the prizes and shipping costs and whatnot. But there is this certain sense of satisfaction I feel after giving away a book that would otherwise have just sat on my bookshelf for the next decade or so.
He was right, I did enjoy it.
In any case, they bothered me. Unlike the prom portraits, the posters had no redeeming value. To be frank, once you’ve seen one kitten dangling from a clothesline, you’ve pretty much seen ‘em all. If there was any doubt as to the worthless quality of these posters, all one had to do was look at the dorm rooms of these same girls as sophomores. There were typically no traces of these sickly-sweet bits of visual noise.
I’ll update the Projects page, but here is the details of the car monitor (which will be similar to my UPC battery backup logging experiment):
You may remember a few weeks ago I posted an email I had sent to this mob:
Two robbers were crucified with Him, one on His right and one on His left. Those who passed by hurled insults at Him, shaking their heads and saying, ‘You who are going to destroy the temple and build it in three days, save yourself! Come down from the cross, if you are the Son of God!’
I reached the finish after 9 hours, 35 minutes and 1 second. From 1218 finishers out of 50 countries I achieved a nice 256th position. The winner Jonas Buud (Sweden) finished in 6:11:02 - for the fivth (!) time - and Lizzy Hawker (Great Britain) in 7:16:17. Congrats! Absolutely amazing. Only 6 people ran this race under 7 hours.
Inevitable wandering, people come and go
This post is a collection of photos I took when I was in Japan this summer because they are the reminders of my being in Japan and what I like about Japan. I realized that I didn’t notice things in Japan as much as I notice things in Jakarta though. It’s probably because my eyes are used to seeing things in Japan.
MySpace charged for violating user privacy, vows to do better – Charged by the US Federal Trade Commission with violating federal law due to having shared its users’ personal information and Web browsing habits with third parties, MySpace has agreed that from now on, it will obey its privacy policy to the letter and will institute in-depth privacy controls for its users.
Being part of an online “fitness blogging community” can sometimes cause you to lose sight of reality if you’re not looking for inspiration in the right places. There are a lot of people with blogs who focus on being skinny, having a “thigh gap” (if you don’t know what it is, Google it), having boyfriends who can lift them up — a whole lot of nonsense, if you ask me. Because, truly, truly, truly: None of these things have any bearing on your health. And, I’m sorry, but I cannot, will not, do not read the blogs of those whose main goal is to be lifted up by their boyfriend. Truth be told, I’d rather read the blogs of women whose goal is to lift up their boyfriend. (I’m comin’ for ya Mr. B.)
She also denied the group had already planned Bersih 3.0 before the PSC report was finalised although there were talks of “what their next course of action would be”.
The hotel itself, where the dancing is and you can stay if you book early, is not really a hotel at all - it's called a hotel and looks like one from the outside but it's really a military outfit dedicated to military clients visiting the naval base. The dance hall is great, but the rooms are extremely basic. There are few double beds, there may or may not be window curtains or shower curtains, and if you want a bath-sized towel you have to bring your own, like a good galactic hitchiker. En-suite accommodation does not include the loo, which is along the corridor. The hotel is also ten minutes' walk out of town. However, it's extremely cheap and it does serve food, including sandwiches at odd times. Having had a good look at it on Google Earth and a bit of a nose at the website, I decided that being able to fall out of a comfortable room and into a nice breakfast in the sunshine was a higher priority than being able to fall out of the milonga directly into bed - ten minutes' quiet walk helps me sleep, anyway. I stayed at the two-star Hotel Celenya, just off Place de la Liberté, which happened to offer a discount through the corporate scheme where I work and was very reasonable and comfortable with very nice staff. The walk back into town is perfectly all right and there's always someone else going. If you're on a tight budget or less attached to comfort, and you're not interested in exploring other aspects of this fascinating town, the Cercle du Marin is a very good deal. Be aware that everything shuts on Sundays, and the only place to get breakfast is on the front.
And while the initial early morning fumble to get out the door is painful, the rewards for hitting the streets of Paris before 8am can be enormous. As they were this morning.
9. Taken by Debra Lee - Welcome to the fictitious little town of Watery, Pennsylvania where the district attorney’s personal secretary, Mary Murray never planned to become a single mom or a suspect in her infant’s disappearance.
Designing for the iPad is definitely new territory and I’ve found it vital to have an iPad on hand to look at when doing my design; I have a hard time knowing the right dimensions as I’ve never worked with an iPad before this project.There are so many grey areas still, I feel, with this new technology especially when it comes to design. One particularly frustrating thing was the lack of examples to look at and follow since I don’t have an iPad and there isn’t much out there online for this type of thing.
8:00 PM – John Cena is in the building. Let’s get this contract signing going!
11 When I Grow Up
Wow! great quote - thanks for sharing your answers with us Tania! it was great to get to know you a bit more!
At 250,000 he stopped. The audience breathed a sigh of relief. He then did something which silenced the last cynic in the audience:
Happy Thanksgiving! What are YOU thankful for this year?
- Discreet open pockets on the back and beneath the buckled flap
Most people who have seen this image say they had no idea that a kangaroo could swim. He swam so efficiently it surprised even me. I had never seen a kangaroo swim either. I have to admit that it was the most unusual occurrence. I cropped the image a little to enlarge it to show you a little better here below. I must apologize for the poor quality.
Though I long to hear that lonesome hippie smile.
SARA CROWLEY Talented short story writer, novelist in the making, bookseller and certainly candidate for the most superb Mum on the planet. We talked about The writing of a ‘modern classic’. Dylan Thomas, David Jones, toffees, and tea with Obama.
It's finally here! Are you ready to kick off the Sweet 'n Sassy Stamps May New Release Celebration? I'm super excited about this month's release - it has some fantastic stamp sets! Want to see what I made for today? Take a look:
There are a lot of resources out there to help kids practice their math facts---basic flashcards, math games, computer programs, etc. Some are fun, some not so fun. Some provide efficient practice, others are a bit heavy on the “game” and lighter on the math.
It is easier to view Cornelius as a faithful scientist when compared with the conniving Dr. Zaius. Zaius is put in the awkward position of serving as head of scientific research and being the chief defender of the faith. The latter will always wind up being more important. Recall the lengths Zaius was willing to go to: lobotomizing Taylor’s fellow astronauts, attempting to geld Taylor, and destroying Cornelius’ findings that man once ruled the Earth while apes were the animals. I have seen that sort of attitude from religious leaders in regards to issues both scientific and social. I have been in Cornelius’ shoes when trying to wade through which course to take.My roommate and I had a big debate over the issue of science v. religion after catching POTA one night in 1999. We were both what you could best classify as existentialist Christians, meaning we both adhered to the tenets of conservative Protestantism (But I am a Calvinist; he was not) yet see no reason to attribute supernatural explanations when a rational one will do. The debate was not much at that point Dr. Zaius, as Minister of Science and Chief Defender of the Faith should have emphasized his duties for the former, not the latter instead of the opposite.
i was not going to get into this discussion. the whole concept of copyright is dauntingly complex. so at first i just ignored the rumblings. then they got stronger. and i started to receive emails directly about the subject. i ignored those too. but i also started doing some research. and what i was seeing alarmed me. i did not like what i was reading. not about our friend. still i was not going to mention it here. not on this blog. but then on wednesday, a customer asked about the situation in our store. in front of sarah. i was crushed when she then asked me why people were talking about her friend kate.
Do not let kindness and truth leave you, bind them around your neck, write them on the tablet of your heart. So you will find favor and good repute in the sight of God and man Proverbs 3:3-4
And now for the rest of the story....
We could subtitle this one as proof that the world belongs to stubborn people.
Although we do have a fireplace, we don't have a mantle. Insert sad face here. So I had to get creative with stockings this year. After draping the garland and tying it off with raffia, I decided to go ahead and do the same with our stocking--tie them to the bannister with raffia. This is the first thing you see when you walk in our front door.
I was finally forced to pull under an anonymous person's overhang and knock on their door. They gave me a towel to cover my stuff, but they too were without a car, as many people are on this Base. Families only have one car and half the time your car is en route to or from Turkey anyways. So it's the only way she could help me. By the time I got home I was drenched and had given up trying to keep my glasses clean a long time ago.
After I got home from school yesterday I did some errands. My Sister-in-law and Brother-in-law just had a baby boy (MAZAL TOV M&D!!!!) and D and I wanted to get them a double stroller as a gift. They have a 15 month old son as well, and they are definitely going to need a way to tote the tots around easily. I ordered it from BuyBuyBaby and they should get it soon! I am so excited for them to be able to use it...and soooo excited about my new nephew:)
And since I'm a furmommy to 2 pups... here's my other baby:
Transplanted from So Cal to San Francisco, The Other Half’s main claim to fame is Punk classic Mr. Pharmacist. Their lone album suffers from sludgy production and unnecessary cheesy canned audience applause on the opening track, but there’s some great stuff here, notably Flight Of The Dragon Lady, Morning Fire, and Wonderful Day— a Summer of Love stunner about, in Randy’s words, “this guy who's really happy, generally just happy about everything in life. And he's got some girl that is just pissed. So it's a conflict.” With the exception of What Can I Do For You (a BIG exception to some), nowhere is the LP reflective of the contemporaneous San Francisco sound. This is tough psychedelic street punk, similar in certain aspects to the first Amboy Dukes album, and Holden’s work is outstanding. Too bad the record was released in 1968, at least a year past it’s sell-by date.
By raising our own chickens, we know how they are treated, what they eat, and how they are treated when harvested. We also know that they are not given hormones. We know how old they are, and where they were purchased.
So, in all this honesty about death, certain explanations were overlooked. Most notably, the plight of the chinchilla. No, not a Poe story–don’t try and google it. The chinchilla came from the pet library. Like second grade field trips to wineries the Pet Library was most likely peculiar to the time and place (Northern California in 1968.)
I blame the shortcut “tom” for not giving me enough chances to practice spelling this word. In formal writing this word is rarely used. Transitioning phrases that use this word will make the sentence boring. “Tomorrow, Sheila will go to the mall,” and other similar sentences will make your story seem juvenile. I usually use this in informal messages like text, chat, or fb where I am not obligated to spell out the whole word. I just simply say, “See you tom!”
I love the necklace - it's so pretty - but it's a really tricky one to pull off. It doesn't quite work as a dressy necklace (like, with a dress or a very formal outfit or an open neckline), but it's a little fussy worn as a layering piece. I compromised by just having it peeking out at the neckline.
I hope you have a fantastic weekend! Wow...it is the last one in February! Time sure flies!
The rest of my time I focused my attention on trying beers in the South Tent. These were a few of my favorites (beer descriptions by Gary Corbin):
Open door of Heaven
dictionary?
REMARKS BY THE FIRST LADY
The full cost of the course is £77.
As we know, duplicate pieces are often aimed towards those middle-training persons, This means, they can be fairly made for all common persons. So a lot more people individual the luxury and famous Europe pieces. The replica watches now are approached and recognized by a lot of places most of the globe. Do you know tips on how to choose the excessive-top quality and ideal duplicate pieces from a whole lot duplicate styles? I believe, the exercises are quite critical. And after this I needed bought an element that duplicate pieces from Chinese suppliers.(We've amassed over 50 various top quality duplicate different watches) so so far as I am anxious, I'm able to talk about my helpful practical experience for yourself.
Hopefully if I ever get another exhibition in the future then I'll have a bit more notice, but at least I've made a serious dent in my backlog of images to process :)
We got Stafford when I was in my second year of law school. We picked him out at the pound and both Mrs. ZZUB and I instantly loved him. The first time Mrs. Z held him, his tail wagged so hard I thought it might fall off. He took to us immediately and we fell fast in love with him. The pound made us wait a little over a week before we could take him home. We went back a few times in that week to see him again. Even though he wasn’t ours yet, he’d already captured our hearts and we couldn't bear to be without him.
Taking these development together, I was left with a feeling of deep concern and impending alarm - while U.S. law on safe harbours for intermediaries continues to develop (despite its own shortcomings), the Indian law on this point is replete with ambiguities and is in dire need of an immediate standard-setting exercise. However, the second development I mentioned (questioning the legality of the Intermediary Guidelines itself) does leave open the possibility of completely discarding the current guidelines. This would give us a new drawing board, a fresh set of paper and the most important ingredient of all - the benefit of experience and extra-territorial interpretations, to help us draft a reasonable clear and comprehensive document to guide online service providers, who are in a desperate need of some clarification on this issue.
Congress authorized the attack on October 11, 2002. The administration claimed at the time it needed to show its teeth in order to get inspectors in there. The joint resolution, the Bushies told Congress, was necessary in order to avoid war. On November 8, the U.N. imposed tough new arms inspections on Iraq. Now here’s the really interesting part. Ten days later, weapons inspectors dispatched by the U.N. returned to Saddam-land for the first time in almost four years. Meanwhile, Bush and Cheney passed the word to the Pentagon to prepare for an invasion, and by March 2003, had 200,000 troops surrounding Saddam.
And finally spades in the fall = leaves fall like spades, harvest, call a spade a spade, reaping what was sown, grieving the end of summer's bounty and the death and drawing in of nature, spades are upside down hearts, swords, the opposite of spring, a time to take inventory, move inward, digging in, collect your bounty. . .
At 14, I didn’t want tomorrow. I wanted out.
Published: May 6, 2012
Mildred tries to keep some humor in a humorless situation and asks if there’s any particular part she hates. Veda says no, just all of it, as she helps herself to a cigarette and tosses the match onto the carpet with a nasty “what’re you going to do about it” look at her mother. This young actress is brilliant. I hate Veda so much. Mildred tells her to put out the cigarette and pick up the match. “Like hell I will,” says Veda. Mildred so clearly has no idea what to do here, and instead of taking the cigarette away, sending the daughter to her room, and forcing her to work in the restaurant for a few weeks to get some perspective, she walks over and slaps Veda, who just slaps her right back.
At Copic Colour Challenges the actuall dare is to use the colors E 18, E 42 and E 77 somewhere on your card - or similar ones if you don´t own these. I used E 18 in the hair, E 42 on the dress and E 77 on the shoes and the bag.
This weekend was the Grand Opening of Missions Thrift Store. It will be open open two Saturdays per month at my church and the proceeds go to missions trips. Olivia's twin from another mother and his mother invited us to come along with them for some shopping fun and here are my finds:
Showers are a joy! GenRose and I headed out to the showers as Susan returned...what a sight! We not only carried our personal necessities; but a bath mat, so I wouldn't slip; and a shower stool, so I could rest if necessary...this was a big responsibility for GenRose, she was in charge of her grandmothers safety and welfare. She was very attentive, making sure she helped me set up the mat and stool before she left me some privacy for my shower.
Stamps - Sugar Nellie (Cute and Cuddly - I left out the other little critters) coloured with Prisma pencils and sentiment from Stampin' Up Look Who's Turning set
Squares is using the heat map concept in a very intuitive and easy to use way to display data organized along two main axes – such as the global sales performance of various products in various countries. Dragging along rows or columns highlights them one at a time, tapping on a row or column “explodes” its content to a matrix with more detail – in which one can again navigate, sort, etc.. Tap & Hold on the heat map generates a Fish-Eye view with more detail of the tapped element maximized. Moving while holding will move the fish-eye to areas of interest. (see image below)
8. “This is a great victory for lovers of freedom and justice everywhere. Congratulations to our intelligence community, our military and the president. My thoughts are with the families of Osama bin Laden’s many thousands of victims, and the brave servicemen and women who have laid down their lives in pursuit of this murderous terrorist.” – Mitt Romney (May 2011)
Average existence measured by mean.
When you fall, get up again. Learn from your mistakes, hold your head up high and go on.
Steps 2 & 3: Cover cookies with fondant, and pipe a decorative border with royal icing. You definitely do not have to pipe a border; I did to make the cookies a little bit fancier. You can also add sparkling/sanding sugar, sprinkles, non-pareils, etc to the borders if you like. Let the fondant dry before decorating, preferably overnight.
To face the mighty unknown sea of death.
“It’s not so much a question of faith in his abilities, it’s more a question of his sanity. He said he’s going to cast a spell to teleport me.”
At first I wasn't sure. I hadn't thought of a braided rug at all. What if the colors didn't go? It was certainly big enough and in very good, nay, perfect, condition. He hadn't priced it yet. I waited (the sofa, which I paid his asking price for, as it was well worth it, was safely in the Suburban) while he decided (and in my own mind, I decided how much I wanted him to say -- $30). He said $50. I offered $40. And that was that!
Some shots, breathing treatments, antibiotics and lots of fluids let me come home on Christmas Eve instead of spending it at the hospital.
The thing is, I no longer feel qualified to give people instructions on how to write or get published – or anything else, for that matter. I did not follow the rules I was expounding — though I do think I followed through with the major one: thou shalt not bore thy readers. So far, with all the comments and reviews I’ve received, no one said they were bored. Nor do I know how to get published by a major publisher. So all I can do is what I’ve done all along — whether it’s a book or a blog, or the short story I’m supposed to be writing but am not – try to write what only I can write.
Descent into Name-Calling: When all else fails simply go to ad hominem attack. Attack the messenger and not the message. This works best if done with inflammatory terminology and will quite often descend into pure profanity. An example might be, "too lazy to get her ass out of the house for a real job."
Nothing happens in a vacuum.
I have always left open that doorway into thanks. I can’t take any credit for this. I was given a gift of faith as surely as the gifts of prudence and cleanliness were withheld from me. Even when life was very dark I was waiting for whatever was on the other side of the door. I’ve bullied myself into maintaining a heart that is ready for gratitude whenever it springs up, that even in darkness seeks the light on the other side of the door.
What would you do ??
My parents are in town this weekend for a quick visit and my mom was talking about how her pants are too big in the booty.
Of course, I also think Claire Danes and Michelle Dockery are gorgeous. But I look at them like I would look at anything unattainable, nice on the eyes, but no emotional involvement. That wasn't true when I was a kid in love with Anne Jeffreys, who played Marion Kirby on the sitcom, Topper, with her husband, Robert Sterling as George Kirby, and character actor Leo G. Carroll as Cosmo Topper. Oh yeah, mustn't forget Neil, the St. Bernard. I was totally loopy for Anne. I would lie in bed and scheme ways to be with her. First of all, magic would make me a man, all grown up. I wondered how old Anne was. Maybe she was 21...? She was actually in her early thirties in the mid-1950s (born in 1923), but 21 sounded old and mature to me when I was a nine-year-old boy. If I had some magic, like maybe how Billy Batson, a boy, shouted "Shazam!" and became Captain Marvel, a man, I could move right in. Of course there was the problem of that pesky husband, Robert Sterling, but maybe she'd divorce him for me, or better yet, he could be a car crash and die. Morbid as that was, I felt it was probably the best course of action. I probably got the idea from the show; George and Marion were ghosts of people killed in a car crash.
(just a bit of a FYI, since I guess I've not had cause to bring this up before: I was born and raised in Cardiff, and obviously my parents still live here. Despite living in Southampton now, I still consider Cardiff 'home' and I miss it here a lot if I haven't been back for a while).
the state of Virginia debated whether or not to force every women seeking an abortion to submit to vaginal probing with an ultrasound device, a policy that campaigners called "state-sponsored rape" -- one state representative commented that he couldn't see what the problem was, as these women had already consented to being penetrated when they
When you play with fire, sometimes you get burned. And other times, you get a baby... And as I've said before, very few moments are easy, it's hardly ever the classic definition of perfection but somehow, it's still so stinking awesome. Loss of sleep. Loss of money. Loss of independence. These are all true to some extent. There is no denying it. But the gains are worth more than any of those things. They are better than any trip I've taken. Better than any size I've ever been. Better than any piece of furniture I could have bought. Any car I could be driving.
Red velvet
Are the hippies and kids of the 1970's like the Flappers of the 1920's to this generation? The answer is yes.
Christmas cards may be picked up at The Salvation Army, 1130 Hampton Avenue, or mailed to your residence for an additional fee. Prices start at $10 for 10 cards, with bulk purchase rates available. For more information, contact Kathy Poston at (314) 646-3039.
There’s a psychic substance once an old man of Kabbala told his cat
6 Lost At Your Party
Five Star
be looking at a cyber-based Ops Lalang now?
Hello Goddesses, hope everyone had a great St Patty's day I was so stuffed with corned beef and cabbage.
If this interpretation is too liberal, know that it is not necessary to agree with this one point in order to see Christ in creation. There are other places which have more obvious references to Christ in Genesis 1. The first one which comes to mind is Genesis 1:2!
I stopped by Old World Brewery today after work to sample some more of their product and happily got more than I’d bargained for. But first, let’s talk keg crisis, shall we folks?
The kids who are causing this insurmountable pain need to see. They shouldn’t be allowed to wait until they’re seventeen based on the MPAA. They should be forced to watch as Ty Smalley’s father says this:
With the rising costs of important commodities, problems with provider nations, and the discrepancy among supply and need, it might be a good inevitable encounter regarding drivers to start considering the usage of energy effective cars more than well-known, super-powered counterparts. If the vehicle market offers anything to say about it, it is clearly that individuals should begin starting their brains in order to eco-friendly choices. The final five years have got given way in favor of the particular creation associated with hybrids, electric powered cars and also intelligent cars for that new era regarding accountable consumers. If you want to grow to be area of the tendency that help minimize around the world, as well as reduce your current regular gasoline expenses, here are a few of the very most fuel effective SUVs and vehicles regarding this you are able to consider purchasing.
10-What do you most dislike about your appearance?
Inflamed no more
I talked about how writing such mean things about someone you don't even know really tells me that Teagan is feeling some yucky stuff inside of herself. That I can tell she is feeling bad on the inside because her evening up until that point had been emotional and whiny.
One student opened the app Grammar HD and we viewed an interactive site about nouns – we found a definition, reviewed what a proper noun was, and identified nouns in sentences – all with a touch of our fingers. Then we opened Pages, started a new document and wrote a paragraph incorporating our assigned part of speech, the topic being “Anything about Kennedy.” My team chose to write about Grade 5 Shooting Stars Team! Students learned to indent, to boldface type of the part of speech we were investigating, to think about “brownie” openers (nothing vanilla in this room.) Students then emailed their document to Mrs. lemon.
Of course, there's the question of how much of the theft was intentional. I don't know a thing about Singularity's development cycle. It's possible none of these elements were purposefully nicked, but given the very obvious Borat reference found in a late level, I doubt the designers weren't aware of what they were doing. To quote my favorite composer, Igor Stravinsky, "Good composers borrow. Great composers steal."
by Kee Thuan Chye
Well, imagine my delight when I found out that I was the lucky winner!
I'll take it to the Mairie.
As is often the case with the first versions, the ROMs are more than a little rough around the edges. While CyanogenMod 9 takes a while to connect to 3G, it also doesn’t support camera or Wi-Fi hotspots. It’s not all doom and gloom, however, and the developers have re-calibrated the buttons on the HTC One X enabling multitasking button to play the part of the menu button.
I cough all night and wake up with a tight chest. (Sadly, it’s just a congested chest and not an enhanced bosom.)
What started off as another good weekend for McLaren, quickly ended in disaster. Lewis Hamilton put down a fantastic Q3, securing a front row start, less than a second behind Sebastian Vettel. Ultimately, Hamilton’s race was ruined in the pits. Everything that could possibly go wrong, for McLaren in the pits, has happened over the last 3 races. In China, Jenson Button’s hopes for a second victory were squashed, due to a faulty wheel gun. In Bahrain, Hamilton was held up by a wheel nut issue. The prediction, is that in a haste to get Hamilton out quickly, the wheel hub became cross threaded, which affected his second pit stop and ultimately spoiled his race.
account). Get this, because it is a "religious based" charity, it pays, little to no
Clear Ribbon (see-through):
K grumbled and I sprinkled some arnica under Youngest's tongue and had a quick look and we went to bed.
I'm sure I won't be on here as much either :) but I do have a guest blogger tomorrow that I am very excited to have, as well as I am taking part in a giveaway later this week that should be very fun. Check back on Wednesday to see what it is!
The light for ever is morning light;
Don't have Pinterest yet but want to get on board? Leave me a message in the comments with your email address and I'll send you an invite!
95. Lily: Cindy Bonner
“And when sivalingam becomes fixed above the head, then we can see over the head the energy construction resembling light antlers.”
If you want to make this dish vegan, simply use flavour-neutral coconut oil in place of the ghee and leave out the cheese – it is still utterly delicious without it.
I got some of these Sally Hansen Salon Effects on sale at my local Priceline a little while back. They are from last year's Halloween collection which included some cool designs like skulls, some little orange and white ghosts, spiderwebs and a bright red fishnet design. I picked up "Hot Wired" which is a bright green background with black barbed wire print.
Current lamb count: Sixteen--nine girls, seven boys, and two ewes left to deliver.
Predicted: Andrew Luck
Moving further right along the wall, you step even further back in time to a spectacular panel of Barrier Canyon art, drawn by a culture that thrived in this area as far back as 8,000 years ago (600-6,000 BC). The eerie anthropomorphic figures, with their large,empty eyes, protruding “antennas”, and misshapen heads stare down at you from a distant past. As you gaze upon these well-preserved drawings, you wonder what it was that motivated the Barrier Canyon artists to draw these strange creatures in the first place.
Look up any music video from these guys and you’ll think you’re watching an MTV reject band, but all their songs are so damn catchy! Lacuna Coil, eat your hearts out. Also, how smokin’ hot is that singer?!
Effectively meeting the demand: - Staff should be scheduled as per work or productivity demand, more staff during busy shifts and fewer employees during slower times. Under staffing results in employee exhaustion, poor staff retention and ultimately to negative customer experiences due to poor quality of product or long waiting periods. Over-staffing can be costly and can eat into profits.
"No I'm NOT!", Katie screamed. Then I calmly asked Natalie what happened that she is so upset about.
SO ORDERED
P.S. Kamree's polkadot pony party planning post will be coming soon and, of course, she is begging for live entertainment! Are pony rides legal in residential neighborhoods?! Where did that child come from, anyway?! She certainly keeps us on our toes!
2, Morrolan e’Drien by Steven Brust
First off, no. You won’t get high.
“But you, beloved, building yourselves up in your most holy faith and praying in the Holy Spirit, keep yourselves in the love of God, waiting for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ that leads to eternal life.” (Jude 1:20, 21)
On Saturday afternoon as we approached the final leg of our journey from Naples to Montepertuso we found ourselves in the middle of an autobus sandwich!
Dissolve the yeast in the warm water, pour into larger bowl, add the other ingredients, stir or knead the dough. let rise for 15 min. preheat oven to 425.
Easter was a busy weekend and was our first real test of dealing with large numbers of people. It was a great success, with a band and an easter saturday BBQ a real hit with the locals and tourists.
May 03 1:36 AM
** in case you didn't guess, this is entirely made up. but if someone wants to start a new cross-disciplinary research field in hydrology, paleontology, geography and geology, just saying, I know the perfect name. ahem. *total expert*
for many reasons.
I have been working on designs where some of the canvas shows through. I've also been thinking about designs that go beyond conventional threads.
Are you trusting in Jesus as your savior?
"our harvest being gotten in, our governour sent foure men on fowling, that so we might after a speciall manner rejoyce together, after we had gathered the fruits of our labours ; they foure in one day killed as much fowle, as with a little helpe beside, served the Company almost a weeke, at which time amongst other Recreations... And although it be not always so plentifull, as it was at this time with us, yet by the goodness of God, we are so farre from want, that we often wish you partakers of our plentie."-Edward Winslow
Once we were within the vicinity, the four of us—John, Erin, Lauren, and I—made our way to the actual finish line. More security demanded our press identification as we climbed up less-than-sturdy metal stairs to a perch looming over the runners as they took their final strides.
Some lucky someone is going to get a beautiful little piece of bling bling on Wednesday, all details on the bottom. And do visit her fabulous store....so many beautiful things that only look like a million dollars! Click here to visit the beautiful new Splenderosa shop just brimming with all kinds of fabulous little sparklers! Lets go.....
14. Baking soda in the litterbox will help prevent odors.
I choose to believe I am not what I have, and I am not what I do! I am what only God says I am and I can do what only God says I can do! Amen!
10. Aspirin and melatonin. In trying times like this, there will be headaches, and there will be a need to calm down and rest. Alcohol or marijuana is not recommneded for trying to get sleep.
When I got them, I saw lots of designs from Bundle Monster's first set and also few from Konad. Everything looks fine, just the patterns are really SMALL, lots of them are even smaller than on BM's 1st set. :/ Here's a comparison I did ~ Konad's vs. BM's 1st set. Some of the patterns are same on the both image plates. They came secured with a blue thin blue film.
In the anime, Dawn has a Buizel. It goes “Bui-bui”, and its signature move is Aqua Jet. Dawn ended up trading Buizel to Ash for Aipom, since Buizel likes to battle, and Aipom likes doing contests.
515-545- Franz Nicolay (of the Hold Steady)
air bubbles, hoed, stamped again.
under the spell
(Tom Tomorrow, via Daily Kos)
Getting a bit nervous now as it is just one week to go until the responsibility of hosting The Prediction comes my way. For those who did not read my earlier post, it is a weekly 'competition' where people write some wonderful 100 word flash fictions based on three words with a winner chosen (no prizes, just satisfaction of winning and reading the other great entries) and everyone is welcome; just play nicely!
I have a system.
Annie- Contrary to my review last week, Annie’s bags are, indeed, still happening. Annie talks to PJ about picking charities to fund and PJ interrupts to tell Annie that she needs to get a life. PJ tells her he won’t sign a check for a charity until she meets a guy. Lo and behold, Annie meets a guy named Caleb on the beach. Caleb tells her he wants to talk to her about her foundation over coffee. On their coffee date, Caleb tells Annie he does charity work because he lost someone close to him and he made a promise that anytime he could do something, he would. Annie mentions to PJ that he was the reason behind Jen and Naomi fighting. As I mentioned earlier, Annie finds out about Dixon’s heart condition. While Annie is in the hospital’s church praying, Caleb comes in and…surprise! Caleb’s a priest in training! Oh, Jesus.
Kelly (leaf) green
Fear and Trembling
Majority owner of LightSquared is Phil Falcone, who made billions on the subprime mortgage bubble. Falcone also donated heavily to obama and the DNC in 2008. Just prior to the FCC waiver ruling, Falcone made several visits to White House officials, where he admits he told them the waiver ruling “should not take that long.”
There are so many tools available for enhancing your website or blog. And so many of them are free! Slide.com is one I use to create sideshows for websites and blogs, or for emailing family and friends. It’s easy to use. Just upload pictures from your computer or an internet site like Dropbox, Flickr or Photobucket, customize with cool effects and backgrounds, then get the code to share. It’s easy to rearrange and add captions or resize. You pick the place where you want to share, Facebook, MySpace, and a variety of other social media and blogging platforms. Instructions are generated with the code. You can also share by email or a URL to your personal site at slide.com.
Brian Strumke of Stillwater Artisanal Ales, which will
Numpang, from Kaumpung Bajong Ili, is a retiree, while Mujah who comes from Kampung Ensika, Sebangan, is the secretary-general of Sarawak Dayak Iban Association.
The secret polka dot facings and pockets
Happy Birthday Uncle Clay!
*No Roger Sterling Line Of The Week this week. Perhaps he was too shaken by his encounter with Peggy to come up with anything quippy.
- Clean and wash fish very well.
Much Love
…But the child born on the Sabbath Day,
Orientation: This orientation exercise is a platform for discussion about leadership and local, national and international vision for the benefit of the local and greater society. It is part of a series which will share how our Mayor Kasim Reed and the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce are making history working with the United Nations to improve the quality of life for Atlanta residents by enhancing the environment now and for years to come as an example with sister cities around the world. The lesson includes: Computer-based Learning/English Language Arts/Critical Thinking. This lesson is compliant with the U.S. Department of Education and the State of Georgia Common Core Standards in the English Language Arts.
The brasier, a beautiful graphite color, is pretty enough to sit on the stovetop when I'm not using it. There are no long handles to get in the way, and because I can leave it sitting out, I don't have to contend with the lid rattling around in a drawer or cabinet. So far I've used my Staub to prepare eggs, grilled cheese, soup, roast chicken, fish, and rice.
The first thing I want to tell you about is what a software design pattern is. Does anyone know the answer to this question?
Here be where the visitors
One about running into a former student at the post office,
All fanatics, as a rule, when the spirit of lies has taken possession of them and led them away from the true faith, have been unable to stop there, but have followed the lie with murder and taken up the sword, as a sign that they were children of the father of all lies and murder. Thus we read how the Arians became murderers and one of the greatest bishops of Alexandria, Lucius by name, drove the orthodox out of the city, and went into the ship and held a naked sword in his own hand until the orthodox were all on board and had to go away; and these tender, holy bishops committed many other murders even at that time, which is almost twelve hundred years ago. Again, in the time of St. Augustine, which is almost eleven hundred years ago, the holy father shows, in his books, how many murders were committed by the Donatists. In such an utterly worldly way did the clergy conduct themselves! They had only the name and guise of bishops among the Christians; but because they had fallen away from the truth and become subject to the spirit of lies, they had to go forward in his service and become wolves and murderers. Even in our own times, what was Muenzer seeking, except to become a new Turkish emperor? He was possessed of the spirit of lies and therefore there was no holding him back; he had to go at the other work of the devil, take the sword and murder and rob, as the spirit of murder drove him, and he created such a rebellion and such misery.
So, I’ll try Bugs Bunny. On more than one occasion, Bugs popped up out of the ground to find himself in some sort of trouble or some strange situation and he mused that he should have turned left at Albuquerque.
The room was warm and dry and we were grateful for that. My aunt fell asleep instantly. I did not. The rain came down so hard I began to envision the mud outside collapsing in on us here in the forgotten room. Suddenly the Agnus Dei began to resound in my brain like a torment. “Lamb of God, you take away the sin of the world, have mercy on us.” It was strange because there was no Agnus Dei sung in the services, nor was it a part of the contemporary service I attended back home. I’m not even sure how I was so certain it was called the Agnus Dei. “Lamb of God…” I had to pee. Again. Slipping out of my sleeping bag, I squatted down on the floor with the cup, tried not to wake my aunt, tried to imagine meeting this need with a roomful of strangers. Felt the shame of bodily needs “….have mercy on us.” How spoiled we are with our indoor plumbing and our creature comforts of every kind. I began to imagine all the people, the women, who squat like this in mud and cold, in mud and heat, swatting flies with a baby on one breast and children all around, clamoring for more of something, each with their needs, their bodily needs, one spilling into the next til illness comes. “Lamb of God, you take away the sin of the world…” I was beginning to think I would not find peace here at all. And then I saw it, that orange glowing altar, and the Agnus Dei now refraining like a choir of angels and the certain knowledge that the only way to keep seeing that altar was to serve the poor. Was this how a person began down the path that would lead to a life like Mother Teresa’s I wondered as I wrestled and flopped, “…have mercy on us.”…until finally the light broke through the sliver of window and I heard my aunt’s voice.
Then there is the molecular species concept, where species are defined by a certain percent difference in their genetic code (or, more specifically, in select regions of their genetic code called markers). The trouble with the molecular species concept is that we cannot genotype every species, and even if we could, would that percent difference in an arbitrarily selected neutral marker really represent a meaningful separation in the behaviour and function of the organisms?
Aways in Love, always in Debt, Lawrence was involved with the Siddons sisters, - first with Sally, then with Maria, then back to Sally. However, it is said that it was really their mother, Sarah Siddons (the actress) that he was enthralled with. Lawrence's entanglements with the Siddons family has been the subject of three books and a recent radio play.
The Sobol Award kicked up into the writers world recently again. First off, if you are not familiar with this award, then please read the web site, The Sobol Award.
If you would like one from Morocco, let me know, if you would prefer one from London,
“An Irish Pharisee!” he exclaimed! “What?” said his priest. “Where did you get that from”? It’s John 3:1 – “Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nic O’demus…” says he.
I get home and we start settling into our day. I call the local S.P.C..A. and newspaper.
I'm the one that gets overly excited for birthdays and holidays. The mom that starts planning birthday parties months into advance. The one that has a gift closet, and puts way too much time and energy into things.
Who heard as they who in a dream
3) On the same day, he removed a half-inch splinter from Her Majesty's foot, which required me to sit on her and hold her down so that she would keep still. It took like an half an hour, and he gently worked at it until it came out. If I had been on my own, I would have given up and taken her to the doctor's office.
They got T-shirt waiting on yo fucking picture
I have loved cooking and baking for as long as I can remember...
Speaking of promotion, I have an update on some of the promo I've been trying. Whether you're traditionally or independently published, all authors will be faced with figuring out how to promote their work.
His attention was all over her again and though seated, it seemed to me like he was going to attack her any moment. The expat is huge. Like bouncer huge. But a flabby one. I was afraid he’d get physical and might knock us over like bowling pins. Work Friend A and I seem like walking Q-tips, after all.
Note that this is a beta release and the spreadsheet has had only limited testing. As always, if results are to be used for other than evaluation purposes it is essential that they are verified using an independent analysis.
I am weary. But My God is mighty. He will protect me. He will guide me through this time. He will refine me.
networking support. Download and enjoy popular apps and games from the
We love to sing songs like the bitsy spider and head shoulders knees and toes. You think I'm really funny when I sing for you. I guess there's one plus to me performing for thousands of children these past eight years.
Yes. We had a birthday. Which meant a birthday party. Our parties have changed. There were a LOT of healthy options. There was also cake. A four layer white chocolate cake with raspberry flavoured icing. YUM! (I LOVE to bake!)
each had a right to an assignment of the mortgage are not themselves an assignment and they are certainly not in recordable form.
Now we enter the mind of one such kid who I work with at the station, a guy who I guess I'll call pirate. This kid is a capital 'A' loser. A guy who never had a girlfriend, dropped out of High School, probably still lives with his parents and most likely will get nowhere in his life. Doesn't even go to college, he's a community volunteer like me. Now, whenever I talk about some of my friends when he's around, he seems to like to interject into the conversation and talk about how he is some how equal to these people who he has never even met or seen. :
The Silk cotton and the Coral Trees are on fire and the Gulmohars and Laburnum are getting ready to bloom. Birds like koel,crows, pigeons, parakeets, It is a delight to watch these dazzling flamboyant red flowers blazing amongst the soothing greens of other evergreens like Banyan, Jamun, Ashokas and many more.
Confirming the impression she made in September at the Silver Spring Citizens Advisory Board hearing, where she assembled only proponents of the curfew bill, Councilmember Ervin echoed the comments of Councilmembers Rice and Floreen in several respects: in her view, the curfew bill was about the safety of young people, and it was an answer to and a “statement” about something new:
While I can only speak to the affinity and interdisciplinary sessions that I went to, I will say that there was a remarkable amount of passion and commitment among most everyone involved. Sometimes this took the form of brainstorming possibly revolutionary ideas about advocacy, education and treatment. At other times it was let out in spurts of disbelief and anger at the way people had seen HIV overlooked, ignored and mistreated in our community. Most of the participants were students, with faculty, healthcare professionals and JACQUES employees scattered among them. And even with this diverse grouping of people, it seemed like everyone had a personal or professional story about dealing with HIV, regardless of whether they worked specifically with HIV or not. HIV in no way defines us or anyone in our communities, positive or negative, but it does color our experiences. We close our eyes to HIV as a public health and social issue because, no matter where we open them, we will see HIV’s impact looking us back in the face.
Though Cato’s funding has diversified since its early days, it’s thanks to Koch that the think-tank exists at all: According to Gregg Easterbrook, in its early years, the “largest portion” of the Cato Institute’s bills were paid by Charles Koch.
Metropolitan Hilarion Kapral of New York and Eastern America, the First Hierarch of the ROCOR, in his general letter on canonisation, said, “Through his selfless life, podvig, and martyric death, Alexander Schmorell witnessed his love for God and His Image, reflected in his neighbour”. Vladyki Hilarion pointed up that New Martyr Alexander had the opportunity to avoid punishment and save his life, but he voluntarily embraced suffering, overcoming his own egotism, which “desires that we all depart from God, from Divine love”. Metropolitan Hilarion said he hoped that from now glorified in the saints, Alexander Schmorell would “be the intercessor of our spiritual correction, of the renewal of our lives and our internal powers”.
First things first: it’s “Bachelorette” time!
Currently, Maggie Q is the only Asian actor to be the prominent star in a major network TV show, the CW’s Nikita.
Have a great weekend, my duckies!
Nokia Stereo Headset (WH-500)
On the other hand, Szereto worked to keep the individual characterizations close to the original, while neglecting to keep the dynamics between her more sexual versions consistent. Unfortunately, this lack of proportion keeps this work from really coming into its own. For example, while certain characters like Lydia have canon traits that make her a much easier target for additional raunchiness, capitalizing on that while keeping Lizzie’s original modesty strong enough that it often affects her enjoyment of her pleasures creates an extreme distance between the two sisters’ behavior that goes much further than the book. The result is that while the individual story lines keep a ring of validity, whenever they intersect things cease to make sense. Since a main plot point in any Pride & Prejudice adaptation hinges on Lydia performing an indiscretion that disgraces her entire family, it is necessary to keep her prior behavior within society’s expectations, if just barely. To keep society’s expectations, Lizzie’s expectations, so much more conservative than Lydia’s behavior for the majority of the book makes her “disgracing” action with Mr. Wickham insufficient for the effect it needs to have on the plot.
At the same time, such atheists and freethinkers give lip service to the First Amendment, but their actions show that they’ll only be happy when the First Amendment extends no further than our front door. (Remember, in pushing to change the Colorado Constitution, they were careful to say “in” your private house or private church.)
We both especially liked the piece when Joel Einhorn, a retired small-business owner from Fresh Meadows, Queens who had won the opportunity Saturday after his name was picked last month to place the 100k Derby Dream Bet in a contest sponsored by CNBC made mention of the old classic movie, ‘Let it Ride’. He was asked by Mike Battaglia how he would make the pick when the time came. ”Who’s your pick?” Battaglia asks. Joel responds quickly, “Who do YOU like, who do YOU like?” Mike hesitated and spouted, “Union Rags.” Joel turned to his wife and said, “Take him off the list!” Joel then acts as if he’s scratching through the name on the program and then turns and says to Mike, “You know, like the classic movie, “Let it Ride.” We knuckle bumped and laughed as The Mayor and I are true fans of the movie and know almost every line. Well we all know Joel didn’t hit as he picked, Alpha to win.
1418 D-III/23/2002. “On the Unnatural Patience of Chaucer’s Griselda.” MENSA of Illinois Meeting, Chicago, Illinois.
and this little delicious space is a proof of that
Arthur Danto loves Andy Warhol, and his love for Warhol drips from the pages of a multitude of essays and books (and there are many) that he has written over the course of his long and brilliant career. Danto is a straightforward and clear writer who often can convey extremely complex information in a way that makes you feel as though he has pulled you aside in a bar, just to tell you a fascinating story about a guy he once knew. This is rare in a critic, even rarer in a philosopher. It’s disappointing that Danto is primarily known for his “End of Art” theorizing because I’ve found his reviews, his book on Robert Mapplethorpe, and his collected works in general to be ripe with insight as well.
God is so good! He reminded me that this is like life. Some times life is like a day at the lake yesterday when conditions are optimal and all is well. But I know as well as anybody, life can turn ugly and stormy winds and steep hills will call me to want to surrender and give up. Running is so much like life! Who knew?
Name: Gastao
Hello & Happy Saturday!!
I started working on things that needed my attention at home... good
I adored this book. Really. I fell in love with Hugh Despenser the even Younger (well, that’s what I call him anyway) almost instantly. Bess was a grower, but I ended up loving her too. This is a gorgeous story. You don’t need to be a 14th century England nerd (like me!) to enjoy it. It’s a really warming love story.
No, your eyes are not deceiving you. Amidst all the busy-ness and incredible bouts of eating, I desperately needed to bake some cookies. (Nothing like an impending deadline to increase kitchen productivity levels).
outside the norm
Earlier this week, Sirius quietly updated its Android app to include interactivity functions like rewind, pause, and skipping, not to mention program scheduling and automatic, pre-programmed channel-surfing. This is now available to Android-using Sirius subscribers, and closely follows the announcement of a plan to launch a Pandora-like competitor.
If your child needs nail work done, get some nail clippers from Walgreens and go to town. But if you strongly believe that your child would benefit from having its "feet soak in a bacteria-free crystal pedicure bowl filled with fragrant rose petals and orange slices" and then having someone "exfoliate feet and invigorate lower legs with a soothing massage before daubing epidermal canvases with a moisturizing mask and a coat of warm, skin-softening paraffin wax," you are part of the problem and not part of the solution. You probably don't vaccinate either and you're the reason we're all going to die of whooping cough and rubella. Thanks a lot.
Put lots of ice into a tall glass (a Collins glass, if we're getting technical), pour in the lime juice, pour over the gin, throw in the squeezed out lime half and top up with soda water.
Afterwards we hosed ourselves off and got changed. We hung around for a while listening to the music and taking in the moment… mostly just not wanting to move. I planned on staying for the after party but we were all so unbelievably dog tired that we decided to head into town for an extremely well deserved dinner and then head home. We went to the nicest place we could find, which was some sit down steak house filled with middle aged people wearing khakis and dresses. We had mud stained shirts on, probably smelled horribly, I had a mohawk and all of us had skin dyed some sort of color from the Chernobyl Jacuzzi. We met some very nice locals while waiting for our seats and talked to them about Tough Mudder and they were all incredibly impressed and enthused. Some woman even gave us 40 dollars to split between the 4 of us, we told her she didn’t have to but she said she wanted to. All of us had massive steaks. 3 of us had 20 oz. ribeyes. We ate like kings.
Jetstar is a budget airline based in Australia and Singapore, and is part-owned by Australia’s national carrier, Qantas.
What if my hair is listening?
This book is very dramatic and adventurous. David Benioff does a better job in transitioning in this book than in any other book I have ever read(I’m almost 14 but I have read plenty of books!). This is obviously an adult book, but I think I like adult books better than “young adult” books after reading this. The book is very savage, brutal, and funny! David Benioff, like I stated earlier, is very good at instantly changing the mood of the story.
"Idiot dog," Tracey would say nightly as the ritual was repeated.
I'm catching up with my math skills, since they are rather lacking right now (I personally think they're fine, and that I'd totally be able to survive out in the world with them, but potential universities might not agree, and I do realize that if I want to go to college, I have to play this stupid game).
Join Veronica and make a family heirloom album. Class will be using the October Afternoon "farmhouse" collection to make an "antique" dresser filled with your family photos. This album is sure to be a treasure for generations to come. Supplies: please bring basic kit and the following: paper piecer, liquid glue, glue dots, pop dots or mounting tape, cats eye or versa mark brown ink. TH Picked Fence
Think of your home, your family, yourself - all worlds in their own right - connected, interconnected, functioning interdependently.
The farm was eventually over-grazed and has turned in parts to bushveld. It was reported that the tribal leader who headed the community ran off with the operating capital.
- how can it be prevented in future?
- Easy-to-follow instructions
Highly recommended for anyone interested in history of any sort, especially of technology and urban development.
Here is the thing; Who cares? It is about Christ not them. They argue among themselves that Christ is white.. or Christ is black.. or Christ is British or he is Hispanic or he is an African.
but because everything is in His hands.
I used a 45cm square canvas that i got at the cheap shop and a Metric fat quarter of the tree fabric for the background. I also used some leftover batting which was about a FQ size, a second co-ordinating novelty fabric, some brown fabric for the trunk and about a 6" strip of blackboard fabric. If you can buy a fat Quarter, that would be plenty! I also used a small amount of fusible webbing (Vliesofix)
Is measured and slow, while down below
Well said, my love.
Okay, so Sara is always YA's go-to girl for novels which depict a religious experience without preaching or casting judgment. We LOVE us some Zarr. But, there are more people out there writing, and they're not writing from some time-warp in 1967. Consider Sheba Karim (Skunk Girl), Micol/David Ostow (So Punk Rock), or Melissa Walker (Small Town Sinner), or Preacher's Boy and others, by Katherine Paterson, or even Come Sunday, by Nikki Grimes -- those count. Or, for the delicious twist of fantasy, A.M. Jenkins (Repossessed), Rae Carson (Girl of Fire and Thorns) or go medieval with The Healers' Apprentice, by Melanie Dickerson. Science fiction choices are many, but include most recently Glow, by Amy Kathleen Ryan.
The Father uncreate, the Son uncreate, and the Holy Ghost uncreate.
The book tells the story of Kemal, who hoards ordinary items to recapture the happiness he felt during a passionate but ill-fated love affair.
Chocolate brownies w dulce de leche (by DarioMilano Food Styling & Photography) - a monochromatic setting which creates a lot of tension by placing the food far off center. The lines of the brownies are counter acted by the wooden lines. And the the dark shadows are separatring the food from the background.
But I just may start a sticker chart for MYSELF as a mom.... you know, because one little gold star on a piece of cardboard could go a long way to encourage this mom in this little thing called life. ;)
He is not good.
"Daddy! Daddy! Daddy"
Holy crap.
There are two sticks of butter, one cup of sour cream, and 1 cup each of sugar and brown sugar. How can that NOT taste good? Just have a small slice and it's all good.
Below is a chart which depicts where exactly Visa and MasterCard are standing among their competitors:
Here is the final example of how I applied coloring shadows onto a birthday present. Today is my 30th birthday, and already I have been given some very nice gifts, so this tutorial is my Thank You!!
Phreak: Really? All he said was “GG Noobs” though.
Jorge R. Miranda-Massari, Pharm.D. (Puerto Rico)
We invited cousins to the pool for swimming and cupcakes!
My goal was to take the course in 3 phases: the first 10, the next 10 and the final 10k. I wanted to hit Mile 10 in an hour and a half and mile 20 in just under 3 so that I would bank enough time to be able run the last 10k in under 4 hours even if I started to slow down.
A bedraggled Alexandre, followed by an equally bedraggled Gareth, entered, laden down with several bundles, wrapped tightly against the rain.
The tornado reportedly made a direct hit on the city’s main St John’s hospital. Joplin is located near the Ozark Mountain region.
at dawn
I am the Father of Creation and love, with a deep passion for each child of mine, no matter how they offend Me.
This is easily the best yet.
- Serial number inside; cotton dust cover; certificate card & carebook let
but the best part of the day, when I got home and a little someone wrote me a very special letter telling me how much she loved today, she hoped all of my dreams came true and that I'm the best mum in the world. Awwwwwwww. Talk about buttering me up!
one lil bit, he stuck his nose in the air and was
(I kid, I kid. If you were any cooler, you’d all be ice cold.*)
Became the fate of many a Death Eater!
#1 List your top 5 movies of all time.
Mix all ingredients in a medium bowl. Let sit for 20 minutes before serving.
- Brigitta van Vliet Memorial Scholarship
I want to offer a warm hello to those of you stopping by from Kelly's Korner. This is obviously a topic near and dear to many of you so I'll give you a bit of background on our story while you are here.
In Flint, Swansea and Cardiff, from 10.30am, simultaneous events will feature readings at the Cenotaph of 100 names of those who fell in World War 2 against fascism, a laying of wreaths and two minute's silence.
Here’s Bob in his own words…
I finally got around to watching the 2nd episode of HawthoRNe. The fact that it sat on my Tivo for two weeks, and that I forgot to record the 3rd ep, tells us both that I wasn't looking forward to it all that much. Still, I said I'd stick with it for at least two more episodes.
11. Somewhere my Love (film Dr. Zhivago) 1966
The bathroom went silent. That scared me more than the screaming had. I ran toward the den where I keep a flashlight. Grabbing the portable lamp, I ran for the back door without bothering to stop for slippers or a robe.
Track 6 - Introducing Johnny Wadd ( Jade Pussycat )
Vegetarian Stuff…
58 how
heady foam and the ominous sounds of aluminum cans
1. Charles Ray, Regen Projects: The best sculpture I’ve seen in years, and I stand by my claim absolutely that Ray is the best pure sculptor in the city. Ten years to complete, his Hinoki tree, made from Japanese Cypress, took over Regen II with its chalky orange bark, twisting broken branches, and light, buoyant existence. You get close and pour over the carving, its thousands of hatch marks pervading the surface. Ultimately, the work is an exercise in the slowing of time, and I will follow the aging of the wood over the course of my lifetime.
Let’s begin with a topic that has been on my mind a lot lately– minimum wage. The United States hasn’t always had a minimum wage. The Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 establish minimum wage, among or things. The intent of politicians was to lessen unfair wages and to lift people out of poverty and propel them into the middle class. Since it’s inception, the minimum wage has been risen a number of times and lowered only once. This begs the question… should the middle class be earning minimum wage?
May 7th:
sand-
Well its day 9- a bit cranky last night ,think I over did it a bit yesterday and was a bit frustrated by lack of energy-not to mention ,my family all eating lasagne around me!! I am or was a bit of a pasta queen.
And as I type this I know that I must provide that satisfaction for myself -- right now. That I can't put so much expectation on the future, which doesn't exist. So I write, in the now.
I said: You might want to take one of the eggs out and put it on the counter before you smash the rest. It's good to have a nest egg.
But this period was also musically productive, and yielded Björk's second solo album. In 1990, consolidating what had been an established, if occasional, relationship with the veteran be-bop ensemble the Tr`io Guemundar Ingolfssonar, Björk recorded an album of jazz standards, "Gling Glo". The band's leader was the late pianist Guemundar Ingolfsson (he died shortly after the album was completed) - Iceland's only professional jazz musician - and accompanied simply by a bassist and a drummer, his trio provided Björk with a platform for an accomplished set of jazz and popular standards. Björk's jazz delivery was very much in the classic Ella Fitzgerald and Sarah Vaughan mould - although she tackled the songs in an orginal (and Björk's unique!) way. Don't be put off if you're not into jazz. If you like Björk, you'll love this.
As a gypsy, I'm fascinated with all things travel so I have to ask you where your favorite spot is on Earth? I have not been EVERYWHERE, but so far—the Italian country side, Tuscany region to be exact. I would happily take a year off and just go live there, Under-the-Tuscan-Sun style.
And I mean, REALLY!
I'll miss them after the first night though... as you do
I’d like to complain to myself that these facts are not random, they are all about ME. Which is the same subject.
Ironically, even with that energy, he chose to sleep and scoffed at the idea of the gym while I snuck out for a 4-mile run one morning during his stay. Weird how that goes.
What is it called when a blonde woman blows in another blonde woman’s ear? A transfer of data…
Hubby: Then you have to get up earlier.
Nun, Urlaub muß ja nicht immer mit einer weiten Reise verbunden sein. Darum habe ich den runden Text "mal die Seele baumeln lassen" am PC erstellt, dazu noch die Worte "schöne Ferien" und ihn dann zusammen mit der süßen Fee von Belles´n´Whistles "Fairy Fond Thoughts" kombiniert. Für mich sieht sie aus als ob sie einen freien Tag im Wald genießen und einfach in den Tag träumen würde. Auch eine Art Urlaub, wie ich finde.
Both castle and crossbow - and embroidered gown sleeves - successfully invoke the book's era of 15th century Brittany, and create a powerful image for this historical romance.
Half of India's homes have cellphones, but not toilets.
My partner, (and mother of our children), has, after twenty years, called time on our relationship for the second, (and final), time in 12 months. Why am I laying this out here on themusicologist? ’cause it’s distracting, painful and needs exorcising and where better to get some therapy than here through the form that for me has always delivered catharsis.
1 3/4 c. whole wheat pastry flour (you could also use all purpose flour)
2 stout
This picture shows a car attempting to enter the BQE. It did not stop at the stop sign. Instead it crept ahead slowly into the highway, trying to find an entry. This is the very location where so many accidents occur.
And here's where you fall in the soup: He can't seem to remember--the he is Abe, and we're in his head. Then the next sentence: Convinced that he's suffering, we move to the head of his friends. This is jarring. It's a HUGE RED FLAG for writing that won't be quite good enough for publication.
Peter Decker & Rina Lazarus novels by Faye Kellerman – Decker is a detective in the LAPD and Rina Lazarus is an orthodox Jewish widow with two sons whom Decker meets in the first book. The books have two features: a crime that requires all he and his partner have to give and his ongoing relationship with Rina. Begin with The Ritual Bath.
Then they accused of ‘stealing the bakkie’. I told them it was my employer’s bakkie. I gave them his grandmother’s telephone number. He was deliberately humiliated, being ordered to SIT DOWN ON THE FLOOR next to the row of empty chairs in the charge office. He repeatedly asked if he could make a phone call.It was repeatedly refused. Then he saw between eight and ten cops assaulting a man in the charge office. “They even threw him against the wall’. One officer waved a switchblade-knife in front of his face and threated to cut him if he did not ‘confess that he had stolen the bakkie’. “I told them to call the owner. I was terrified, did not know what was going to happen. He said the other police officers ignored the illegal actions of their comrade. One of the officers in the charge office said ‘his blood must be drawn’ but this never happened.
Which brings us to Luke 24:13ff.
And the haunted gap in your mind has filled with thoughts that flow
The council was in position. Paul now was present and Lysius hoped he could get to the bottom of this uproar. He would be a silent listener. In fact, there is no mention of the chief captain until Acts 23:10 when he, once again, had to rescue the apostle from being pulled in pieces as the report goes.
Writers : John Riley
Comment: The Senate is in session (Art I Sec 5 Clauses 1, 2 & 4) and therefore a recess appointment may not be constitutionally made.
Smiles and tears of each office girl go into the soul of
DE: Slugs give me the shivers. I prefer snails – which are attractive in their slow determined way– but they threaten our attempts at gardening. I use snailmail, of course!
Finally I would like to ask all readers this question, are these the type of people you want running YOUR party and YOUR country?
or, as Othello says:
College and high school students around the globe are playing a fictional sport. Adapted from J.K. Rowling’s magical sport in the Harry Potter series, Quidditch broke into the non-magical scene in 2005 in Middlebury, Vt. Since then, it has spread substantially. There are 608 teams in the United States alone, and the sport is gaining popularity around the world. Over 30 countries are represented in the International Quidditch Association (IQA).
This might sound a little silly, but it felt good to take that Saturday morning walk with him. I felt like a NYC native out with my boyfriend. It felt good to walk the streets with a man, someone that wanted to be close to me, to hold my hand, and was just tickled to be spending a few hours with me. It was a nice, unexpected addition to the trip.
David Wright and Lucas Duda led off the eleventh with singles off of Belisle to put runners on the corners. After Hairston hit into a fielder’s choice (Duda out at second), the game once again came down to Ike Davis. With the infield drawn in, the beleaguered Met bounced a ground ball into left field to drive in Wright and give New York a 6-5 lead. Ramon Ramirez stepped in for Francisco in the bottom of the inning and retired Colorado in order to finally end the game.
This definitely pushed me outside my comfort zone. Because usually with these group buying websites I buy 1 of 2 things. Restaurant coupons for restaurants in my neighbourhood OR coupons for stores (like that GAP Groupon) I already shop at.
In fact, the world is filled with songs sung only in the shower; private dances that only twilight sprites and woodland nymphs get to see; visions birthed in the blinding flash of a lightning bolt and only temporarily burned on the artist’s retina; collages of images gathered from the corners of that artist’s every memory and housed only in the vaulted Sistine Chapel of their own cranium; poems coded in internally cryptologic obscurity; bits of peas and rice being pushed around a plate on a summer evening, and then scooped up and consumed; clouds dancing majestically through the shapes of faces and bizarre animals; interesting patterns cast by dappled shadows through the leaves; ephemeral sculptures towering into sudden existence and washed away with the very next breath…. Sometimes the creative message of curiosity in the world can seem like it was meant for that person’s eyes only.
During this series of articles we will not be studying all eighty plus names of our Creator, but each name that we do study will connect us with an attribute of God; an attribute that will call us to worship Him, whether corporately or individually. More importantly, we will show how to appropriately call upon our Lord by name in our daily circumstances.
Pawlik said in another instance, a couple came in and said they wanted to pay off an account because they don’t have children of their own.
19. And this brings us back to love — love of Self! When love is fully present, fear cannot be. But if a fearful moment does arise, ask for help to rid it from your being. The ever-present loving arms of God and His emissaries will gently lift you into the self-empowerment of your birthright as the gods and goddesses you always have been and always shall be.
Is there a place for consultants in companies and organisations today, and if so, what is their role?
However, the image of the birdcage with its little door propped open has stayed with me. It reminds me of how the Church often views getting new members. We leave the door open and hope for the best.
BoHo has an average of 25 working taps, a clearly constructed beer list with knowledgeable assistance freely available from the affable bar-staff, and a great 'taster rack' option (a fabulous concept not unique to this part of the world, but ubiquitous within it) where smaller measures of a selection of beers can be enjoyed before committing to a larger glass of your favourite among them. (Or simply ordering another rack!) BoHo even add the nice touch of serving each measure separately to ensure every one is tasted at optimum temperature.
07/04 – St Paul, MN @ Station 4
Red and orange, for some reason. It’s something I’ve talked about with friends. It’s like a tinted hue of orange. I don’t know why it is or what it means, but for me those two colors...it’s almost like a sepia. A red-orange that kind of goes back and forth. I first remember seeing that when I was little, like if I was sick, everything would have this weird hue.
Your turn: Please share your experience with cold calling. I’d love to hear any other advice you may have for us concerning the topics discussed above.
Notes: Don't use the red onions, they will be incredibly sweet.
Saturn, in the Qabbalah is associated to Binah; known as the Universal mother or womb. It is from Binah that the rest of the energies of the cosmos emerge – Jupiter, mars, sun, mercury, venus, moon and finally earth. Binah is the birthing place for the energies of the cosmos to be given form to. Some will know her as the Virgin Mary, others Isis, and still others the great mother, etc. Already we see a HUGE difference between modern astrology calling Saturn Chronos – a male figure and return Saturn to her origins of creation, nurturing, healing, and birthing.
I hate this movie with a passion,it’s the kind of movie that gives independent movies a bad name,I am not a fan of Shakespear,but I decided not to let that put me off watching the film.
It seems our godless land is cursed
Jane Campion’s The Piano is one of my favorite movies of all time. I regretted not having reviewed this for the LAMBs in the Director’s Chair with her and Kathryn Bigelow a couple of months ago. The movie won Oscars for Best Actress, Supporting Actress and Original Screenplay. Watching the film again made me marvel at the subtle poetry displayed onscreen.
Now I'm here at the orphanage
Lemelson teaches a catheter with embedded optical fibers that are used for conveying illumination to and optical signals from target tissues. " ... light directed along and from the end of light pipe 22 is reflected through fluid, such as body liquid existing in cavity 16 and is modulated by the physical and chemical contents of such body fluid, causing variations in the content of such light, which variations may be detected by one or more techniques including computerized signal analysis of the electrical signals generated when the modulated light is converted to electrical signals. Furthermore, such received light may also be spectrographically analyzed to permit the light passing through the fluid sample to detect both physical and chemical variables present in the fluid being scanned thereby". Lemelson discloses that his device is capable of use with "medical materials" dispensers. Lemelson discusses using his catheter for cytometry.
"Captain!" Ashi said frantically.. He then jerk his way towards the group of old people in front of him.
in total Christmas madness!
Cries arose with a welcoming echo
This ended up being the most enjoyable outing yet this spring. Good people, good weather, and some of the most fun hiking I have yet done. We came out with some scrapes, some blood shed but also with some great memories. Thats what it is all about.
planted. While it doesn't last
I would just like to say at this point I am not glamourising any of this. In fact, the shame I feel is still with me.
Brewed: 12-17-2008
I know most of the things I've mentioned are things most crocheters already know and practice but if you don't hold this practice very highly I challenge you to challenge the way you weave in your ends. I promise you it will pay you back over and over in the long run.
The PC’s also meet Miriam Paddington, an ancient woman with a shock of still black hair and dark eyes. She wanders Graen’s home randomly sputtering what might be prophesy or just the ravings of an old woman. She tells the PC’s that darkness is coming, a storm on the horizon. She mentions also a menace from deep in the earth. Making little sense, the PC’s noted her words and moved on.
Or loving someone is giving them the license to make you miserable but trusting that they won’t….For surely a love that is reciprocated, there can be no greater gift on earth. No greater blessing.
5. Eat Light, Eat Full
Eventually, I suppose, I will be cured... about the time I switch from my Kindle to an iPad.... oh don't even SAY it!
"There's nothing shameful about crying," said Mr. Lawrence. "I cry myself on occasions."
First, the hugelkulture bed I put the orange tree in seems to be doing its job quite well. We watered it in the morning, and it was still moist around the tree heading into the evening. I think the wood I put in the hugel bed was old enough that it sucked the water right up, and its slowly feeding it back, just like its supposed to. This bodes well for the garden we want to plant.
About a hundred years ago when radios were called wirelesses, CDs were considered witchcraft and Jesus was still in short robes, I went to drama school and studied the noble craft of acting.
I've been giving three attempts to publish my comments on blogs sporting this, and if all three fail then I leave them commentless.
BLS methodology always is. Here’s some further confusion. The BLS Establishment survey shows an increase of the civilian non-institutional population of 3.584 million. What is this statistic? From the BLS.
3 tbsp peanuts
the blessings in our lives. In 2009, I began this blog to
Renner’s comment on Hawkeye’s tranq-tipped arrows meant to take down the Hulk bring to mind the first arc of The Ultimates comic book. Might we be seeing at least one major fight between the Hulk and the rest of the Avengers? Let’s hope so.
_____I'm helping my boy with his algebra homework... this sh*t is difficult... I fell asleep twice... I'm about to just say f**k it! (funny algebra quote)
Being part of a society like the RSPB can be a great way to encourage children to take an interest in nature and wildlife and inspire them to get outside and explore and learn as much as they can. There are 200 RSPB nature reserves throughout the country where you can get up close and personal, not only with birds, but with plant species, trees, frogs and butterflies.
Yes, “HALF SLAVE, HALF FREE: SOLOMON NORTHUP’S ODYSSEY” had a few flaws that include the occasional slow pacing and hammy acting from a few members of the cast (including the leading man). But the movie is a well made and fascinating look into the experiences of a free man who found himself trapped into the institution of 19th century slavery. Director Gordon Parks and star Avery Brooks proved to be the driving force in a first-rate movie that was at times entertaining, horrifying, educational and especially poignant. “SOLOMON NORTHUP’S ODYSSEY” might prove to be hard to find. I would recommend Netflix or Amazon. But in the end, the movie is worth the search. I assure you.
“Life’s tallest order is to keep the feelings up, to make two dollars’ worth of euphoria go the distance. And life can’t do that. So fiction does.” – Stanley Elkin
5. Proud Mary
Law and the Prophets.”
Express our LOVE, Gratitude & Appreciation equally to everybody.
Upon overhearing this conversation, I think I need to investigate this further. I’m glad she knows you don’t play with poo, however I’m not sure if someone has been telling her it’s okay to play with pee or if she’s just showing her toilet humour.
At ten minutes to twelve, Detective O’Bradigen strolled through the door. Thorn was just wiping
A couple of months ago, my friend Melissa at Oh Fiddlesticks contacted me to see if I would be interested to help style the set for a photo shoot with Dorean Pope Photography for the upcoming release of her new summer line. When Melissa mentioned the theme for the shoot, "French Picnic", I knew this would be such a fun project to work on.
Colossians 1:17
Now, I am back home, trying to relax and recover a bit. Eating and sleeping lots My body is tired and sore, but I feel so alive right now!
AAdvantage bonus-mile offer is valid on American Eagle marketed and operated nonstop flights for travel between Chicago O’Hare (ORD) and Waterloo, IA (ALO), and Chicago O’Hare (ORD) and Sioux City, IA. from 4/3/12 through 6/30/12. Offer applies only to AAdvantage members who purchase and fly on published-fare tickets. Bonus miles do not count toward elite-status qualification. Registration prior to travel is required. Double miles will be calculated at 100% of the base miles earned.
Considering that people do call things like the teleological argument an example of intelligent design theorizing, and that Meyer’s case differs significantly from Behe’s, I think it may be appropriate to speak about various kinds of intelligent design, or intelligent designs. This reflection, therefore, has led me to think that, just as these intelligent design theorists, when confrontationally asked whether they believe in evolution, often ask “what do you mean by evolution?” – so it is high time that intelligent design theorists, when confrontationally asked whether they believe in intelligent design, start asking “what do you mean by intelligent design?”
Anyone been to a good exhibition or equivalent in Londinium recently?
The big question that then comes to mind is how do we teach for ambiguity that promotes genuine personal inquiry. In the system in which we work, teachers are asked to become ever increasingly accountable for their practice. We have traditions that solidify our professional nature: the creation of long range plans, curriculum, unit planning, assessment and evaluation, instructional strategies…. and the list goes on. On one hand I believe that the education revolution that Sir Ken Robinson, Dan Pink, Richard Florida, Marc Prensky (to name a few) are touting is putting the student first, begging educators to help students retain, refine and develop creative capacity that will help students live in the ambiguous world, and then on the other are the basic constraints of the system. We are teaching students, but the methods in which we use are entirely counter-intuitive to the educational aim. In a world of flux, and varying and changing student interest, what role does creating a long range plan have? It assumes by its very nature that there is a fixed set of knowledge that students must acquire in their formative years (i.e. K-12) and that it must occur at precise moments in time. And everyone is going to do it at the same time. And everyone is going to want to do it at the same time. And of course, everyone is going to get something out of it.
__Beauty and spirituality of treasures of the Museum of Historical Treasures of Ukraine penetrates the hearts and souls of everybody, who visited it.
You will have a few great friends, so treat them well. You will eventually fall in love with the greatest guy ever, but you will ruin it and he will leave. When you meet him don’t make my mistake. Cherish him and love him and show him you do. Because if not you will spend everyday for the next three years after the break up stuck on him, when he hasn’t done the same. You. Deserve. Better.
And while I have so many photos filled to the brim with sunshiney goodness, my photo for today is from the WOMADELAIDE festival I attended on Friday. Not only does this image capture the perfectness of this place, i believe it captures the essence of the festival - so relaxing. Oh and the light just makes me melt. So does my subject.
I am thankful for the way she makes me a better person because I want her to see the world as a place of beauty and grace in spite of all the crummy things that go on around us. I am thankful for the way she holds my cheeks and gives me eskimo kisses.
“He goes to all the same places as us,” Jess said. She plucked some grass and fiddled with it.
Walking up to Eleven Front you see nice fresh paint in a converted row home. The restaurant has a nice facade, with a few small windows with some neon beer signs. This restaurant could however be easily missed if you weren't looking for it.
Perfect for future Christmas decorations! And the rest of the year, they will be hidden behind books and accessories.
LAUNCH OF NEW BOOK SERIES: CALL FOR BOOK PROPOSALS
Remove from heat. Stir in 1 cup cocoa.
We should be showing them that the best way to win against these devil spawn is the Grozny solution: bring their cities and villages crashing down and put 20% of them for a permanent dirt nap, heck make it 30% just to be sure.
Hi girls. Nice to see you here visiting my blog today. I am so glad you have found some time to drop in. I hope you are rewarded with something you like. I hope you are all well but if not I hope you are back fighting fit soon.
18For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:
He loves playing with Thomas the train and cars …. he also loves to look at pretty girls …hehee…
Following are excerpts from a TV debate featuring Dr. Kamal al-Hilbawi, director of the London Center for the Study of Terrorism, and political analyst Dr. Nabil Yassin, which aired on BBC Arabic TV on October 17, 2008:
There’s no use in study, got nothing left, can’t stay awake
I have had may customers asking how they can find out their correct ring size without visiting a jeweler. The Multisizer is one of the best ring gauges on the market, as they are fully adjustable, take it with you in your handbag, share it with a friend.
What do children of today want to read? Just good stories, I think, as they always have. I never knew what I wanted until it was in my hands and it was past my bedtime, and I couldn’t bear to put the light out till I’d read one more chapter. But I think that’s just as true of adults and their books.
Instead of regular posts I'm just going to share other bloggers that I enjoy reading, so be sure to check back every couple of days for some awesome bloggers to go visit!
It’s always an exciting time of the year. In winter, the white covering makes beauty. In spring, life is sprouting all around you. In summer, nature’s tree greens and flower rainbows color the world. In fall, falling leaves of bronzes, yellows and reds cover the walkways.
So trust in the Lord when you're hardest hit. It's when things go wrong that you must not quit!
An example of a MA jeep with the square registration “USA”:
after the shower i think i felt the relief of stress fall off of veronica's shoulders. we enjoyed an adults only dinner at a steak place and then veronica and her hubby took me to the ocean. it was CRAZY to see the ocean at night. i know it was pitch black. but still beautiful.
I loved this book, and it’s my initial impression was that it was my favorite since All Together Dead. Admittedly, the first part dragged. I was severely annoyed by typographical errors before I’d even made it to 10% because I paid $14.99 for the Kindle version, which publishers say is justified because of all the cost of professional development (like editing) that goes into a book. But I continued on.
Millions now reject Christianity. Millions are leaving churches every year because they find them boring, uninspiring, and tradition bound. Yet perhaps those who reject faith in Christ are unaware that they are rejecting an abnormal form of Christianity and that they are not rejecting the real deal.
There were many Muslim families and couples taking in the screening and gallery. I am assuming this gallery will do well, as they tell their friends and families to check out the Islamic Art Tribute. Still feel that the lack of a critique, of who influenced whom, was missing. Whose art was it really' Who gets the credit. ( guess that's why they call it a 'collaboration')
My mind has been on buying presents, holiday treats, and lights.
in Texas - Thursday @ 5pm
5.) avoid people with delusions of grandeur, in real life and on the internet, where they are apparently legion.
Share or Tweet this post: Tomorrow’s free webinar on marketing literacy and language schools: The power of connections http://wp.me/pNAh3-1nX
Here are two other funnies that happened last Friday.
They can only destroy and impoverish like the "parasites" behind COP17.
Though individuals take a look at the actual websites connected with various network vendors, these people really should appropriately look into which often offers would accommodate them essentially the most. These-days network suppliers guide people to buy higher price tag cell phones via variable finance offers. Cell phones in the residence associated with Blackberry mobile phones, Apple, Nokia, Motorola, Samsung, LG along with several more are in fantastic presents while using global network providers like Orange and also Vodafone and so on. Currently just about all you need to carry out is usually to opt for one you consider could be proper to suit your needs.
As a follow up to a previous posting regarding some of the cutting edge projects going on at Google these days, I am very excited to share with you this latest news piece covering the progress on the Google self-driving car project. Las Vegas, NV has become the first public test bed for the Google self-driving car.
Did you know there's a Pokemon named "Koffing"? And he makes you cough, that's his superpower? And, guess what, he evolves into "Weezing," which I guess gives you an asthma attack? Or how about "Farfetch'd"--and I quote, "this ducklike Pokemon uses sprigs of green onions as miniswords."
Kaye could tell I was close to pushing so she told Kristen and Madi to be at the door and ready. Right before I started pushing I said, “Make it stop.” I said it half joking knowing there was nothing anyone could do and I also knew I was about to push. At 4:26 I started pushing. Kaye jumped up and said, “Are you pushing.” I didn’t respond but she ran to the door to get the 2 midwives. On the 2nd push she checked me and said that I had a little bit of cervix in the way. She would move it out of the way on the next push. Our children were at the door waiting to come in . On the 3rd contraction Kaye moved the cervix and out came baby. Much quicker than was expected. The children and Shayna barely made it through the door in time.
The blessed life of right-relatedness with God became a cursed life as people discovered what happens when God honours their choice to live without God.
I honestly haven't the slightest clue. I really don't invest into the Oscar season until around December - some years not until January. Why? Because at this point it's just speculation and a seemingly nonstop flow of exclamation points. Hardly ringing endorsements and unlikely to gain any real momentum come the actual Oscar time. As for who I think has a potential to win? Not a clue in hell. I don't think it'll be any of the films currently released, and I'll tell you why - no sustained buzz factor. The crows calling out Best Picture haven't been able to stick for any film. I think there are a few sentimental favorites.
Shinjuku Gyoen is a large park with an eminent garden in Tokyo, Japan.
does not prohibit the Customs Authorities from determining infringement. It merely states that it is difficult to determine patent infringement unless there is already a judicial pronouncement on the point. It however does not prohibit the Customs authorities from determining cases of patent infringements. It merely states that ‘extreme caution’ needs to be exercised while determining patent rights. How then does a judge come to the following conclusions: “Mere reading of clause 4 makes it clear that as far as three violations, i.e., Patents, Design and Geographical Indications, are concerned, the defendants 2 and 3 are merely implementing agencies to enforce the orders, if passed by the Court in favour of the party pertaining to above mentioned three subjects and the custom department would be entitled to enforce the same.”
When she asked how many times she should shuffle the cards I answered 7.
06. Viaggio Con Anita (02:43)
Carto
In the next picture, you can see Jordan pond and the roof of the Jordan Pond House, one of the popular destinations during the summer for park visitors. When the wealthy first began to use this area as their “playground”, Jordan Pond was a popular destination for picnicking, and afternoon “tea”. Today, visitors can recreate that experience by enjoying “tea and popovers” while sitting out on the lawn and enjoying the view of the pond and surrounding mountains. The dress code, however, is bit more casual these days.
Time is time.
3. Heejun
Live: Shakey city!
Moral of the story? Don’t throw your money at women, because when she starts to believe that her entitlement to your income is her right, she’ll believe it’s her right all the way to the divorce court and your ass will wish you did better. And to my ladies … go make your own, don’t let nobody be able to tell you ‘you wasn’t wit me shooting in the gym’ …! lol!
Or put into Realspeak, don’t even think about being politically incorrect, or you’ll be doing the perp-walk before you can say Room 101. Hate Crime is simply a staging post on the way to Thought Crime: to date, nobody has produced any statistics on ‘bias-motivated crimes’ (more bollocks) and there’s a good reason for this. Hate Crime is an infinitessimal (but high profile and career-rewarding) sector of the total crime picture.
Embellishment: Ladybug by Jolee's by You
The email endorsement of Mitt Romney by former rival Rick Santorum was found in the end of an email written to supporter – so well-crafted as to be, by some who might be continuing to warm to Mitt Romney, completely missed – that would be this blogger. It goes without saying, therein lays the danger of taking opinion pieces as “news” – even if the piece contains evidence contrary to a headline. In fact, that has been by and because of editorial boards who either eschew blogs, or embrace the first blog they come across and print without follow-up.
In terms of characters, I really disliked Paige finding her to be extremely self centered with very few morals. Paige is a character you are expected to hate and Kimberla Lawson Roby wrote her this way for a reason. I also did not particularly like Pierce either, as he commits actions later on in the novel that are out of line. The only character I did like on the whole was Camille, who is Paige's sister. I found her to be genuine, generous and caring, always looking out for her sister and everyone around her. I was really routing for Camille throughout the book and was hoping that she would come out of the sitaution relatively unscathed.
“That’s it. Didn’t work, did it?”
Also, I'm just getting to a time in life when I don't want any responsibilities outside the enormous burden of school and family. I've ranted about this before. There comes a time in the life of every sane person when they just say NO to volunteering.
It doesn’t make sense for a cheap housing company’s stock price to go shooting up like that – unless there was something in the works.
Son Ye Jin is one of my favorite Korean actress having watched and loved her movie “A Moment to Remember”. That movie made me cry a river of tears! I never thought that that movie is capable of breaking my emotion. As Park Gae In, I couldn’t think of any other actress who would be able to pull off this character. Being a veteran and A-list actress that she is, for me, she has proven her versatility that she can actually act naïve and dorky, be funny and at the same time act vulnerable. She made me feel Gae In’s pain and happiness. She made me understand that a woman is capable of changing to become better despite the hurt. That being your TRUE, IMPERFECT, unselfish, dorky self, can make a man like Jin Ho fall for you big time.
Two design deadlines are coming up. Both are for June 15th and both are similar although for different venues. I had been thinking of an Art Noveau based skirt for the Knitter's one and then the Knit Picks special call came out which threw me into a design tizzy. Most of the last 2 weeks has been spent with graph paper, knitting stitch books and my Knit Visualizer software. This means I have been more right brained than usual so my normal meandering is now really serpentine and disjointed (writing becomes harder too). I think almost constantly of how one piece or another can go together and rework the numbers and designs until they start to make sense and the swatch looks good.
Meow! Just wanted to say Happy Halloween! It's kind of spooky here without you! Love, Ciao
This song featured last night in a dream. I remember thinking, "oh, I recognize this - it's unusual for this store to be playing it". At least, I think it was a dream - it may well have happened yesterday. Life has been a little blurry lately...
The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life Erving Goffman (p)
Curiously, the thing that made Amitabh Bachchan a star also became the worst victim of his stardom—the script. Producers and directors began to feel that you only need Amitabh Bachchan and half a dozen items to make a successful film. The script was an evil necessity at best and a dispensable item at worst. Unfortunately, the same attitude continued through 80’s and 90’s resulting in 95% flops. The trend has only recently begun to change. But even in those days, the items, specially the comedy items, were rip-offs of Dilip Kumar scenes. Amitabh Bachchan revived them with his own enormous comic talent because his features, like Shah Rukh Khan’s, seem to be cast from the same mould as Dilip Kumar.
She died a few days ago. It happens, even to the best of us, and although decades and continents have come between us, there's the feeling of sadness and recognition that goes beyond the simple fact. The photo remains, as a relic and a reminder of a past reality, and although she is no more she lives on in the minds and memories of those who loved and knew her.
This article is graphic by Susan Vocaliser, who shares her bangle passionateness at braceletsworldonline
And sometimes things happen to you
The first of the three, the United by Blue cleanup at Bartram’s Garden was an incredible example of cooperation in a corporation, a community and students. Even people from other companies, such as Levi’s, partook in cleaning up the waterways. There were college-aged people, younger children, and just regular adults from the surrounding community who decided to join in, have some burgers and hot dogs, and find the strangest trash they could to win prizes. Tires, planks of wood, needles and boots were among the refuse found in the waterways, though in a way it was almost a celebration; not only was the trash out of the water, with people winning prizes for it, but for each pound of trash found, United by Blue sells a product, supporting their business model by supporting the environment to reduce impact, treating the environment and business as equals.
THE REPLY
we went to the grocery store today. bella had decided, upon entering the store that she wasnot having it.
Why did I stay? How did I deal with it? What finally changed?
We knew the time was coming. We knew Wass would walk through the door soon and tell us it was time to go.
Jewel - Kaisercraft Basics Rhinestones - Red
Tactics against warthogs: Exploit the warthog’s top heavy nature by pinning it somehow and lobbing grenades. A well placed grenade under the chassis will flip it over- another can explode the hog and kill the previous occupants in a nice explosion. Plasma grenades are superb if you can get close enough. Overcharged plasma pistols aren’t as useful- the gunner still has total maneuverability. Explosive armaments should be attempted as close-ish (or in the open) range to reduce the chance of it missing due to the warthog’s speed.If you want to be clever, an armor lock fully charged not only disables the driving but pushes a hog back, often tipping it over. If you have a rock to hide behind, having the warthog gunner burn out their gun is a fun tactic as you can pop out and fire at leisure. If you are close to the enemy warthog, feel free to jump into the passenger seat, turn to the right and melee the driver to death.
The fiery characters left the book intriguing and fun to read. Victoria is strict and believes manners are very important to society. Saber has a fire in him as well and readers will love to read how that fire is sparked between these two heated characters.
A modern tale of star-crossed lovers with a fresh urban twist.
Of course, that doesn't prevent me from necessarily throwing every thing out. Eagle-eyed Kelly (that would be me) had realised that the afore-mentioned boozy jar of cherries had been bottled in 2005 and clearly Henry had forgotten they were there. Further reorganisation of his shelves brought to the light another jar of boozy cherries, these ones steeped in brandy. Use-by date was 2003. This was one of those times when a session in Henry's kitchen made me feel like an archaeologist exploring stratification through dateable excavation. But I brightened at the knowledge that at least I had a good home for these preserved fruits as well as plans for the rather pretty jars that they came in.
Our shrinking birth rate, which our governments have arguably conspired to create, is the excuse they then give for importing millions upon millions, upon million, upon millions of immigrants into our homelands in order to replace what we have not produced, that is to say, in order to replace us.
God has graciously given me the opportunity to walk paths I never would have chosen for myself. As a result, I’ve received more grace than I knew was available. And I’ve given more grace than I knew I could give.
so we were so excited when we found these Tretorns marked down 1/2 price with another 20% off!!
What happened? What happened to all the plans we had? All the nights we spent laying under the stars sharing our dreams. The kind of house we’d live in, how many kids we’d have. What their names would be. What happened to us?
A senior officer at West Mercia police has called for an end to the 'damaging taboo' connecting on-street grooming with race.
Sleeping sickness? Malaria?
However near or far
Anyway, I'm not trying to throw a pity party here...but I just felt misunderstood a bit--as though you guys thought I was going out spending boo-koo's of money doing all this stuff with the kids and it's just NOT like that.
Seven Things That Make Me Awe-Summmmm.
After my coiffeuse parted, we had a man we had been expecting since, hmmmm who know when – see January Blues, ‘favours’.
“How can it get any better than this?” asked Bryan, slurping the broth.
If I am lucky enough to ever have a baby girl, I would love for her to have a beautiful room that she will grow into. I love nurseries with beautiful furniture pieces, art that is fit for an adult space, and luxurious details...babies deserve some glamor, too! Lately, I have been obsessed with the pink and orange color scheme and I designed this inspiration board around it. I love everything about this room and wish I could have it in my home right now! Maybe in a few years!
unlike the times of her great-great-greats
Writing it down encompasses creating personal as well as professional vision/mission statements, goal lists (daily, weekly, monthly, annual, etc.), business plans, and more. Whatever literature and lists, etc. that you can create to help organize your vision and goals, create it. They are the act of faith that will propel you forward emotionally and professionally.
Don't you just love winter? Beautiful white snow, sledding, snowmen, hot cocoa, SNOW! Growing up in Utah, snow was a Christmas staple. But this year, NOTHIN'! I'm talking jump-on-the-tramp-in-your-socks weather, people! Kind of a let down.
3 sticks butter, softened
I wouldn't cry for days and days without asking for peace;
Mary’s youthfulness comes in a different way. She is spirited and determined. Her enthusiasm for plays, both attending and writing them, comes through loud and clear in her blog posts. And I think that is the secret to youth – enthusiasm. Mary, don’t ever lose yours!
If everyone followed such a principle, the world would be a more peaceful place (and this blog largely empty). It is the reader’s empathy for Mr Palomar as he struggles with the universe – and his place in it – which provides the book’s emotional heart. His persistent desire to “live in harmony with the world” leads him to direct all his efforts “towards achieving harmony both with the human race, his neighbour, and with the most distant spiral of the system of the galaxies. To begin with, since his neighbour has too many problems, Palomar will try to improve his relations with the universe.” This is a lovely joke, but also indicates Mr Palomar’s difficulty with people, and his wish to rely on cold science (while forgetting that science reflects chaotic nature, of which people are a representative part). People and the stars are more alike than he would like to think; the universe is other people:
Also the fact that the box says it is made is LA and 'distributed' by Lime Crime this has led lots of people to think it is a private label formula (i assume because if it were made specifically for LC it should say 'made in LA for Lime Crime) but i don't know enough about this sort of thing to comment on that properly. I don't think it's a big deal personally, Lime Crime never claimed to handmake their lippies and there's no way of knowing how much control she had over the lippies.
So, we power on. She's only a baby once, and I try to remind myself of that. She won't always wake and beg to be close. I am quite certain that teenage Ellie would rather die than sleep in our bed. So for now, I'll hit the caffeine, and relish in her babyness.
SPRINGTAIL (above right)
2 pieces firm tofu, cut in half horizontally, then cut into ½-inch cubes
You know how you're not supposed to look animals directly in the eyes because it's considered an act of aggression? Well the same rule applies to dinner guests apparently.
Judge Finds Willfulness Before Seagate - 85.7%
The film’s pace is fast and fluid, moving seamlessly from one thrill to the next, and as such, its 2+ hour runtime flies by like nothing. What I like about this movie on the surface is that it feels like a descent into madness, slowly becoming more and more alarming and surreal as it goes on until the electrifying climax. This is a very tense movie that never lets up, and for that it’s addictive.
Happy lemon because I missed bubble tea, I liked that china is very much into bubbles!
The story unfolds from the blackmailer, arsonist and detectives points of view. Karen Rose does this brilliantly by setting the story over only a few days and timing everything which keeps the pace up and the tension throughout.
When we accept and justify current performance, this becomes the ‘mediocracy state of mind’.
Let them eat cake and let them stare,
We celebrated last night. Not just a 'hey, let's have a scoop of the Blue Bunny Peanut Butter Panic ice cream in our freezer' deal, but rather a 'let's go get some of the good stuff at our local favorite frozen custard place!' kind of evening!
Hello - things have been a bit up & down with my Grandad over the last week or so . That's why I haven’t been around much. My Mum & myself gave him a makeover last week, I cut his hair for him & my Mum gave him a shave. He looks all smart now! Bertie is doing really well - he is still a little shit – but I wouldn’t be without him.
Please stop for a few moments and remember. Discuss it with those you see today.
As for me, well, so-so…I am ALIVE and I am BLESSED so I really shouldn’t complain. But since my surgery back in feb 2010, my body has not been the same…I have been back and forth to the doctors and surgeons trying to find out WHY I am continue to have gastro issues…I have had colonoscopies, blood work, scopes, etc and they still don’t’ know what is going on. I wonder if they injured something while they did the surgery…anyway, I just wanted it FIX cause it is LIFE ALTERING what I am going thru…my fibro is kicking my butt too, but again, with all the stress of the surgery and now with matthew seizures, my little body is going nuts! J
The SCBWI has been such a blessing and through it I have learned so much. Not only does the SCBWI provide excellent professional development opportunities, but it’s a very encouraging group of people. Everyone is so supportive of one another and for me, it has been important to belong to a group like that.
This week I'd like to talk about Status Anxiety in the Western World. The picture of this blog post explains itself. I will get back to that in a second but how is it today that -
Ted's grief has been worse over the past few months than it was in the early months, when he had to be strong for me. I've read over and over again how common that is, and that it can take up to 3 years for a Mom to really come to terms with what has happened.
"Do you think I’m overreacting? One in every six American women will be sexually assaulted in her lifetime. I bet you don’t think you know any rapists... Consider: if every rapist commits an average of ten rapes (a horrifying number, isn’t it?) then the concentration of rapists in the population is still a little over one in sixty... How do I know that you, the nice guy who wants nothing more than companionship and True Love, are not this rapist?
I share the testimony below again, not as a formula but because there are so many reports of God’s people getting cancer and so on, facing life and death decisions. This is just one story, may God lead all of His children and may they be able to hear that small still voice above the great noise of the storm…………bro Frank
Due to the high praises of the authors on the cover, it’s safe to say that I had high hopes for this book. Most of what I thought throughout this book was simply: Wow. A good wow.
I’ve also been busy working on new music and have four CDs worth waiting to be recorded. With any luck enough books will sell to get the first project underway — a five song collection featuring a terrific singer named Buttafly Vazquez. I’ll keep everyone informed.
2. Weather or Not
He really had no choice. He needed the money and he needed it fast. There was no one who could provide him with a loan on such short notice without significant collaterals.
So,this month(october) it is going to be Diwali sweet recipes...The sweet can be a ladoo,halwa,milk sweet,burfi,kheer,etc..Can be made with milk,jaggery,fruit,vegetable,condensed milk,khoa,paneer,etc..It has to be homemade...
What is not to love about spring in Berlin?
Then stepped forth the Lord of all
There’s no better way to always carry a poem with you than knowing it by heart. Anyway, it’s great brain exercise.
Furthermore, Jules does the talking as the two retrieve the briefcase from their target. These instances of a black man in charge over a white man challenge the ideological assumption of race that Anglo Americans are superior to other races.
in a relativly large tank. it eats
We’ve had lots of trouble with this. Mostly boiling down to distinct differences in behaviour between an eclipse invocation of a test and via a test-app call.
Daily notes are necessary to a writer or a poet.
(First posted 28th June, 2011)
For all you newbies my lil blog- I made my eye charts in Microsoft Word Publisher- which is awesome cuz it's free, yo! I wrote up all the nitty gritty details here-when I showed how to mimic Z Gallerie's subway art.
+40% off any rubber stamps in our online store on the 15th of each month for your term
But I felt strongly that at least one of my father’s biological offspring needed to be there at the end. Although he had only been married to my mother for 18 years and he had been married to my step mom for 34 years, I couldn’t just drop all of this in the step families lap. I needed to be there.
I shall immediately start with pointing out that I’m not a believer in horoscopes or star signs, but if you stick with me you’ll see where I’m going. Don’t worry, it’s not a long piece.
“This isn't a lake, it's a reservoir. When they built these places, they flooded whole villages. When there's a drought you can see the tops of the church towers sticking out of the water.”
7. Pretend you have an entire weekend to yourself. How do you spend it?
“Could be. I don’t get it though. Marriage, I mean. It’s not like it’s forever any more, so what’s the big deal?”
Brent Strang, University of Alberta. A Red Dead Remedy for the Emasculating Anxieties of Digital Seclusion
My last days in a happy haze
And I'll cherish that within My heart
never wanted to be.
There’s an important distinction here, I think. Shaking off does not equal forgetting. It’s not ignoring, or procrastinating. It’s simply a setting down. An equalizing. It’s looking at your own life as it sits beside you, sipping coffee, rather than carrying it around like oversized luggage. (I don’t know about you, but when I pack for a trip, I stuff every single bag too full, every time.)
Contact FGA at 718-875-1855 for more information.
Detroit was the nation’s fourth largest city in the 1950s—The Motor City: rich, prosperous, and growing.
The sacrifice of the front-line states will be remembered by South Africans forever.
hang the Green Bay Pennant on my office door for the whole week.
There’s a saying in Hollywood that “If you have six great scenes, you have a movie.” And I’ve said before that these six great scenes are
The Castle sat up on the hill; our house was down below.
I am going to get on some of this life stuff. Hopefully, I'll post some pics from the trip later today.
But add a little fire to the booze rather than just warming it? Well, even self-satisfied San Diegans don’t turn our noses up at that. From the simply flamed orange peel over a cocktail to more elaborate preparations among the tiki crowd, the blazing romance of flames and alcohol is nothing new. In fact, one venerable bit of flaming foodways plays well in both temperate and more frosty climes — snapdragon.
Morning sun on the ground dying
And then he slung a longer strapped, square shaped bag with a flap over his shoulder.
Hmmm, well… It’s not much! Difficult when I read a series and it all takes place in one spot, plus the multiple ones that take place in NY and CA. I’ll have to update periodically when I get some more books under my belt!
And make some sense of what we did
I say she failed the gullibility test.
Amazingly, this has done nothing to clean up the oil spill. But it has crashed the stock of British Petroleum and dragged down the stock market by reviving the fear of arbitrary government action—the fear of Obama's boot on our necks.
Many of our state and federal government agencies know about these problems and are hiding them from the public or are not doing the testing to find out why our trees and plants are stressed. Again we just get the standard BS answers that don’t make sense and are handed out to the public as placebo in place of real investigations. Trees are dying nation wide, Alaska, Washington, Idaho, Oregon, Wyoming, Virginia, Nevada, Arizona, California, Montana. Its bad. I think it is time to find out why our trees are stressed and unable to resist pests and pathogens, I think the soil tests of the acid rains may lead us to the answer one way or another. What go’s up must come down. The trails in the sky keep on falling. I watch them sometimes. Lets examine what blows out of jet airplanes and then I leave you the sources for this write down.
GARDEN PASTA SALAD WITH CHICKEN
What was the best part for you making or editing the movie?
Hugo: Ok, more direct in regards to wine-making itself. How is it being out there stomping on the grapes during harvest season, is it fun?
Commentators from the draft expressed concern as to whether practice before the Office was defined too broadly by including participation in drafting applications and including activities ‘‘incident to the preparation and prosecution of patent applications before the Patent Office.’’
Serve with a crisp, green salad topped with Pace Picante sauce, and cornbread for a complete meal the whole family will love!
WOW!!! These are fabulous!!! The girls have outdone themselves. You must visit their Blogs and get all the details on their projects. While you're there say hello and leave them a little love.
It was said he had forgotten his way home on one occasion.
I have a ready supply of children to sell.
Last but by no means least, new three piece British pop/RnB sensation StooShe are to perform on The Main Stage on Sunday 15th July. Nominated for The BBC’s Sound of 2012 poll as well as T4’s rising Stars of 2012, their first single “Love Me” was released in March this year and debuted at number 5 in the UK singles chart.
This brokenness inside me might start healing
Then again He warns about false Christs and false prophets, and about “great signs and wonders” which, “if possible, will lead astray even the elect,” i.e. not only will terrible physical events happen, but there will also be deceptions which are so subtle that even the elect themselves might be fooled.
It didn’t take long for “Cradle 2 The Grave” to get jailed
As I did not have a receipt for her, I opted to keep her and she lived out a happy, well fed life, once she decided, after a week of hiding under the bed, hissing ,growling and spitting, to come out and be social. She was the strangest animal I have ever owned, as she had a propensity for walking upright on her hind legs and picking up her food with her paw to eat it. I have often speculated that she came from some dark, evil forest where a witch of the woods had captured someone’s soul and entombed it that cat.
So, I´m waiting to see, if it will get better with some medicine that helps to heal stomach ulcers and NO COFFEE for the next few weeks! That is almost as difficult as to not have sugar.
don't show me how we do it
The process is two fold. I visited the hospital 3 weeks ago for testing to make sure that I was a candidate. This was a 6 hour process and left some pain in my right leg and lower back.
I’m participating in the March for Babies event in Mayville, NY on April 28, 2012 and since I got started so late, I could really use your help reaching my fundraising goal. So if you feel so inclined, please check out this post on my photography website. It will give you the links to my March for Babies page and there’s an extra incentive for you as well. It could be fun for all of us! And… most importantly, it will save lives!!
C'mon, let's celebrity diversity by joining hands and admitting that most of us are dim, stinky, and not creative at all.
However, it wasn’t until she became a member of Team Tubthumpers during her sophomore year at Hockaday that Corley really appreciated the connection between FIRST and the speaker in that fifth-grade classroom: in 1998, Reightler was one of the judges at a FIRST regional competition in which Corley participated.
Hooray for Monday and the start of another challenge at Fantabulous Cricut! This week is all about using fancy trims on our projects -- fabric, lace, or any other type of trim. Yes, friends, it's the perfect reason to get frilly!
5. What's the best part about having me for an aunt?
I know.
Now it catches the gleam of the morning’s first beam,
Here's the basket empty without the goodies inside. I made my version of a Gerber Daisy from Melon Mambo and Basic Black Card Stock using the Flower, Daisies #2 die for the Big Shot. I added a Basic Black Button for the flower center. I layered it on a bow made from the Black/White Striped Grossgrain Ribbon I punched leaves from both the Blossom Builder Punch and the Bird Builder Punch. The basket is made from Naturals Ivory Card Stock and I shredded a bit of the same for the basket filler.
His mouth was a ribbon, his body Paradise.
Brooklyn has been keeping up with her gymnastics. She was "invited" to pre-team, so she actually practices 6 hours a week! She loves it on most days and we agreed to do pre-team with the promise that she'll take swim lessons this summer! She turns 7 on June 3 and we have a big day planned with a girls only train trip to Chicago to visit the American Girl Store! Can't wait!
I bought this candle at the Dollar General (one of the 3 fancy stores here in the boonies) because the container was really cute. It was on sale for a couple of dollars and I was surprised to find it actually smells really good - like some of those fancy schmancy candles. Anyway.....
I was overjoyed with the way it turned out. I kept looking around for little caramel droplets that I could lick up. I wanted to just stop right there, forget about the rest of the ganache, and eat up all the caramel sauce. But because I'm a mature person, I didn't.
I started to seed them last year, next took out the carrots after winter, cut the leaves of and put the carrots in some soil in a (it must be) dark box.
After a week that seemed like a page out of a doomsday novel. . . earthquakes, hurricanes. . . life in Washington has quietly settled back to normal. We were lucky, very lucky, considering the scope of the destruction wrought by Irene along the east coast. My heart goes out to all from North Carolina to my home state of Maine. My family is safe and well, but there are so many others who are not.
Sure, we cried. Some of us sobbed. At the end of the service we sang "It is Well With My Soul" If you're not familiar, take a look at the lyrics. I have never been part of a more convicted choir; it felt as though our voices would shake the entire foundation of that little church; we belted the words. Even as I knew that his passing wasn't well with my soul, I belted it anyhow; the words made me brave. They encouraged me to believe that someday, hopefully not too far in the future, it really WILL be well with my soul.
A sociologist has this to say, “A social contract bounds the rights of all citizens. Nothing absolute pertaining to race is actually sealed in a social contract. The deprived in the society need to be helped. Poverty eradication involves people from all ethnic groups – not just confined to a single race. The poor among all races have to be factored in. Racial unity prevails when a government is sincere in narrowing this gap.”
