I'd tried an earlier version of this dish last year, but it's clearly evolved since then. An assembly of purple congo potatoes, sweet potatoes, turnips and white radishes are carefully placed in a circle with tweezers. The rounded lengths are presumably meant to resemble a forest, but I find they look disturbingly more like bullets. A thin sheet of cedar is set alight with a blow torch to create a smoky fragrance. Justin blows out the flames, whereas I notice that Monty extinguishes his with a forceful wave of his hand.
And as for me, I am a Stay At Home Mom. Last year I taught preschool. I loved that job...but the child count is way down and they couldn't use me this year. :o(
Balhae was the last Korean state to hold any territory on Manchuria. There are still a sizable number of ethnic Koreans living in northeast China and Russia’s Maritime province today, but few will remember the existence of Balhae.
(30in x 22in)
If she'd had a glass of wine in her hand instead of a cigarette, it might only have made a column buried within a celebrity gossip news page - for now anyway.
Fox has his followers and friends who will do anything to help him succeed in everything he does. And when the time comes and his aging father must retire, they will support his decision to continue his father’s family farm. One day, he hopes to have children who will make him proud by doing the same.
"Mmumm."
*St. B's is a great church home. And I know they'll probably rope me into it again for saying this, but VBS did wonders for getting to know people OUTSIDE of the church choir and their families. It was awesome to make so many new connections.
in that pile of floss
It must have been in 1998. My husband was working for a US company; we were living in America, in upstate New York, and one of the bolt-holes for me and my two young daughters was the local Barnes and Noble (conveniently close to Toys R Us and a miniature horse ranch). Trawling the shelves one day - for myself, of course; the girls were in the littlies section - I pulled out a book called 'The Thief' by an author who was new to me: Megan Whalen Turner. It was a Newbery Honor book – I flicked it open and read a snippet – and so I met her narrator Gen (short for Eugenides), who is languishing in prison, loaded with chains, because:
They beefed up his power a bit and I don’t remember him using his power to keep his looks youthful but otherwise they pretty much nailed his billionaire playboy attitude. As far as I know he was never involved with the Nazi’s. He was, however, responsible for the mutant destroying Sentinels. His first battle with the X-Men was during the Dark Phoenix saga. At that point Sage was working for Shaw as a personal assistant while spying on him for Professor X.
3 Down The Dirt Road Blues
too many logs
Taking a look at my recent output it's hard to imagine I once was a prolific blogger. And truth of the matter is I've had plenty of things I wanted to share with you but sadly I'm not allowed to. Not yet anyway, so I've been going with the philosophy it's better to say nothing at all than to risk saying too much. But I miss you guys so I'm going to try and be a bit more present in the blog world not only here, but at the various blogs I miss reading as well.
Examples of services that will be on offer through G-Cloud include: email, word processing, system hosting, enterprise resource planning, electronic records management, customer relationship management and office productivity applications.
The invitations
Given a choice, I would rather be a vamp. I am not reluctant to be sexy and utilize assets to my best advantage. Lately, I have discovered my inner vamp through being a beginner mermaid (yes, I said mermaid).
Balancing? What does maintain balance mean? Yesterday a physical therapist described and demonstrated balance. His demonstration included using a wood stick. The stick was placed in the palm of his hand. He balanced the stick and described how the stick was balanced while in motion. He placed the stick on the table and asked what the sticks action is? I said balanced and he quickly said at rest. Movement and motion represent balance when your body is at rest it is motionless. Once you rise up and movement begins balance continues.
I also wanna get new color lenses...I'll try grey color next time.
I had a little trouble sewing the channels as the bias tape was shredding and almost the channels were too small but I went back and hand sewed where I needed to go. Then with the help of magical roomy Amy, I was laced in and UH WOW. HI.
This weekend, the NTUC Fairprice is holding a Chinese New Year sale.
Scald me with your joy.
Your International Buddy will contact you by email before you arrive so you can ask questions you have about your move.
However, developments in several fields are now showing that consciousness cannot be so easily sidelined. Quantum physics suggests that, at the atomic level, the act of observation affects the reality that is observed. In medicine, a person’s state of mind can have significant effects on the body’s ability to heal itself. And as neurophysiologists deepen their understanding of brain function questions about the nature of consciousness naturally raise their head.
STAY tuned for next week when I outline a few more good finds…
And exciting thing number two - we're finally doing our engagement pictures tomorrow afternoon! After a couple months of getting pushed back (due to horrible weather and busy schedules), we're finally getting them done! So we'll be heading out to Central Park in downtown Louisville for a little picnic engagement session. And possibly a food fight, hehe. I'm excited and I can't wait to share them with you all!
When it comes to my hair, I just can't keep it the same for any period of time. The above pictures are from the last 5 years. I'm (pretty sure I am) a natural dark blond, but I've gone from very blond to dark to blond to red to black to where I am now. I've also cut it off, permed it, and now I'm in a constantly growing out phase. I'm actually pretty happy where I am now with my hair - long side bangs, light highlights with brown tones, and pretty long (for me). Just like I'm constantly changing my hair, I'm also always on the hunt for new products to try. Here are some of my newest products and gadgets:
It has not
But I wonder what even the most complete victory in the Middle East would do for us. Some will argue that victory would be much better than defeat, and certainly that’s true. But what will we gain if all we create is a democratic Hamas-loving Middle East? Democracy, by itself, will not be enough, because the real problem throughout the Middle East (even in Israel) is a spiritual problem which armies, particularly armies from officially secular nations, cannot hope to resolve. I don’t know if we can afford to walk away from this conflict, and I don’t know if we can afford not to. The only thing I’m certain about is that no one will see me on a peace march, because I am unwilling to do anything which might discourage the members of our armed services, who are risking their lives for something better than peace–they are risking their lives in the hope for a just peace.
I'm missing this year's Nuit Blanche, but I'm getting a different kind of sleepless night, & I wouldn't trade it for the world.
Here is my card. This is not a great photo. The background is black and the hippo is pink. There are a lot of pop dots and shading that you can't see. I took the picture at night and didn't have good lighting. I used Macy blue paper (it was her best color and made her ice blue eyes pop, so we call it Macy blue now), with pink & black (the colors of the Creative Escape convention this year) and Create a Critter for the little scene. Hope you enjoy my Losing card! lol
With all that being said, I have a confession to make.
Adj.
There is always this terrible danger that we will crawl off the altar when the heat is applied.
I’ll admit that if taking in just the field of Best Picture nominees, Gladiator takes it hands down. However, to this day, I can’t understand how Almost Famous didn’t get nominated. It won for Best Original Screenplay, and had 2 acting nominations in the same category. Almost Famous is one of my favorite movies of the past 10 years, as I discussed in more detail on my January 2010 post where I talked about my favorite movies from that decade.
“That’s what you get for going to White Castle.”
Developing Phase (what you look like now).
Millions in Forfeited Bail Uncollected in Texas’ Tarrant County
He said the suspect would appear in court "soon".
As usual, Laura came through for me. Not only did she get Madelina to her party so I only had 2 kids wrestling in the backseat, but she joined the search party afterwards. Marcel was CSI-ing it in the beans, I was trespassing on area farms, and Laura was driving her van around the local roads, stopping in and asking anyone who was outside if they'd seen some cows. We had all inadvertently fallen back on our personal strengths: Marcel was being diligent; I was multi-tasking behind the wheel; Laura was talking.
While they don't necessarily have to be sewing scissors, a good pair of sharp, strong shears could make all the difference in cutting a straight line, and a wierd, choppy line. If you're having trouble cutting you're fabric, buying a new pair of shears might help. Dollar store sewing scissors seem to be decent, but they also seem not to last for lengthy periods. The rotary cutters work even better at helping you get a straight line, but the sets are also kind of expensive.
Birth Stats:
The lack of African Americans in media has long been the subject of much controversy. Pamela Newkirk, a New York University journalism professor in the College of Arts and Sciences, pointed out that about ten years ago, Kweisi Mfume of the NAACP called a boycott to “protest the dearth of black actors on network shows.” In 1999, Mfume called on major network executives to hire more minorities for acting and behind the scenes work.
Let's start these new challenges off with a three way tie for the Gold Star Award
Deputies said that when they arrived, they found 32-year-old Easterling with an extremely bloody face, and Eastwood with blood around his mouth, but no injuries. Deputies called for emergency medical assistance when they realized Easterling's nose was missing.
Actually that is a really shit metaphor. I have absolutely no idea why I just included that. I am nothing like Ikea.
Moreover, both DDTC and BIS regulations define an export as including the disclosure (orally or visually) of technical information or software to a foreign person. Thus, a “deemed export” takes place when technology or software is released to foreign a person or national for visual inspection (such as reading technical specifications, plans, blueprints, etc.); when technology is exchanged orally with a foreign person or national; or when technology is made available by practice or application to a foreign person or nationals under the guidance of persons with knowledge of the technology. Depending on the nature of the technology and the country to which the technology is disclosed, releasing technology to a foreign person or national may require an export license (or in the case of ITAR possibly a Technical Assistance Agreement, depending on the individual circumstances).
Street Att for me was and Still is and should remain pure. It is important for a society to have pacific and artistic manifestations and expression of disapproval. It is safe and healthy for all of us. A society that has an extended omogeneic thought is and seemes only proceeding to intellettual and human death. Were everything and everyone has a prize nothing a value. Like a body without antibodies and without a soul.
America simply has no idea of the terrible trouble and persecution that is coming soon at the hands of the papacy. The people of America have forgotten the wanton cruelty and unrestrained butchery this unholy power demonstrated during the Dark Ages when it slaughtered over 150 million Christians because they wanted to worship God according to the Bible. Hitler's holocaust against the Jews was tiny compared to the papal holocaust against Christians during the Dark Ages, and the Jesuit-controlled news media never mention these atrocities.
I see this as a fantastic outcome of National’s “work for the the DPB” plan. If the state gets serious about creating the conditions for flexi-work and providing good access to childcare, then all working parents will benefit. All working parents will be able to access good, low-cost childcare.
I didn't get the cards photographed or get a chance to make anything new today. I did get some errands run and set up my new printer that had been languishing in the box for 3 weeks. And I made a stab at cleaning up from my Stamp Stack last week. I keep getting sidetracked. Do you do that.
I've been thinking of doing another Daily Makeup Routine post since the last one I did was a while ago and there are some new additions that I think are worth mentioning. Perhaps that will be a March Break mission!
It should be noted that Bunny rabbits have peculiar taste.
So what's behind the dispute? Basically, competing distribution models for ebooks. Under the familiar wholesale model that is the norm for print books, and till now has been the norm for ebook sales from major publishers, publishers sell to intermediaries--such as bookstores or distributors--at a fixed discount, and the intermediaries then re-sell to the consumer at whatever price they choose. What Macmillan proposed is known as the agency model: Publishers sell directly to consumers via "agents"--such as Amazon or Apple's iBooks store--which get a commission on those sales. In the wholesale model, consumer prices are controlled by the intermediary, whereas in the agency model, they are controlled by the publisher. You can see why Amazon, with its aggressively competitive discounting policies, would not be enthusiastic about the agency model (even though, as agent Nathan Bransford points out, $9.99 ebooks are a loss leader for Amazon).
We thought we'd try almost every recepie in the book, unless we get tired of it, and let you guys see how we do! So the first thing we decided to make was Chili Con Carne, I think overall it turned out really good, the chili has a lot of flavor, it even has a little chocolate in it, which is interesting!
The other projects include a golf towel (with a eyelet and hook to hang on your golf buggy), Fathers Day Card, and Picture Frame
Eagle-eyed readers will spot one Blow Pop in the front row of the Tootsie Pop basket. Three bags of pops should have given us 51, but we were bitten by the "about 17 servings" bug, and three bags actually only contained 49. So we found one lonely Blow Pop in the house and used it as a stand in.
Survival's key words are suspicion, endurance, vigilance and perservance. The message is you are safe and it's time to heal and learn. I have come a very very long way in the last year, but for me this was a message that I still have a way to go.
2. A journey from looking for a new place to rent to finding a place to buy! (Which is still in process as well!)
Stamps: Many Merry Messages, Stitched Stockings, Winter post.
There were loads of goats around, too. These had been going through the trash and were off to the falaj (running along the wadi looking like a wall) for some water and shade.
Cultural targets are not as spectacular as attacks on infrastructure targets but such attacks would be easier to carry out if only because the targets would in most cases be less protected and more easily accessible. Possible scenarios would be the destruction or infliction of severe damage on Stonehenge; Saint Paul’s Cathedral; York Minster; Canterbury Cathedral; The British Museum; The British Library, and the listed buildings associated with, say, William Shakespeare and Sir Isaac Newton. Universities would be very vulnerable and would result in mass deaths. Attacking cultural targets would serve to underline the “clash of civilizations”; that the physical and intellectual embodiment of the West was under attack as well.
I did it ... I've rejoined Weight Watchers, today is number 1 day. Looking to get into summer wear with ease (I hope). Right now I am quite motivated, stopped in a few stores this morning and such bright, cheerful clothing. I will treat myself for sure when the next 10-15 pounds is gone. In total I still need to drop 20-25.
One final thing to show you: here's a video of Sophie swinging. It may not be all that interesting to some of you, but I love her enjoyment of it! It was her first swing ride, well besides her baby swing when she was teeny tiny.
Stop all this bullshit pandering and contention and GROW UP.
Which segues perfectly into my next query about the opening salvo of Fire. ”This is your debut,” I state, “the first time Green Paper is putting a full length product out into the public forum. These days, the attention span of people from our generation is something that can only be measured in nano-seconds. Why did you choose to lead off with a track that reminds me of ‘Revolution 9,’ why is that what you want people to hear first?”
Indefinite articles:
I’ve dwelled on this long enough, and I refuse to let this bring me down…
June 15-18, 2005 in Tunis, Tunisia
And no barren wild oats grow on cultivated soil.
They ought to be used to it!
When I was a kids' worship leader, I used to lead the younger kids in a cool little song called No, Slow, Grow and Go (Troy & Genie Nilsson) in an effort to teach them about some of the ways God answers our prayers. Right now, I believe the Lord has me in a slow and grow season. These words keep repeating in my head: "Don't worry about numbers. Just write when you can write and speak when you can speak, and I'll do the rest." Over and over and over I've heard this echo, even in messages I've heard. So that's what I'm gonna do. After all, I pray to "walk by faith, not by sight."
This Old House - splendid! A warm summer breeze picks up notes of antique wood and light spices.
A great spa getaway, time touring the Parade of Homes...and new shoes.
And, also in my head are wonderings and ponderings of what adventures I’ll find on my migration northwards and what things I’ll see when I get there.
Or I can get to it next week.
And those words stuck in my head like a crumb in a throat
In Los Angeles, just after college, I pursued an acting career and worked in Public Relations (my degree Concentration at the University of Texas.) I sang karaoke with friends a number of times and was drawn to church communities where the worship music was amazing. And, I sang in the weddings of some of the most special and amazing friends anyone could ever hope to have on this earth. But, I still didn’t sing as a big part of my life.
This man knows what he's doing.
"For the past 25 years, Ross McElwee has given new meaning and flair to first-person nonfiction cinema. Always wise and irreverent, ever the unreliable narrator, McElwee makes the grandest themes of human comedy his artistic province: love and death, chance and fate, memory and denial, the marvelous and the appalling."
But the one thing I do like about Easter is the family dinner. Sure, Thanksgiving and Christmas are traditionally more renowned for big family dinners and there’s some truth to that, especially in my family. Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners are legendary. My mother is more talented in the kitchen than 98% of the chefs in this country and both my parents have spent the entirety of their adult lives to makes sure both of those holidays are memorable, in one way or another, each and every year. Even as my siblings and I have moved into adulthood.
Stamps - Hero Arts (sentiment is a wood mount and butterfly is cling and die set)
Evolution of Insanity – Pete Howorth is an incredibly funny guy from the U.K. He’s currently struggling to keep his sanity at a job where he seems to be the glue that keeps everything together. Pete’s not only funny, he’s very smart, a great writer and, though he sometimes talks tough, don’t let him fool you – he’s a wonderfully warm and kind hearted guy. (…oops, I think he just threw up a little.)
So I ask myself the follow up: Is it healthy to love different? Granted, my love of foreign things is not bad. It's the flip side - the not loving "unforeign" things - that gives me pause.
No, I am not writing to you from a tequila-soaked hostel in Cancun or a luxurious castle in Prague but from a humble flat in Montreal, Quebec. If you’ve followed this blog for a little while, you know by now that I sing with a co-ed a cappella group on campus called the Crosstones. We’ve tried to tour every year, usually singing at group members’ high schools and other colleges; but this year, the Crosstones have decided to go international. Yes, Montreal is the first step of our global a cappella takeover.
A significant 65% of small business owners were more likely than others to generate leads, compared to the 58% average for all marketers.
None of these are extravagant or costly but they do add to the pleasure of buying over the internet and one of the Pros for buying handmade because you get that personal touch.
I don't really 'do' news. I'm not sure why - maybe others do it better and more consistently, or maybe just because I'm lazy and prefer to talk about myself. Whatever, sometimes you just have to get off the couch, put Jeremy Kyle* on live pause and pick up the phone to speak to a brewer.
Interestingly, the “opposing” quarterbacks (Tamburo and LeMay) only attempted seven passes total, if the numbers are right. I suppose Boise running the ball and the clock makes sense if the above scenario mentioned by Coach Richt were the case in an actual game.
The idea of harvesting the cherries to go in the beer is both a throwback to a distant past in brewing, but maybe also forward-looking. One of the great contributions of craft brewing to the beer world--at least in the US--is the element of localness. The Northwest has a big advantage in this, since we have the hop fields so close. But breweries across the country have incorporated local ingredients into their beers (blueberries in Maine, maple syrup in Vermont, Door County cherries in Wisconsin). Even our practice of aging beers in bourbon barrels is purely American. I have long been fascinated by what it means to produce "indigenous" beer, and a central element is harnessing what's around you. Eventually, Matt hopes to use his peaches in a sour beer, and he is toying--not very seriously--with the idea of a perry.
Though some of the artists are well known and their art recognizable, the majority of artwork and crafts come from people who produced as a hobby, not a business. With the economy still on a slippery slope, the opportunity offered by Randy and Carie Robison was well met by these people. In addition, having their heartwork on display was validation and encouragement especially when a visitor found something they loved and took it home.
still snapped in her head,
So I also got back into the troll unit. These will likewise be furred up soon (the lips are still drying). I have decided to skip the eyes on these guys. I like the look of them as is though I would love to see nostrils on these guys. I will have to give that a try. I know the legs still look sketchy BUT I am hoping that fur will fix that.
Completed: March 2012
We have good times and we have bad times, just as Jesus had good times and bad times.
Hey now, and when I wake up,
Death follows me. He shadows me as I walk, as I crawl, as I climb. He knows my fate. Perhaps he has known it for years.
541 ***D-VIII/26/1963. “The American Heritage: Words and Deeds.” Harpur College, The University of the State of New York, Binghamton, New York. (Included in Item C-1964(1), above, pp. 625-42. Incorporated in Item C-1964 (3), above, and in Item B-2, above, pp. 33-45, 247-48 (1975).) See Item D-IV/16/1986, below.
At the church where I am a pastor, Calvary Bible Church, we desperately want our people to be a praying people. In fact, at the end of the worship service each Sunday, our senior pastor encourages the congregation to find someone before they leave and ask that person how they can pray for him/her. We want prayer to be part of the lifeblood of the church because prayer is the act of God’s people looking to him for what they need. In short, we want to be a people who are actively depending on God together.
Today's Dant, a 375 ml bottle without a tax stamp, was distilled at DSP-KY-113, the Buffalo Trace Distillery, and bottled at DSP-KY-16, the Stitzel-Weller Distillery. That tells us that the bourbon was distilled during the Schenley era. At that time, Schenley owned the Buffalo Trace Distillery (then known as the George T. Stagg or Ancient Age Distillery). However, this bourbon was bottled after the United Distillers purchase in 1987, since United Distillers owned Stitzel-Weller at that time. This is consistent with the "89" on the bottom of the bottle which indicates a likely bottling date of 1989.
when temperatures rise.
Any errors in analysis or interpretation are mine and mine alone.
Anyone who knows us knows that we have been through A LOT in the past 9 years and have perservered with the best of them!!! It's exciting that we are starting our 9th year with something that we've been working on since our 2nd or 3rd year..
You see, I'm not the most patient gardener in the world and I have a bad back. Given the choice of carefully planting seeds or scattering them everywhere, I'll invariably choose the scatter method. The problem is that it wastes a ridiculous number of seeds. Then they have to be thinned and I'm not a big fan of thinning either. It makes me sad to pull out a perfectly good seedling, plus it means I have to get down and pull them. Seed tapes solve all those problems. You can buy them pre made, but I'm also cheap and I like to have a lot of variety.
1. Since we’re working with white, apply a primer to the lid before sweeping a white cream eyeshadow across the upper lid.
The Financial Times doesn't review poetry all that often, but it had George Pendle review Alien vs. Predator by Michael Robbins (Penguin, 2012), a book I have not yet read, and intend to. This is a review of that review - or rather, a brief lament at so many of the assumptions and lazy claims made in it. The main problem for me is Pendle's claim is that this collection "could take poetry to a new readership" because of its "ephemeral appreciation of pop culture" and that this pop culture poetry, that references "rap", is like "Wallace Stevens playing Xbox". Paul Muldoon and John Ashbery and Ginsberg are cited as presiding spirits. Blogs and tweets are mentioned. It is a "gory B-movie mash-up" with a "bouncing, colloquial firestorm of pop and poetical reference". Sigh.
My kids are growing so much everyday.
Then there was a pot, drinks and lots of yummy things to nibble on. Glad to see my tax euros being put to good use - that champagne was tasty!
So it often is with the films of Lynch. Time invades the very atoms on the screen, for you never know where it will make a cut in reality from the future, which aspects will become meaningful in retrospect, often not due to one reversal, but perhaps many. Or what of Memento, in which every ten minutes our relation to the past reworks? Or a film like Nolan’s The Prestige (2006), in which there are so many plot reversals, that each time we thought we understood how to read the past, things are once again reshuffled, until we learn to navigate the plot, as well as the relations between objects and characters, in a mode of radical suspension which opens us onto the power of a radical futurity in the present. All of these powers of film need to serve as raw materials for a cinema of affects.
Grace E. Jackson, MD
"The children could hear as the man died next to them. The boy whose birthday it was, kept begging the robbers to let him help his father, but they would not listen."
That’s all. Here’s a link to the IMDB page for the movie if you want to check it out. I highly recommend it!
Former Senator Rick Santorum's answer was almost as bad:
As I stopped in front of them, the curious man that I am, I was approached by an older Dutch man with a bike who also had been standing idly by. He asked me what I thought of them and told me they were quite aggressive when people would take pictures. This made no sense to me since they were pointing a video camera at themselves. So I approached them and asked if I could look at the slew of hate-filled poster boards strewn across the ground in front of them. These posters had various messages including one saying that all women of the world will bow down to the Black man. They were prominently displayed with cartoons, caricatures of Jesus and other religious figures, as well as symbols of domination and social hierarchy. Most interesting was the only poster being held by one of these ‘prophets’. It explained that the 12 tribes of Israel are represented by different groups across the world, one being the “American Negro”. When I engaged these men in conversation they explained that the American Negro is not a true black man because the white man had brainwashed him and stole his heritage. They said a lot of other things with no basis in science or mere critical thought. They read directly from the bible and were interpreting the world around them with the most literal of translations.
So, most sane people with a moral compass that’s not pointing to a desolate wasteland of cannibals, pedophiles and domestic violence, would generally agree that child abuse is wrong. Not ‘up-for-debate’ and opinion based wrong, but plainly and simply NOT OK. And there are many worthwhile charities actively engaging in the fight to end child abuse (for the moment I shall choose not to discuss how much the NSPCC have recently spent on pointless and unproductive ad campaigns…) and hoards of you-and-me type people that frequently shave heads, run, swim or cycle miles, make cakes, lie in baths of baked beans (I’ve never really understood that?), have back sack and crack waxes or whatever to raise money and/or awareness of these organisations and charities.
why would they do that?
I did not walk down Fenlon street.
The Harry Potter series. Did it EVER exceed my expectations. The Sue Grafton ABC murders. These are EXCELLENT. I thought they’d be gimmicky but they are first class.
It may simply not be possible to convince human beings rationally to take a long-term view. People do not focus on the long term because they have to, but because they want to.
Add 1 tablespoon oil to the now-empty skillet over medium-high heat. Add the remaining garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add tomatoes, water, pasta, salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low and cook, stirring often, until pasta begins to soften, about 7 minutes.
While we get a lot of feedback on the general fabulousness of our staff from the TV show, far and away the number one most talked about thing is The Orangutan Cake. Seeing this little guy staring out at us from the kitchen was just gob-smacking and I don't think there was one of us who wasn't a little devastated at the thought of him being cut up and eaten! Earlier in the year,
Oil - 2 tbsp.
counting.
As his smile ran away from his face
i started out by measuring the length of my bed, to see how long it should be, and i really just eye-balled the height, but you want to make sure it is high enough for your pillows to come up, and if you are doing something decorative like me, you want to be able to show a little of that off as well. after i measured and decided how thick i wanted the outline of the headboard to be (2.5 inches), i taped it off and drew lines with a watercolor pencil, then painted it...
Sensation Transference
Congratulations, you reached your first week of diary keeping (or big daddy keeping!). Now you need to go back and look at what you ate over the past week. Look for places where you could’ve cut out sweets or were eating because you were bored. A food diary will allow you to see a record that can’t be argued with. It will also allow you to set food goals for the next week. Like, I’ll have dessert 4 times this week instead of 5. It also gives you something to be proud of when you reach those goals! Also, decide on rewards (non food related) if you reach your longer term goals (like eating at my caloric intake for 1 month) like a book you’ve been wanting to buy or tickets to an event you’ve been dying to see. These shorter (and obtainable) goals will incentivize you to continue on towards the larger goal of a healthier you!
Christina said...
With those items out of the way, it's on to today's beer, a saison from Brasserie de Blaugies. In the glass, it shows off a hazy apricot color, with a thick, persistent white head. You get aromas of wheat and malt, and flavors of orange, hops, apple, sweet malt, with a nice spice. At 8% ABV, this beer packs some punch. Very nice offering, and I'll definitely add this to the roster for the summer.
Hi everyone! Today I decided to challenge myself and use a stamp set that I do not use often enough. Inspired by Nature is such a popular stamp set and I love all of the cards I've seen made with this set!
This was unnecessary.
Because you tell of your love while you dance
Emma's challenge this week was to use a retired cartridge.
A sweating, barking teddy bear
Was turned into this:
***Please don't forget to leave some love for these talented ladies if you do use some of their images. It's so encouraging for them to hear that someone appreciates their work!
my whole house.
Liverpool Express - Every Man Must Have A Dream
Maple Syrup for drizzling on the pancake
- Always, Dirty Jude. Never keep a good dick down.
Now I haven't smelled 'In The Library' but apparently it's quite evocative. One blogger described it as 'leathery and lovely'. (He's obviously been reading first editions. The only leather in my library is the half-chewed shoe my puppy's been destroying for the past week.)
As I read it, I was reminded of all the information I had read I the last 3 years about the dangers of aspartame not to mention aspartame’s direct negative effect on individuals with another metabolic disorder I have been learning more and more about recently: PKU. In addition, I was reminded of a book called Excitotoxins: The Taste That Kills. It is a fairly technical read and while I have not read it cover to cover, I have skimmed it – and the main point of the doctor who wrote it is: Aspartame (and MSG) disrupt brain chemistry in harmful ways. Here is the cliff notes version of the book on video (my favorite way to “read”):
I live in Phoenix, Arizona and I am addicted to the warm weather!
As I run my fingers down your Spine.
-Maiquel Falcao has surged to #12 at middleweight. This is a perfect example of why to always take SILVA with a grain of salt. I felt Falcao clearly lost two rounds to Slava Vasilevsky at Bellator 66, but the judges disagreed. The result is an inflated SILVA score, which does not properly estimate how good Falcao is.
mix all the dry ingredients and then add the wet and knead for 5 min.
about 20 books, review them at home, and end up with 3 or 4 that I want to read
Corbett River View Retreat- This resort is full of fresh air, innovative design that simple, stylish which give freedom to relax and have a unique experience of staying that leave to world behind at front door.
‘Have you ever wanted to walk on the clouds?’
After my disastrous day in the craft room the other day (see post HERE), I have finally been able to turn out something I am proud of! I had to go back to my trusty sponges to get the look I was after though. My brayer is back in the box for the moment!
In the midst of meandering,
The EU might realize some of the long-term consequences of their actions(Nobody wants Ukraine back in the Kremlin lap) and think Yulia isn’t worth the trouble, but brinksmanship may be the best course of action here. I doubt both parties have the stomach for it, so I’m sure this issue will be solved before June. Bet on that.
The words are not the worst part though. It's the trying to get me to smell his belches and farts that is really disturbing to me. I have to put my foot down with that portion of the show, but I can see how it might be confusing for him. ("Well, if you thing THAT was funny, watch THIS!") I get it. I do. But seriously, this doesn't show any signs of letting up any time soon and I'm really kind of done with it.
Surrender….
Everything always appears exactly when it is needed.
The article said that People was taking both inner and outer beauty into consideration.
Then I just poked down this cute little pink bunny candy dish.
He said: “On and offline can no longer be treated as silos or disparate disciplines. The FT’s recognition of this need, with a clear and transparent approach, should be seen as an important step forward, as well as a sign of confidence in their continuing ability to deliver the right audience across multiple touchpoints.” Ben Hughes, deputy chief executive of the Financial Times, called it a “ground-breaking move”, adding: “It’s the first time that a single measure has been developed that takes into account a global digital and online audience.
My reason to self-publish was purely to get my book out there in the big wide world. I think the changes that are happening are really exciting! Yes, it may be that some crap gets published through self-published or e-book means, but the public will ultimately decide what they like and buy it. Simple as!
and author of "A History of the Modern Fact." "I think the thing Americans ought to miss most about facts is the lack of agreement that there are facts. This means we will never reach consensus about anything. Tax policies, presidential candidates. We'll never agree on anything."
"Trying to find your identity and realizing that your society doesn't always tell you the right thing" is a particularly profound message for teens, Taylor says. "Sometimes you have to go against what everyone else says to do the right thing. All that kind of resonates no matter where you come from."
and so on. But what does it mean?
My heart opens to you my love,
We proceeded to roam through the shops. From high-end designer bullshit to what you could call the optimal choice shops. Those are the shops that have , in my opinion, almost always quality that is according to the price, design that does not make you look like a douchebag.
Link to your wedding details online:
What is wrong with people? When did we get to be such a judgemental society? Maybe I've just always been pretty oblivious, or maybe I took part in it as a teenager/young adult and didn't think much of it, but it absolutely blows my mind these days. Most of the time I just ignore it. I don't particularly care what anyone does with their child, assuming they're not in danger. So they eat macaroni and cheese every night for dinner? Lucky kid! That child is on a leash? The parent must feel safer with them that way. A child is a freaking nightmare in a restaurant....he must be bored or having a bad day. End of story. I don't give a crap. I worry about me and my family.
I could listen to her for hours. I consider it a privilege that she is sharing some of her earliest memories with me. Recently, when I mentioned to her that I wanted to document stories like hers, to hold on to the Carroll Gardens that she knew in her youth, she told me with a twinkle in her eye that she had old photos that she could show me.
AKA, my 2009 Christmas list.
"The Justice Department's demonstrable contempt for the congressional investigation has inflicted harm on the people of two nations seeking the truth - and very pointedly on the family of fallen Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry and ATF whistleblowers who now face retaliation in the wake of their own heroic efforts to expose wrongdoing," says the brief to be distributed Thursday.
Loverboy
So I guess that was more like 20 goals, consolidated into 11 so I could stick with the year theme...
Here is the sketch for the current challenge:
Perhaps this will even give us the real scope and purpose of our lives.
On Monday, I was exposed to a the idea of Content Farms for the first time. I had no idea that these existed, but after finding out some of their applications, I’m not surprised by them.
Kevin Cadwallender, Scotland
The whole surface of the side panel was sanded down to the bare metal, and buffed the underside of Colossus’s muscles with my dremel and some polish until I got a high sheen/reflective effect. Colossus was then masked off while the rest of the picture was painted.
Next, we found an unpopulated area of the outdoor classroom and decided that we would use orange caution cones as targets. We put one right up close to us, one some ways off, and a third was already standing at a great distance from us, so we named it a target as well. There was some discussion about why taking turns was the right way to go, but ultimately decided that the only really dangerous aspect of throwing rocks was the prospect of hitting someone or breaking "glass things," so standing back and waiting our turns would be a good way to avoid that. Actually, those waiting chose to stand on the cedar rounds that line the sand pit.
So as Christmas approaches this week and the New Year shortly thereafter, take a few moments to stop....slow down....and breathe in--CHRISTMAS! You'll be glad you did!
Globally, there is a strong call and numerous attempts to go back to nature, turn to natural methods of healing, and embrace natural ways of living and lifestyle. Nature is being brought to health care facilities through healing gardens. Elements of nature abound the insides of the homes. “Green is in”, literally and otherwise. There is a worldwide call to go green.
Thanks so much for stopping by and be sure to join us in linking up your Cabin Fever project!!! Stop by tomorrow for another Nate's ABC project!
One has to marvel at the audacity of this scam. There were so many parties that had to be involved that it boggles the mind to consider that a mere handful of alleged “climate scientists” who created the computer models and provided the falsified data were able to corrupt so many real scientists into collaborating. The prospect of vast amounts of governmental and foundation funding made the process easier.
Mr Sheridan’s cases are exactly the rare proceedings where perjury proceedings are likely.
Basically this is more of the same thing, only on the next level. More handling, more blanketing, more haltering, more leading, more everything! I'll have a calender set up for her soon... but first, I get to go see SOPHIE! T-minus 2 days and I will be sitting on her.... I can't wait!
Disclosure: I did not receive any tickets or other forms of compensation for this post. All opinions expressed are my own.
on poor people because it’s something
Place a square piece of paper down on a hard, flat surface so that it forms a diamond shape.
They both came out of recovery find. Tired, but fine. We got home around 3:30pm. And so far their recovery has been pretty good. I am having to keep them from doing more than they should and trying not to let boredom set in, although I am pretty sure it already has.
Then I used an insult I have never used in my life and I have no idea why I decided to use it on that day to that specific person, who, up till that point, I had only seen sitting down in the driver's seat of their car:
So here's part two, treated with the same amount of slacking. I trust it you
“She could tell me things that I couldn’t hear from other people, and that was extraordinary,” Brooks said.
At any rate, when it comes to territorial integrity, Iranians have always shown a firm stance and demonstrated that they will not retreat an iota from their rights. In the 1980s when the United States and several European countries backed and equipped the late dictator Saddam Hussein in the war which he waged on Iran, the Iranians didn’t surrender an inch of their soil to the enemy.
Teresa
And Jim Johnson says it all happened rather suddenly.
She's following the trends in her Mercedes Benz
If the recent signs in the housing market are correct (e.g., multiple bids for the same house and rising new home purchase commitments) and house prices start rising again, then I would still argue against government guaranteed low down payment loans. Why? Because they contribute to rapid price increases (remember President Clinton’s well-intended, but ultimately tragic housing policy decisions)? Look at the first half of the housing price chart above.
10. Wild Horses 5:34
C'ya
A good friend of mine recently finished The Hunger Games trilogy—if you haven't read them, you really should—and loved them, so she was asking for other book suggestions. I gave her a few suggestions off the top of my head of some I've read that I've really loved, whether recently, in the distant past, or some I've only heard great things about (for example, The Road, Mark of the Lion series, 13 Reasons Why, and The Monster of Florence).
- Lord/Master (Adonai)
Is the ENERGY which is In-Charge of managing and co-ordinating with all the other working factors in the creation, offering them a helping hand to finally Organize a NEW LIFE of Love Peace and Unity for all the members of this beautiful Earth Planet.It is not a religious or a spiritual organization, it is a Phenomena about our Evolution as a Human Being to rise into the Higher Perfection of Life.
Maybe the town ends.
I imagine a man getting cozy with his date. While being playful, he decides to do a bit of nibbling in the chest area.
Christopher Crawford, a member of the local Guelph election campaign, also talked about conversations he overheard between Mr. Sona and another staffer, Ken Morgan. Mr. Morgan was the campaign manager for Guelph Conservative candidate Marty Burke.
Also, we sort of missed out on doing as much as we could on Bloggiesta, so why not run another Pick Your Thon to catch up. Plus, I'm on spring break. Woot!
Cut the eggplant into long strips. Add 1 tsp of oil to the wok (it may have some oil remaining from frying the tofu) and begin to stir fry. When the eggplants starts to brown, add some salt and black pepper. Saute until tender. Remove from pan.
Starting Saturday, motorists driving within the city limits must use a hands-free device if they want to talk on their phones, though officers will be accommodating at first, Police Chief Kurt Heuer said.
it’s as if
Happy coaching, and watch out for saber-toothed tigers.
and when you start to cry, you ask me why
This the original capital of Vijayanagara kingdaom present in the north side of Tungabhadra river. Opposite this town there is a temple of Lord Vishnu called Vittala temple.
The same boy who saved his Halloween candy also saved the box from every Lego set he bought. I remember asking his pediatrician about this during a checkup, hoping the doctor would back me up. "Doctor, is Jack a hoarder, or at least a very neat one? Shouldn't we throw away those boxes?" The doctor asked him about his interests and concluded "Jack is not a hoarder; he is a collector. To a Lego collector, those boxes have value. The boxes can stay."
Miraculously, two more people were pulled from the rubble today. However, even as I write this, the majority of SAR teams are packing it up tonight and heading back to their respective countries. In the morning, Dave and I will move the VSAT system over to the UNDAC area as they have an urgent need with their Map Action group. Hi resolution satellite images have been collected of the area that they need to download to help plan for the transition from rescue over to relief. We plan on being stationed in the UN compound for the next few days until their own systems can be flown in. We hope that at that time, we can then move back to the World Concern office to assist with the "internet cafe" for other NGOs.
Scientists believe that the Y chromosome is one of the fastest evolving pieces of genetic material in humans with a 30% difference in humans and primates. It contains somewhere between 70 and 200 genes, which they are actively working on identifying. While the Y chromosome does contain genes that are only found on this one chromosome, there are areas that have pseudoautosomal genes (an autosomal chromosome is a non sex determining chromosome), which means they are found on both the X and Y chromosome.
Pinch of turmeric
I finished stuffing all the trapunto on my Coxcomb and currants quilt and spent several evenings carefully trimming the muslin off the back. I couldn't be happier, it's turning out just how I imagined in my mind. Excuse the photo, it had to go on the washing line but you'll get the idea.
as the new sound. "
In an increasingly global marketplace, the decision to outsource, and more than often than not, to offshore based service delivery centres, has become a strategic choice for many organisations. These offshore service delivery centres could be external vendors or company owned shared services centres.
Not to mention, I’m going to have to create a whole separate excel spreadsheet so I can track earn-out. On this royalty statement, the advance paid isn’t listed. So it’s going to be up to the agency to track it so we know when the title has earned out because that info isn’t on the statement.
All in all, i'm really liking the soothing qualities of Pangea's products. Another great thing about the company is that they operate out of a wind powered 10,000 sq. foot factory and are said to be the largest organic products factory in the country. Their products are also available through Sephora, making them easy to find and purchase (although I purchased through their official website).
Other: Heart cut on Cricut using George and Basic Shapes at 3" and 3 1/4"
This is disappointing. I knit the size for 36″ bust – which is exactly my bust dimension. More than that, the pattern gives a dimension of 20″ around the circumference of the opening of the shrug – which is exactly the measurement I get when I wind a tape around from the back of my neck, under each oxter and around my back. I also managed to block the initial rectangle to the dimensions in the schematic. All of this meant I was hopeful that the finished piece would fit and I pressed on.
Cosmopoetry, sometimes termed astropoetry or astrohumanism, is a genre of poetry focused on the stars and the cosmos and our relation to astronomical phenomena. Underlying cosmopoetry is the belief that our petty human-scale strife and quarrels are diminished to near invisibility (or at least irrelevance) when viewed against the enormity of the cosmos. Indeed, cosmopoetry seeks to find that which unites us rather than divides us.
What this all amounts to is that women take maybe a half a decade to a decade off, and that our husbands help with housekeeping. Women around here take it for granted that somebody out there lobbies on their behalf, so that when we return to work, our careers take minimal damage. If we don’t quit work, we expect generous maternity leaves and flexibility from our employers. I’m mystified by the number of visibly pregnant women who, in this economy, were able to score lucrative positions.
And, it is comfortable, too. If I was over 6 foot, might be a tad tight. Perfect for my 5’7″ frame. Not much elbow room and it will take some effort to flip over, but what am I complaining about, I am in “Virgin Atlantic Upperclass”.
We see Cole locked away in a mental hospital, mumbling that he can't move. Roy asks "That's where they keep the criminally insane isn't it?" Myra says "He retired and that's it. But I didn't. I'm still the best long con roper you'll ever see." Roy answers "I bet you are, and now you're trying to rope me." She answers "Join up with you!"
By this point I could see that I was losing a few of the kids’ attention so it was time to hand out a coloring page that I had printed out of an awareness ribbon made of puzzle pieces that the kids could color. We put a colored picture of the Autism Awareness Ribbon up on the board and we talk just a little about the ribbon and about April being Autism Awareness month and I reminded them watch for houses with blue lights. And then it was time for me to go. Whew!
Laura Lancaster
This weekend we are re-going over our rules/rituals and see what works and doesn't work for us. He might want to add a new things to the board.
In life, we must keep the heart as wide open as these great fields are. Doing this we gain the ability to see in all directions. We can move with the four winds and we embrace all creation. The sphere of fields invites all to its open space. Take care to travel here, and enjoy it.
In fact, once you’ve installed a quality monitoring system you can make sure future hidden factories never occur. After all, you’re only getting paid to manage one department.
Now my rusty heart beats strong
Crazy, right? If you only knew…
I’ve always adored Regency romantic comedies (starting with Jane Austen and Georgette Heyer) and fantasy adventures (starting with The Lord of the Rings, of course). A Most Improper Magick gave me the chance to mix up both genres, which was perfect!
Ryan: the left says we are Hobbesian and
The 2011 General Assembly approved a measure (session law 2011-409) that would put language into the NC Constitution related to legally recognized marriages in the state. The proposed Amendment to article 14 of the NC constitution would add a new section, to be called section 6. It would read as follows:
But my own experiences so far in my life have made me commit to being there for my daughters, as much as they'll let me. I struggled to feel like their mother after being separated from them for 15 hours after their birth, never even laying my eyes on them until 15 hours after they were born (and the head of OB at the hospital I gave birth at said there was no real reason to, as I suspected, except that the staff didn't get their act together to make it happen). One thing that really made me realize that I'm their mother, and that I'm going to do everything within my power to never not be there for them again was the scene from Glee when Finn sings "I'll Stand By You" to the image of "his" baby's ultrasound.
It is really, really great to meet new friends.
Level 16: Damage: +16%, Critical Rate: +16%.
(Mortal Instruments)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The following morning we woke early with the intention of catching the 10am train, but unfortunately there were no free trains until 3pm because of the reunification public holiday, so instead we headed into town and the ironically named Hanoi Hilton Prison’. It was an interesting mix of history of French, followed by Japenese then finally American oppression. The vietnamese never seemed to give up hope though and ultimately won their independence 37 years ago today, and I think they are a very proud nation because of these victories over much bigger and more powerful nations.
First, you ought to work out the annual budget for your project. Your budget may, of course, decrease or increase in subsequent years. You can determine your budget in any number of ways. You might set a figure which is a percentage of your disposable income after essential bills, savings and investment. If you are the kind of person who keeps receipts, you might, alternatively, work out how much you spent last year on clothing and use this as a guide. It might be, of course, that you already have a very detailed household budget which includes a figure for your clothing. In which case let’s move on.
3) 'Alah A Lalla Hyani
If so I'm here to show you how you can compromise a bit,
We realized that in order to retrieve the cassette recorder Jane had left behind, we would not only have to brave the rickety ramp of our invention once again, but we'd also have to make it out there early enough so that her grandparents wouldn't see us. We also decided that it would be best to take apart the makeshift ramp, lest proof of our actions be discovered. So we resolved to wake up half an hour before dawn and sneak out to the old farmhouse one last time.
All car seats have an expiration date that can be found on the manufacturer’s label. If there is not an exact expiration date listed, a general rule is 6 years from the manufacture date. Seats used after their expiration date may not be safe or hold up in a crash.
Students are so used to being asked for answers, especially answers to questions that require them to recall particular information to judge their retention. But, as I have hopefully illustrated, is that the information that they are being asked to retain can have a range of value: from very useful to extremely useless. Some of the information is important, but I feel that much of it has little relevance to what the student is interested. They are accumulating and storing information that is not going to assist them in a world in which answers are rarely clear cut. So instead, I say that we genuinely prepare students for this ambiguous world. We ask students to form questions, and allow them to form the answers. We allow them to experience the interconnectedness of genuine inquiry. Science does not occur in a vacuum, literature is not created in a vacuum, mathematical concepts are not created in a vacuum, art, drama, dance, music are not created in a vacuum. Culture is not created in a vacuum. These traditional subjects (as they are taught) are interdependent. We need to be conceiving them as disciplines, or ways of thinking and generating questions and methods for answering those questions.
I am also working in the beta a little, not as much as I’d like, but, well…it’s beta and not always playable and the husband really likes to play together on our mains….so….I wait for him to decide to play in beta. I could level my hunter up in beta, but well, I want to test on my …. main!
So there we are 1,000 euro down! And I thought that I was on top of financial things….
I then came across this nugget of wisdom from Ann Voskamp this morning:
My biggest issue with flying is that I have little faith in aerodynamics. It’s different than hot air balloons. I understand the concept of density. Thin the air in the balloon with heat and it will rise above the thicker air around it. It’s the same concept that makes pebbles sink in water, but aircraft carriers float.
The next part of the deal is that you work out how much you’ve spent on your MoVem-Beer beers and donate that to the Men’s Health initiatives operating during Movember. If you still want to go ahead and grow a Mo, send us a link to your Movember page and we’ll see if we can drum up some dollars for you there, as well.
Last night when Tevye was busy rescuing trains from their precarious position upon my head, I desperately wanted to instill in him that his desire to help and save people and be the rescuer are all very wonderful things and that he should never lose that.
Kuhrt writes well, this is a short and easily read book. Writing as an evangelical Kuhrt brings a great challenge from the theology of NT Wright to all evangelicals. If you don’t like his answers you at least have to answer his questions. For non evangelicals I think Kuhrt’s book demonstrates the vitality of evangelical theology and practice when it is radically committed to being biblical rather than entrenched in a nineteenth century form of a sixteenth century tradition! While commending this book most warmly I would nevertheless more warmly commend a long and detailed engagement with Tom Wright (and am sure that Stephen Kuhrt would agree with this).
My life was just bliss
“So, do we look like a married couple?” joked Mary when they arrived.
Add parsley, mint, onion, lemon, oil and salt and mix well. Check if bulgur wheat is puffed and ready. It has a chewy texture when ready, drain from excess water and add to parsley and mix. Let sit in the fridge overnight or two. Add diced tomatoes before serving, mix and enjoy!!
to be loved by Prince Charles;
Her dad decided not to go on because he notice that Lisa was just getting more and more worked up and that she was starting to say things she didn’t actually mean.
No woman should be treated as a second-class citizen of any country or religion. Yet the Church continues to say that women do not have the right to vote for itsleadership or Synod decisions, are not equal under the Code of Canon Law, are outside of inclusive language and should be treated without respect regarding reproductive decisions they make for the good of their families, spouses, partners, or in many situations to stay alive.
I was a staunch supporter of self-determination, a so-called volkstaat, prior to 1994, because we had the best opportunity ever to successfully negotiate it back then. Unfortunately it did not enjoy the necessary support back then and we LOST that window of opportunity.
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me.
I picked up what I needed at Albertsons, along with some special requests for my roommate, since he was paying. At the checkout counter I was ready for my total...and it was wrong. I quietly said to the girl behind the counter, "I'm sorry, but the price on the red bell pepper is wrong. It should be $1.98, not $2.49."
I recommended this series to my mom and I'm afraid she's going to pass me up! They are addicting!
First, you need to mix up the dry rub. The recipe for the rub is way more than you'll need, so have a good airtight container ready to store the rest for future use. My recipe is based on Hugh's Dry Rub Recipe, with minimal additions or substitutions. Here's mine:
“Are you sexually active?” She asked. Her pen was poised as she waited for me to answer.
The beauty of true wisdom lies in not trying. Selfless. Funny. Incredibly smart. Street smart. Understanding. Compassionate. A true Christian. Love and miss my grandpa more and more every day. Never thought I'd feel a pain in my heart every day for the rest of my life.
Brazil lowered its benchmark interest rate to a near-historic low of 9 percent on Wednesday, as expected, but the central bank surprised with hints that more cuts may follow to revive Latin America’s largest economy.
“I never went,” I replied. “It’s the power of bullshit in blogging. It just seems like I did because I quoted people’s e-mails so often.”
Only last December President Obama affirmed that ‘we are committed to a partnership that is built on a foundation of mutual interest, mutual respect and mutual trust.’ Since 2001 America has provided Pakistan with $11.6 billion in security-related assistance and $6 billion in economic aid. It is due to provide at least $7.5 billion dollars of aid over the next five years. Pakistani officers are even represented on the Tripartite Joint Intelligence Operation Center situated in ISAF Headquarters in Kabul.
We got back at exactly the right time. Tina had just finished her article and Linda was also round telling us about all the goings on around campus. “It’s such a nice atmosphere, everyone wants to do stuff together and off-campus. We’ve already been invited to three parties”. It sounded like we were in for a good night. Tina needed to shower and change and Linda went back to her unit so Sofie and I introduced Myrte to some Tim Minchin videos and we all got flagged up.
Does anyone have suggestions of places in Central London that serve the best Bloody Mary preferably cheaper than Brown’s. However I am now completely spoiled and prefer ones made with individual spices rather than the usual Worcestershire sauce. Maybe a recipe to make my own would be cheaper – ideas welcome!
The group previously hacked several government sites in early March.
THE ATL would be recognized by Atlanta residents and visitors to the city as a nickname for Atlanta. . . .It is clear from the evidence that THE ATL would be understood by the intended readers of applicant's publications as a nickname for the city of Atlanta. We also note that there is no evidence of record that THE ATL has another meaning or would be perceived as anything other than a reference to Atlanta.
Especially intriguing was the development of a “her space,” a location where the women and young girls who were found in brothels or elsewhere would be treated as victims rather than as criminals.
We all get tired, we all have bad moments, the key is to recognize it and do something about it to make it better.
Biggest Indulgence: Linens.
Thought rap’s machismo; not bad machismo. Not white machismo.
I think I have learned. I am not leaving until I know that my light has been reset!
While chancellor of the Washington school system from 2007 to 2010, Rhee received national attention for her data-driven approach of seeking to improve education. She drew controversy from teachers unions for opposing tenure and promoting charter schools. In the past year, the U.S. Department of Education began assisting in an investigation into whether gains at some schools occurred due to cheating on standardized tests.
The Secretary of State (SOS) is the entity that handles license disputes and normally it will be necessary to participate in a DLAD (Drivers License Appeal Division) hearing.
“Mr. Hafner,” said Ben’s chief aide, Ted Shadlaw, “sorry, but I happened to see you come in here.”
Chloe – Not seen. reading the plot for this one doesn’t really make it seem like there is a lot of mental illness even occurring in the storyline as it is more about the development of a lesbian relationship and affairs, but I guess I will have to watch it to find out!
- 1 ⅔ cups sugar (335 grams)
“Yes. That sums up the history well, and I believe shows us what is happening,” Fortunatus said.
Seriously. That just happened.
We take care of our bodies, without glorifying them, until our bodies of glory are revealed. But, don’t you realize that your body of glory, will be according to the measure of Christ you experience in this age? Put on Christ, that in every situation you might be found in Him, and you will express Him even more brilliantly in the age to come. O Father, clothe us with Christ in glory and splendor for your eternal purpose!
several months. I wait until I have several to wash at the same time.
The Basilica housing Rennaissance treasures opened at 4pm. As the basilica doors slowly edged open, a long line of art lovers jumped up from the cafes, church steps and park benches. They had read about the Filipino Lippi artworks and the Michelangelo also. Amazingly it was gratis to see this Spanish looking church designed by Brunelleschi.
H: I know, but MOM, they asked me if I wanted milk and Handed me chocolate milk.
As a part of the new television show on TLC, Brides of Beverly Hills, and the addition of new gowns to the Fall 2012 Collection we have even more beautiful photos to share with all you readers!
Rising Tide Brewing Company is a family-owned brewery that specializes in artisanal, handcrafted ales influenced by brewing traditions from around the world. Brewed in small 90-gallon batches in their one-barrel brewhouse, these beers are bottled by hand and are unfiltered, unpasteurized, and bottle conditioned. With support from its distribution partner, Mariner Beverages, Rising Tide Brewing Company is available in a growing number of restaurants and retail shops throughout Maine.
I didn't do any writing for half the week.
I have to hurry before someone else adds this stanza then I will have to write a haiku.
Have a great Sunday and an even better week ahead and looking forward to seeing your projects
Technology transfer
A number of people are also involved in fishing and collecting seafood and sea products for their livelihood. Various kinds of Oyster, Snail, Pearl and their ornaments are very popular with tourists in seaside and city stores. A number of people are also involved in the transportation business for tourists. Cox’s Bazar is also one of the few major spots for aquaculture in Bangladesh. Along with Khulna, it is considered a major source of revenue from foreign exchanges. Beside a mix of small-scale agriculture, marine and inland fishing and salt production are other industrial sources from this region that play important roles in the national economy.
John was already trying to worm his way off of the
WORST PICTURE
Misery does love company.
The prize for the winner is a Fabulous $10.00 voucher to spend in store, and the store is well worth a visit, why not pop over and see all the lovely craft goodies available.
Anyway, I really should stay here and clean. The bug guy will be here in two weeks. And I've somehow managed to spill something, and it's gotten to that point where I've put off the cleaning so long I'm almost afraid to get started on it.
Our environment may change, but it doesn’t mean our habits have to. It may be difficult to continue if you don’t have the resources of staying active or going to a special place to study.
More feelings of sadness
“Kick You Down”
Another tip for genealogists everywhere is to see if your local university library has these books in its catalogue. You may not be able to borrow them, but you will be able to sit in the library and read them (yes, I know, no coffee or snacks!…I’m reminded of 84 Charing Cross Rd when I say that). You may also find some in your favourite online bookshop or real bookshop, new or used. I can see I also need to go into my blog and add these titles to my Reference Books tab.
Chicken Curry Soup
There are plenty of Marvel Comic fans out there, however, it is important for Whedon to play to the interests of newcomers as well. The only way for the film to become a cultural phenomenon is if it welcomes both old and new fans. As a newcomer to the story of The Avengers I can say that Whedon is most definitely doing a great job of adding intrigue for fans across the board. While we cannot come to a consensus yet, we can be certain that The Avengers will be one of the biggest movie of the year. Fans are already purchasing their tickets and itching to make their way into the theatre. A $220 million budget is nothing compared to the numbers this film will draw at the box office.
Back to England we go, Internets.
We all have our TRUTH, our authentic true self that wants to emerge and show itself in all its beauty. This year we can search deeper into Self and reveal our true essence of who we truly are and fulfil our potential. To do this we must see past our fears, see past our limited egos and allow ourselves to shine. It is not a time to be bashful and insecure or to judge our past or others. We often get stuck in the illusions of the negative self beliefs; we can even wallow in it, a familiar place of self destruction so familiar that it feels comfortable! Make a choice to feel your truth; you know it is in there. For some of us this place of truth is greater than for others so help others to recognise their light by shining yours for them to see.
Place your nut milk bag inside of a large container. (I like to use a large glass jar.) Make sure that the top of the bag is held tightly or tied so that it stays snug around the lip of the jar.
Dreamland Park had opened on May 14, 1904, one of the three giant amusement parks at Coney. Luna Park and Steeplechase Park were the other two.
Ease of self-rescue: easy
Big News:
If you haven’t tried Mekong, I’d suggest you do it, it’s worth taking a bit of a detour to get some good pho. However, you can’t go with the expectation of a recreating the experience of Vietnam in a bowl. Personally, I prefer MVNH, just a couple of doors up Swanston Street – less packed, the freshest ingredients and just as good value for money. Of course, the service is just as bad ;)
Today I’m celebrating (and supporting) Kranti and all the Unreasonable Fellows who believe they can change the world. Keep the faith!
I had such a great time creating this card:
Year built: 2010
It’s an odd position for me because I also, like many of you, submit to competitions and therefore I have received both such emails, perhaps more of the latter over the years. And I hate to bring bad news, but at the same time I love to bring good news.
Let’s start at the beginning.
Every Tuesday and Friday I work in a prison as a writer in residence.
One of the signs of our civilization's downfall is that people no longer know how to walk. Three-quarters of them have their faces buried in some sort of hand-held device and the final quarter are pushing strollers the size of a Russian T-34 tank.
It was one of those garden centres that sells many other things....... crafts, books, gadgets to name but a few, as well as thousands of indoor and outdoor plants and things to do with gardening. There were also small pets, but although I enjoyed looking at all the rabbits and equipment, I left that department hurriedly.
It was nice to see that Josh Brolin was comfortable enough to get through his monologue (mostly) by himself, despite not having much material. I got that he only said one word as Tommy Lee Jones because Tommy Lee isn’t a big talker, but it would have been nice to hear more of that impression, because based on the MIB3 trailer, he has his cadence down well. B-
The folks at ButterSword are currently on their 2010 US Tour, selling their zines throughout this greatish nation. I wish them luck.
Rather petrified, lacking determination
Wednesday: Shepherds pie
Oh, and at the bottom of the barrel lies Tommy Doyle, the little boy who was being babysat by Laurie Stode in the first movie. He's grown up into a paranoid nutcase who inexplicably knows all about Michael and has all the answers to everything in this movie, and I suddenly hate this movie that much more. The acting, oh fuck, the acting...is fucking horrible. It doesn't help that this movie has some of the worst lines ever ("Michael Myers is the right man for me," on the radio show, and the narration in the beginning that says that Halloween is a night of mayhem only because of Myers...) but the acting is just intolerable. Nobody is believable, nobody has any emotion and nobody delivers their lines with any conviction at all. It's an acting student's worst nightmare! You could get a pair of fleas to act better than half of these assholes. You could get...Romanian midgets with cranial deformations to act better. This is awful! This is torture!
At a non-denominational service to mark Nigeria ’s 51st Independence Day, you lashed out at me and other critics of yours. I truly deserve it. But your frustrations drew no sympathy in me.
First lesson= FOLLOW THROUGH!
How long before all the pain you gave.
Content to know the crying girl has come to sit awhile.
I picked up these crates from Michaels at $13/ea...
Which is why I think that perhaps the reason that Elvis isn’t considered an artist who made major social change – revolutionary social change no less – is because he was Southern – and not the ideal sort of educated, obviously left leaning and non-religious – as other entertainers who are deemed artists present themselves.
"The Silver Box"
But back to crafting, Today Creative Card Crew is sponsored by the amazing, fantastic, and great Simon Says Stamp. This means there is a $20 Gift Certificate up for grabs for the winning card!
00 Intro
That is the same distance as the arena in Newark. This new information prompted another question: What makes the Atlantic Yards arena sufficiently different from the Newark arena that it will not require street closings?
The beginning of the path took us through a short section of rainforest before spilling onto a vast glacial plain laced with small streams. Sizeable boulders and rocks lay everywhere, ground up by the receding ice. At the far end lay the glacier itself, blue and white, pouring over a ridge and down into a steep valley. It looked much smaller than its European cousins such as the Mer Du Glacé at Mont Blanc, but I couldn’t see what lay above the ridge.
Beaune - Toulouse
(6) Best Fashion Kind of Stuff: Hooray for the return of sheath dresses – things that most women can wear successfully. I’m not really big on the sleeveless ones, but I’m thrilled otherwise. I’m also pleased to welcome back a more moderate denim – not skin-tight leggings or overly festooned jackets a la 1978, but just comfortable denim jeans, skirts and dresses.
Of utter and complete desperation.
17 - Taylor Swift - White Horses
Supernatural (WINNER)
Excerpt from “Between Worlds”.
Four hours away from College Station.
The Aurora school issued a statement saying it couldn’t discuss the case, but referred to a school board policy that defines sexual harassment as any unwelcome sexual advance. There is no age limit.
What a week! Our home has been a little stressy these past few days as Big Chuck's been going full tilt on some projects for work. Poor guy, he's pretty much chained to his laptop and has been walking around with a rather crazy look in his eye ;) I have become very proficient at editing science documents and working in Microsoft Word (cringe).
We hope you can join in the fun this month - you've got plenty of time! Feel free to play around with the sketch (flip it, rotate it, do whatever you want with it so long as we can see it in there somewhere!) You don't need to use TCM Stamps to play along with us, (however, if you do then you could win an additional prize of 15% coupon off an additional stamp set). One randomly selected entry will win the TCM stamp set of their choice!
This time I would like to share with you a few images regarding one of my several hobbies, as I feel an attraction for minerals, sometimes I like to entertain recycling some necklaces, I buy some other pieces to complement and start working, hope you like it.
Ya'll just need to grow the F up and get over yourselves. It's a blog. It's a perception of what you want others to see your life as. A blog is word smithed existence. And you're fighting over it? Really?
As a test the mag sent me one of their previously reviewed books to read and then I had to write a 250 word piece on it. The book was An Object of Beauty by Steve Martin - yes, that's the Steve Martin. It was one of those books that I'd possibly pick up in an airport shop and read the first page, only to put it down again knowing it wasn't for me. I'd read other people's reviews where they'd raved about it, but frankly, I was disappointed. I wrote what I thought was a balanced review, keeping it as objective as I could.
For example, note the similarity in Brooks’ description of the competitive path and zombies described in articles cited at ZombieLaw post on Social Media (part 2 of Zombie Education) Brooks writes:
This has been a REALLY intense few days.
Holden – just holdin’ together
Distillation can be done quite simply. It just needs a well constructed collection system or you will lose A LOT of water as steam escapes the distillation device. It also takes a lot of energy to distill water. It requires bringing water to a boil and keeping it there until you have collected enough distilled water. Distillation is the most expensive way to treat drinking water, due to the energy cost. This is why many coastal cities do not get their drinking water from the ocean. It only makes financial sense when the price of water can offset the cost of energy. There are solar distillation devices that are available and are a good option if you are in a hot sunny region. Solar distillation devices work better when they are small, however smaller devices produce less water.
Another time he was beaten by Muslims. Not just any Muslims he told me, Al Qaeda. In that same place another Christian was beheaded and more than twenty others had their legs and arms chopped off. They beat me very badly and I thought they could decapitate me as well. Then out came that big smile again. “Four churches.” Many Al Qaeda came to Christ also.
11/4 - Kegged the stout. Finished out at 1.016 and a bit cloudy, though the taste wasn't too bad. Maybe a little tart, though no off apparent flavors thankfully. Overall, this is not the beer I intended to brew. I had the worst stuck sparge of my life during the mash and my efficiency subsequently went down the tubes. Starting gravity was 1.050ish and with such a high final gravity, the ABV on this one is a measly 4.4%. I also ended up with a 5 gallon batch due to the stuck sparge issues, a full gallons more than I anticipated. At least, I had enough sense to go with a different bittering schedule, an oz of Fuggles for about 30 IBU. I'll let this beer condition around 45F for a week before I stick it in the kegerator for the full carbonation.
BBC Scotland is reporting:
During the first years I kept a low level, a little shy and timid, but later on I had several voluntary positions of trust; helping at funerals and weddings, served as an usher and youth leader, I was responsible for weekly local radio broadcasts and I was a facilitator for church services and prayer meetings and I had the function as a deacon (which was expressed with gratitude, many years later by one of the evangelists in the church). During my last two years as a member of the Pentecostal Church, I led Bible studies, where we read from the Old Testament. And now it’s getting interesting! I had by accident (or divine guidance?) during my time in the church become interested in Judaism and Israel. Of course, the congregation was very Israel-friendly, just like any evangelical Christian congregation. They often talked about Israel and Jews in our missionary meetings. There were talk about signs of the times that will turn out just before Jesus returns to retrieve the faithful to heaven, and Israel was and is an important sign of the times for Christians. Shortly, the Christian claim is that all Jews must gather to “Eretz Yisrael”, their homeland, before Jesus Christ the Messiah can return. But while the congregation prayed that all the Jews may return to Israel to hasten the coming of the Messiah, I prayed that I could be a part of the Jewish people!
It is a 100% Rapid-action solution for arthritis based on advanced deep penetration (transdermal) technology.
“The only one as I understand it who’s raising any question about whether or not I was qualified for my job is Scott Brown and I think I am qualified and frankly I’m a little shocked to hear anybody raise a question about whether or not I’m qualified to hold a job teaching,” she said, pushing to put Brown on defense. “What does he think it takes for a woman to be qualified?”
Go to your start menu and type ‘CMD’ into your ‘search programs and files’ search box. CMD is the abbreviation for command prompt. It is in this utility that that we will primarily be working. You can also get to this utility by typing cmd.exe or command.com into your ‘search programs and files’ search box.
Makes about 30 cupcakes
that I had posted. This card is pretty simple and just added teh circle frame and the scallop frame on one side. Hope you like it.
Most crime is conceived by morons and carried out with breathtaking stupidity. I actually heard, for instance, of some guys who had grown enough marijuana to fill a big rig. They didn’t want to haul it right away, so they hired a guy to watch it over night. The guy they hired was a crack head.
Freedom to learn what, how and when you want.
Over a thousand vendors, countless after parties, and two days of testing 2012-13 gear at Winter Park, it’s no wonder the snow sports industry was geeking out for the 2012 SIA Snow Show.
Luckily, they let us into the theatre at 8:45 to wait comfortably until 12:01 am. Thank goodness, because my feet were falling asleep and I am pretty sure the people sitting behind me were tired of looking at my bootie crack hanging out. I tried to keep it covered, but when you wear jeans and sit on the floor sometimes it's just unavoidable.
Personalize with your name or the name of the person to whom you'll be giving the mug using the "personalize it" feature. You can change the other text, too. You change the typeface and font color if you wish by clicking the "customize it" button.
It was U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, getting exactly what she needed, when she needed it! Scores of those leaked memos revealed US diplomats candidly despising Ben Ali and Mubarak and other Arab dictators they were forced to deal with. These revelations - secret, and hence credibly sincere - showed US envoys and apparatchiks expressing profound sympathy for oppressed people and holding their noses, forced by unpalatable circumstance to dicker with tyrants. Revealed precisely when the Arab Spring was brewing, those cables could not have been better timed to show youth in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and so on that "at worst America isn't our enemy... and maybe they're more with us than we thought."
“Wondering where your favorite menu and toolbar commands are located in Office 2010? You’ve come to the right place. What do you want to do? Use an interactive guide.”
Upon the release of my book, the twistedly talented, Avery Debow asked if I was going to change the name of my blog to One Word, One Rung, Right Effing Now and while that moniker does carry a confident straightforward tone I think I'll keep the name the same. Though I have tweaked the description with the title as I now have a new set of primary goals.
Meiko, the main character of solanin, finds herself in this rut, too. Recently graduated from college, she works in a boring office. Though she is technically an adult, she doesn’t seem to see herself that way, always referring to others as “adults” and “grownups” as if she isn’t part of that group. When she hits the end of her rope, she decides to just quit her job, and see where life takes her from there. This turns into a lot of her doing nothing, but she starts to ask other people the questions, “Are you happy?” “Are you satisfied with your life?” and finds out that no one really is, at least not all of the time.
Terry was the challenge leader this month and wanted cards/projects made based on quilt barns...HOW FUN!
Cider has been comparatively taxed lower than beer, for no good reason, and increasing cider taxes is perfectly fair and above board.
Hello, hello, hellooooooo! Lisa Sparkle here with this fortnight's challenge! Firstly I have to say thank you for all of your gorgeous pears and pairs, you are a talented bunch. We'll be back next week to announce the winner.
you as clever, gifted, or talented, but modest..! Not a person who
We sat close to these guys. They were funny. Boise lost the game, which was a big bummer. There is no reason why they shouldn't have won that game. The fans over there were super rude too. We got the bird a bunch of times .ha.ha. Oh, well. We still had a great time. We were pretty disappointed though. Like I said.......we should have won that game.
On the glass is the metal animal-man, which I learned from the gallerist was covered in paint and then imprinted on “skeleton of an animal man, tortured soul.” If we think about that light filtering through and that the animal man is imprinted, then glass is sort of like a camera -- light imprinting on paper. The tripod, in my mind, is then both the tripod that traditionally holds a camera or a painting easel.
One of the cool things about Smarty Pig is other people can contribute to your savings goal, to help you get there faster. Check out my SmartyPig widget in the link below and throw me a few dollars while you’re at it :)
God is good all the time. Let's celebrate!!
Those are the 2 phrases you would just utter throughout your stay!
Is osteoporosis caused by a lack of Fosamax? Is cancer caused by a lack of chemotherapy?
"It's a disgrace. We don't see ourselves as collaborators with the Israeli government over its West Bank policy. We don't remember artists boycotting other artists.
Adding, as it were, a few thoughts of mine own, this bed is a wondrous contrivance, a thing that might have in earlier times, been entrusted to Michelangelo... A blend of outrageous wealth and questionable taste.
Mix together eggs, applesauce, oil, sugars and vanilla. Add and mix in flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt and cinnamon. Next mix in the carrots.
9) Enter another one of my giveaways and tell me which one (1 entry per giveaway)
we'll be throwing a party for our 3 year old monkey soon.
Audiences
Some members kept the torch alive, though, and joined up to form the largely underrated Bloodsport. As the two main bits online about this band both mention, the band was really more famous for who the musicians played in prior to, and then after, Bloodsport (Effigies, Pegboy, Trial by Fire, Strike Under...). The history - while important - is not really relevant to the fact that their one and only record, the 7-song I Am The Game released on Homestead in 1985, is spectacular. It's as forward-looking as any Chicago punk record ever was, and it's a shame the band didn't carry on because it's blatantly obvious that there would have been even greater things to come based on these 7 tracks alone. The last track even features acoustic guitar!
Tensions between Macedonians and the Albanian minority spiraled after a rumour spread that the execution of five men near Skopje on April 12, might have been committed by ethnic Albanians. Police have said there is no evidence to support such claims.
She tears around another corner, and soon they reach her apartment building.
xo_is
Therefore there is a sign of less reverence or rather less caring. Instituting a means that would increase the likelihood of accidents involving the Eucharist communicates that the Eucharist is less important than the safer method – at least implicitly.
I have been M.I.A. recently. The same busy routine has been getting the better of me, along with the skyrocketing caseload at my office and trying to get all our ducks in a row for a pending Holiday Party.
It was soooo funny!
In the glove compartment
"Because of this decision we don't evaluate people by what they have or how they look. We looked at the Messiah that way once and got it all wrong, as you know. We certainly don't look at him that way anymore. Now we look inside, and what we see is that anyone united with the Messiah gets a fresh start, is created new. The old life is gone; a new life burgeons! Look at it! All this comes from the God who settled the relationship between us and him, and then called us to settle our relationships with each other. God put the world square with himself through the Messiah, giving the world a fresh start by offering forgiveness of sins. God has given us the task of telling everyone what he is doing. We're Christ's representatives. God uses us to persuade men and women to drop their differences and enter into God's work of making things right between them. We're speaking for Christ himself now: Become friends with God; he's already a friend with you." - 2 Corinthians 5:16-20, The Message
That's me! For some reason every time I try to start a diet I end up eating even MORE than I normally would. Feeling deprived does. not. work. for me. So my new plan is this: any time that I feel like I want to eat more than what I planned for my meal, I'm going to walk for 15 minutes on the treadmill, and then drink a big 'ole glass of water. It probably won't quench the craving, but it will at least distract me. And I guess my method will be lather, rinse, repeat until the next meal time. I haven't quite figured out the logistics.
SuperDewa
Based around classical streets built by Richard Grainger, a builder and developer, between 1835 and 1842, some of Newcastle upon Tyne's finest buildings and streets lie within the Grainger Town area of the City centre including Grainger Market, Theatre Royal, Grey Street, Grainger Street and Clayton Street. These buildings are predominately four storeys, with vertical dormers, domes, turrets and spikes.
Boo, now I have to wait 13 hours for the kiln to finish :(
Indians living in India have access to all kinds of spices and vegetables and their taste buds are used to eating Indian flavored dishes. Indians living abroad have access to most spices, but might not have access to all and if they have been born and raised abroad might not be used to the different flavors of Indian cuisine. Non-Indians might not have any of the spices and even though they like Indian food, they might find it a pain to stock up on the oh-so-many spices that most Indian dishes call for. On the other hand, if I post a recipe without the necessary spices, Indians who might cook from my blog will lose out on the flavor that these very spices hand to the dish- and then for them the particular dish won’t be the real thing.
How great the pain of searing loss,
When I am searching for something sweet,
repent n muhasabah diri for what i did.
Jenro tried to look back at his cousin, but he couldn’t.
The other day I bought a red cabbage from the supermarket, but didn't really know what to do with it as cabbage salad seemed so boring. Luckily it was Google to the rescue, and I ended up making a sweet and sour cabbage dish I found on Simply Recipes. I kind of eyeballed how much of the ingredients I wanted to use as I was only making a couple of servings, and I added a bit of garlic on advice from the comments section, but it turned out pretty nice!
India factor
For today's New Release at ODBD, we are not doing a "formal Blog Hop", but the team has all posted a card using the new sets and are linking each other in their posts. There are no secret words or letters to collect.
I just inked up only the word "valentine' and used the double vision technique. The stamped sentiments are from Marks Finest Papers-"love remains set".
“The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity; And shall cast them into a furnace of fire; there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.”
I think I liked it better when I could smell the leather industry down town or the farm across the street in the spring. I liked it when you could go to the dock and smell those diesel fuel boats filled with the day's catch. Progress is progress, I guess some of it is good. Smell all that fresh air.
Wednesday, February 16th
White oxford bodysuite, Moda International. Jeans, M. Paisley belt, Gap. Red pumps, X Appeal. Green satin headband, Icing. Gold coin earrings, Urban Nomad. Golden paillette necklace (doubled), Body Central.
“Eh? Well, the ignorant need room in which to risk their lives without bothering anybody else for a while. This here’s our own private pissing-pond. Never mind the soldiers of the walls; they’ll ignore us. Unless we drown. Then they’ll probably laugh.”
Prince Andrew, Duke of York, is the royal patron of the air show.
And now we're tucked in at my brother's for Thanksgiving week. The weather has gone from sunny and warm (shorts and sunblock) to grey and just chilly enough to enjoy a fire in the fireplace. It's a pleasant time of year to be here, and the South has its own special loveliness. Happy holidays, everyone!
I've included a couple more stills to whet your appetites.
I asked her what days off she had this week to see if I was even available, turns out Wednesday and Sunday, 'she thinks', are her days off. I inform her that the movie "Anonymous" (a movie we talked about the first time we hung out, it's about Shakespeare and stuff, pretty much porn for English majors and the like) is coming out this weekend and that I'd love to take her to it, but if she is busy I'd like to take her out on Wednesday instead.
By many measures we both counted as "public school success" stories (Joe was even Valedictorian). But neither of us thought that public school, or institutional education at all, was a necessary part of a fulfilling life. In fact, both of us felt that a certain amount of our time and effort in school had been wasted, and some of it had been downright counterproductive. The more we thought, read, and learned about learning, the more convinced we became that the default in this case (a very deeply conditioned and strongly reinforced default in our society) was not for our family. In fact, the more we learned, the more we gravitated toward the most radical kind of homeschooling, an approach known as unschooling. (Google that if you don't understand my use of it by the end of this essay, or if you want to know more about the wide variety of approaches homeschoolers use.)
They walked further and came to an open passageway perpendicular to the one they’d been following, and not quite as wide. That corridor vanished a long way off into darkness. As they stared down the black passageway with trepidations that none of them bothered to express out loud. Then, coming from the direction they’d been going originally, they heard a gravely voice yelling from the distance, echoing through the corridor.
Recept: Oh no, he's not here until tomorrow!
Like many children's hospitals, there are non-stop activities available for the patients at Dell, and the Child Life Specialists are amazing. But let's face it - at the end of the day, you're still in the hospital, and that stinks! Especially on birthdays, holidays, and other special days. To help spread some cheer and encouragement, St. Jude's (which is celebrating 50 years of finding cures and saving children) has set up a link for you to send e-cards to kids spending their Easter holiday in the hospital. It's free and takes just a few minutes - and you know these little bunnies are worth it. So, HOP to it, y'all!
Gift boxes are $12 each and will be available for pick-up on Monday, February 14th from 12-1pm. Please contact us to arrange a different pick-up time.
April 20 - Madelyn Pugh Davis, TV writer ("I Love Lucy"), 90
Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives (Joe)
It's the time for plan making: making plans.
It seems someone has told him that elections are underway in Europe and that his trial must be seen as a 'Far Right' trial - when in fact he was as much an enemy of the Far Right as the Zionists, as he repeatedly states in his manifesto.
3. Pour candy or popcorn on top of the styrofoam until it is completely covered.
This Christmas Eve, the family has voted that I make a more traditional German-Style Dinner. So, our menu includes
All the gods sat back in amusement
"I'm sorry! Can I do it online? (no intention of doing it online)"
Let me empower you with a word – no.
Are rustling in September's breeze.
I mention these two songs solely to illustrate where I see her strengths, something that is borne out on the album by ‘Thrash City,’ and ‘L.U.V.’ both of which echo the brashness and punk attitudes of X-RAY SPEX. But having already walked the ‘punk’ route, it may be regarded as a bit of a backward step to retread it.
Despite me leading from the front the rest of the Scottish Team did not fair as well and in the end we suffered another hefty defeat, but we had improved and some of the guys took points from what were bad match ups (something that is key to team play). So there were certainly positives for us to take away and build upon for round 3.
Yes, I will call it disordered eating. I call it that because so much of it is in my head. I eat when I don’t want the food that’s in front of me(or, as the case may be, in the office). Even if I don’t want it, don’t like it, I will eat it because it’s there. Some days, though less in the past couple of weeks, I would eat until I was full, then stuffed, then close to vomiting.
4. Police not even having any physical contact with protesters
One of the strangest experiences for any person living abroad must be visiting the doctor's office in his or her new country. Anyone who knows me knows that I have an irrational fear of doctors and will only visit one if I'm on my death bed. Thus, I have never done anything more than the required residency doctor visit (which takes place at a hospital). Until this week that is.
There is a school next door that is used for storage for various city functions. The city recently remodeled our downtown branch library and stored a ton of books there. Now that it's time to reopen, rather than relocate the books the city just tossed them into the dumpster. I'm probably going to show these pictures at a city hall meeting. They didn't even try to have a book sale or to recycle them either. Shameful waste.
David (3 years): David justified waking Mom and Dad very early one summer Saturday morning with, “It’s not dark anymore, and the birdies are singing.” (#18)
I’ve fond anticipation of a day
So when I read this article (nearly a year ago, now), I was not the least bit surprised. I'm just surprised it took this long (and that I didn't get the idea out there first). It is a brilliant idea, given the fact that kids grow out of things so quickly (many of the clothes that we received often still had the tags on them!). Although now it seems the website has gone silent. A Marketing Opportunity for the Brave Astronaut!
I am hesitant to do anything to the house considering the floor situation but decided not to let that hold me back. I don't want my dumb floors to ruin all my fun!
This is my most recent favorite T-shirt with Bert and Ernie. I love them!!
THERE IT WAS, the Bloody Red Hand of O'Neill. On every street corner.*
'Twill cure diseases of the mind. (5)
There is doubling here as in Suicide: where "you" there is also the narrator, and the narrator is also Levé, the unnamed narrator of The Loser is also Glenn Gould, Wertheimer and Thomas Bernhard. The three deaths involved are necessarily literary; fathomed from a distance: the one who writes fails to go under. Yet this failure is where Bernhard and Levé begin. Their works, very similar, very different, demonstrate the multiplicity of solutions bestowed by failure. In announcing their failure, both writers renounce it. Yes, it is very true that Bernhard's literary virtuosity is enough to drive living writers to give up, but he too chose voluntary death.
I'm not all ecstatic saying *He is Risen* because it doesn't make sense to me.
All Material Copyright @ Greggies Widow
The awesome silver brew kettle of Sudsooine emerges from a total
/unleashed/27306.html. Also in www.thuppahi.wordpress.com
We’re talking dogs that will eat anything. I mean anything. The piece de resistance is cat poop or retch. The older (aged) the better. These dogs wouldn’t even sniff the chips. What the heck are they made of, that my dogs just ignored. What the heck am I eating when I ingest the Sun chips? Are chips even made with biologic matter?
Fast forward many years. I got my own refrigerator and somehow, two children. Ok, I’m teasing about the last part, but I was ready to be a mom. And if you want to be a great mom and show your children that you love them, you hang their shit on the refrigerator. And I did. I remember my husband and I visiting some friends for the first time, and she didn’t have anything on the refrigerator. She had two boys. They were about the same age as my children. Where the hell is the baseball schedule or papers they colored in class? My God, you must be a terrible mother not to use your refrigerator as a trophy case. What the hell is wrong with you?
Trouble is, THEY apparently don't know either. Grrr.
“But it hasn’t been that long ago since I had it overhauled,” I said.
Last weekend would have been his 60th birthday. He died way too early, in 2001.
The anytime present Air-conditioned Mushroom, Blaze Flower, and Brilliant all return, forth with NSMB's Mini-Mushroom and three new power-ups: the Ballista Mushroom, the Ice Flower, and the Penguin Suit. The Ballista Augment gives Mario the adeptness to jump absolute top and alight slowly. The Ice Annual is in actuality what you'd expect: it's the adverse of a Blaze Annual in that with it Mario throws ice assurance which benumb enemies into blocks of ice. Ice assurance can about be added advantageous than fireballs because abounding enemies that are impervious to fireballs can be frozen, afresh shattered; and ice blocks can be acclimated as platforms in the water. Finally, the Penguin Suit gives Mario Ice Annual abilities added bigger absorption on ice and bigger pond controls.
And, as promised, I have chosen names from the list of commenters, using a random number generator. Five lucky folks will be receiving gifts from moi in thanks for your time and energy in sending me your thoughts about my clubs.
BBQ & Sides - October 12
Moran did a beautiful job of depicting the time and place for me, allowing me to create vivid and lucid pictures in my mind. Greed and power were desired just as much in ancient Egypt as it is in our society today. All the ladies in my book group loved this novel and is one of the only books that we all gave it the highest possible rating. With themes of love, power, royalty, this is a book that I highly recommend for both personal leisure and book club discussions.
My parents picked me up at 4:30 the next morning for our traditional Black Friday shopping. We went to Academy, Big Lots, Target, Kohls, Best Buy, and Barnes and Noble. I wasn't going for anything specific, but I did pretty well and got quite a bit crossed off my list. Between that and online shopping later in the day, I finished BubTar and got pretty close to being finished with KayTar, too! I took the best nap I've had in YEARS later in the day. It was glorious. KayTar started to get sick on Friday, too, probably thanks for Chuck E. Cheese...there is not enough Purell in the world to keep her well in that microbe convention.
- Local Buckwheat & Elderflower Honey
If you head on over now, there's a little post about Synonym Rolls and coming soon, multiplication!
It was horrifying! having everyone watch as I tried to fit as many bills as possible into that tiny capsule. Then once I sent it through, you should have seen the tellers face! First he took a glance at it when it came down, then quickly did a double take, his mouth falling open. He looked at me, then back at the tube. I was totally embarrassed, and apologized.
I missed a workout last night and now I feel like I’ve set myself back. I have tried to justify it in my head but none of it is working. No do over! I can not go back in time, I can however ensure that this does not happen again. When it comes to “workout guilt”, how exactly do you deal with it? Do you cave in under the pressure and try to squeeze a workout in, or are you able to shut your conscience up?
Heat oil in a large skillet and brown pork chops on both sides.
Written by Ben Hobson, PharmD candidate @ OSU College of Pharmacy
April 2011:
This capacity for self-delusion is seen in the U.S. State Department’s assertion that the war on terror is over as it shifts its attention to Asia. This is the same administration that renamed the war on terror an “overseas contingency operation.”
programme.
This last bit, of course, is not good news. So I lied: I ended up with more bad news. But there is hope as long as there is any good news to report amidst the reams of bad news — at least as it is perceived by those who worry about the planet we are supposed to care for.
But I digress. And it's not nice to imitate people. It is FUNNY, though.
This is changing. Ska recently began canning Mexican Logger, its summer seasonal, and distributing it widely. No longer will the lager be our little secret.
Items that were put out for the bulky trash pick up that is scheduled for this weekend. So just what is this bulky trash pick up you ask? What it is, is pure delight. Everyone in Sorrento gets to dispose of items they no longer want and are too bulky for a normal trash pick up. Most of the items kicked to the curb never actually get picked up by the garbage truck. It becomes more of a neighborhood swap and anyone is welcome to anything they can find in each other's bulky trash. The good stuff goes fast. Like this painting we spotted tonight. It's not quite finished though, but I was instantly drawn to it and immediately recognized the spot in Sorrento where it was painted.
of my necessary room, coming up later this week.
I enjoyed this book, though I did think it was a tad weird. It’s about this senior, Donna, whose mom is pressuring her to do things how she wants them. Donna resists and instead searches for what she wants out of life. She finds her passion in a funeral home, putting makeup on dead people, as the title says. Throughout the story there is fighting with her mom about everything. In the end acceptance does occur even with their separate ideas on how they should live their lives. I really liked this book and do recommend it, although I felt the ending left some things unfinished which annoyed me a little bit; but the ending wasn’t so bad that it felt unfinished.
Love Enigma
On July 9, 2011, I did something for my country. Now it’s your turn. Register as a voter and vote. Vote for whomever you feel is worthy of your trust for your future and the future of your next generation, and vote for your country. Come back home, if you’re away, and cast your ballot, and get your neighbours, your friends and strangers around you to register and vote.
~Share a direct link to your creation, not just your blog, using the Linky Tools feature at the end of this post. If Linky Tools is down, please add a link with your comment.
Anyway, in an effort to cover myself, I always threw in an “I lied” because I almost certainly had lied even if I couldn’t remember the specifics. Once I said, “I stole” just to see the reaction, but nothing happened. After that particular Confession I realized I had actually lied in Confession! I wondered if I’d said the standard “I lied” before or after the “I stole.” This was confusing business.
I remember my daddy telling me years ago that he prayed that God would bring me a man that loves me as much as he does. Thank you, Lord, for sending that man to me! Manning and I are extremely blessed to be able to call him ours.
Moody nodded as she rose and saw the sheriff to the door. Watching him back out, she thought she saw him wipe the side of his face like one would wipe away a tear. Well, it was either a tear or sweat from this horrible, horrible, heat.
I found this book in Phnom Penh, Cambodia. Unlikely place, yes, but I was doing a travellogue and on one of those days after my shoot, I ventured into a second-hand bookstore and found this for $5. I have read Marian Keyes before (don't ask me what that book was about. I hardly remember book content months after reading it, except for "The Notebook" by Nicholas Sparks), and since I had no book with me at the time (I must always have a book with me when I travel), why not?
we went to the potato museum! i had never been there, so we were excited to get some free hash browns. but you were the only one that actually got them, because you weren't from blackfoot.
There's a lot to be said for short and sweet, but this is too short to do the job.
Do posh women make posh noises when they are having sex?
accepting myself.
Quote: “Animals are crapping in our houses and we’re picking it up! Did we lose a war? That’s not America! That’s not even Mexico!”
She leaves there quietly and returns her way, still Anaru keeps talking on the phone.
Pour dressing over the top and toss well
And watch your tone.
The Dilbert guy!
Okay. *takes breath*
I highly recommend that you click over and check out the miniature cupcake toppers that Risa at Baked Perfection used for her sugar cookie cupcakes. So adorable!
Wednesday, October 10th–I was sick.
The Doctor gets cross with her and asks River to reveal her identity to him. River tells him, “I am” and puts his hand onto his baby crib that he’s brought out of the TARDIS to give to Amy and Rory for Melody. It’s a really, really well done scene between Matt Smith and Alex Kingston and Kingston really gets across River’s pain and fear and then happiness at finally having this secret revealed. She never says, “I’m Melody” to the Doctor because she doesn’t have to. The news confuses the Doctor as he tries to reconcile his relationship with River in the context of her being Amy’s baby, but then inspires him to go after Baby Melody.
But before anyone gets too starry-eyed about this proposition, remember that we are dealing with George Lucas. In interviews, he comes across as a pleasant enough fellow but he's also a billionaire builder of empires -- both real and fantasy. He's probably a bit of a control freak when it comes to buildings that will bear his name -- as billionaire empire builders probably tend to be. He certainly has strong viewpoints on design and aesthetics. He largely succeeded in the global entertainment industry because he has been able to get the masses to buy into his vision of imagined worlds.
These however, are just my reasons for liking GLaDOS as a character and villian, and I won’t go so far as to impress them upon others.
Wrists (bind): On a successful attack by a whipwhirl to bind an opponent’s wrist, there is a possibility the victim will “fumble” and drop anything it might be holding in its hands. The base chance of a fumble from a whipwhirl wrist attack is 100%, minus 5% per point of dexterity of the affected target (e.g., a character with a dexterity of 18 would have a 10% chance of fumbling on this type of attack.)
For my last card I used the wonderful Let It Snow set, which I have had my eye on for a long time. Anyone who knows me knows that I LOVE snowmen. This is an amazing set with tremendous versatility and, did I mention fun?
Peter: Yes, but it’s not the “Riceboy(Sleeps)” thing. That’s a strictly ambient record that they made by themselves and comes out pretty soon.
Junior Murvin & Dillinger - Roots Train
Yikes. Many of the inquisitors' tortures tended to put stress on one's intestines, and they attacked such organs from both ends. Very sick and cruel people. Like I often say, "never trust a sadist". People don't listen.
So far, a lot of people with a lot of questions and a desire to get the Telecos, Multimedia companies, the public, the government, etc. to help them. It also seems people want a technological/legislative silver bullet to make the genie go back in the bottle.
Answer all questions – Each question carries 4 marks
It hurts to even write this it’s so fricken idiotic.
I will say that people seem to be getting their news about books, and the authors they love, on other sites such as Facebook, and Twitter. The problem I am having with all this is that I can only post tidbits there. I cannot get very verbose in 140 characters. I do, however participate in these sites as well.
I ask you how many times will you pick me up when I keep on letting you down
Grind the shrimp in a food processor to a coarse consistency. Add the potato and onion and pulse just to combine. Transfer to a medium bowl. Stir in the green onions. Fold in the flour and eggs, add the salt & pepper. Heat 2 inches of oil in a deep skillet over medium heat until it reaches 375 degrees. Working in batches, drop the shrimp mixture by the spoonful into the oil. Fry the shrimp cakes until golden brown. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Season with salt & pepper and serve hot.
Yes, it is truly a collection of Zelda goodies worth perusing. Malo Mart employees would be jealous of this online store. Prices are pretty sweet, too. Below are a couple of my faves.
I’ve prepared a short video showing some key plays in our previous game against Vanderbilt made by players other than A.J. Green. And let me go ahead and apologize for the lack of tight end action. Wait. Can I type that out loud? What I mean is, I’d already edited the video to approximately sync up with the music and then realized that I’d left out Mr. White and Mr. Charles. Rest assured, it’s due to my own oversight rather than any lack of playmaking on their part.
We change every minute.
When I picked up the reams of foolscap sheets presented to me by my dad (dad had searched long and hard in Bangalore to get these lined foolscap sheets, I had just casually mentioned to him that I was missing my usual paper as the stationary shops near our house had all closed down). I was thrilled. Nothing like visiting old times. Yesterday, the first day of the week I started writing the rough outline of the first book of my Middle Grade Paranormal Trilogy. I am rewriting the first book, keeping just few scenes from the original draft.
HEROMAN shakes his head.
Your 6 Month old Stats
I'm still alive! Sorry I've been so MIA lately the holidays were CRAZY!
That's just part of the current Stranded Lifestyle that's between two rivers. With any luck we might be seeing a change soon. But not after another network upgrade and a major vendor application upgrade the weekend of the 12th. That one involves the traditional 30+ hour stretch of work that I'm looking forward to experience again.
Holidays are hard like that. We try to have the perfect Christmas, or Hanukkah, or New Year. We build up our expectations, or we look around at what others have, and what others are doing. We are told that this is a time of rejoicing...and any feelings that seem less than joyous are put aside, judged, or squashed down. Mixed emotions at the holidays are never quite as accepted as they are during any other time of year, no matter how normal it is to experience grief, loss, disappointment, or longing. We judge ourselves for not feeling what we think we should feel... and it is there that the space between widens even more.
Last night, The Voice was on. I don’t know if it’s the combination of Blake Shelton and Adam Levine that draws me in, but I love that show. Those two coaches are an added bonus. But really, the contestants can sing. They have real, lasting talent and most of them have the “it” factor. These people are superstars in the making. I’m really enjoying Juliet Simms and Tony Lucca. And yes, I have downloaded a few songs from the show. I’m just really pleased with this season and decided to spread the word. I also love Glee and New Girl. But, they were both sad last night and what’s up with that? I like the quirkiness of the two shows and the understated humor and that’s what I want, not tears. Come on shows, get funny!
He leaves home and places his servants in charge,
Witty, light and packed with information -- The Sunday Herald
Adirondack Dye Inks - Pink Sherbet
I like your clothes
“Yeah. A few beers for sure,” answered Jeff. I almost asked if he wanted us to come by later to help him drown his sorrows. He seemed like a loner who could use some drinking buddies. But, I didn’t.
Phreak: Really? I think this is more serious than that.
Lord, teach us how to pray!”
I consulted various wedding vendor directories for my area, and frantically sent out emails/inquiry forms to about a dozen, hoping that they would be available on my date! After sending out the S.O.S.'s, I sat back on the couch for a moment of respite. About 20 minutes later, my phone rang. It was one of the bakers, returning my inquiry...talk about a quick response! She was very sweet on the phone, and we set up a meeting for later on in the week.
Have a great St. Patrick's Day weekend, everyone!
Here's the lineup they have so far for the annual Yard Dog shindig:
we may be getting an adlut~~~~♥♥ I hope !
LIFE PATH 3
After 17 years of doing something you have to look yourself in the mirror and ask why you’re doing this. It becomes a question of passion and purpose. Anybody can do anything based on passion – it can lead to many a great thing. But passion also has the ability to blind people – especially when it’s connected to the endorphin-releasing act of making crowds laugh. But purpose is what holds anything together, regardless of the purpose. It can be as simple as feeding my family, making car payments – whatever. But if there is no purpose – then why am I doing it. And that basically became the point. I wanted to focus my purpose on something that mattered. Do I have the passion to make people laugh – everyday. And I do that every day. I don’t need a venue to write a joke, crack a joke or see someone smile – and I don’t have to put up with someone’s bullshit in terms of stage time, booking gigs, etc.
Taurog hasn't made it into any of the history books, but his was a long
-Now that I have the kitchen done, my next mission is the hall bathroom, my bathroom and my bedroom. All need new paint. Am I getting paid? No. Fuck that. Someone should be paying me!
Caroline Lawrence writes:
We ran through the vast Hop Valley pasture with strong winds in our faces and soft sand at our feet. This was the low point for me. Conditions would worsen, the temperature would drop and my fingers would go numb, but that wind and the sand and such a seemingly long way to go was tough on my spirit. As I was feeling sorry for myself, I thought of all the trip reports I had read, the report from Dakota Jones (who had crossed in beautiful weather the previous weekend), Karl Meltzer, Matt Hart, Andrew Skurka...they all make it sound so easy. Seemingly the hardest thing Dakota had to deal with was slowing down enough to enjoy a 3 Musketeers bar. But they are elite, and I am not. Then we began to climb.
Now Drake, with the revulsion of a father with daughters of his own, knows what Roger Balfour must have said, the only thing that could have caused events to turn out as they did. I can prove it, he says, now.
Not at my mother's house, I told them. We're a different department, it's not our job... oh yes. A bit of argument, and one of the neighbours came out to ask how long it would be before she could have heat? given that it was over 24 hours.
Something has always felt slightly off in Meghan's life, ever since her father disappeared before her eyes when she was six. She has never quite fit in at school…or at home.
Matt Simmons knows oil. His 'Twilight in the Desert' is one of the best books on the topic, highly recommended. Simmons also knows finance; he’s, after all, an oil banker. And he insists that both the Gulf spill is in fact much worse than BP and the White House are willing to admit, and that BP's liability commitments will bankrupt it within weeks. While there will always be the notion that Simmons says what he does in order to turn a profit, I personally lend quite a bit of weight to what he's been saying since the spill started. Simmons is one of the few voices left in the drama worth listening to.
25. My own
I’ll wait for you to stop groaning.
Happy Saturday friends!
I also did a show last fall that was terrible -- it was a 3 day show, the fees were high and they indicated that jurying would take place at the show (those who passed would be offered an application for the next year). It sounded for all the world like everything at the show would be handmade -- it wasn't. There was a ton of "buy/sell", especially a lot of imported, cheap junk. A flea market is a lousy venue for me -- and this show was the most expensive flea market I'll ever do -- you can bet I won't get burned again. At this same show, which was an outdoor event with about 300 vendors and located in streets closed off to vehicle traffic, about 15 of us were put on a street that was a block away from the rest of the show, across a busy highway. We only got a fraction of the foot traffic. One of more irritating aspects of this was the number of empty spaces in the main area of the show -- we easily could have been located where the customers were. At the end of day 1, one of my neighbor vendors spoke to a show organizer suggesting some changes, only to be arbitrarily dismissed. It appeared that once they had our booth fee, they really didn't care whether we were successful or not. Of the 8 vendors we talked to, 7 stated that they wouldn't be back next year -- the one who would was from that town but intended to ask for a different booth space.
It knows unconditional love.
We hope you'll go over and play along for a chance to win a Tickled Pink Stamps prize.
Speakers will include:
Because I knew there was frustration in the group surrounding this issue, I decided to email the hostess and let her know that I was upset with the situation and that I though she handled it poorly. I emailed her apart from the rest of the group so she would not feel like everyone was ganging up on her.
You want to fling them away.
Clear Channel Los Angeles and KFI responded with the following: We “support the LA City Council resolution regarding the need for diversity of personnel, inclusionary programming, and appropriate on-air language across all media.”
**The author will donate all profits from the sale of the JUST BREATHE trilogy to whale education.
The question therefore (which became smaller and smaller as weeks became months became years) was should we get rid of it, move it, keep it where it was. I thought of it as not ours, not us, but a foreign deity imposed by a departed dentist and his jurisprudent partner; Moira thought of it as quite nice really.
To be with him is the only essential
This is one HUMUNGOUS (2.15 miles walking trail around the complex!) area dedicated to sports--with families in mind. Beyond the I-don't-know-how-many-but-lots-and-lots of sports fields, there are three playgrounds, public bathrooms (that aren't too gross), snack bars selling M&Ms for 50 cents and mediocre caffé lattes for $1.50 (and really, that does tell you a little about Pleasanton, that we would even attempt to sell designer coffees out of the snack shack at little league games!)
07. Shiner
Clive: ‘Many thanks to all the people who have come and supported these events. It has been a lot of fun, and has proved that this is a viable method to raise support for these musicals.’
In other news, while I haven't been able to post, I HAVE been able to get some reading done. Which is a nice change, since even finding time to read is hard these days since I'm so exhausted when I get home from work. Too many books, too little time and all that.
ISBN-10: 0736928820
Then a month or so ago, our pastor used the same phrase in one of his sermons, referring to God’s creation, man, as an icon of God. That confirmed that I needed to share some of my thoughts about this idea.
Sending Nude Pictures:
Zara black leggings
“It paints a bleak picture about what’s going on with accountability and prosecutors,” said Cookie Ridolfi, founder of the Northern California Innocence Project, who researched misconduct data in Texas and other states. ...In Texas, Ridolfi said, she found only one instance in which a prosecutor was publicly disciplined, and it took place before the time period her group studied. Terry McEachern, who prosecuted the infamous Tulia drug cases in which black defendants were convicted of drug charges concocted by a rogue investigator, received a two-year probated suspension of his law license in 2005 and a $6,225 fine.The McEachern case is certainly the only example I know of where a prosecutor has been disciplined by the state bar since I've been paying attention to such things (the actions that led to his probated suspension took place well before the study period), so I'm not surprised this research turned up no others. Those 91 cases, too, are just a sample identified from 2004-2008, Grits was told by one the study's collaborators, and not a comprehensive list. As Prof. Laurin pointed out, the research "explores documented court findings of prosecutorial error and there are many ways in which documented court findings, to the extent they’re publicly available, are not great ways of getting at ... how widespread of a problem there is." Still, it's notable if unsurprising that the state bar took action in none of the 91 cases identified during the period studied.
Level 17: MP Cost: 14, Duration: 170 seconds.
The matter dates back to allegations that he forced his now ex-wife Vicky Pryce to accept penalty points for a speeding offence on his behalf to dodge a ban in 2003.
End of the first day, half with Richard and half with John La Valle – two very different styles but I defy anyone NOT to learn something from either of them – and my head is buzzing with ideas and new opportunities. I can see so many applications from using it in my personal relationships to communicating in business and sales meetings and I already think this has been the most useful training day I have ever had!
Serve with your favorite garnishes. I used Fat Free Sour Cream, Mexican cheese blend, diced onion and diced green onions. Oh my god, it was so good.
After the typical pre-race pit stop, runners gather in the starting corrals and they sent us off promptly at 6:45 a.m. The race starts with a nice downhill to get the blood flowing, and runners wind through redwood forests and along slight rolling hills for the first few miles.
The ESB is a little stronger than desired, but really delish. Did I just say delish? Holy shit, I'm either watching way too much "Rachel Rae," or I'm becoming a snobby homebrewing flamer! Well, lets just say that the ESB is "really drinkable and tasty."
Wow! Awesome!
“Though there are no chairs or tables in our library, and only a ragged carpet on a cement floor, the children line up outside, waiting anxiously for me to open every afternoon, excited to look through and read, yet again, the same book they read yesterday.
Fun fact: Why are fairies allergic to iron? Because they’re from the Stone Age. Duh.
I love pumpkins. The color is so yummy and the carving is too much fun. When I saw these adorable photos of my grandchildren at a pumpkin patch I knew that I just had to share. Eve, the one dressed like a pumpkin, is celebrating her 1st birthday at the pumpkin patch. Her cousins Sylvie (almost 5), Benjamin (almost 2) and Dylan (8 months) all got up on top of the pumpkin pile and had a good old time.
One minute we were together
The rules are simple. Just come up with an original opening line for a novel, one that will immediately pull the reader into the story and not let go. Now you may ask, "How can I write an opening line when I don't know what the story is about?" My answer to that is it doesn't matter. I would like to see what you can come up with. It can be serious, funny, or totally off the wall crazy, but it needs to be yours, not snagged from the work of anyone else, and it has to garner a G or PG rating.
6. Brush the rolls with the beaten egg, then sprinkle a few sesame seeds over top. Bake 25-30 minutes, until light brown.
"...This tale is EPIC! This is the final chapter to a grand series with all of the tales in it at four-hundred plus pages. There are several worlds with different races (former enemies of the elves, the humans, or the sorcerers) coming together to battle a great evil. This series has over a dozen significant characters coming together from several of the previous tales to unite in love and mutual respect to recreate a great battle in Ilia; hopefully this time all of the characters reminiscent of the past battle will prevail, stop several curses, and eliminate a god...I would recommend it for the young or not so young dragon or harpie slayer. Slay on, Celina Summers, I will be watching for you to produce the next Harry Potter, because you have the killer writer gene!"
So for all those looking for “reasons” why Bolt lost perhaps you’re looking at the wrong person and the wrong reasons. It may not be all about Bolt and whether or not he wanted or didn’t want to win – sounds rather ridiculous to even say. Yes he was injured earlier, but has since run 9.86 and 9.82 and defeated Asafa Powell who has also run 9.82 this season. And Tyson Gay has had injury ills of his own this season (and last). But then, to get a race full of athletes that are all 100% on any given day is somewhat of a fallacy. Charlie Greene took to the starting line of the 100 in Mexico City with a hamstring issue. Ditto Tommie Smith in the 200. Jim Hines beat Charlie Greene, Tommie Smith won gold in a WR. Calvin Smith was injured at the Trials in ‘84, Carl Lewis went on to double gold. Mo Greene pulled up during the race in Edmonton yet held off Tim Montgomery for the win. Tyson Gay took to the starting line in Berlin having nursed a groin all season – lost to Bolt, defeated Powell. When you line up only track nerds like me remember what your condition was, history simply writes down the results – wins, losses and times.
then kick the mutt with your Ferragamos
They were “not a major part of his life,” his wife Mandy agrees.
Abracadabra, smoke and mirrors!
Step up, I told you. Play your part, I said. Buy a ticket, I urged.
O my friend you are dead
Our efforts won’t be without opposition, but they will certainly have the strong support and enablement of our God (1 Peter 3:13-18).
Malaysian police fire teargas and water cannon as crowds of protesters demanding electoral reforms surge into a central square in Kuala Lumpur
We must do what feels right in each moment without worry about what others will think about you. And we must not judge others for living their lives differently than ours. Did you hear that? This is important. Again . . . Judgment and spiritual arrogance has no place in these times. There are reasons why we are living the way we are living. The way we live our life now might be very different than from a couple of years ago.
I just got out of the nut house today. I went in July 20th. On July 19th (the day my sister died 8 yrs ago) I took 90 Clonazepam, 30 Ambien, about 40 Percocets. I passed out before I finished the suicide note. The next morning my parents woke, and I woke up just natuarlly. Fuck I have a high tolerance. Since I used my dad's pills to try and kill myself, I had to admit that I attempted suicide. I felt fine though so I refused to go to the hospital. Then my mom goes and calls the police.
(6) This gnostic teacher (author of the Gospel of Philip) criticizes those who mistake religious language for a literal language, professing faith in God, in Christ, in the ressurrection or the church, as f these were all “things” external to themselves.
I invented this after RF won the whole HBFFL enchilada last year: one line goes to the game, and another other goes to the TV. Then you plug in an ant. (That plug doesn’t really do anything ... I just hate ants.)
V France
You’ll need a good companion now for this part of the ride
"Look Mom, rabbit poop! I bet it is from the Easter Bunny!"
And He uses it in the perfect tense. This means that the action will no longer be repeated. Sacrifice will no longer need to be made. It is done. This is why the veil of the temple was torn from top to bottom when Jesus died. We were no longer shut out from the Lord’s presence. There would be no more “in and out” by the high priest year after year. Now, all people have open access.
When you pour your soul onto the page in a deep and genuine way, your life and the lives of others transform. This is the reason I write - to cause transformation in the world - to share what it is to be human - to embrace my life and the lives of others - to generate authenticity within myself and those around me. The possibility of doing this is bigger than the cosmos, brighter than the sun, deeper than the ocean, and sweeter than a newborn (well, maybe not sweeter than a newborn - this is me and my niece, Devyn, in October of 2009 - what could be sweeter than a precious new baby?). The possibility of creating something that touches others is the reason we are alive. It is an honor and a privilege and the "job" of all artists.
Like the Geek Squad, Jake too was attending the event. Jake however was also presenting at the congress. With me he shared the story he’d be sharing the next day, the story of the lasting legacy of residential schools in the North. Jake paused, asked me if I understood about residential schools. It was important to Jake that I understood. He shared that what many people fail to understand, that when residential schools were closed, and in the north that wasn’t too long ago, there were few if any financial or educational supports in place for First Nations people. He shared about the results the lack of supports have had on his community. He shared about the challenges, specifically access to educational services and systemic racism, which continue to affect First Nations people, his home community, his family and him.
624200 Community food & housing, & emergency & other relief services
A point that may have slid past some of my Jewish readers is that Jesus did a very good job of rooting his teachings in the Torah. He quoted it repeatedly and insisted that he did not question it. He was a good Israelite of his times and his adaptation of the traditional teachings provided a good foundation for what later became known as Christianity to be likewise rooted. Which is why the Hebrew scriptures are an important part of Christianity to this day.
33 THE world's oil reserves could be exhausted by 2040.
Times were different back then, and at the age of 16 Brandon had nearly a full beard so he rarely had trouble purchasing the pack of smokes his mom demanded he fetch to her. Matter of fact the hardest part was scrounging enough dime and quarters around the house but once he had sufficient cash the salesclerks at the convenience stores rarely questioned Brandon. Of course they should have known he was buying the smokes for his mom. No self-respecting teenage boy would buy Virginia Slims over Camels or Marlboros.
Some people haven’t stepped on a scale since Laverne & Shirley played prime time. And that’s a good thing. For our purposes, you don’t need to know how much you weigh (but if you want to check your progress on this program, then go ahead and peek). All you need is a tape measure. Measure the circumference of your waist at the point of your belly button, and record the score here. (Depending on how your weight is distributed, you may need to make an adjustment to where you place the tape. If you’re obese, keep the tape measure parallel to the floor during measurement.)
You shall speak to him, saying, ‘Thus says the Lord: “Have you murdered and also taken possession?” ’ And you shall speak to him, saying, ‘Thus says the Lord: “In the place where dogs licked the blood of Naboth, dogs shall lick your blood, even yours.” ’”
I'm back to being able to do the bare minimum, but I've been able to maintain things a little better than before. The house is clean; the dishes are done and the bathroom is spotless. We have clean laundry and clean hair.
My artistic style is influenced by tribal art, archeology, ethnography, nature, life, death, folk beliefs... All these influences show in the different media I use, be it photography, sculpture and jewelry.
Jackson also listen in to the history tapes, read alouds and geograpy lessons that I do with the older children a couple of times a week. It looks like a lot of work, but with everything organized it only takes a minute to set things out for him to work on. Some he can do independently while I work on laundry or activities with Caedmon. Finally, we are making great strides and we are all so excited to see him learning so much.
but these standards only pertain to those members of the industry who hold the CMP (Certified Meeting Professional) designation which the CIC oversees.
Spooky Riddles
And now they are seeing dividends.
I know it's been quite awhile since my last post...but little Miss Kalia is keeping me quite the zombie these days. I think I've been on the computer a handful of times since we've gotten home.
“Bankers own the earth; take it away from them but leave them with the power to create credit; and, with a flick of a pen, they will create enough money to buy it back again… If you want to be slaves of bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery, then let the bankers control money and control credit.” – Sir Josiah Stamp, Director, Bank of England, 1940.
It took me six months before I found my way into that story. But always, when I looked at that page, I was reminded of how I felt when I wrote those words. It wasn't so much the items themselves, but putting them together to try and create a magical story that would make a reader feel like he/she had been swept away to different time and place. A place where things are bleak, but a glimmer of hope seems to be around every corner. And a place where story elements are woven together in such a way that by the end, you look back at the journey you took with wonder and delight. I don't know if I accomplished all of those things. But I tried. Because of the story I'd read that inspired me, I really tried. I'm happy to say that the middle grade novel I ended up writing sold to Henry Holt recently (it's untitled at the moment).
You may eventually win, and even win your attorney fees… but you will lose the use of that money until the lawsuit is completed.
01 In A Sweat (Empty Bottle, Chicago 21.4.2003)
这
And that's why I WRITE!
Today marks the beginning of a new era for me. I am uncertain what the days ahead hold, and I don’t know how to respond to the changes.
As an added bonus, as he gets older he finds more and more flaws with Clarence and Santa. He’s using his own critical thinking skills to think for himself and to decide for himself if these stories really make sense. Which is probably one of the most important things I want him to take into his adulthood: The ability to critically think and to decide for himself, with reason and logic, what to believe. I don’t want him to just blindly follow my beliefs any more than I want him to blindly follow a Pope.
But oh what a wonderful break we had. T-Bone stayed with las ninas while I brought home the bacon on Wednesday. Thursday, we had the perfect Thanksgiving dinner for four, and Friday was Operation Decoration/OMG-we-have-a lot-of-ornaments-palooza. I ran out of steam before I got to the tippy tip top of the tree, but I’ll throw something up there before this weekend. Everything else inside was already done, and Sunday, T-Bone and I tried to do the outside stuff until the galeforce winds finally got the better of us. But I’m not giving up – there WILL be light.
Callapidder Days (Katrina won the Bluebird Blogs free design contest and it's just been installed. It looks great!)
I am always amazed at the projects that Candace makes and am thrilled and honored that she is joining us today!
Lesson 1 focused on your story, lesson 2 dealt with what you believe.
The second secret taco I ordered revealed itself to be chicken liver, this time dressed with a trail of popcorn tempura, nubbins of sweet corn dipped in batter and deep-fried. Popcorn tempura should be a snack on its own. I could have eaten a bowlful.
Pdf of photo: Notice, Appreciate: Cloud and Sunshine (large file, may be slow to open) This photo is really pretty printed onto a transparency and hung in a sunny window.
somewhere over the belly
you will often sit in wonder of this cantankerous doctor. You will love him one day and
Yet, this is how we can sum up the elections of May 6, 2012.
Many people new to first person reenacting think that they have to know “everything about everything” when creating a persona, every battle, every politician, every tool etc. The truth is, if it's not something that you'd care to know about in the modern world, why would your historic self want to know it in their time? I can relate the recipe for a double chocolate mocha brownies by heart, but heck if I know the name of my senator; my historic self is no different!
Today I am a child to the king~ precious, loved, forgiven, healed, whole.
1 blame
Day Four: Drive to Sacramento – lunch on the Capitol (potential Governor visit); on to Napa, dinner at Stag’s Leap cave
On Saturday I ran (with a slight bit of walking thrown in) 5.2 miles in a St. Patrick's Day Beerun while suffering from some serious pollen allergies.
Littler Mendelson, a San Francisco-based employment law firm with 49 offices nationwide, predicts that in 2010 half of previously eliminated positions filled will be filled by contingent workers—such as independent contractors, freelancers, and temp workers—accounting for as much as 25% of the work force nationwide— based on client interviews and a survey conducted by a staffing analysis firm.
On the other hand, if the developer already has much of the land paid for, well, the portion of the loan covering the $45.1 million for the land value might be gravy.
These peppers are steamed before stuffing and baking, which creates a soft, sweet pepper that simply melts in your mouth. The smooth, creamy meat and rice filling is contrasted nicely with a crunchy topping of bread crumbs and cheese. Paired with a salad draped in roasted red pepper dressing, you have a healthy and flavorful meal, a well-matched competitor for that slice of chocolate cake.
Three-Twelve opened her eyes and found herself staring at the ceiling. She could feel the wide smile on her face, her cheeks almost hurting with the vociferousness with which she wore it.
Speaking of which, a funny episode happened to me a few weeks ago. As you must have noticed I give my clothes a certain importance, due to the aesthetic pleasure and or sentimental feeling they provide still quite mysteriously some vanish from my mind and even sometimes from my closet too!
Channel No. 5? Makes me wonder that smells like. The English Channel? Salty, perhaps a bit fishy, perhaps a tinge of pollution? Maybe it’s a clean scent — after all, what do I know about the English Channel. Or perhaps it’s the smell of a television channel, though I’m not sure what that would smell like. Or perhaps it’s the smell of a gutter or a conduit. Not quite the feeling he wanted to portray! And if I hadn’t been so taken with the idea of Channel Number 5, I might have learned who the kidnapper was.
Sew up the final side, and voila! New shoe desiccant! Again, if it gets full of moisture (it should take awhile, silica gel can hold up to 30% of it’s own weight), stick it in the oven on low, or out in the sunlight and it will dry up again, ready for the next!
Line a 4 1/2 by 8 1/2 inch loaf pan with parchment paper leaving an overhang on each side. Prepare a large bowl of ice water, set aside. In a medium saucepan, combine the coconut milk and the sweetened condensed milk together and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat and cook at a rapid simmer until the mixture starts to thicken, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the salt & lime zest. Place saucepan over the bowl of ice water and stir the mixture until it's cool, about 5 minutes.
In the blazing horizon
It was properly actually hot today. Even the smallest bars suddenly had tables and chairs outside, like early blossoms. My afternoon park (Cinquantenaire) was full of frisbee-ers, tightrope-walkers, and lots of normal people too.
2. The bullies. Bullies use their words to try to manipulate and control people, but often their bluff can be called. They are the type that may say, “If you do not change my child’s grades I will sue you.” My response to a person like this is usually, “Do what you feel you have to do.” Of course, they rarely follow through, and they also lose their credibility because there is little follow through. In a play I was in an actor gave the director an ultimatum: “change my choreography, or I will quit.” The director then said, “we will miss you!” The actor was left shocked and astonished…. he had not really meant to quit, but had not thought through the consequences of his threat and he was shocked to find himself no longer in the production.
(standing on scale) "Are you serious!? I've been dieting all day and I haven't lost a pound!?"
Let Me Down
But let me ask you – not as writers or readers but as plain citizens, as ordinary Indians – Where is this liberty today? Yes, the liberty of faith and worship are alive and kicking, but what about the liberty of thought, expression and belief, those liberties that equally make us what we are and give expression, insight and dignity to our lives? We are opening our gathering here on Republic Day a mere two days after another gathering – based like ours on the word and the freedom of the word, on the mind and the freedom of the mind, on the heart and the freedom of the heart – ended with a disgraceful exhibition of the suppression of the word, the suppression of the mind, the suppression of the heart.
How does one do it on the imported side of the ledger when it isn’t always possible to get Indiana wholesalers and importers on the same page?
She said the two should have disclosed their ties with Umno even if they were no longer members of the party. “The least they could have done was to disclose the information on the EC’s website.”
So the ‘groundwork’ for possible further revelations about criminal activities of ‘the family’ was already there, giving Mabel Wisse Smit an easy ride. In an horrendous –and still widely debated- epilogue to this chapter of Dutch royal history, the politician that broke the news of the criminal role of her majesties counsel, Maarten van Traa, died in a car accident shortly after the revelations that is till this day shrouded in clouds and mysteries.
As well as books to look forwards to (ahem, do you notice the Choc Lit catalogue for the London Book Fair nonchalantly left open in the photo?) I’ve got some exciting events coming up, including an invitation from those lovely people at Honno Press to their 25th Anniversary Party at the Hay Festival in June. Hurray!
Here are some pictures from Thanksgiving...
THE CASE: Diane and Alicia once again successfully sue a pharmaceutical company, winning against Canning. So Canning and Nyholm (AKA The Dream Team) bring a suit against the firm for fraud and malicious prosecution. They try the whole Will-bribed-the-judge thing, as the judge awarded them much more than they asked for. Then they go after the Alicia and Peter angle. In the end, all they really wanted was the firm’s biggest client and their attempt to show the firm’s weaknesses did the trick. I hate it when we discover that Canning isn’t after what we thought all along.
Benchmarks
Schlafly Bottleworks (7260 Schlafly Plaza, Maplewood) While technically, the Schlafly Bottleworks is a brewpub, so it could fall into the list below, it’s also the location of most of their production. They do tours on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from Noon-5PM on the hour. Their tour guides are all beer nerds, so they love talking about beer.
It often comes as a surprise visitors that the quaint Victorian town of Eureka Springs, Arkansas, hosts more weddings per capita than any city in the United States.
But if you have lost your faith than all that’s left is fear.
We interrupt the interruption of the in-progress blog story detailing Charlie's delivery, because writing about drama over and over will turn this into a blahg. Insert some normalcy, at least for today.
I created this cut robin by sticking down hundreds and hundreds of punched hearts. Talk about a labour of love!
One of the three President Obama clones held a press conference and admitted that he had signed an executive order that allows the government t clone any law enforcement officer or member of the military who is deemed a high risk to national security.
The provision is criticized on the grounds that it would allow for the freezing of assets without a court ruling. The draft also envisages heavy penalties and fines. It calls for jail sentences of up to 10 years to those funding terrorist organizations or terrorists, even if the money is not directly used for a terrorist crime.
Toffee bits - 2 tablespoon
You need to hold your employees accountable for their agreements, and they need to see that you are going to remain engaged and supportive of their progress or challenges.
1. Howdy Folks & Gather Round (Intro)
I can’t quite get my mind around the fact that it’s finally time, the departure has finally arrived. This plan has been in fruition since I was about 13years old and has evolved the way I have, with a big bang right at the end where everything falls into place quickly.
This was released on Vital Music in 1994.
Since, Tuesday is my BIG DAY, I decided to challenge you all to create a card/project with a birthday theme!! What a great time to get a head start on all your 2010 Birthdays!!
“The Duct Tape Alert” was essentially a recommendation so that people would have the materials needed for a Shelter in Place strategy.
Slug Gone wool pellets are ideal for organic gardening and can be used in pots, flower beds, borders, allotments. herb gardens, nurseries, garden centres, green houses and vegetable plots.
Tags: Secretive, Technical Expertise.
Premise 2
We have one room in our entire house that is baby-proofed enough to leave Mariah unattended for a minute or two....or so we thought. Since she has started pulling herself up she can now get her head wedged between the couches. She didn't seem to be too upset about it!
On April 3, 2012, San Antonio will become the first major city in Texas to appoint a Poet Laureate. Mayor Julián Castro will formally announce nationally renowned author and poet Carmen Tafolla as the Poet Laureate in keeping with the SA2020 goal of turning San Antonio into “a brainpower community that is the liveliest city in the nation.” The initiative applies to the Arts & Culture as well as Education vision areas. The honorary position was created to promote the literary arts and literacy within the community as well as foster a greater appreciation of the poetic arts through the reading and writing of poetry. The Poet Laureate will serve a two-year term and will commit to a minimum of three City sponsored and selected public appearances for each year of service. The Mayor’s announcement and reception will take place on Tuesday, April 3, 2012 at 6:30 p.m. at City Council Chambers in the Municipal Plaza Building, 114 W. Commerce St. The event is free and open to the public.
Cranberry Seed Oil is rich in tocotrienols and tocopherols which are the two groups of molecules that make up Vitamin E. Studies have found that this oil contains the highest amount of tocotrienols than that found in any other vegetable oil. Tocotrienols have also been found to effectively protect the harmful effects of sunlight. It is also rich in Vitamin A.
Gus got Ruby set up. By this time it was starting to rain so we were lucky to have the awning to put our table under...
The Treasury acknowledged that 4.5 million pensioners will lose out as a result of the decision to phase out their age-related allowances and Age UK said it was “disappointed” with the move, warning it could leave some pensioners up to £259 a year worse off. Economist Ros Altmann, director-general of the Saga Group, denounced it as an “absolutely outrageous assault” on all pensioners with incomes between £10,500 and £24,000. Mr Osborne was also facing a furious backlash after it emerged that he dragged an extra 300,000 workers into the 40p tax bracket.
June 22 is a date that no one in my family will forget. It is a day that held the greatest horror of our lives yet became a defining moment in a million other joyful ways, Today is the one year anniversary of the car accident that changed our lives.
- Summer Rolls
Looking back, I realised I've bought next to no beer in the supermarket this year. None of the offers have really caught my eye. The only one giving us any decent amount of diversity is Marks & Spencer, and their stuff is just too expensive for what it is. I've been pleased to see off licence chain O'Brien's really raise their game beerwise this year, with Carlow, Dungarvan and Eight Degrees all now in stock. But really, only the independents have been meeting my needs in 2011.
Sometimes it takes writing many words before a novelist can be comfortable about the story path he has chosen. I have often abandoned an effort after a hundred or more pages, having discovered that the subject, the plot, the characters, the emotional mood, the idea itself can no longer engage my interest.
Anyway, they said they would continue to look at the fault (in case it was anything else) and would also check with Audi whether the instrument cluster had been replaced by a previous owner (I was told that there new computer system didn't have any historical records so all the previous details about this car were lost - like the fact that a few months earlier the cambelt had been replaced by them!). I said that was fine but that they should bear in mind that I wouldn't be happy paying £900, I believe it should be free for a known fault, and that I was having surgery the following week so would not be contactable nor in a state to approve any expensive work.
What’s the last book you bought?
Mr Mitchell supported the report’s central message, says: “after the relentless pressure from the coalition Government, the EUROPEAN UNION has already reformed the way it spends support, making it more transparent, results-focused and targeted on the poorest people.”
So I think now the question is, “Out of the three – self, others, and God – whose opinion matters the most to me, right here, right now, and every moment?”
“It’s Sunday torture.”
Who served Him truly here.
'If the leaders of this nation followed the view of the public more closely, do you think the nation would be better off, or worse off than it is today?'
Winner: Stockholm
7:00-4:00. Work at My Small Town High School.
A big reason for it is that cherry blossoms are transient, as it is often said.
(and you were never very good at binary)
“We found that a competitor was using IP we’d developed . . . When we brought this situation to the attention of the relevant OEM, and asked them to at least pay a licensing fee, they told us that we were welcome to lodge this request but that in such a case they could not guarantee that we would receive orders from them in the future.”
The push for rural votes – the core of Umno’s support – will continue in June, especially after the windfall for Felda settlers has been declared from the listing of Felda Global Ventures Holdings (FGVH) Bhd, either in end May or early June.
Just across the road from the Castle is Forbidden Planet, which is where we headed when we'd finished with History, and after browsing the SF and comics we were in need of liquid refreshment. The Goat Major was nearby, and proved to be a very fine pub, serving Brains and a guest (a Scottish beer from somewhere the bar tender wouldn't attempt to pronounce!).
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to experience anxiety when I am close to change where within that I go back to the safety of my old self and where I live in regret for not taking the opportunity to change
The TEKKEN® Hybrid Extreme Edition also includes:
"Hey mister, I think I know flowers. You've been watering weeds for the past three weeks." As she continued to pull weeds, I yelled, "Stop! Honey, for the love of God, not Big Maaaaaxxxxxxx...........!"...............I really loved that big weed.
This blog, and me, myself, has changed so much from what it originally started as. I am alot more receptive to changing me than I am the blog itself. It is impossible to change one without changing the other, hence my lack of writing. My life is no longer about bitching (oh there's no fear I still do that a gazillion and four times a day) about everyone around me. It's become more. I don't know if that will translate or fit into this space here.
I'm working on several rugs now, one of which is a white pumpkin with a pumpkin-colored background. I haven't hooked in 4 months or so because I was working on the pillows and ornaments for the craft shows and then the holidays came and things just seem to have been busy lately. And I really like working with the wool felt and making pillows and ornaments. But I'm President of my local rug hooking guild so I need to be hooking.
I'll post some more notes on the show next week, some thank-yous, further information and some further sources to check out for more information.
New Belgium Brewing Co.
Kahn's early distinction between New York City and Salt Lake City—the former considered high-risk, due to coastal flooding and extreme weather events, the latter an example of what Kahn calls "safe cities"—is useful for understanding the overall, somewhat armchair tone of the book. Climatopolis is not hugely rigorous in its exploration of what makes a city "climate-safe," and it overestimates the descriptive value of using "Al Gore" as a personality type, seeming to cite the politician at least once every few pages, but if your interests are more Planetizen than Popular Science, this is a useful overview of the urban effects of climate change over disparate cities and regions.
I personally do not think that Romney can beat (Obama?) heads up in a fair contest. Gingrich might have a better chance but then when I think about what America would be like with another lying cheating multimillionaire in the White House, it makes me shudder and start looking for another choice that is not a party favorite. I turned to who the military is supporting.
Click on picture for enlarge view.
Hazelton, guitarist Danny Embrey and drummer Kevin Frazee were on fire. Concentrating on material from the very fine new album Peregrination, the trio burned through an hour of greasy, sin-soaked organ jazz. Hazelton's impeccable work on his Hammond B-3 was thick and fearsome. Frazee played with an innate funkiness. Embrey's presence on the gig and on Peregrination, however, make the project truly memorable. He's a phenomenal musician.
Many of you have completed this phase already and cleared through so much of the past. So for you, May will mostly be about new foundations for your future appearing to you, and being consciously built and directed by you.
Be sure to visit all the Designers on their Blog Frenzy dates!
Abdul-Karim RW. Women Workers at Higher Risk of Reproductive Hazards. In Pregnant Women at Work. Chamberlain G (Ed.). The Royal Society of Medicine and The Macmillan Press Ltd, London 1984; 43.
Messages from Your Angels Oracle Cards;
Before they fade to gray
I was very pleased to see that Floss had managed to find a diary which was 100% recycled, and Princess Bunchy was even more pleased to take it into her possession. She has a theory that such a diary will be a remedy for her tendency to forget which day her music lesson is. And as she informed me, she speaks French, so the text language section will be doubly useful.
1410 Dollar Avenue sits in the heart of Durham North Carolina’s Trinity Park. The home has updated heating and air conditioning (2 systems), updated electrical service, a brand new roof, new bathroom fixtures, new windows and a new kitchen. Additionally a one year H.S.A Warranty is offered for buyer peace of mind.
i mean goddess, to give me something so mythological
When I watched the first Guy Ritchie, Sherlock Holmes movie I left entertained but wasn’t chomping at the bit for more. Hell when BBC did its updated version of Sherlock Holmes I kind of forgot all about this movie as that was far superior. But I must admit with the announcing of two cast members I started to get a little excited. So let’s take a look and see if this movie is any good.
On the surface it is quite obvious why the book was so controversial – Sex itself is controversial, saying ‘cunt’ and ‘fuck’ around 50 times is controversial and (though class is not such an issue today) people having an affair outside of their social group is controversial. But it is the underlying issues – the ones about modern industrialism, replacing the human soul with money and learning how to ’tenderly fuck’ – that I think really caused the subconscious reeling back of society.
Martin Luther King Jr.
I originally joined Facebook to promote my blog and I recently discovered that my friends on Facebook actually read it. That was a pleasantly surprising discovery because I don't even look at people's pictures. When I would check out Facebook, I breezed through posts wondering why I cared that someone was excited to watch the new season of Mad Men. I do want to keep in touch with people but I prefer a nice long e mail or phone conversation or, better yet, in person over a beer. It's probably why I like blogging because I get to know people through them. And, you can drink a beer and read blogs: truly a win win.
Gino Vanelli Wild horses CAN
Just a quick vignette~ it's been a bit busy here
Paul Foot wrote a book on this election “Immigration and Race in British Politics” and, though an excellent journalist, he could not overcome his prejudice to give Mr. Griffiths a fair examination. However, he did note Walker’s hypocrisy and commented, ”The racial bitterness stirred up…could well last for a generation. For this Patrick Gordon Walker must take his share of the responsibility.” He quoted a Birmingham mp, “look at Patrick. He never left the subject alone.”(1) Walker had issued different election leaflets for each ethnic group. While he was preaching against race discrimination, Smethwick Labour club operated a colour bar! Mr.Griffiths told the Birmingham Evening Mail, on 24/9/1964, “The Socialists are attempting to obtain the coloured vote because they think it will hold Smethwick for them.”Many contemporary attitudes were pre-figured in this election. The suggestion by Trevor Philips, head of the Human Rights Commission, has suggested young Black boys need schooling separately. This is similar to a suggestion by Peter Griffiths in February 1964, when in response to complaints from white parents that their children were being held back, he proposed to hold special classes for Indian children who could not speak English for three hours a day. They were to be taught by their own teachers in English, maths and science and then rejoin the others for games and crafts. He was accused of trying to start Apartheid in local schools!
Tessa Buys, one of our brilliant 2011 SRM Stickers Design Team members is treating us today to her version of our new product, Party in a Bag! Enjoy!
Having said all that, let’s get behind any attempt to bring an international series to these shores, or support a touring team to go to the States and take on their best. After all, this drinking game business is something that we have become pretty competent at in our past. We’ll whip their skanky-yanky arses.
The most visible example of this imperialism – certainly one that resonates almost everyday with many common folk – is the entire out-of-touch picture of a POTUS who is obsessed with travel on Air Force 1 - the largest commercial airliner built in its time – used only by him and his family - on every trip - at any time - for any purpose including vacations and for his personal re-election campaign. The stated pretense for all of this is to provide a high level of constant security and communication rarely questioned by the ‘pundits’ – yet regular people with common sense know that every other leader in the world travels securely without a 747 and an advance fleet of military transports carrying his motorcade vehicles and, more important, they know that it is within the President’s prerogative – in fact, it his responsibility – to question the need for such excessive travel expense and incessant opulence on every single trip for a leader whose position exists to serve the needs of a democracy not a monarchy.
resin embellishment from Melissa Frances, paper flower from Prima, decorative pin from Maya Road.
LinkedIn is a professional networking site for people interested in making connections with other professionals. Consider it your online resume. You are encouraged to list your skills, experience, expertise, education, affiliations, presentations, documents you’d like to share, as well as countless other applications you can utilize from LinkedIn. You can link Twitter to LinkedIn allowing your professional contacts to follow your tweets.
Anyway, I hadn't absorbed the fact that the painting in the series that depicts summer is part of the collection at New York's Metropolitan Museum. And so it came as a wonderful surprise to walk into one of the rooms in the museum and see the painting:
A strong field this year, with the return of The Beastie Boys, great dubstep-inflected albums from King Midas Sound, Zomby and Jamie Woon (as well as the good but not great debut from James Blake), blissed-out wonky pop from Washed Out (though I thought it was not quite as good as his debut 2010 mini-album) and an interesting debut from Rustie- more please.
Jane Lynch
You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth.
Monty and Mildred hit up a bar, where Mildred continues to bellyache about the whole idea, even though, as Monty points out, she gets 80% profit off every drink and keeps her customers happy. What is wrong with this woman? I feel like we’re right back to where we were when she was looking for jobs and deciding waitressing just wasn’t good enough. God, lady, suck it up and do what you need to!
I have a friend, Gina, who has become a real life sewing mentor of sorts. She helped me learn how to thread Sergio this past January, and she helped me put some cuffs on a project this past month (which I haven't featured yet because of the A-Z challenge theme going on).
You can swim in the emptiness and never reach the shore;
Sapphire and faded jeans, I hope you get your dreams,
the Red head is E99, 97, 08, 09 the Blond is E50, 51, 53 the Brunette is E49, 47, 44, 42
Far underground in a cave, resting on an ornately carved stone slab, a person sleeps. Descriptions of this person vary; some have said they see themselves, others a tall man with short brown hair, dressed in a well-made suit, and still more a short woman wearing a red and gold dress, who has long hair, ice-white in color. Sometimes, these conflicting reports have even been gathered from members of the same party, none of whom left the room, and all of which never saw the figure on the slab alter in appearance.
I can't go into alot of details,
Sport Watches For Men – Luminox Black Ops 8401 – Review
So, unless you’ve been in outer Mongolia or under a rock for the past few months. you would know that the Gauteng province has been under siege from Sanral to register for E-tags to pay the outrageous tolls on Gauteng freeways. There has been nothing in the recent past that has been able to unite the people of this province like the E-toll saga. Across all levels of society, there has been complete outrage against the system and how it has been forced down our throats…
When she finished her final class performance
Me: Yep. Those are the same color.
6:50 p.m. Swim lesson starts.
~Enjoy and Please feel to comment
2. Energie cardigan, $4.49
Transaction Binding=Explicit Unbind;
Won’t you leave a poem for me?
They expect to add around seven new courses, from engineering to design courses.
I went over to them and was introduced. Then I met the dad. Their son was over talking to someone else. The mom was like "Hey, why don't I introduce you to my son. That way you two will at least know one other person at the next meeting." (which was in February. This meeting was in January).
In terms of communications capability, W-band offers high data rate throughput when used at high altitudes and in space. (The 71 – 76 GHz / 81 – 86 GHz segment of the W-band is allocated by the International Telecommunication Union to satellite services.) Because of increasing spectrum and orbit congestion at lower frequencies, W-band satellite allocations are of increasing interest to commercial satellite operators, although no commercial project has yet been implemented in these bands.
Well folks, the time has come to say good bye to this blog. I no longer feel like being a hypocrite. I am sick of lying to myself and all of you! I talk a big game about how I am working on making myself a better person. I talk about how I want to have inner peace and health and how far I have come over the years. Well guess what? I have been lying to everyone. I have changed nothing for the better. In fact, I may be worse off. I took something great and made it bad. I created issues that didn’t need to be there so that I can prove to myself that people don’t stay. I am only mad at myself for not being able to fix me, for not really getting healthy and for putting a great person through my issues.
Stamps: Young Vermillion, Bird on a Branch (retired)
we shed
727 ***D-VI/12/1976. “The Poet as Outcast; Ishmael and Moby Dick.” Basic Program Graduation, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 142-49, 433-36 (1983).)
I'm talking about the cocky Australian upstart Seizure Magazine--which appears as Seizure Online (the purely electronic version) and Seizure Offline (a monthly paperback). And, although it's nominally Australian, the primary print release is through Amazon US, and the electronic release is, well, the internet, and the authors are from anywhere, so it's really an international venture.
Waiting in line. Waiting for a flight to depart. Waiting for a bus to come. Waiting for a show to start. Vacations can have lots of waiting, lots of time where you aren’t doing anything but killing time, waiting for whatever happens next. And if you’re like me, you get…bored.
Virginia – Of all the songs I discovered while completing this task, I am more proud of this one than any other. “East Virginia Blues” was recorded by the Carter Family. I’m not talking about the Carter Family with Mother Maybelle and her children, which included June Carter Cash. I am talking about the original group started by A.P. Carter. There is a great story there that predates anything that happened in Nashville.
Where we live everyone does their own fireworks. It can go on until 1 am in the morning. We can also see fireworks from various area's of outlining Seattle.
The CF is done for The Face Shop’s Eco-Theraphy Vitalist Serum product and was firstly broadcast on 21 September 2010 as announced by Kim HyunJoong’s official site.
* 2 8-oz. packages cream cheese, softened
Another Studio J "scrap-lift" from my Washington vacation. I didn't have the My Stickease for the Grace papers, so I stamped a few images instead using one of the first stamp sets I purchased from CTMH, All My Love. It may be old, but it still works great! Looking at the layout now, I think I need to add some faux stitching around the edges. It's a little plain as is. What do you think?
Come on over and get a sneak peek in my little corner of the world and say hi!
When we stay in campgrounds with the Flying Cloud, there are always street lights. Always. We close the blinds, but the light peeks in around the sides. Then the light bounces around off our aluminum walls and it somehow augments the effect. In one campground, we were so close to the light that it fairly lit up the inside of the bedroom! I decided at the end of our trip last fall that I'd add faux curtains. Just enough fabric to block that sneaky light.
I eventually point at the coconut, passionfruit, ginger and mint, a refreshing dessert that combines coconut mousse with tropical passionfruit and heartwarming ginger.
And of course – as you can easily see – each of these situations is fraught with danger. If not right now, then soon.
Analysis of various forced model simulations indicates that human influences did not contribute substantially to the magnitude of the Russian heat wave. Even accounting for a possible stronger warming signal, as suggested by Rahmsdorf and Coumou, these were still appreciably smaller than the peak magnitude of the event (which reached 10°C over Moscow during July). Barriapedro et al. (2011) conclude that the magnitude of the 2010 event was so extreme that despite an increase in temperatures due to human climate change, the likelihood of an analog over the same region remains fairly low until the second half of the 21st century. These results are thus consistent also with the Hawkins and Sutton (2012) results regarding the time of emergence of a climate change signal at local scales.
All Our Stories will make available grants ranging from £3,000 – £10,000. From researching local historic landmarks, learning more about customs and traditions to delving into archives and finding out the origins of street and place names – this new programme will give everyone the chance to explore their heritage and share what they learn with others.
And I was especially reflecting on this point lately, emancipation and independence. How many women choose to follow their ideals in spite of others'? In spite of their boyfriends', husbands or even families?
Congratulations Cari, I hope you will enjoy stitching this wonderful design...it was one of my very favorite stitches! I love all things Noah :-) Anyway, please email me your mailing address and I will get it off to you!
release of Alan Gross and the release of what’s called the “Cuban
In 1983, a dive station was established in Miniloc Island by a group of divers who were on board the diveboat M/V Via Mare. In the same year, major tourism commenced in El Nido, when the Ten Knots Development Corporation, a Filipino-Japanese joint venture company, opened a divers’ resort on Miniloc Island, and an airstrip (Lio Airport) at Villa Libertad on the mainland. In 1992, the company set up a second resort on Pangulasian Island, and in 1998, the third and largest Ten Knots resort on Lagen Island. The opening of the third resort coincided with the destruction of the Pangulasian Resort by fire. During this period several other tourism establishments were developed, paving the way for tourism to become a thriving economic sector.
French DJ David Guetta and Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj have paired up to create a music video for the song "Turn Me On" set in a steampunk world. The DJ creates a lifelike doll in the form of Minaj, making all of the other dolls jealous.
to be let into the car.
emptied the entire closet and went through and decided to get rid of some of the sheets, pillows, etc. that have seen their better days.
I lost him, he made me loose him.
- you understand the game of peek a boy. You will lift up a blanket over your face, and then bring it down. To my delight, I play along. Where is Jillian, I ask when the blanket is over your face, and then when you pull it down, I shout "there you are!"
Our longest hike was along Log Hollow Branch north of Brevard near Looking Glass Rock. On our two-mile hike we saw three waterfalls, including the one above. There was a good flow of water over the falls, and if you look closely (the picture can be enlarged by clicking on it), you’ll even see a few icicles.
And Dick Clark was offered this part, really nothing more than a cameo.
Sent: Saturday, March 20, 2010 10:09 AM
Happy National Scrapbooking Day!!
See? Haha. It makes you so vain! You just can’t help to take a photo and post it to Instagram. And oh, did I mention it’s free? Yeah, you can download it on App Store or on Google Play! Go get Instagram on your phone!!
Let’s look at the “numbers” -
"Just decoratin' this here Christmas cake, boss."
whistling tuneless ditties
I was reading a link to an article posted on Twitter (I’m @tanialramos if you wanna follow), and the link was directed to a blog which spoke about the preconceptions of authors and who they really were. Hemingway was listed as well as Jodi Picoult and others I hadn’t heard of. I found it to be a fascinating article because I know personally that I hear about authors I know of like Patterson, Sparks, Palahniuk, and Wilde to name a few, and an image of their life immediately enters my head.
these kids are friends for maybe six hours a week so whenever they want to play together i am completely excited and try to get as much done as i can until they decide to go all linebacker on each other and the perfection cracks. this evening was one of those rare moments and they were using their fun time to run in circles around the house giggling.
to give you thanks,
Goal is to shed 2% bodyfat and at least 4 pounds but the boss would be happier with 8#! I have to stop eating so much! And i have to get my cardio in and im going to try very hard to get 15 mins in every off day! It is a bit wearying thinking about it to be honest with you but i know that the end results will make it all worth it!
The ANC thugs got their security guards to prevent Steve Hofmeyr and his group from handing over the list of murdered farmers together with a petition for the SA government to do something about the onslaught on white farmers. The mud hut dwellers tore up the list and threw it in the street.
I emailed Rose and Elizabeth. Elizabeth has the same sentiments as me. She was delighted to have it. But Rose, she wanted only the real McCoy. I told her she might have to fight over that antique tea pot.
ok, it lacked any appeal.
the back wall of the bedroom they added mirror that they got from restore.
Crayon
It seems selfish right now, to write a blog where I try to encourage people to eat good food for their families, when there are families and children in Haiti who are forced to eat mud cookies, which are literally made out of dirt, shortening and salt and baked in the sun. The price of basic staples in Haiti have gone up exponentially in the past year, making mud cookies a staple that many of the poor have to rely on. (Read more about mud cookies here.)
04. Give The People What They Want
To give the room some dimension, charm and crispness we dressed the walls with simple white board and batten. I didn't do a tutorial on this (mainly because there are already a squillion out there though also because we kinda just made it up as we went along). I will say however, that if you're considering a similar treatment it's actually pretty straight forward - especially if you're willing to call spak your friend :-)
Jesus was not saying that the kingdom of God was in the midst of the Pharisees in the sense that it was inside of them in a spiritual sense, because they were not saved. He said elsewhere, “Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it” (John 8:44).
2) Add more colour with wall stickers. They’re a great way to inject colour without overdoing it, plus they’re removable… in case she changes her mind/brings her boyfriend back from university 7 years later.
Pick up an object in front of you. Your phone, a pen, whatever. Pick it up.
When I designed the sketch I thought of a round shaped card but it can be interpreted other ways too. I love this paper from My Mind's Eye and of course my Spellbinders!. I think between the stamp, sketch and paper this one came together pretty easily :)
Using a bowl Whisk the eggs with milk, salt and sugar.Usong a biscuit cutter of your chioce cut the shapes and dip them in egg mixture on both sides.
When I first brought Louie home, my fiance Kyle and I were still living in our apartment in Royal Oak so in order to keep Louie happy, we had to take him for two-three walks per day (I also used to drop him off at my Mom's while at work to play with the other dogs). These walks also gave me the chance to take outfit photos for the blog so naturally Louie ended up being in quite a few of them as time went one. Sometimes he was cute and sat pretty next to me, others he jumped up on me and wanted to play, and then there were the times where he just flat-out photo bombed my outfit photos. He is quite the classy guy.
Mullholland Dr.
“The bodies are transported on this endless chain into a long, narrow compartment, where they pass through a bath which disinfects them. They then go through a drying chamber, and finally are automatically carried into a digester or great cauldron, in which they are dropped by an apparatus which detaches them from the chain. In the digester they remain from six to eight hours, and are treated by steam, which breaks them up while they are slowly stirred by the machinery…From this treatment result several products. The fats are broken up into stearin, a form of tallow, and oils, which require to be re-distilled before they can be used. The process of distillation is carried out by boiling the oil with carbonate of soda, and some of the by-products resulting from this are used by German soap makers. The oil distillery and refinery lie in the south-eastern corner of the works. The refined oil is sent out in small casks like those used for petroleum, and is of yellowish brown colour.”
Anal sex has been an act which has scared me for a long time. I’m not going to lie, I am curious and will probably end up doing it one day – I can’t knock it until I try it! But it does scare me. Although I’ve heard of girls telling me that it feels great, I’ve also heard horror stories. The type of horror stories which will turn you off doing such acts FOR LIFE. Horror stories I won’t go into in detail, because I don’t wanna turn you off your dinner – but let’s just say I’ve heard stories involving blood and stitches. Plus, I enjoy dick in my vagina way too much to give it up for my ass. The last guy I was with that asked me if he could put it in my ass had a penis which surely would have ripped me in half if I had let him. I was definitely not interested in allowing him to enter my anus. Perhaps if he had a smaller dick, then it may have been more appealing to me.
I love H's work and not just because she is my best friend. I love her subject matter; the relationship between architecture and urban space. I really like the way she plays with perspective and cleverly incorporates industrial materials into her pieces.
Khan Battle Part II coming soon!
Obviously I haven’t flown it, but it does feel very comfortable and the default strap settings seemed perfect for me (I’m 6’4″). You get the impression that it’s more aerodynamic with its boxy shape deflecting the wind up and over the pilot more than other pod harnesses.
Here's our kitchen now, awaiting cabinet doors:
I have a lot of complaints about this year’s Oscar ballot (who doesn’t?) but I truly think it’s a crime that Martha was overlooked for two major categories — film editing and original screenplay — that highlight how tightly the dialogue strings together Martha’s past and present. When she angrily tells Lucy “I am a teacher, and a leader!” and the film cuts back to a past day when Patrick pronounced that very identity for her, and we see how much she absorbed into her soul every word from his mouth, just as she accepted being renamed Marcy May. It’s an amazing piece of writing and editing.
Frost the first meringue and sprinkle with the chopped dates. There’s no correct amount to use, whatever your taste likes. I thought the amount I used was perfect, it added an unrecogniseable flavor that was not overpowering or oversweet.
When the light varies of an EV, to compensate you have to change your shutter time by one or one stop on the aperture, then if the light increase of a single EV it means that to reach the correct lighting intensity on the sensor you have to close the aperture of one stop or set a faster shutter time. But the time and the aperture don't change just depending on the light intensity but also depending on the ISO sensitivity set.
In 2009, Seungri and Girls’ Generation’s Yuri made headlines for being accepted to Chung Ang University, beating out some tough competition. Back in 2006, Seungri had also withdrawn from high school due to his activities with BIGBANG. However, he passed his GED (General Equivalency Diploma) in 2009, earning him his high school graduation status. Meanwhile, BIGBANG is dominating music charts in Korea and an impact throughout the world with their latest mini album “Alive.”
“Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived; neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.”
*names changed to protect the guilty.
My papers are Julieanne by K&Co with DCWV mounts. I used a beautiful ribbon of vintage roses - a gift from the lovely Janiel. Thank you so much PQ - they are perfect! The lacey edge and the little bouquet of roses are from my stash, as are the ribbon and button. The "Love You" sentiment is Hero Arts and the ticket is by Autumn Leaves.
and it's yours. You're its too,
Dies: PTI Tag Sale #6, Heart Border Die
I actually almost threw this flower out in the beginning, but didn't have the heart to do so, so I just set it aside. I was not content at all with how it looked at first (it's my first time coloring with only watercolor pencils) and considered going with a different colored flower instead. But in my head, I pictured my card with a fuchsia colored flower and a golden-yellow or orange background. I really love how they both compliment each other. So days later, I came back to it and ceaselessly colored it with my watercolor pencils. Luckily enough, I managed to salvage it in the end. Whew! I seriously gotta keep practicing with my watercolor pencils. Not an easy task to do since you'd have to pry my fingers off my Distress Inks. I can't live without them :)
We seniors used to think Congress, specifically the House, controlled the purse. Now it seems as though anyone can start the presses and print up a zillion dollars. It has made our nation fling toward the poor house. My wife and I gave up our home and 4 acres. I weep for my country. I say the pledge with tears in my eyes. Time is standing still due to the thought that they still have time, 7 days a week to ‘good ole boy’ spending into oblivion. Republicans cannot unite even on this one issue, maybe because they too, know it is almost too late to grind out a solution.
A lack of shelters and court protections for native women? Yes.
· The Irish pastime of hurling is not what most people in this country think it means.
Here are a few things that caught my eye -
And if that’s the case, I am sure the reasons for my errors will be completely obvious on Tuesday morning.
Sometimes it makes sense to take a step back and to question why we do things the way we do. Should businesses have to provide health insurance? Should businesses have to provide pension plans? Since when did manufacturing and providing health insurance become related activities? And if so, why are these bundled together? Shouldn’t the safety net be the responsibility of government? In this post, I argue that businesses would be much more efficient if they focused on their core competencies, be it manufacturing, retail or publishing, without worrying about how to optimize the benefits package that they will provide for their employees. For this reason, I argue that the government should reform regulations and the tax code so that companies are not encouraged/forced to provide health insurance, disability insurance or pensions for their employees.
I think that sums it up. I think? There's more. I think. I can't remember it though. (See why my blog's been so quiet?? This is what happens to my brain when I fill it with ideas ... it stops working.)
Now is your chance to save some $$$ and visit some shops
Jamaica set a NR, and was still behind the first place U.S. squad in Daegu. The U.S. is the favorite, but when you have VCB, if you can get her close, you have a shot! The U.S. women are as strong a favorite here as the men are. IN the post Eastern Bloc era, U.S. squads have turned in the most consistent set of marks in history. And Felix is one of those “relay beasts” that has the ability to bread a 4x4 wide open.
Blackwatch by Jenna Burtenshaw
I was especially disappointed with the lack of imagination used for the powers. When given the choice of creating anything with his mind, he made like… 14 guns, a car, and a wave. Seriously? That’s the best he could come up with? He’s the savior of the galaxy? Bullshit.
Ink – Memento Tuxedo Black
I thought to myself, “Why in the world would you compromise your core beliefs just to convert to a religion you absolutely 100% do not believe in?” The thing is, I’m just not that kind of person; even in the tough times, I remain true to my core beliefs and do not go against them. I couldn’t even if I tried!
I'm a theology girl; I like logical theology and rationalizing how God and Jesus makes sense. I'm a sinner, I need a Savior, God loves me and died for me to save me. It makes sense, and I love that the Gospel makes since. And I love this theology; it's beautiful, and without it true love for Jesus could not exist.
Gabe Noah
But in that era, around thirty-seven, that particular world—where God didn’t exist and where the meaning of life came just from brain-pursuits of glory in a profession—just did not satisfy me and did not bring happiness. In fact it was full of suffering. So I came to meditation. I wanted to see if there was any way of at least finding some solace, if not happiness. And eventually great joy came out of it, but that took time. And also, I must mention that I got married too, and the challenge of love was a very important one. In other words, I very soon discovered after I got married for the second time that love is very different than what I thought it was. So I discovered with my wife the meaning of love, and that was a big contribution also to my own spirituality.
What about private citizen Tom Gerard? You know, the run-of-the-mill cop from this story?
Sexy
I went to bed and rose at early dawn
Loving my new camera, Panasonic LX5, especially the HDR functions.
I must have been all of 20 years old, and who knew what I even thought “change” was at that time. Lord knows I had no idea the amount of changes I would see in the coming years.
First let’s talk about your human body. If you’re experiencing listlessness, sleep deprivation, lack of enthusiasm, suicidal thoughts and either lack of appetite or increased appetite then you need to address this head on. As much as I’m a positive person and love talking about love and light, there is negativity and just because we ignore it, doesn’t make it cease to exist! We need to get you back on the right track and feeling like you’re old self or better yet, a new and improved version!
I also really liked the side characters in this story a lot, especially Swoozie and Nick, who loved Drew just because she was Drew.
The nails in your hands
Key words here: could and can really truly means …but not really.
2. inking it with a soft lilac Studio G ink
The campaign for Proposition 8 raised $39.9 million for it and against it $43.3 million. It became the highest-funded campaign on any state ballot, surpassing every campaign in the nation in spending except for the presidential contest.
Mix the mayo, garlic and lemon juice. Whisk in the oil a little at a time. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I learnt stuff.
Dash pats the tears into the skin under my eyes as if he's applying a very special cream.
It was perhaps one of the nicest (and funnest, I might add) dates I had ever been on. And it felt WEIRD. I really didn't know how to react at first. In my head, I could see some of my friends rolling their eyes, while another set of friends were telling me that that's how I deserved to be treated.
children going to school use the same public transportation system
Journées de Patrimoine/Open House/Dias del Patrimonio/European Heritage Days
Laszlo Moholy-Nagy (2 photomontages, 1925)
At the massacre party, the frat boys are trying to get the dog drunk. A geeky guy tells Sasha that the sound of someone screaming in the song "Roller Coaster of Love" is the actual scream of someone being murdered. Sasha quickly finds somewhere else to be. Paul finds Natalie and shows her the newspaper article about Wexler's part in the Stanley Hall Massacre. Paul promises Natalie that he will protect her and they kiss, just as Brenda returns. She accuses Natalie of trying to steal Paul from her, then stomps away to go find somewhere to cry.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is risk free and doesn’t have any negative implication. You should not entertain any fear as all modalities for the smooth and easy transfer of this fund have been finalized. If you can conveniently assure me of your ability to keep this business very secret and confidential, you can write back to me for further details.
Up today, I’m taking one more rest day before returning to the world of the workout, hunkering down in my cube for a day full of meetings and spreadsheets, and then having dinner with my pals.
Today's quick bento okazu is panko chicken (chicken katsu)! It has appeared in my bento very often, and you know I've written about it so many times. But I'll write my way again. I removed skin off from a chicken breast (I usually use chicken tenders instead), and cut it into easy-to-eat-size pieces. Then strongly pressed panko (dried) on both sides of them by hand to stick the panko to the chicken well. (Since I want to prepare bento foods quickly I always omit flouring and egg-coating for ponko-fry.) And then I fried them in a little olive oil until both sides were brown, then drained on paper towels for cutting calories. You don't need so much oil for pan-frying. I only use 1 - 2 tablespoons oil. Lastly I sprinkled some herb salt and powdered cheese on them. Plus a bit of ketchup if you like.
So what’s Matt Haig got to offer?
Well time to go---will write more this week.
Never, EVER, look an angry dog in the eye.
And then it dawned on me. Here I am, tossing perfectly great storage solutions I already have in my house, and then going out and buying almost the exact same thing with my hard earned moolah. How is this logical? With the hundreds of plastics I've recycled in the past, how have I never thought of using them in my home (and I'm not talking about using old yogurt containers as tupperware- not my thang).
With a hand whisk, beat continuously, heat until egg whites are hot and all the sugar is dissolved.
- 1904: Japanese Empire fought against Russian Empire due to their rival imperial ambitions over Manchuria (Northeast China) and Korea. (Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905)
- Local protest group camps on site for 90 days in action against development proposals
Imagine my intense disappointment when I read the reviews RIGHT before I went to make this dish and found out that a lot of people didn't like it! OH NO! I had already bought the ingredients and was LITERALLY standing in the kitchen. What to do? Well... fix it of course!
She's like, "Well, not the first, but maybe around the 5th person." Seriously? This is also the customer that got really pissed at me because I didn't invite her to my wedding. I'M JUST YOUR CASHIER LADY. YOU ARE JUST A CUSTOMER THAT BUYS TOO MUCH LOTTERY. GO AWAY.
(My categories: first aid, wraps, childrens meds, pain & fever, eyes/ears/nose/skin)
My question is this, if a tattoo artist creates a unique design for a client, then this is tattooed on to the aforementioned client, does the tattoo artist still own any intellectual property rights (namely copyright) over this piece of art? If the tattooed subject were to go on to a profession (I can only think of modelling at this precise moment) where the tattoo was constantly broadcast to the general public, and the designer viewed this to be derogatory to their work, would they be able to litigate!"It seems to me that the potentially derogatory public display and transmission of the tattoo is only one of a number of moral rights issues that can be discussed -- another one is whether, if the tattooed subject wishes to have the tattoo amended or removed, the tattoo artist has any ground upon which to object.
Staying with CO2 and a military look. Popular Tippmann products include the paintball fields in minnesota with many replica looks and feel. You can get pretty beat while you're learning to run, jump, and roll with it 50+ percent of the paintball fields in minnesota as soon as it may seem comparable to the paintball fields in minnesota may moreover end up getting pretty committed to be completely happy. The law enforcement would likely make use of the paintball fields in minnesota of the paintball fields in minnesota to the paintball fields in minnesota of the paintball fields in minnesota in this economy. This paintball store also has fields and wood play. The person interviewed told me the paintball fields in minnesota on which one to purchase. The following 5 considerations may help make this task less painful and much more concerned that every box has well-rounded, uniform paintballs. A harness or pack could be utilized to keep playing. If there are several main features and easy to maintain and super sturdy. They're also light and fast enough to compete with the paintball fields in minnesota a single-shot at a time type of paintball were played.
It wouldn’t be a 1990s Attenuate bold afterwards a ton of clutter to collect.
(UR 19th); 2004 Joss Naylor (PU bef 19th); 2005 Colnel Rayburn (Pulled up bef 27th); 2006 Sir Oj (Fell 22nd); 2007 Dun Doire (PU bef 27th); 2008
However, they allowed the few of us who had gathered at the door to come in and sit down, while we waited for them to open.
After all, you’re a writer. It’s what you do and what you love. It’s your calling, and you happily follow it.
Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua is not new to such prophesies as he prophesized Nigeria’s failure to qualify for the 2012 Gabon/Equatorial Guinea African Cup of Nations, Zambia’s triumph in the 2012 AFCON, Asamoah Gyan’s last minute penalty miss during the 2010 World Cup and a host of others.
But, my mother said, she could come down Tuesday night and sleep over so my father didn’t have to drive all that way for two hours. What if it rained or snowed? What if he was tired? Could Chuck’s mother babysit Friday too? That way, if my mother slept over Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, no one would have to cover 9 am to 11:30 am until Chuck’s mom got to the house.
Doot Doot Plot/Do I Belong/In the NA
In the tango world somehow this phenomenon is not recognized. How is it that in the tango world we are blind to the same phenomenon in all areas of great talent? Great performers in every art discipline are not necessarily the best teachers. Is tango the exception? A great performer and teacher, Gavito, once complained that people turn to tango performers for great philosophical wisdom. But why? Few people in this world have a huge spectrum of talent. Albert Schweitzer was a physician, an accomplished musician, a J.S. Bach musicologist, a philosopher in ethics, a theologian AND he practiced all of these things while being a missionary helping people in rural Africa as a physician. I cannot think of a single person who had such a wide spectrum of talent. I do not mean to disparage talented athletes or performance artists. Having one extremely developed talent is already way above normal.
Once the boots arrive in Alice Springs the nine CMS students leading the Reboot 2012 project, will identify how the boots will be distributed utilising information collected about the needs of the young players living in the remote communities that surround Alice Springs and beyond, Hermannsberg and Santa Teresa for example.
to an image using my Used Canvas textures which are some hefty downloads in MBs.
Detonate (Psionics)
Layered Eggplant and Lamb Casserole (Moussaka)
4) I really wanted to read in the bath but I was scared my Kindle would get wet. It was, like, the longest bath ever…
Chunky weight yarn (I used Loops and Threads Charisma)
There’s an exuberance common among new distillers, a willingness to try unproven ingredients and techniques. Consider Chip Tate’s Rumble made from wildflower honey, turbinado sugar, and figs from Balcones Distilling in Texas or New Holland’s Hatter Royale, a barley spirit from Michigan finished with hops. Then there’s Darek Bell’s triple smoke malt whiskey that blends a bit of chocolate malt with a triple whammy of German-, peat-, and cherry-smoked malts.
By the way, I'm really sold on these pre-hopped cans of malt extract. Between my wife, four kids, church, job, and farm, I don't always have a lot of time to brew. Sure all-grain beer is more challenging to make and frequently better to drink. But some homebrew is better than no homebrew. So forget about the snoots who think that brewing from extract is for yokels. Don't let the best become the enemy of the good. Just Brew It!
In In Re Swanson (September 4, 2008), the Federal Circuit held that under 35 U.S.C. § 303(a), as amended in 2002, despite consideration of U.S. Patent No. 4,094,647 ("Deutsch") in the initial examination as a secondary reference for obviousness and in prior appellate decision on anticipation, there was a substantial new question of patentability regarding whether Deutsch anticipated and made obvious claims 22-25 that made reexamination warranted.
I'm so glad you were born.
We left koh Tao on the 20th. After a 2 hour boat ride, 1.5 hour minibus ride, 1.5 hour flight, 6 hour big bus and 1 hour minibus (with a four hour sleep somewhere inbetween) we got to the Cambodian border. After a short walk, being overcharged more than a few times for being white at a predominantly local border crossing, a half hour taxi and a 6 hour bus ride we arrived in Shiniokville (sp?). For a few days at the beach. Long trip, but we like to get all of our traveling out of the way in one go to maximize our stays at various places.
The main motivation to copying YPP is that your knit fabric will then have a similar drape, having about the same density. If you'd rather have a lighter sweater, woolen prep and spin; for a heavier one, worsted prep and spin. That said, parts of a sweater see a lot of wear, and worsted prep and spun does wear better (less pilling, typically) than woolen prep... So you might want to not only sample spinning, but also knitting. Let a small knit square live on your keychain for a while to see how it likes being dragged in and out of your purse.
See you on Saturday!
Happy writing this week, everyone!
And the souvenir (I forgotten what’s is called :P)
Except for pies.
The bar where the young woman, Laurice Salgada, was murdered is known as The Blue Angel and is an old fashioned piano bar with an equally aging cliental. To the accompaniment of piano player Rey Nadurata, Laurice would sing various jazz standards throughout the night. Although not especially beautiful she has many admirers included among them are the owner of The Blue Angel, Antonio Cobianco and Lagdameo Go-Lopez, the Mayor of Manila.
"We'd better get some sleep. We have a lot of miles to cross tomorrow, and we won't do it if we're tired. Go to bed. Syrin will sleep when he's finished."
If you're unsure about your love for cows, you will absolutely fall in love with them after reading Sandra Boynton's new book about "Amazing Cows". Here you will find two cow stories, three cow poems, eleven or so cow jokes, one cow myth, one cow comic book, hidden cows and much more!!! It's "UDDER ABSURDITY FOR CHILDREN" and adults!!
Having outlined the points it needed to address, OHIM wasted no time in dealing with them. In considering the first limb, it found that the opponent had goodwill in the UK as a result of the ‘significant commercial volume of use’ as well as the fact that the use was continuous and frequent. In respect of misrepresentation, OHIM examined each of the classes of goods and services (concluding most were identical or similar), and then compared the marks side by side and concluded they were identical. Having carried out these two assessments, OHIM decided that the public would be led to believe that the goods of the applicant originate from the opponent, concluding that a misrepresentation was being made. Its conclusion on damage was equally as affirmative and swift.
It has been a labor of love to say the least. With this project nearly finished, we can start hanging things on the walls! You have no idea how happy that makes me. No idea! I still really want one of these to lean on one of the cafe shelves, a butcher block cutting board for the island, and a stainless shelf above the range, but, overall, I couldn't be happier.
I had the hardest time taking photos, there was so many folks....this one was BEST OF SHOW. It was amazing...detail and workmanship. I could only dream of making something like this. In fact, I only know of one person who could give these quilt makers a run for their money...but
Massagu na Otoko
When: Thursday, September 9, 2010
The second kind of dog is alarm. These are little, yappy dogs. You know the ones. They are sometimes referred to as “ankle-biters.” These dogs are excellent early warning devices. They do, however, require some training to prevent them from being nuisance alarms. After all, they will bark at anything and everything without proper training. Furnace turns on, don’t bark; stranger trying to get in, do bark. When properly trained, alarm dogs are an invaluable asset to their people. They make excellent companions and provide a great service.
Sunday morning we set out once again for my dad’s. We visited the site of a fort built in 1806, which was the site of an Indian ambush during the War of 1812. We watched the Cardinals game, which the Cardinals won. My sister and her S.O. headed home after the game, and we left not too long afterwards. I spent the evening quilting. It was a relaxing evening, which was a perfect ending to a good weekend.
With my desk and my books and my
HENRY SCHRUBSOLE ESQ JP
By Tricia Baehr
The Church of St. Rel has swollen to the hundreds, with the initial adherents receiving activation of their Vrun Imperial Bloodline powers (Immortals, Dream Navigators, Emitters, Psychic Healers, Revivifists, Power Emulators, and Machine Heads). The 50 count coin, minted in the Bright Metal, depicts St. Rel on the face, and the Lady's Tower on the obverse.
Pesticides are known to be toxic to the nervous system, cause cancer, disrupt hormones and cause brain damage in children. Pregnant women are advised to avoid foods containing pesticides.
In the same way the relation to Augsburg and Swabia is obvious, so that in the Grimm Disctionary on German Language the explanation for the term “Judenhaube” is quite simple ”a gentlewoman’s bonnet of Augsburg traditional costumes“. The bonnets usually were manufatured with elaborate and costly silver or gold thread embroidery or lace, also known as “spanier arbeit” (Spanish work), probably because Jews from the Iberian Peninsula brought the technique as well as the fashion to continental Europe. In succession of the Augsburg Judenhaube in many regions in Southern Germany a quite similar so called “Bockelhaube” (back bonnet), which is known from about 1750 is widely popular in rural costumes. In previous times however due to the similarity both bonnets often were mixed up, insofar the alternative term was not introduced to cut out the older one which referrers to Jews. After the 19th century the term Judenhaube no longer was used. Today it is almost forgotten.
Add flour into bowl A. Followed by the sugar on one side and the yeast next to the sugar. On the other side of the bowl (with the flour in between), add the egg. Pour the water onto the yeast.
Behind the Sofa has Win Torchwood: Children of Earth, to celebrate the triumphant return of Torchwood to our screens and the release of the recent miniseries, Children of Earth, on DVD, we have been given two region 2 copies to give away.
By the time I finished a four week trek around Southern India, I was champing at the bit. I had planned to work for an NGO in Tamil Nadu. They seemed flexible with the hours, and it looked like I would have a lot of time for writing. Somewhat fortuitously, en route to the office, I overheard some of the workers bitching about their jobs and the management. I listened in for a good hour, before it became clear that I was going to have to come up with another plan.
I have my friends bday tomorrow so its the usual drink and PARTAY...WHICH I LOVE BECAUSE SOCIALISING IS THE KEY TO MY HAPPINESS!!!
“Whose property is always to have mercy”- il est son métier. I am so glad to have returned to these prayers. The original reason I quoted them was a talk with a “Recovering Catholic”, who disparaged the grovelling as harmful. But there is a much wider moral picture here: it is true that we all fail, all the time, but forgiveness is available from the ground of our being.
I took my X100 out for a couple days. I was shaky and doing many crappy shots on the first day. That’s the sign of not been using it for a long long time. Plus, I was doing shots at night, the f-value was at F3.6-4.5 with zone focusing. Many shots were not as sharp as it turned out. I’m too used to the snap focus on my GRD…
Still, the queue gave me plenty of time to transfer everything that might upset the metal detector to my fleece pocket or laptop bag. Possibly for the first time ever, nothing sounded an alarm, and I reassembled my worldly goods: pens, coins, belt, shoes, cell phone, keys, all present and correct. Even my camphor stick passed without comment. However, my laptop was randomly selected to have its DNA tested. The swab revealed no toxic or explosive substances, and I passed on to Departures, fully metalled once more.
Nothing to think after,
RM: The goal with this new album was to create a collection of really big pop songs that fit within the boundaries of the term “Wildlife Pop”. It’s not a concept album but it’s more of a complete musical idea as a whole compared to Ordinaire, which was ultramark and myself’s first effort at writing songs together and finding our comfort zones.
Walked away
I don't know why this lower-deck apparition should have reminded me of my first car, which had nothing whatever in common with that Bugatti. But remind me it did, and I was going, for your utter delectation and absolute delight, to post a photo of this car, a 1954 Ford Popular. Most of my photos are stuffed in an envelope. I shook them all out on to the dining room table, but it wasn't there. All I could think of was that at some time or other I'd used it as a bookmark, which is a habit I have with tram tickets, postcards, the occasional letter, receipts and so on. And maybe the odd photo. To find it would mean searching through - oh, I don't know how many books, but the best part of a tidy few. This is quite a bookish household.
So what does Africa offer me? I ask this question, because very often I think we ask the opposite, what can I give Africa? It is important to be able to offer something useful, just as it is for any voluntary endeavour. But my belief (this may yet be proven wrong, I haven’t gone out there yet) is that we still often suffer from the patronising perspective of ‘we teach them and they learn from us.’ Perhaps selfishly I have always known that this experience will give me far more than I will be able to give back. I will try my utmost to be helpful, and share any knowledge that might be of use, but this is a voyage of self discovery for me. And because of that, I have always worried about going out with an organisation that expects me to be the giver. I am definitely the receiver of this experience, and it will be an honour and a privilege to have it.
His instant dance took on a new personality – even though he had rehearsed sections of the dance, it seemed to all come together once the music played. Thats what is supposed to happen… the music puts the soul into the movement.
I was sixteen when I started to publish my own work for free on many sites. Even then I knew technology was the way to go. Of course publishers frowned on Tech, waving their finger of shame. When a site like LULU.com came around I was stunned and happy as heck. This company would allow me to publish my work with no strings attached. A few days later, people with big name publishers spoke out on NBC NIGHTLY NEWS saying “ This is a format that will die, books will never be replaced, anyone wasting their time with this is a joke.” Now fast forward, LULU.com is still around with other sites like Amazon, B&N and Smashwords joining side by side to help who? Not big publishers, SELF-PUBLISHED AUTHORS! :O Crazy right? I mean, don’t they know that the integrity of literature is at stake, what’s their game, they must be doing for fast easy money…oh wait, the publishers already did that when they signed Snookie to a book deal.
Question: Who are your favorite literary villains of all time?
IN BOWL OF STAND MIXER, fitted with paddle attachment, combine all bar base and crumb ingredients
Lets look at this another way. What if that second bottle of Stone was priced accordingly, at just $.05. That would take the price for two bottles of Stone from $13.98 to only $7.04. Now this is a SWEET DEAL! Even the wine snobs would have to agree.
your priority, for in her prosperity shall you also prosper.
the next couple of weeks....
I also found this website recently that has compiled a set of real-life pictures of all the animals discussed in the Burgess Animal Book. I think we will get them printed and create a picture book to go along with our readings.
I mentioned the french fries only because they’re key to describing the chili. Where the chili on the hamburger was largely hidden under the bun, the chili on the fries sat front & center, and I was able to marvel at the little pools of shiny red grease collecting in the hills and valleys the chili formed. I mention this not to damn Tommy and his hamburgers. Fat can provide a pleasing taste and texture, and while I’ve had plenty of lousy greasy sandwiches, some folks can pull it off. I’m happy to tell you that Tommy’s is one of those places. The burger itself is pretty standard issue but the chili sings. It’s thick and smooth, with enough texture to not be slurry but not so chunky that you’ve got stew on top of your burger. My associate speculates that they blend it down to a smooth consistency, perhaps adding oatmeal to thicken it up. Whatever they’re doing, it works. This is the kind of sandwich I was looking for when I started Slummin’ It. It’s a sandwich that revels in its grease but does so artfully. The calorie count is high but not obscene, and fares much better than similar burgers that don’t feature a mound of chili. I find that reassuring, a signal that whatever madness is at play here, someone is keeping an eye on it. This was a fine hamburger to be the first at On Sandwiches, and the easily the first success of Slummin’ It. It was a delicious hamburger, and late on a Saturday night that’s often all you need.
Jackson takes a long drink from his beer and notices Alfonso and Zoe whispering. All this family togetherness, while white-picket-fence nice, makes him feel…awkward. It’s something he knows he’ll never experience.
Louie Rankin - Typewriter
How many kits do I need?
Even if so many mathematicians refused to cooperate with Elsevier that the quality of their journals plummeted, that wouldn’t necessarily force Elsevier to change its ways, since it could continue to bundle its by now rubbishy mathematics journals together with important journals in physics, chemistry and biology. However, it would be a powerful gesture — perhaps even powerful enough for other sciences to follow suit eventually — and at least mathematics would be free of the problem.
I think I have a lot of planning to do.
As P continued to get the coloring equipment set up, the smell of the food started drifting toward me. It smelled just like the horrible stench that I had been smelling since I entered the salon. Could the smell from the burritos be drifting all the way from the back?
to pay attention to all of the detailed information thrown at us by the three
7. Bart Simpson
A4 Gamma Ray Blue
Jesus, who has done great things for us, Amen.
If I owe you money, brother, get in line
Can SABMiller stop them? Dunno. Finance is not what I do. But judging from the speculation and the effect it's having on SABMiller's share price, it seems like a good guess that the answer is no. Especially since the market seems to "want" this to happen.
Helen, although I blog as Crafty Mamma Mia, and I live on the south
It must be irresistible for a publican to throw his hands up and simply sell people what they want. Even Lady Falconburgh's, easily the best beer bar in Southwest Colorado, seems to sell just as many shots of sugary-vodka garbage to college students as it does pints of the fine beers it keeps on tap.
"Ok, Emma, your ok. You lost a tooth, but it will be ok." Amber went to find the tooth while I mopped up blood. I gave Emma a wet paper towel to put in her mouth, then grabbed an ice pack. Her top lip was already swelling, and she just kept oozing blood. I quickly realized that the ice pack was not going to really work. I grabbed a freeze pop instead. Amber had found the tooth and she put it in a container with milk (apparently that keeps the tooth healthy in case they can put the tooth back in). Amber started gathering up her boys so we could all head to the hospital.
His new response posits that the African National Congress worked better than other liberation movements in presenting their case before the international community. To begin with, they had a Freedom Charter that was a model of good intentions. Next, they had clear and logical objectives. Finally, they showed good communicational skills. Their case was "better packaged" than that of other peoples who also fought for their freedom. Such is, in a nutshell, Brett's argument.
Maybe it is time we ask, “Am I afraid to take the time to fit my clothes?” If you looked at your wardrobe, does it inspire you or make you cringe? Personally, I’m starting my piles of what to keep and what to trash from my closet, my supply of patterns, and my fabric. Then I’m going to take my newly fitted muslin dress and create my own patterns for a blouse, skirt, and jacket . . . because I want to be on El No for the right reasons!
Up to No Good (30) – Defeated all Field Ops teams
Once in a while, there comes along a card that has so many design deficiencies and yet the card itself still works. To me, the '98 Pinnacle Perfomers set is a perfect example of terrible design elements that manage to work as a whole. There isn't much that I like about this card - except when viewed as a whole it's fairly snazzy (in a late 90s kind of way). I could see this card making it to Round 2 (and maybe even beyond) but I could also see it getting shut out of the vote entirely.
Chris and I are anti-character (cartoon/TV/corporation variety, that is), but we are inexplicably drawn to Olivia. She would tempt us to throw a birthday party in black, white and red. It would be hard to say no if Amelie begged for a playroom decked out with this charming pig. Olivia is somehow different than the others. We love love love her.
We have nothing
Wherein, breathing, some fragment of night
Despite all of that, I have a great time and a great group of readers. I feel that my readers are some of the most knowledgeable, good humored folks out there, and I'm lucky to have them. I've also been lucky to have many readers who have their own great blogs and who are more than willing to share information and even samples. So thanks to all of you for reading, commenting, discussing and laughing (when appropriate, of course).
Watercolor paper always has to be stretched if you are going to paint watercolor with lots and lots of detail, and if you are painting on Hot Pressed paper. The only paper I use is the Arches brand 300g/m2 Hot Pressed Paper, which is smooth and has a lovely size applied which helps to keep the fibres stable even with 20-30 overlay washes. This is the best stuff folks...if you haven't used it, you are in for a treat...go out and buy some!
Here are the places I have already been to:
the Krylon Clear Choice Art Scholarships, including application forms, visit
Find baby's favorite speed with this innovative portable swing. The Bright Starts™ Sunnyside Safari™ Portable Swing is a win for parents and babies—from its machine-washable padded seat right down to its bright yellow, non-slip feet. With six distinct speeds to choose from, you'll find it easy to suit your little one's mood—and our patented TrueSpeed™ technology keeps those speeds consistent even as baby grows.
TMI again “hit the nail on the AG’s head” when it commented: “Simply put, this man by his statement has shown himself to be incapable of protecting the interest of Christians and non-Muslims in the country.”
Just one more mention for Maggi ;-)......I wanted to show you the fantastic box she made me for Christmas. Its so beautiful and neat - I am in awe! Sorry the photo doesn't fully show how the threads shimmer.
What are you working on next?
The rooms were not huge, and for the above shots the camera was not a great distance above her, so a wide angle lens was generally used and care had to be taken to ensure that most of Holly's torso and limbs were in the same plane, otherwise limbs closer to the camera can looked markedly out of proportion to the rest of the body.
If this was art, it is equal to having Adolf Hitler perform a Jewish wedding. Would really love to hear your views on this subject.
I value this colleague greatly. His choices have been different than my own, but his dedication to his students and his discipline is as strong as mine, if not stronger.
Jared: You're welcome.
To all mothers and mothers-to-be and mothers of furry creatures, Enjoy your day!
That was not the approach that appeared to be chosen by the attorneys.
I’m reminded of the Simpson’s in the episode where Bart gets inducted into Fat Tony’s mob, he says something like this (sorry, could not find Youtube clip): “Is it wrong to steal bread for your family? What if you family don’t want bread, what if they want cigarettes and when if you’re family is everyone and instead of given them away, you sell them the cigarettes at a price that’s PRACTICALLY giving them away? Is that wrong?”
Hi peeps! It seems like forever, that I've not blogged on my next post. Well my fault and I'm sorry as I had to clear most of my work before heading off for a short beach vacation with my best buddy. Where did we head to? We went away soaking up the sand, sun and sea. Jealous yet? LOLs.. A much needed short trip, to be away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Not to worry, I did my level best to take as many photos to share them with you. Hopefully I didn't lose you folks over the past weekend.
if it weren’t for them lighting up the dark boulevard.
In lullaby mode, soft music and a glowing colour-changing light on the tummy sends baby to sleep
Everyone will have their own view, but in my case, I regard the removal of word verification as a basic courtesy to my visitors who are kind enough to take the time to leave comments. Being aware of their comments through comment moderation, but not hindering them with word verification is the very least I can do to reciprocate their courtesy to me.The problem with word verification is that it takes too long. The characters are very often hard to decipher, and it’s frustrating when you get them wrong and have to re-enter the little suckers!So this campaign is on behalf of busy bloggers. Please spare a thought for the poor bloggers who work so hard at getting round as many blogs as possible to leave sprinkles of blessing and good vibes wherever they go. The terrible proliferation of this awful plague of word verification is a blight on their efforts to make the Land of Blog a cheerier place.I think most people don't realise that they have word verification on their blogs by default, or how easy it is to switch it off, and perhaps not realising how annoying it is for other bloggers. Either that, or they’re under the misapprehension that they will be bombarded with spam messages. This is not the case. I’ve had mine switched off now for three of the four months that I’ve been blogging, and have had two spam comments. The responses I’ve had from other bloggers to my earlier posts on this topic back this up. (You can see the comments in response to my previous post on this subject, HERE.)For safety’s sake, have comment moderation on for sure, but please consider canceling word verification on your blog. Maybe for a trial period, and see how you get on.Unless there are thousands of comments being left, comment moderation shouldn’t be too much of an issue for the blog owner, and other bloggers will also be more inclined to leave comments if they can see that you don’t use word verification.However, each to their own, and if you disagree with me, that’s cool. It's your blog after all said & done...........but if we don't ask we don't get LOL
Here is their press release:
So we have:
to repel rebel attacks. We had 240
naisargikīyaṁ matir asya rājan
It all seemed so wrong, but also, so ordained.
The Baptist association is the oldest cooperative unit in Baptist life, tracing its
4. The last movie....was Toy Story 3 I think (theatre) or Date Night here on Blu Ray. Date Night was really funny...of course I love Tina Fey so how could I not like it. She says to Marky Mark (shirtless)Wahlberg..."I bet you do all kinds of things right." I cracked up!
Another High School year was coming to an end. I had plans of going to away for the summer as a Counselor In Training at a Y-Camp up north but plans fell through.
and i sat at a slow moving standstill in the middle of the road,
- I have a new subject for my photos...muah hahaha (that's an evil laugh...get it?)
In our continuous effort to engage with the communities we serve and make that interaction as easy – and cost effective- as possible, Bush Radio, Africa’s pioneering community radio station project, and Mxit, Africa’s largest mobile social network, have joined forces to provide listeners with a way to send messages to the station at 2 moola (that’s two cents!) per message.
Whether we’re questioning our ideas of theological tolerance or our own religious beliefs, that’s the question we have to ask ourselves— was Jesus who He said He was? If not, then we can go on our merry way, but if so, He made some claims that bear tremendous weight— claims that would certainly sound intolerant in the mindset of many people today.
If you wear flip-flops, please make sure you don't have toe-nails that look they belong on some pre-historic beast.
Getting hooded! The commencement speaker P.J. O'Rourke kept our attention in giving his advice. I enjoyed his quote, "Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys."
We see ODT is voicing its campaign using the word “brand”, despite taking the front page today to push slogans mostly. Hmmph.
Now, watch the this skit. It’s free with just one advertisement!
The head of the European Council of Fatwas, this man Qirdawi… How can it be that sheik – he is a sheik, and people refer to him – how did he become an infidel? Because he says something, or does something, without even realizing it, and he goes outside the fold of Islam.
ok so you do know what we did with the middle east after the iran incendent. have not seen to much come out obout that over the years no worries they are better at keeping their mouth shut than other people we know. i can say yes we did actively work these cases and if they had let us continue we would not be in this boat. it suprises me as well olly seems to have able to main stream himself and not say a word about things. i am still to this day most impressed with him. anyway interesting reading, yes most lifer sgts do have a way with words and putting it on the table like it should be. most officers are over educated and a waste of good space on an aircraft.
There is no set price for the boxes, which are located around Edinburgh.
But the cyclery of “Combat” or “Challenge” to RISE against brother/sister must be brought to light to reflect the game of what you label or logo as the other side/dark/negative etc….
At Westchester Country Club, par 36
The “Dark Tricksters” can only progress so far down the path they have chosen before stagnation of growth occurs wherein they eventually realize the “error” they have made. Again, they made no real error. They, like you, were created by God in perfection, and given free will to choose as they see fit. These ones could be looked upon as great teachers with a VERY strong conviction of self. They play a crucial role in challenging all students progressing along the unfolding journey of Life as ones explore the inner world of Spiritual Energies which permeate ALL levels of existence—often referred to as the God Force.
3/4 C. melted butter
One of the reasons I wanted to write about marriage here, was because a lot of my heart has been consumed with these horrible feelings and fears that our marriage was coming to an end. That our love story, full of these rich, deep moments - a few that I've shared here this week - was about to have it's very last chapter written. I wanted to write all of this down so that I would remember - the past, the scenes in our marriage that were life changing. And that I would remember what this looked like and felt like - when we found ourselves in this hole.
Scallops, with White fish over smashed potatoes
“This is HUGE.”
God had told Ananias the very same thing and this man of God reacted positively and proceeded to do that which God willed. Truly this is the kind of reference all of us would desire: the testimony of a godly man. But the world does not want that kind of reference for it does not conform to its man-made motivations. So when Paul used this testimony, the unbelieving Jews took offence.
Yet for me – still Immortal,
To answer your question: Yes! We've already been praying!
Wearing makeup — but not gobs of Gaga-conspicuous makeup — apparently can help. It increases people’s perceptions of a woman’s likability, her competence and (provided she does not overdo it) her trustworthiness, according to a new study, which also confirmed what is obvious: that cosmetics boost a woman’s attractiveness.
Not at all!! My parents had 5 children and didn’t have any fertility issues with any of us.
Savannah has such an amazing knack for combining oodles of designer paper patterns to create such eye catching cards! Have you seen all of the paper piecing that she does? Talk about a lot of work that pays off so wonderfully in the end!
