I don't know about you, but I recon the best people to ask about the seasons are gardeners. We know when to plant, protect, sow and grow in order to make sure we have full bellies all year round.
SEC. 3. Docket and other lawful fees; proof of service of petition. – Unless he has theretofore done so, the petitioner shall pay the corresponding docket and other lawful fees to the clerk of court of the Supreme Court and deposit the amount of P500.00 for costs at the time of the filing of the petition. Proof of service of a copy thereof on the lower court concerned and on the adverse party shall be submitted together with the petition.
Get on with it I suppose.
There’s another beatitude in today’s reading in verse 12: “Blessed are those you discipline, Lord, those you teach from your law.” So two readings and, so far, two beatitudes. This Psalm is packed full and I want to note simply that the Psalmist has his eyes upon the Lord his fortress, his Rock.
In less than a month, hundreds of fans will swarm to New York’s Gramercy Theater to watch grown men play Game Boys onstage. However, games are the last things on these performers’ minds as they twist these four-bit sound chips to their will and turn these retro game systems into musical instruments in a three-day celebration of chiptune music and culture.
There’s also a remote play feature, which allows you to use the Vita to take control of your PS3. In theory this means you can play PS3 games on the PS Vita over a network. Some titles work already though many don’t, and Sony is keeping its cards close to its chest about how functional the Remote Play feature will be moving forward.
What is significant about Brancusi past the beauty of the artifacts he produced is the process of making and creating that constantly evolved over his life and career. He was interested not with the outer form but the underlying idea of the form – the very essence of the thing. What he captured in bronze and stone and wood is breathtaking. The beauty of “the thing” is found in its abstract simplicity. Comprehension of this design construct eluded me for a long time, but when it clicked, I’ve been hooked since. I can (and have) sit in a room with his work
After scientists report a recent burst of solar activity and the arrival of the summer collections, we turn once again to the mail-bag and yet another Gentleman’s query upon all things concerning Tanning.
We gain much by being willing to move from place to place. Exposure to new places and people, greater financial stability, career advancement, adventure–these are all benefits of our mobile society.
Nationwide,jobs in the oil and gas industry are projected to grow 6.4 percent by 2016. Demand will grow for geologists,engineers, administrative assistants,sales and marketing reps,financial analysts,fleet mechanics,truck drivers,heavy-equipment operators,machinists and pipefitters.
like I need to put it out there.
Here are a few pictures from Read to Self after the first month of school.
One more card added to my stock, so I'm happy - hope you enjoy your visit here today, thanks for taking the time to check out my project.
We don’t do it intentionally. In fact, it is the best of intentions that allows it to happen. We want to find a way for others to connect to the church so we end up offering programs we can’t sustain or do better than churches already doing them. Likewise, we expend a lot of sideways energy and resources maintaining once-successful programs long after they have reached their peak of usefulness.
Central dispute: are decisions which are made outside the existing rule of law, in order to preserve legal and constitutional order, themselves part of the legal order? Schmitt's argument depends on an affirmative answer.
There were nights sitting in the car making out with my husband back when we were still dating. Nights friends and I spent driving around just listening to music. Early mornings that I miraculously stayed awake on my way to my five AM shift to open at Starbucks thanks to that car's amazing sound system.
I stood there long enough to have enough sand wash out from below my feet that the top of my feet were covered. There are two things that can happen with that, either you panic and fall as the sand is washed away, or you get lost in the experience and just continue to sink. Isn’t that a great picture of sin. Either we get lost in the process until we again, are buried, or we panic and fall down at the feet of Jesus so that He can raise us back up.
Someone I really could care for
Like the above site says, Face Dances and It's Hard demos are hard to find. If you like Pete's demos, try out the Scoop series and his solo albums. The demos here could've easily ended up on one of Pete's solo albums from that era - Empty Glass or All The Best Cowboys Have Chinese Eyes.
Seriously, can you imagine coloring every one of these?
Three days after their 20th wedding anniversary, he made good on that threat.
Part murder mystery, part tale of young love in a military family, this gripping story takes readers on a journey from Pensacola to Annapolis. Leo and Audrey must band together to rise above the adversity they encounter and find their true selves in the process. When everything’s
Whiteboard
“You never try,” he voiced out casually even as he stared at her intently.
Quick homebrew update - The Missionary Position is still rollin' away. It has slowed a bit, so fermentation will be done soon, allowing us to pitch Batch XX on top of it. Batch 19 will be a pale ale here shortly. We've gotta do something that will be drinkable before the end of year soon, and a good American Pale Ale seems to be the favorite. Check back for updates.
you are my nicest thing.
And the next book.
Believe in yourself and the stories you want to tell.
Ajumogobia,” and asked for assistance “to tip the scale in
2. The Salafi and the Belly Dancer. Madame Badia Masabni opened her cabaret in Cairo in 1926, creating the modern form of the ancient art of raqs sharqi or the belly dance; at her cabaret on Opera Square such famous names as Tahia Carioca (who danced at King Farouq's wedding) and Nadia Gamal would achieve stardom. Two years later, in 1928, Sheikh Hasan al-Banna founded the Muslim Brotherhood. Since the 1920s belly dancing and political Islam have rarely intersected without friction; Madame Badia's cabaret was one of the first targets attacked and burned on Black Saturday in 1952. The Egyptian belly-dance scene has gone downhill since the 1950s when a wave of puritanism (socialist then in motivation rather than Islamic) started imposing restrictions. Some fear Islamist dominance could spell its end. But perhaps not: popular Salafist Sheikh Muhammad Hassan has recently been promoting the idea of raising funds to replace the $1,3 billion in aid Egypt gets from the US. Now one of Egypt's best-known belly-dancers, who goes by the name Lucy, has announced she will donate her earnings from a forthcoming television drama to Sheikh Hassan. Sheikh Hassan's views on this do not appear to have been reported.
Applying that principle to photography, I thought it would be fun to work on my light painting technique and experiment with capturing some star trails.
I began to think of all the past hurts I have had in my life. I saw them in my mind as rocks in a backpack I was carrying around. I didn't think they affected my life, on a day to day basis. However, as I try to change things in my life, I realize I can't. I have to pull out a rock from my backpack, and let God restore me through that hurt. Then and only then, can he change the way I act and think. This year, a little rock at a time, God is going to restore past hurts, and in turn, Glorify himself through me.
but Manuela tugged at his hand forcefully.
Karin is hosting a great place to link up to see everyone's 2011 favorites.
Yes? No.
Contains Skin & Coat Conditioners to Maintain a Healthy Luxurious Coat
For a supposedly "intelligent" species born with free will, why are we willingly, knowingly destroying our one and only home? What other species does that?
more times than not.
So, I get there and figure this is so routine for these techs..
I prayed very hard before going home for Thanksgiving break, for an opportunity to share with my mom regarding God’s call on her life. One day we were alone in the kitchen doing dishes together and I knew this was the moment God had prepared. I asked my mom if she had thought about my letter and she said, “A little. I don’t know what to think about it.”
This made life so much easier and in no time at all I had my shop doors fitted and their handles attached. Again the dremel came in handy for this.
Audiences can expect an intensely imaginative, darkly humorous, and emotionally rich landscape in Smudge. I don’t imagine that it will be possible to be indifferent to the incredibly challenging parent/child relationship at the heart of the story and it will probably elicit a whole slew of reactions.
One of the last adorable Gussie traits to gush about is his very expressive eye brows and ears. Visualize Gromit of Wallace and Gromit. The ears I swear are on ball bearings. They can swivel so quickly and move in such odd positions, it’s uncanine at times. The eye brows can rise and arch so high, the eyes almost look like they have migrated to the top of his head. I liken his eyes to the Puss-in-Boots character in the Shrek movies. You know, when the Puss plays on the awe-what a cute-puddy-tat appeal to get his way. When it’s time for Gus to go to his own bed because it’s night time, he just about breaks my heart. His ears droop practically to his knees (and they are short ears), the brows migrate to the top of his head and the eyes become huge limpid pools of sorrow. He’ll then ooze of the bed with a kathump onto the floor and walk slowly out of our bedroom, glancing a few times at us as he walks out, head hanging resignedly down almost scraping the floor. If my dog could speak human, he’d say, “it’s alright, I don’t mind, I can move, if I have to, I guess.” Who woulda thought, my dog is related to Red Green of the Red Greed Show (eh?)
Add in Tourism figures and one can see this gas field is not making sense for the people of Ireland.. and as for investing in Tamboran.. well well well (if you pardon the pun)..
i am thankful how he now makes so many sacrifices for me to be a stay at home mom...because even though it is the hardest job it is the BEST job and i feel so blessed to be with my girls and watch them grow...because it goes by too fast and i don't want to miss a thing.
A little information: Our challenges are held every Friday, starting at 12:00am EST, with the challenge closing on Wednesday, 11:59pm EST and the winners being announced every Friday right along with the next challenge.
An average of 10 “sensitizing” chemicals or allergens were found in the 17 fragrances tested in the report. These chemicals can cause severe allergic reactions including asthma, wheezing and headaches, and are found in more than just perfumes or colognes.
Perhaps some of the people signing this petition have considered these issues. Perhaps some are even prepared to see families homeless and begging on the street. But I doubt it. Like all such calls for punishment, there is rhetoric, without consideration of the effects.
How are you affected by being moved around
In the wake of a rough start, I wanted to pursue the year with passion-- with INTENTION.
"Then, I'm sorry for you."
HENRY JAGLOM: Well I think she's the most exciting new talent out in Hollywood today. And I don't want to let her get away, and I don't want her to be picked up just to do junky things. She's being offered all kinds of stuff, she's very versatile. I think she's great, and I want her career to zoom, so I think putting her under contract is a good smart business decision. I'm doing my version of David O Selznick.
Yet He found me; I beheld Him
At his Feb. appt he was 25 3/4 in long and 13lbs.
Happy Holidays
Whether they come from your garden or your local grocery store, flowers are a wonderful way to enjoy the Creator's handiwork up close!
You see, I don’t really want to get her christened. Because I don’t believe in all that ‘magic being’ stuff, the idea of it makes me squirm.
"Let's go in and look." he said.
1 woolly
Glaring a la Wanda
Featuring: gilli moon, j.walker and other extraordinary songwriters and poets in the round. See Featured performers listed below. Artists, songwriters and the general public - come and support our showcases with original music artists!
"How many of the staff speak Spanish?" I asked, knowing Lol doesn't.
intimate contact
Rossouw Cillier, Pieter’s brother, bristled as he pointed to the bullet holes in the panelled kitchen of the farmhouse near Ceres in the Western Cape. “They shot him through the fridge from the back door — the bullets came straight through here, into his heart. He never had a chance,” he said.
See, I'm whipping a zero draft into an acceptable first. But my Inner Editor keeps chasing me down rabbit holes (she's ultra focused, see: Border Patrol). I shoulda knocked out three chapters today, but only got through one because I was being, yanno, all precious with the words.
I don't actually believe that, at bottom, writing historical fiction is any different from writing any other kind of fiction: characterisation, structure, prose, plot, process... We're writing for readers now, and so all those things must work for witers and readers Now. But the usual challenges come in different proportions, because of the fundamental definition of historical fiction - at least that of Margaret Atwood, which is the only definition which is useful for a writer.: "fiction set in a time before the writer came to consciousness."
The fact is we are wimps. We are not cut our for such severity - and for us it is severe. We can go a decade with mild wet winters where the rail networks' only problem is 'leaves on track'. Then bam, It hits us. It hit us last winter and this winter it's just the same and suddenly we're all talking about snow chains, shovels and proper grippy boots.
Being a mom is difficult. I imagined myself as a mom and it definitely is tiring. First of all, the pregnancy. And then, educating the kids to become a well-behaved human. And then, teaching the kids how to fit in the society well. And then, ensuring that the kids do not make friends with wrong people. And then, making the kids excel at everything because you just want to see that kid on top of everyone else. See? It’s not easy. It’s one painfully hard task. I think every single mom deserve an award.
“Don’t wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect conditions. So what. Get started now. With each step you take, you will grow stronger and stronger, more and more skilled, more and more self-confident and more and more successful.”
7 pm – 10 pm Karaoke, Sideline’s Sports Grille, Florence. Free, Contact: 256-764-3131
And the ending, where her Christian former slave suffocates her to save her from a painful death for being a pagan and a witch, was not nearly as harsh as reality. According to historical records, a Christian mob kidnapped her from her chariot, stripped her naked, flayed her alive with sharp potsherds, and then dragged her skinned body through the streets.
The idea here is to bring passion back to compassion; not including change with change. Make every moment of compassion an intimate encounter.
I won't be surprised if it's the Drum and Monkey.
I have the wonderful honour of being part of a surprise Mojo Monday Baby Blog Hop for Julee! If you haven't heard, she is expecting twin boys in mid-March, so we wanted to share our love, support and happiness for Mark and Julee on the upcoming birth of their sons :)
I hope you enjoyed today's projects. I will be back again this week to share more. Thanks so much for stopping by.
Sometimes, (when i'm pushed to do so) i go through them again. And again. And again. And occasionally delete the odd one or two. (Emphasis on the one or two)
Hmm, and there was I hoping that it might be something like the scene in one of the Wodehouse novels where an incompetent minstrel band has one of its members declaring, 'ha, ha I finished first'.
I followed up our bottles from last week with a little bit of glass and a lot more colour. We reviewed the brush-handling technique of ‘feathering’ an edge and discussed several things including good, old light and shadow. You might wonder why there is a doodle of a football on my demonstration sheet. It was used to illustrate a tenet of ellipse theory. A true ellipse does not have pointy ends like the football.
spent time with him. In my experience, other film makers haven’t
-Calico Amber Lager
Anyway, I keep a bucket, trash can (overflowing at this point...awesome). and the extra cat little usually under the tub and I wanted a way to disguise it. I googled around for some ideas and pieced together a way to create a skirt for the utility tub.
"For as long as I can remember, I loved to peruse through vintage shops, second hand stores and garage sales. My mother would take me to Chinatown in Downtown Honolulu and as she looked for fresh vegetables, herbs, spices and seafood for her delicious gourmet meals, I just couldn't wait to be "cut loose" to wonder through the mazes and sometimes messes of the old Hawaii vintage shops."
The CS is SU, the Seeds Catalogue is from K&Company, the ribbon unknown., I may add a few buttons or flowers on the ribbon, not sure yet.
My strawberry plants were purchased on clearance last year as were many of my perennial herbs. I also have three knock out rose bushes purchased on clearance and some salvia as well. A very little amount of TLC and they are doing great!
What of?
It's just hit me that Christmas is practically tomorrow and I haven't even taken down my Fall decorations.
I'm looking forward to the memories we will be making and the experiences yet to be had, but for right now...
Answer: Chocolate contains an active ingredient called theobromine, which is toxic to pets. Theobromine is a stimulant that pets are more sensitive to than people and can cause hyperactivity, elevated heart rate, twitching and tremoring, vomiting and diarrhea and, worst of all, seizures.
"The question is: can you go over the top without a disaster, like a worldwide plague or a nuclear war between India and Pakistan? If we go on at the pace we are there's going to be various forms of disaster. Some maybe slow motion disasters like people getting more and more hungry, or catastrophic disasters because the more people you have the greater the chance of some weird virus transferring from animal to human populations, there could be a vast die-off."
i hope you find inspiration.
I already knew from wise people's experience not to buy a full bottle unsniffed; even more, not to buy a full bottle without having tested the fragrance for at least a day, if not more. I began stalking Sephora, local counters, perfumeries in search of something different, wonderful, puzzlying, something to call my own. I started with the classics, the problem being the ones I wanted to smell the most were nowhere to be found. I moved on to mainstream gems, but nothing caught my heart. And then, out of all places, I found it in a niche perfumery in Warsaw - it beckoned me with a scent somewhere from my childhood (of course!), somewhere from my dreams. I had it on my mind for days before venturing out to Nordstrom to grab a sample; and then it was just a couple of days more until I was ordering a full bottle all for myself.
I keep my camera, camera cord and a note pad there.
This just came ... as if there was a need to write it. Oh, Wolves and Ravens are always near me, it has become my way. But this Wolf is different. Although all wolves are true blue ... this one Pup ... well he is especially true blue ... or at least that is what he wishes me to say ... to the love of his life. This is for Sherry and for The Thursday Think Tank (animals) prompt.
Paper/cardboard (roll of toilet paper works well)
Considering all, it is unnatural for us to expect anyone, even someone as strong as Emma, to breeze through this radical change of event. She has some weak moments, burrowing under her blanket, even sleeping in her roommates bed, but all this makes her real. She is a very strong individual who loves to argue so her career in law is well-suited, but we see this trait throughout the story and it has some humorous outcomes. A fireball in the courtroom, Emma is somewhat clumsy, vulnerable, and, yes, quirky outside of the courtroom.
There is a great and evil slander laid upon those who call for control and common sense in open-door immigration. They are demonised as “Nazis” and “Racists", and accused of following Hitler when really we follow Winston Churchill. The slur shows the deep hatred for the British people of the media, political, intellectual and cultural elites have - we fought Nazism and many lost family in that war.
JoyGrenade
A few weeks ago I made a couple of batches of banana bread, attempting to improve it but ultimately deciding that the first recipe had been the best. You can recap that experiment here. Still convinced that I could improve the recipe, I made another batch with a couple of changes, and LOVED IT TO PIECES. So this morning I attempted to recreate the amazing version so I could share that recipe with confidence.
It spoke volumes that while Lisa stepped forward so she could defend me, Grue and Alec didn’t. The dogs tentatively passed through the open gate, but hung back in deference to their master.
From Olson’s Introduction we learn how and why he came to write this book:
As always, my images are copyright protected and available to you as wall art prints, wraps, and other merchadise. More info available on my “About” page. You can click on any of my images to see them in HIGH RES. Thanks for visiting!
Pull leaves from stalk of kale and tear into small pieces. Thinly slice the stalk. Place in a medium bowl. Blend dressing ingredients together in blender until smooth. Massage the kale with dressing for about 5 minutes. Stir in the rest of salad ingredients and allow to sit for 30 minutes while the flavors meld. Enjoy!
The public has learned a lot about Anthony, her family and friends since the 22-year-old mother was arrested last summer — and that’s largely because of Florida’s broad public-records laws.
Tanwen refuses to believe her beloved is truly gone. Under pressure from her family to wed another from their village, Tanwen retreats to the solace of Cavan, the wise woman’s son. His unrequited love for her sparks Cavan to reveal what has really become of Peredur—he is now a vampire.
Please bring your choice of ONE (or more) of the following:
*Grape coloring pages - http://www.coloring.ws/fruit3.htm - might be fun to cut out circle pictures of family and friends to put on the grapes as a reminder of who we are to be kind too.
10. Before Biblical Judaism ceased to exist, salt was mixed with animal sacrifices. This originated from Moses in Leviticus 2:13 which states: “Whatsoever sacrifice thou offerest, thou shalt season it with salt, neither shalt thou take away the salt of the covenant of thy God from thy sacrifice. In all thy oblations thou shalt offer salt.” The salt was a symbol of wisdom and discretion.
The very first sentence was;
5. Losing My Religion…12 years of Catholic School..nuff said.
Sample Dinner Menu (Subject To Change)
How does it apply to the Oracle and possibly the Creator?
CHITIJI
This is what mom laziness will do for ya:
No sooner does she learn the cost of ignoring him when Keon, Dominique's ex husband, is found dead. On the day of the funeral Dominique meets her former brother in-law, Trammel, for the first time.
A newie from a group which also features a member of the boffo Texas Psychedelic rompers ST 37, an act I believe I reviewed a few times in my rather illustrious career! That mere fact should prove these gals' (and guys'???) pedigree is pretty high on the BLOG TO COMM scale, and not only that but the fact that this group's named after a pretty hotcha Bela Lugosi film has me paying a whole lot more attention'n if they were named "Love Story" or "Mercy Hummpe" for that matter. Lee Ann Cameron sings nice 'n sultry on these tracks that seem to borrow from a wide variety of psycho-sixties sources Texas and otherwise, while lead guitarist Lisa Cameron might have been channeling Stacy Sutherland from her lava lamp for all I know. And what's even better is that this group actually had the 'nads (!) to reshape the theme from THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN here 'n turn it into the next to last track entitled "Nothing Left To Say"! They did a pretty convincing job passing it off as their own, which I gotta say adds up to something if you're a sneaky kinda person like I am! As these recordings as well as those by such acts as the Tix and Plastic Idols would indicate, the soaring power of the Thirteenth Floor Elevators never did escape the boundaries of the Texas! Try to seek it out, which in these times shouldn't be that hard to do (or so the guy tryin' to hook us up to internet keeps tellin' us).
How can green tea or water compete with that? Why don't they just GIVE IT AWAY... and continue the downward spiral of health and vitality in our country? Why? Because they don't have to. They make it up in volume... millions are ADDICTED to Coke and Diet Coke, Mountain Dew and Dr. Pepper.. and it won't stop.
talking out of your ass
Anyway......here is my sample page using this gorgeous paper!
Voon T and Mitchell A, ‘Implications of WTO Law for Plain Packaging of Tobacco Products’ in Andrew Mitchell et al (eds), Public Health and Plain Packaging of Cigarettes: Legal Issues (Edward Elgar, 2012) (with Tania Voon).
b) half-naked youths
End Period: April 20, 2011
In the end the distractions of civil war and usurpation meant that an already weaker and poorer Western Empire was nibbled at its edges and then from within by barbarians, who had always taken advantage of Roman weakness. Finally the loss of territory meant there was no money and no army to hold even what was left together. The emperorship became so debased that the last puppets who held the title were barely worth deposing. Even the once coveted supreme military title of magister utriusquae militiae became not worth keeping - the Burgundian prince Gundobad rose to this rank, but gave it up to pursue royal power amongst his tribe instead. When the last emperor, the teenager Romulus Augustulus, was finally deposed he was considered so worthless and harmless that he was not even seen as worth killing. He was given a pension and sent to live with his relatives in the country. The once great Empire of the Romans no longer existed because no-one saw it as worth maintaining.
So thank you to everybody who has come here to read what I've written and to comment. I have loved reading your comments and your blog posts as well, and I hope to meet you again -- at the flags, perhaps, or beyond.
My work days are spent mostly inside around people who I really won’t write about, so, when I had the opportunity to be OUT today, I stopped somewhere for lunch.
It's a sad existence.
I’ve told this relative how annoying he is (in a nice way, of course). Yet he continues to do it and says it’s a “habit.”
Step 5: From there, simply reboot and enjoy CyanogenMod 9 on your device!
∙ drinking water in rivers and streams- water treatment facilities will be wrecked. b. Massive quantities of water usurpation
OK, but I am going to want a even lower ISO at some point.
He was mad when Frankenstein used up all the hot water during his shower.
at the moment
Measuring Brain Activity At Night
A SHORT POSTSCRIPT TO “WILL WE EVER LEARN? CONTRA INTERVENTION”
U. S. foreign relations with the nuclear equipped country Pakistan comes to mind. Yet their governing officials and military hierarchy appear to be at odds internally over the true nature of our two countries relationship. Billions of U.S. tax dollars are given annually to aid this nation. Where do our monies go, especially during this time when our own nation faces financial difficulties? Are our dollars wending their way into funding weapons and support for Taliban troops fighting U.S. soldiers? Are our dollars lining the pockets of Pakistan officials? Are our dollars actually aiding an appreciative Pakistan citizenry?
largely
For having all these awesome eco-friendly qualities, the toothbrushes are also cost conscious. They are sold in 12-packs for $36 and average out to less than the plastic store-brands. Environmental Toothbrushes are definitely worth the switch.
This Weeks Challenge:
I’m back in the Congo after an unusually pleasant flight. For once, the stewardess didn’t give me a funny look when I used the hot towel to dampen the soles of my feet. The other passengers in first class, who were diplomats and ministers, knew better than to complain about my creative use of the toiletries. An aluminium tube 30,000 feet above sea level is the wrong place for an argument with a gorilla.
Honey – Food for bees, made by bees. Can cause allergic reactions. Used as a coloring and an emollient in cosmetics and as a flavoring in foods. Should never be fed to infants. Alternatives: in foods—maple syrup, date sugar, syrups made from grains such as barley malt, turbinado sugar, molasses; in cosmetics—vegetable colors and oils.
10. Harder Than Your Husband (featuring Jimmy Carl Black)
Inouye (D-HI)
Don’t give up. Not saying I am, but I do know when it’s time to let it be. Stand back. Take a break, breathe and see what happens next. Maybe get rid of that annoying anxiety that keep getting in the way. Just maybe. Can I do that? Got no other options, so I have to.
I mourn the loss of my fairytale romance.
An RSPCA spokesman said: “We have found new homes for a record number of horses over the past year but we simply cannot keep up with the flood of animals which need our help because of terrible neglect and cruelty. We face a huge £3.2 million bill just to care for the influx of ponies and horses which does not include vet bills or prosecution costs. To help ease the crisis we are urging people to foster one of our youngsters until it is old enough to be prepared for work and we can find it a new home.”
The surgery is now finished, and Sam is headed to the CICU for recovery. The Glenn portion of the surgery is over and looks pretty good; however, there is one tiny snafu...the vegetation next to his tricuspid valve has gone missing! Where is it? Nobody knows! If it left the heart, that means it went somewhere else in the body; possibilities include the extremities, the gastrointestinal tract, the lungs, or the brain. The brain would be the worst-case scenario. There is some concern that it went there because the oxygen saturation levels on the right side of his head were somewhat low. Now (of course!) that may mean nothing--lots of possible causes.
Both the US and China are growing older, but China is growing older faster. As a result the economic potential of the US looks surprisingly promising compared to that of China over time. For example, both in the US and China, the percentage of workers …
But get a load of my six! Who thinks up these names! "Kitty Piddle" is my favorite! I told Lee we can share them and see which ones we like. He just laughed and said not mine but I'll share yours. He thinks he's funny! I can't wait to try them all. I will be saving the bottles. I'll have to take a picture of them to show you what I do with them. :0)
Project #9
Both of my sisters have inherited my father’s intense struggle for happiness. I’ve had my own battles. Depression for me has often taken the form of an intense, existential loneliness. A loneliness too painful for tears. A solitude so overwhelming it winds you. I understand how depression can be so consuming that it feels like a force of nature that can’t be contained or controlled. Like a hurricane that destroys or contaminates everything that was once beautiful. Whether you look around or in mirror all you see is rot, is decay. All you see stinks, reeks. Everything is dead or dying. Everything is distorted and lying. I’m talking about what you see, not what is. I’m talking about what you feel, not what is true.
Meet Molly!!!
But there’s just one thing I need
Spring Session: Spring session will run April 30 through June 22, 2012 (application deadline April 15th). The Spring Session will be split into two 4-week sessions. You can apply for the first 4-week session or the second 4-week session or the full 8-weeks.
"There comes a point where the mental illness has to stop being the focus of your life. Once you are treated, your world is no longer about depression or mania. It is about living your life -- making a nice dinner, reading a book, or writing one, going to a PTA meeting, and feeling comfortable about it. It's no longer thinking of yourself as a "patient." But you still have to deal with reality. And reality is hard."
Please, friends. Regale me, because I, for one, am nonplussed.
Look up
So today's my birthday, and baby boy turned one month on the 27th. It's been a crazy year. It was really trying at times, but it ended on such a happy note.
Now when you are ready to eat. These do NOT work well in a microwave. They taste okay and it's hard to get them heated all the way through and they get a little soft. But the oven works wonderful. Preheat the oven to 350 and then cook for about 25 minutes.
You choose the closest yet cheapest parking lot after cluncking through the laneways and nearly taking out eight people on eight separate occasions, take your parking ticket from the machine, which you will pay at least $19 for later (when you have to do the whole thing in reverse), find a park, which by that time will probably be on the roof with no cover, and you rush to the elevator to find it stinking of hobo piss, ride down and rush to your office, cursing the day you ever wanted to work in the city.
Besides the beginning-as-north-pole narrative, there are actually a lot of possibilities for the history of the universe. WLC mentions one, the oscillating universe, which he quickly dismisses.
Taslin said, "Follow close. Anything could separate us."
by Ursula Poznanski
It doesn't matter if it's just half an inch either smaller or larger I can work with that without too much trouble, it's when the Squares tend to be much larger it causes me a problem. I know it's difficult to get the Squares exact, if anyone can give us advice in the comments I'd very much appreciate it. Of course we are all using different yarn which probably causes the problem.
CANADIAN soldier roughing up an Insurgent
“We have worked so hard for this,” Virginia told the Inquirer outside the Supreme Court building, where she had joined scores of Luisita farmers to thank the magistrates for their ruling.
WU: Describe your style.
Imagine if skill acquisition was like an onion.
I had heard about ALBA when I attended a talk at Stanford University and was really intrigued by their work. When we started developing the farm worker section of our website, we went to tour ALBA’s land and learn more.
I’m still hoping to make their little corner of the house special, although I’ve done absolutely NOTHING so far. We’re starting this week—really. Maybe some fun sheets, two cute mobiles, a small rug? I’m not completely sure yet, but considering the countdown is on, I’ll be making (and sharing) these decisions with you in the near future.
My mom worked evenings at the hospital and my father, on the weekends, would go to a friend’s house where they drank beer and sang bad karaoke. He would leave me and my brother with strict instructions to be in bed by eight o’clock. The two of us would sit on the couch, watch tv, eat Oreos and drink milk until eight-thirty (take that dad!), then head to bed. One night as we were watching television, our floors started shaking and we looked up from our cookies and milk and walked over to the front door. That’s when we realized that the mini earthquake was caused by speakers playing bass with the volume turned all the way up. I grabbed a kitchen chair and we took turns staring in awe at what was happening just outside our door.
Here's a (somewhat blurry) close-up of the flower section. I like the effect of the doubled strand of variegated thread.
today we had to go to costco. my kids always see the new gilbert, az LDS temple being built behind costco and beg to go see the temple so pretty much every time we go to costco, we go see the temple (up close), too. today the kids were able to bring home a sparkly piece of the temple which made all the kids happy & excited!
August, it seems so simple. But just as everything seems as though it should be simple to most people, it’s not to me.
I thought I would make it a special Eid tradition for us. Muslims are not permitted to tattoo themselves permanently, therefore henna is a great halal (permissable) way for us to decorate our body on special occasions...and the good thing about it is that if it looks awful, it won't last forever (not like permanent tattoos).
Can you see the significance of this? A Man commanding the ancient gates to lift up! Perhaps a lone inhabitant of the Heavenly City dares to speak up:
I'd be writing a book instead of goofy blog posts.
But the ugly truth that can be seen in the wake of a riot is that destroying those who succeed does not spread their success around, it destroys the destroyers. A community in the wake of a riot is not better for having driven away the storeowners. It is poorer, more miserable and more deprived. It has injected itself with another dose in the cycle of violence, looting the ever-diminishing remains of a local economy until nothing is left but empty storefronts and a few food stamp bodegas sheathed in bulletproof glass.
Eventually, of course, something happens to change all this. No one can resist the eroticism of Egypt for long. Bodies sweat, become curious, then wake despite themselves. It is then that the expertise of the writer becomes apparent. The desultory and arid setting of the Nile becomes the necessary background for the rest of the book. Like all of us, Sally is capable of misinterpreting people. Her mistress, Lady Lucie Duff Gordon (a historical figure) is courageous and has always helped people in distress, and so when she says: 'I'm not surprised Sally Naldrett, to find you capable of this.' Sally believes it is clearly an indication of her admiration of her loyal maid.
They said :
Anyways, we're having a nice, low-key weekend. R and I got out for a solo dinner for the first time in a long long time, and it was really nice. We need to do that more often. We're starting to make our holiday plans and it's kind of exciting - Julia obviously will be way more into the holidays this year than last year, and I'm also calmer because I feel a lot more secure about handling a baby and holiday shopping, cards, etc. We're going to blink and it's going to be spring! Until then, I have many much things to do.
Last night I actually made two recipes.Carne Asada and the Halibut Ceviche. I will post the Carne Asada tomorrow. So the first thing I had to do was get the marinade going for the meat. You don't want to get your ceviche going until it is about 3 to 4 hours away from meal time. Even though the fish only "cooks" in the citrus juices, it can over cook and be kind of rubbery.
A quiet journey home, exhausted but content.
Mildred Packer.
We do not keep wild animals as pets. We don’t think hamsters and Cocker Spaniels are wild animals.
Thanks to all of you who left some love!
*”Come on. Lane couldn’t close a car door.”
- Glorification of left lunatic fringe elements
Anyway, that's the ice hockey connection in my series thus far.
Sure enough, once I explained to one of the guys there that the name of my charity was the one plastered across the bright orange T-shirt I had on (“Cure JM. No, not Cure Jim. J. M. Juvenile Myositis. Yeah. It’s no cancer, but it keeps me busy.”), he hit a couple buttons on his phone and in a minute, I had my answer.
Since then I have been having the salon remove the polish, which is fine, but it costs $20. Add the Shellac and I am paying $55 for someone to paint my nails. Crazy!
I still don't have a good answer for that one.
Unfortunately for two contestants last night, the show proved to be more of a challenge than originally thought. Last night we said goodbye to Jaclyn Murray, 26 from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Murray suffered a severe anxiety attack and after being rushed to receive medical attention, Murray decided to pull out of the show.
Chateau Gaudrelle (Rochecorbon): Great stuff. Nice white with a little oak on it. Lovely dessert wine. Alas, no room in the suitcase. Plus, the winemaker was shooting down everything I wanted to pair the wine with. I may have a lot to learn, but he didn't have to be so snotty. Oh well. There are other, nicer producers for me to buy from!
Being that NewYear's will be here before we know it, I am working on a couple of great New Year's Images to be released next week so stay tuned here in blog land and/or with the newsletter to see what I have come up with!
Lucky for her, I was a straight A student, really no trouble at all, at least until my teenage years. Unluckily for me, that wasn’t enough to keep me flying under the radar. Every time my brother did something wrong, it may as well have been both of us. I was punished equally, every single time.
Where they play the right music, getting in the swing
I hear them sometimes, you see, they are not always around. Through the dark alleys, they follow me. They are no longer the source of my panic. They like to whisper my name, for they know I’m vulnerable to whispers. Their desire to destroy me is as strong as my desire to put my mind to rest. I think I might as well love them…
Caps by White Star@CLtheBaddestFemale.com
4/27 Day 64 F: I got three consecutive hours last night! And what is even better is that when I woke up that first time when the baby roused, he was dry! My brain was a little woozy from all that sleep but I managed to get him up over a container to have a very impressive wee. Had we not done that he would have soaked through and if I hadn’t been fast enough he could have peed clear into the next house. We went right back to sleep. He was still nursing when I drifted off and the I woke up two hours later and he was wet and fussing and when I opened the flat with one hand to assess the situation while still lying down and nursing, the spigot was straight up. Yikes! I didn’t think I had enough time to maneuver so I pulled the flat out a bit more and aimed his penis down and cued him to go so I could catch it that way. He obliged with two consecutive wees and the flat was very soaked, but held it all. I put on a fresh flat (origami folded snappi, no cover) and we went back to sleep. I secured it because he wiggles and I figured I’d be too sleepy to wake in time. I was right, I didn’t catch the next several in bed eliminations, but we had fifty fifty success the rest of the day and I caught the only poop that appeared. I didn’t dare put him in the poop chair today with the poop being unpredictable!
I admit I simply tossed it together on a whim... but it was so delicious that my family lapped it right up an Brendan even ate the green beans!
"There's a dandelion!!!!!!!!!!!! GET IT BEFORE IT GOES TO SEED!!!!!!!!!" Just imagine it with the little old lady voice, and you've got it.
When mom was discussing this with me I was really confused.How can one cook without vegetables/ fruits? Then she explained the different recipes that can be prepared for a healthy and hearty meal. This meal included usual sambar / majjige palidha / more kuzhambu , rasam/ saaru, dal stir fries / sweets and savories. Recipes are modified to omit / accommodate the restricted / allowed foods.
Consider them a treasure of take good care of them. Find a filing system, so you can find what topic you're looking for quickly. Be cautious about loaning them out. I've learned this the hard way. If you do loan them out, consider a checking out system where you keep track of the person (and date) of when the lesson was lent. I'm still sad about some of the lessons that were never returned to me and I have no memory of who I loaned them to several years ago.
Education with a new guy, also started to repair for the guy who moved to defense portfolio. He began to adjust the priority for the PR. This is a simple job, and I expect the backlash to be low. He can rest for a while, and start his preventive maintenance, or else…
The challenge for the month of May is to make a card for your mom (or other significant woman figure in your life). You must include some hand coloring in your project too! The details for this challenge can be found here.
The weather started off cool but heated up as we walked. We set off at 10am in the morning and arrived home around 5pm.
Have you ever seen a journal printed through Stampin' Up's! professional print service? They are fantastic and I love they way they look! I was surprised with how many pages were in it! I can see many more journals being made in the future for gifts!
Perhaps our sense of regret (even guilt) that followed Amy Winehouse’s death might have been the recognition that, as viewers to this travesty, we became implicated in the artist’s most disturbingly vivid plans. In Dark Mirror, Donald Brackett quotes John Updike’s famous line about celebrity as a mask that eats into the face. But now, in this new technological world, we have become party to the munching. This is why, I suspect, there is a look of unease on some of the faces now seen mourning her. If in those unsettling videos we kept her misery alive in our mind’s eye, what will we use now that she’s gone? As her nakedly exposed songs come back on the radio and her CDs once again begin to sell, will their power ever overcome the travesty of the endless peep show that followed them?
20. Caffeine accelerates age-related deterioration.
This salad is ideal for summer, since that’s when many of the ingredients are in season. I like it for a Friday or Saturday night dinner or even a special Sunday brunch. It will impress your guests and it’s so easy to put together.
Scatter-shooting while wondering what happened to certain highly-paid Dallas Morning News sportswriters. . .
First this months theme which is:
Mother: Now run along, dears.
Morello: Well, now what?
Packaging :
Obamacare is not only stupid, lousy medicine, it is a deadly and immediate danger to our freedom...and the survival of America as established by the Constitution.
Want to see RED in action? There are countless incredible projects, but the one we’re excited to follow is ‘The Hobbit’ to be released in December. You can get the rundown from Peter Jackson himself in many of the behind the scenes videos already released.
Tomorrow night at 8pm Eastern time, the NFL will begin its annual ritual of picking some of the best college football players the sport has to offer. The reason I use the word some is that nothing, save for a massive lottery style payday, is guaranteed. Having watched football for the better part of 30 years now, I take for granted that most folks understand how exactly this is all going to pan out, past the hoopla of the actual draft itself. After bouncing around on the internet, I see that just isn’t true. In fact, most of the draft stuff I’ve read is damn right delusional. Thus, I’ve decided to throw out this post to casual football fans everywhere…that seriously need to get a grip.
I stumbled upon Ananda's blog 'A pinch of Love' quite by chance and if im not mistaken she had just started her food blog. The pictures made me go back again and again and soon we were exchanging comments on each others' blogs. Then I guess it was the power of Facebook that eventually brought her into my friends circle and there was no looking back. I love the way she pens down her thoughts on her blog and the pics are to die for. If I let you in on a little secret- I sometimes head to her blog and take a peek at the gorgeous salmon soup pics taken in the beautiful snowy setting. There is something about that picture that screams out warmth and cosiness. I am so happy that Ananda asked me to do a guest post on her blog and I hope I have done justice to it with these spicy chicken wings in a chilli garlic sauce.
I spent a good part of April trying to decide if 2 Chainz (formerly “Tity Boi”) was worth my time. Nicki Minaj’s “Beez In The Trap” wasn’t convincing. His verse in the G.O.O.D. Music gang’s “Mercy” was overshadowed by Kanye’s genious which preceded it. It is now May, and thanks to the release of this Drake featured song, I am thrilled to announce that 2 Chainz is a legitimate artist who is worth my time.
Placed sixth. In hits. On a Low Class A team.
Sean Loftis, a Florida substitute teacher , was fired after the school discovered he did gay porn. That's messed up. I'm not sure who is more anal.
From her dreams
Barring fruits and sweet smiles to mother and son.
What Sarkozy would like to say is that Draghi’s ECB should buy up every junk bond on the continent, and give money directly to prop banks up. This is because, being slick but thick, Nico doesn’t understand EU central banking law: the principle of all central banks is, when necessary, to create liquidity – not to bail out insolvency. But then, President Sarkozy has five almost insolvent banks, so he’d be happy to ignore the legal finesses involved. Sadly for him, he will be found dead in a ditch somewhere if he raises the topic again.
My personal struggle to decide if how when why and where I might believe there is a God (or are many gods) or whatever one might want to come to believe is, according to one friend and mentor, the most important aspect of my mental/spiritual/emotional – whatever part of me – life and has been since I first doubted that my “giving my life to Christ” in junior high school was possible (was there a Christ to give my life to?) or desirable (if it is my life, why should I give it) or knowable (if there is a Christ who is part of divinity, how can I possibly know what my human mortal relationship to him is). If I were of the same intellectual prowess of, say, St. Augustine of Hippo (see my previous post) and knew all about Plato and Socrates, and the earliest Church Fathers, I might have the ability at least to formulate these questions in a way that would shed both light and heat on the dilemma of my deciding not to eat beef simply as the path of least resistance instead of making life decisions based on information, reason, or at least intuition.
Since I am bipolar, I am probably eligible for some type of assistance. But the thing is, I have a job and they are going to look at that as...I am working so it can't be as bad as I say. I have an appointment to talk to someone on October 1st and I am going to tell them this, since it is the truth. I still have my job because I was cagey, and that is probably the main reason. And sometimes I wonder if it is ethical to keep doing what I am doing when I am not well.
The Isis Collar (Blood Singer #4) by Cat Adams (Tor, Trade Paperback 03/13/2012) – Very nearly a year after the third book in the series published, the fourth hits bookshelves. The series is about a half-human/half-vampire professional bodyguard Celia Graves who lives in an alternate California where vampires stalk the alleys at night, werewolves are dangerous animals to be feared and the police have witches and telepaths to help do their job. Of course, so do the criminals.
the entire city of chicago
Hillary Rosen is a top level Obama strategist. As well as a woman-and-motherhood basher.
For her creative approach to bridging the generation gap and bringing a tremendous free resource into our schools, $100 goes to Beryl Katz for her “Be a Sage” program. HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BERYL!!
So there I stood holding my breath till my floor announced its presence. The coal face topped off with a pointy beak shifted his mug in such a way that a pair of ebola shaped lips parted and then in stammering Chinese the man asked if I had eaten- a common chinese greeting.
8.He Hasn't Failed Me Yet
Ethan Greer, Duke of Lofton, is in Paris to settle some estate business. Chafing under his responsibilities, he discovers an enchanting distraction at the Moulin Rouge, a flirtatious dancer who stirs his lust and something more. He must have her—even if it means offering carte blanche.
And that’s another thing with fairy tales. You have a whole spectrum of tone to work with. On one end is the Disneyfied, sanitized, kid-friendly version, in which the princess wakes to true love’s kiss and the frustrated villain disappears off the edge of a conveniently deep cliff or in a puff of greenish smoke. On the other end is the darker, grown-up version, in which the princess wakes from her hundred year sleep to the pains of childbirth, the little mermaid tries to kill herself and the evil fairy is forced to dance in enchanted, red-hot iron shoes until her feet fall off and she dies.
Naturally, political ambitions also came knocking, and Hone was elected an alderman in 1824 before winning the mayoralty in 1826, a rare representative of the Whig party in a city ever so dominated by Democrats.
WARNING: Hot wax burns. Be very careful.
Someone is going on a very hot holiday, and I kept having this irrational impulse to knit her something. I dismissed this as craziness, but then I thought that a simple linen stole might be acceptable - cue endless pageing through Ravelry for simple linen stoles.
EARLY EVENING SURFACE ANALYSIS SHOWED A COLD FRONT /CONVECTIVELY ENHANCED FROM TX INTO SRN AR/ EXTENDING FROM INVOF DRT ENEWD TO 20 N BAZ…THEN NEWD TO NERN TX TO SRN-NERN AR. TSTMS WILL CONTINUE TO DEVELOP INVOF THIS FRONT AS IT PROGRESSES SLOWLY SEWD/SWD THIS FORECAST PERIOD…REACHING NRN LA SWWD TO 60 SE AUS TO SE OF DRT. THE REGION THAT SHOULD HAVE TSTM DEVELOPMENT THROUGH THE OVERNIGHT PERIOD WILL TEND TO BE OVER SOUTH CENTRAL TX WNWWD TO THE VICINITY OF DRT INTO THE EDWARDS PLATEAU. A STRENGTHENING SELY LLJ OVER S TX INTO SW TX WILL RESULT IN INCREASING LOW LEVEL WAA BENEATH PERSISTENT DIFLUENT UPPER LEVEL FLOW REGIME ACROSS THE RIO GRANDE VALLEY. RESIDUAL MODERATE INSTABILITY AND EFFECTIVE BULK SHEAR OF 40-50+ KT WILL FAVOR HAIL AND DAMAGING WINDS AS THE PRIMARY THREATS.
Unfortunately for Nixon, the team will be entering the district season with a slight handicap working against them. Rodriguez said some of his key players failed some of their classes and will be ineligible to play until Jan. 27, their third district game, assuming they can get their grades in order.
“I did not believe him capable of love. That is an emotion in which tenderness is an essential part, but Strickland had no tenderness either for himself or for others; there is in love a sense of weakness, a desire to protect, an eagerness to do good and to give pleasure–if not unselfishness, at all events a selfishness which marvellously conceals itself; it has in it a certain diffidence.”
Believe me, I'm not someone who has a lot of faith in much anymore. But I DO have faith in the time of year when we are asked to believe in flying reindeer, gifts under the tree, the good of humanity (not of man; that's something entirely different) and the spirit of giving, fellowship in our fellow humankind and belief that this is the one time of year when all can be made right with the world.
“I hope so, too.” Serena giggled. Her father was supposed to marry Sophia now. She would have actual parents, even if they lived on an island far away.
Please keep me in your prayers.
I've learned that pets may interfere with my independence, my housekeeping, and my sanity, but that I still wouldn't want to live without them.
"if you got the right soy that I asked you to buy, I guess"
It apparently was quite a hit because I just finished making 9 of them for co-workers and one for myself!!
The biggest thing is we are most likely having to move!! Holy cow we have been fortunate enough to be stationed in the same place for 12 years now so moving will be an experience for everyone. The biggest being that we have never PCS'd as a family. When the Hubby and I moved here we had a newborn, ourselves, and a itty bitty bit of furniture (maybe 2 rooms worth!). This time we are moving 12 years of furniture, clothes, toys, etc! Hmm maybe we can fit everything in under our weight limit.
I prefer not to explicate here;
The magazine that J bought for me will eventually get tucked away, in a big, old trunk where I keep all things precious to my heart. If anyone else were to search through the items in that old trunk I am sure they would wonder why some were in there.
Sometimes another great Brooklyn philosopher and storyteller, Freddie’s downstairs tenant “Bobby Wilson” would join in on the conversation. Bobby Wilson was stocky and stood about six feet tall, with a big square jaw, dark blue eyes and midnight black hair. Bobby always looked like he was on the verge of murdering someone. He drove a tow truck for “Al & Leo’s” collision on 36th street near Fort Hamilton. In fact the place is now called “36th Street Collision” and Al is still the owner. Bobby always wore a dark blue jump suit with red script letters “Bobby” on his left chest, With the police scanner blaring and the volume up high, you always knew when Bobby was on the block. And don't forget, he had his name painted on the truck also, so you just couldn't miss him.
-I made fires in the kitchen and living room, because I was cold, even though I didn't think anyone else was.
Nicole Kidman: Another pretty dress, although it does wash her out a little.
I've never seen anyone with one before.
The second game saw a strong start by Chen, who led 4-1 before Lee caught up and then they showcase some great play throughout the rest of the match. It was the experience and consistency on Lee’s side of the net that allowed him to close it out 21-18.
Ladies don't forget to grab your buttons and display them on your blogs...you've earned them!
...and you know what....
What I should have said
As another wise woman, Julian of Norwich, told us:
My husband is brilliant. Really, he is. I can't take credit for his idea, so I just wanted to put that out there before telling you what this vintage zipper holder has in store and why it's even on my WIPW post.
It is a fact of nature that male and female bodies compliment each other - no state law can change that simple truth. Therefore, I would argue that many young homosexuals in 'pro-gay' societies do not so much struggle with perceived 'homophobia', but rather with the fact that they probably know innately that they have a sexual disorder that may lead to higher mental ill health, drug and alcohol problems, STI health risks, loneliness, promiscuity and all the other various shallow aspects of the 'gay culture'. Ask any homosexual man if he would rather have been heterosexual, and my guess is that - at least in youth - he would answer 'yes, of course!' This reaction is not because of 'homophobia' in society, but is rather due to the fact that all human beings innately know that one of the finest of all human estates is the vocation to the married life, with an opposite sex partner and the chance of procreation.
Now, Weir was first a nonfiction author, writing biographies of England’s kings and queens. She has many (see her Goodreads page) and I’ve bought a few. I’ve read The Life of Elizabeth I and the Princes of the Tower, and while these are definitely nonfiction and more “boring” than her fiction works, they are still good reads if you want to learn more about that time period.
She concluded that being in the newsroom is an experience, because at their station she only read the news, whereas at Bush Radio she got to do compiling and conduct interviews.
So MOO sends us each a credit and B and I probably each looked at the site 100 times trying to figure out what to do with it. What they offer is so cool that is was a tough decision….business cards, post cards, greeting cards, labels, stickers, etc. Okay I'll admit it…that doesn't sound cool. It's actually the customization that is pretty cool. They call it Printfinity. Hard to explain so click here to see what its all about.
It wasn’t always this way. The People’s Liberation Army (PLA), as China’s armed forces are known, was forced to win or die from the 1920s to 1949, as it fought a civil war with the Nationalists while also resisting a Japanese invasion. The PLA was basically an infantry army which developed innovative tactics and leadership methods that defeated the Western trained Nationalists and fought the American army to a bloody standstill in the 1950-53 Korean War. The original PLA was forged in an atmosphere where failure was not an option. Now getting rich is more important than fighting, because there’s no one to fight and much wealth to plunder.
2 Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale, 12oz
I turned up on the day with my offering, paid my 20p entrance fee and laid my little 'beauty' for all to see:
Fresh flowers are a simple way to brighten your weekend and with any luck you'll be able to enjoy them throughout the week.
This restaurant is fairly new, and I had actually been wanting to try it for a while, so it was perfect that we ended up there. The restaurant has a very sleek feel to it, and has an amazing deck for sitting outside, however, it was pretty chilly yesterday so we opted for the indoor seating.
“He said us. You too. Piper said we could work for it. He’s pretty chill if he’s just puffin.” Roland’s forefinger gently circled his cheek, just under his right eye. “The alcohol and blow makes him crazy.”
Blue Angel by Hundred Year Flood
* Much of the budget (2011) continues to go into operating a bloated civil service. As much as three quarters of the national budget is spent on paying salaries and other benefits to over 1.3 million civil servants.
She blew the hair out of her face as she kept working. “I’m booked solid until
And for those of my readers who think, “But I know this song, it’s at the very tip of my tongue, I’m sure I’ve heard it in Estonian as well.”
6 sculptor
Meanwhile, you've passed over massive fissures in the earth, the planet breaking open, and so the twisting claustrophobia of the urban market has been replaced by its apparent opposite: geological time, ripped open right in front of you in stratigraphic abysses that can rival the Grand Canyon.
The Unions will be announcing today whether or not they wil accept the State’s offer of a 7% salary increase and a housing subsidy of R700.
'Cause it's kind of cold outside.
Weight training improved balance as well (without people going to to the trouble of doing yoga or tai chi – although, a well-rounded weight lifting program incorporates balance exercises as well – so maybe that’s it?)
Finally, the committee argues that allowing euthanasia is merely an incremental change – we all agree with palliative care and so, it says, “aide médicale à mourir” (euthanasia) needs to be seen as just another “palliative-care option.”
I vacuumed out the drawers, wiped them clean and lined them with the wallpaper!
He said, Logan might need some stitches, but it wasn't worse than that.
For the past few years, I’ve been mulling paint, both watercolor and oil. Mulling is the process of dispersing pigment into a painting medium. This involves some elbow grease at times, since you’re breaking up larger glomerates of pigment into smaller glomerates. (Though mulling is often called grinding – slightly older terminology – you’re not actually grinding pigment particles into smaller pigment particles. With homemade pigments, though, there are some exceptions: for instance, there’s just only so fine I can grind eggshell white in a mortar and pestle; the fine grinding of that pigment happens with the muller.) Some pigments take longer and require more work, some less. The vermilion that I ground up recently was very quick and easy.
I marvel at Rembrandt's ability to capture the tenderness in the eyes of his subjects. Though his painting style evolved in the intervening twenty or so years, these portraits convey the trust his sitters have in him as he portrays not just their image, but also their spirit.
while I was supposed to be stopped at the red light.
Image taken from Floor Plan Manual Housing / Book cover.
There were enough flashing lights outside to safely land an extraterrestrial space ship. How we slept through it all is a mystery to me. The blinds were open and I wasn’t even wearing earplugs. They were so quiet. There was no squawking of police radios. No sirens. Just the drone of the fire engine, which didn’t sound too much worse than our furnace kicking on. We were so asleep it’s a wonder we even answered the phone.
We plan to share with our daughter, in the most loving way we can, the only things we do know… when and where she was abandoned.
As you may or maynot know, I have been involved in German Shorthaired Pointer rescue since the minute we adopted Maggie (who was actually an English Pointer), back in 1999. I became obsessed with saving pointers. I stuck my nose all over in Wisconsin, even helped dogs from other states as resources allowed. It consumes you. You think about dogs from the second you wake up in the morning, until you can finally close your eyes to sleep at night, IF you have time to sleep. Serious! The compassion fatigue is killer. It doesn't hit you like a ton of bricks, but it will catch up with you. It makes you tired, it makes you depressed, it makes you old. What saves your life, time after time is the next save! The next dog you saved from that lethal needle or other end. You make people happy, because you can give them what they want! You begin to wonder how to make this "business" more self sufficiant, you get smart about networking to find volunteers, to find resourses you need. It is ALL consuming. You find you have very little time for your own dogs. And you had pick of the litter, cream of the crop, and now you don't have time for them? There becomes something so wrong with that picture. And when you can't shake off the depression and you can't even talk nicely to people anymore, when dogs are all you think about, and you become a hermit ONLY thinking of saving dogs, and you don't care much about people anymore, the other shoe finally drops and you have to give in to it, and BECOME it, or you have to step aside, walk away while you still have a chance at a normal existance again.
Panthenol/Dexpanthenol/Vitamin B-Complex Factor/Provitamin B-5 – Can come from animal or plant sources or synthetics. In shampoos, supplements, emollients, etc. In foods. Derivative: Panthenyl. Alternatives: synthetics, plants.
And however long it takes
Note: I can do talks and seminars on these and other matters-we all need regular motivation, updated knowledge and smiles to keep up with our competition and to keep in step with where we need to be in the business world and in life! So work with, talk to me and walk with me thru this! Be a success to your worst critic-YOU! Show your “EYE OF THE TIGER”!
Since my next post is sure to be about Adventures with Family, I’ll use this one to finish up Adventuress with Friends. Let’s see . . .
Well, it took me a month(ish), but here I am…back to my little blog, and ready to catch you all up on what’s been going on and what we’re up to!
The very same books, which we spoke of last, every Dean shall cause to be bought, and to be bestowed in his Cathedral church, in such convenient place: that the vicars and peticanons, and other ministers of the church, as also strangers and foreigners may easily come unto them and read thereon.
The Torch stands 800mm high.
So I had to revert to plan B: using just two layers, and cutting a small section to fill in the gap from the third.
2007-278.9 billion Naira
-Chopped green onions
The energy is stored for 6-8 seconds, during which time the driver can access it to gain an extra power from the 120kW of motor boosting the engine’s push to accelerate the car. This results in both faster pickup speed and fuel savings, both very important to GT racing.
Danni looked up at him and smiled. He smiled back, such a strange smile
Also, be sure to check out my Dog Plays RuneScape! series, because it rocks. And if you want to read more of what I think about premium membership, check out my post “RuneScape: What Are You Getting For $0?”
after a few versions on paper, here is the first drawing i scanned in. before scanning in, i broke up my original sketch into four sections and re-traced it so that it would be close to a repeat before putting in photoshop. (you can click here for a good tutorial for creating repeats in photoshop by Digital Photography School.)
My Mom and I got to do our own sort of therapy; we decorated the church for Grandpa. We dug around the farm and used whatever we could find. My Grandpa adored music, so we made a CD of he and Grandma's favorite songs to share with our dear ones. We went through photos. It was a good way to start to grieve.
It was relayed to Fitroy Presbyterian Church and simultaneously broadcast on the web.
After that we headed back to where we were staying, The Jack and Jill in Clayton. Sadly I can't rate it as by 9.30 pm they'd stopped serving food and shut. An inevitable consequence of pubs turning into restaurants I fear. Well, either that or they're a bunch of inbreds.
3 good-sized leeks
That said, I may yet throw caution to the wind and dive into a series anyway, not least because some of the runs of posts I have planned promise to be pretty bloody special indeed, and may even, if I do say so myself, having the makings of greatness about them. So to get us back into the swing of things, I thought I'd preview some of those forthcoming delights, accompanied, as is traditional, by a selection of teaser images, which you can see scattered about this post. Some of these topics and authors, I realise, I almost certainly teased in my last "coming soon" post – and indeed the one before that – which only goes to demonstrate how long these things gestate in my fevered brain; but the majority I'm unveiling here for the first time.
Dreams show you that you have the power to make a world as you would have it be, and that because you want it you see it . And while you see it you do not doubt that it is real . Yet here is a world clearly within your mind that seems to be outside .You do not respond to it as though you made it, nor do you realise that the emotions the dream produces must come from you .
Walking home from dinner at Fatty Crab tonight, my mind turned to the trucks: the Dessert Truck, Treats Truck, Mud Truck, et al. I wondered if that waffle guy might be outside Trader Joe’s like he sometimes is.
Intention is your path to a better career and a better life. Reevaluate intermittently to make sure you are still on the right path. Move forward with positive energy and enthusiasm. The path that starts outside your front door can lead you anywhere you want it to.
We are love.
I don’t think it’s much to ask really – to want to play with people who have the same goals and ideals. But it seems that finding a group is almost impossible, and you are forced to put up with stuff that irks you on a daily basis, because 25man raiders are so thin on the ground that you take what you can get. The solid player who is a jerk. The nice player who is a bit subpar. The hardcore progression player who is super keen but constantly moans. The person who wastes our time, but we can’t afford to lose his DPS. The guy who’s obsessed with loot and sulks if he doesn’t get what he wants. The one who has been around for ages and thinks he should get special treatment. I’m sure you’re all familiar with the raider grab-bag.
In another blog post two years ago he argues Muslim gangs in Norway are free to do what they want, while whites forming gangs are branded as racists. He writes how it led to him linking up with white criminal gangs and taking part in clashes against police.
and saw it was right over us.
We'll begin with YOU.
In Michigan, we are emerging from these difficult economic times, but we still have many families who continue to weather this storm. In fact, 336,000 Michigan residents currently receive state of federal unemployment benefits in Michigan. Now is not the time to pull the rug out from those who need assistance to provide for their families.”
I am still on my CAS pursuit of excellence since I do not feel confident making CAS cards. It is so hard for me to stop adding “stuff” to my cards LOL.
Thank you for your time and have a great weekend!
Astral, or natural magic, was most definitely part of the Renaissance intellectual landscape. It was quite common for people (artists included, I imagine) to believe in a hidden realm of spirits and in the power of the heavens to influence the earthly world. Some of these beliefs went back to the ancient Egyptians and other near Eastern cultures, and were passed down through magical texts. It was believed that a person with this knowledge would be able to work great wonders. I’ll stop there, in fear of giving too much away!
in Roeselare, West Flanders have been busy.
Photo copyright Danita Cahill. All rights reserved.
Command in Delta on
~Not pressuring myself to get things done in a certian time with blogging. I had made a list of things I wanted to post about on here back in January and since then I have allowed that list to pressure me. That is over. I still will try to do what I can but when life gets terribly hectic I am not going to feel pressured to get a project made or make myself post when I just don't feel like it.
Curiously, Mayor Bloomberg issued a 9/14/05 press release claiming there would be only 4,500 units. The press release also claimed there would be 8,500 permanent jobs.
4.Weems String Band - Greenback Dollar
A couple of weeks ago I bought the frozen shrimp for a couple of other recipes, and a few other things that cross over into other dishes as well. That's the beauty of some of these recipes and kind of why I chose them. You can buy one thing that you use in three or four different dishes. Definately keeping the cost down, use the stuff up before it goes bad and the dish as well as the flavors are diverse.
Here is the full article:
We're in the final few days of the Landscape Futures Super-Workshop now, heading out soon for another field trip this afternoon, after half a week of presentations, lectures, site visits, crits, walks, and much else besides.
The social media environment is constantly evolving and changing as well. As this occurs, social media continues to become increasingly connected to business and the way in which it is conducted. Despite the juxtaposition of social media and social businesses, the phenomenon remains relatively new and wasn’t even part of the picture ten years ago. As a result, it can be challenging to decipher what is to come and where the world of social media is headed.
Now that we have determined the overall cycle in the history of the planet, we realize that all things must pass. Of course, we’ve known this since 1970 when George Harrison released his song after the Beatles breakup. But now that we’ve humbled ourselves to the notion that even humans must relent their grasp on the rock we call earth, we can move on and assume a few more general outcomes which might befall it.
1/4 cup of diced feta
5/1 – Boston, MA – Middle East Club (KRIT headlining show)
- Forecasts capacity of major oil and gas assets to 2015
The airline President Aditya Ghosh, in a text message, further said, "We have raised this with MMT on several occasions but unfortunately, there has been no resolution. We were, therefore, left with no choice. IndiGo can't be seen supporting a blatant violation of the law and something that is apparently anti-consumer."
The Front Parlour
*America’s Newsroom – 04/26/12 (@ 10:59 a.m. ET)
The Protocols of Zion state that the fabric of society must be destroyed, and that the focus of the individual must be on material matters. Karl Marx adapted the Talmudic faith to create the ideology which carries his name. Marx himself spoke of the lumpenproletariat who are worthless consumers who produce nothing. Their function is to undermine and weaken society and proletarianise the people as a whole, by sucking the real Workers dry of livable income through intolerable levels of taxation used to pay for them. The expansion of Welfare must be paid for, and it is upon those who do work that this burden is placed.
Organize one or two drawers. Here's the thing--did you realize that most women have the same odds and ends in their "junk drawer?" Yes, we do. Ask one of your friends, and you'll see. And if you took a minute to analyze the junk you'd also see that this junk can be organized into 5-6 categories. Grab a handful of large Ziploc bags and slip items of similarity into each:
Here's my poorly thought out immediate reaction:
5. PERSONNEL IMPLICATIONS
"It will be interesting to see whether the Court's reasoning in this case could be avoided in future cases by using different claim language, e.g. by using method features to define the combination therapy. Would such claims still be considered to specify the active ingredient as "forming part of a combination in conjunction with another active ingredient? Another approach, which does not appear to have been pleaded in Yeda, would have been to argue that the patent is for an "application" of the active ingredient in the sense of Article 1(c) (with the "application" being a combination therapy with the other active ingredient). Unfortunately, however, the CJEU's order is couched in terms that will make it difficult to run such an argument in the future".
So guess what Angel becomes? A novelist, what else? An immensely popular novelist, able eventually to craft her reality so that it reflects her fantasies: grand house, garish clothes, handsome artist husband. The drama that keeps us reading is generated throughout the book by Angel’s collisions with existence itself. Will she give way? Will she even notice that her books have stopped selling, that the peacocks are ill, that her husband is unfaithful? By the end, we rather want her to remain indomitable. Maybe that’s the precise point of the monstrous character: that she, unlike us, is impervious to life.
-Dogs love it as a beverage or as a topping for dry food
I don't hate you. I'm disappointed that things turned out this way. You're like a bad love affair. After the honeymoon with the iPhone, I'm stuck with a hotel bill that charged me too much for cocktails at the beach bar.
would it perhaps help if i brought brownies with the yummiest peanut butter icing that we could whip up? i know that i've said one to many times that my life seems to be on this accelerated path that i can't seem to stop. which is exactly what i wished for all those months i was scared that i would not find a job. the job is at times exciting, frustrating, scary, maddening, funny, fun, heartbreaking and many other yin/yang words that mish-mash together to explain life. and now...now comes another big step. so, i searched my heart and wondered where does it leave this blog? oh ramblins... "i can't quit cha...."
Greetings! After three months of neglect, I’ve decided to reboot this blog and start updating more regularly.
8And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints.
Homebirth is a basic aspect of midwifery practice. It allows the practitioner an opportunity to develop a strong midwife identity, accepting the authority in decision-making at any time in the episode of care, and particularly at the time of birth. Homebirth is 'PLAN A' - the woman giving birth spontaneously, without medical intervention, and the midwife acting in harmony with normal physiological processes.
The HBO show may be based on the books but they are very different. The characters are mostly all present but they are different in some cases. Some characters are missing totally. I just hope they turn up in later seasons. Bubba the vampire is based on Elvis and he is quite possibly the funniest vampire in the series. I am not giving away anything else on that one.
The North Tonawanda Chowder And Marching Society
suffering from cancer. Also made with pure ingredients,
Back to the issue at large, we need to start thinking about seating other than the sofa. Such an odd layout we are dealing with but we need two thin chairs to go on either side of the fireplace. I've been searching and of course end up coming right back to IKEA, well, because their the cheapest and cheap is good!
And this is where you, dear readers may be able to help. I am about to start the second in a series and this time my protagonist is out of the door and on a boat before the thing's started. What am I going to do? How can I possibly manage without a map?
Drew: I keep it very, very, very simple. I read a passage. I pray about it. I pray for my loved ones. Then I go eat breakfast.
Redhook Ale Brewery Long Hammer IPA
Third, groups have expanded to add more social events and community service. Even the town parade is no longer watched by kids: they are all marching in it, and they are asked to march with every organization they are linked with, so they have to choose which to be with!
"You won't put that on your blog, will you?" she asked after I snapped this one.
The things I’ve been seeing in my head aren’t really there.
So.. here we are. The Impetuous Moon leaves #6 for Earth and presumably toward some kind of justice. If nothing else, we’re moving toward the final disposition of all our characters.
I think our Afghan allies are better than the enemy, since Taliban gunmen increasingly recoil from taking on many Afghan army units the way they tend to do with our troops. That's why the enemy relies on IEDs and assassinations. But the whole only has to be good enough to beat who they face. We can get that, too, by building up our side and knocking down the enemy side before we hand off responsibilities to Afghans.
I delivered a presentation on marketing strategies at MDRT’s Annual Meeting. Today, just six years later, that presentation would be very different—including aspects of marketing that didn’t even exist then.
15.Tommy Johnson / Walking Shoes
I knew when I set my multiple alarms on the Friday night that it was a pretty pointless exercise. I just needed to do something, some kind of ritual that might affect the space time continuum and some how affect the start time of the show at the Rock Pub the following day. ‘Door’s open 12:30’, the flyer said.
The new cornerstone was laid in May 1938, put in just a few feet over the 1906 one. This time there were no speeches or ceremonies or bands. Some photos were taken, the 1906 memento box was sealed into the stone, and that was that. Only about fifty people were curious enough to show up and watch the proceedings.
Creationism and Intelligent Design are appropriate topics in public education classes such as comparative religion, literature, or philosophy since scientific method incorporates critical thinking processes. All truth is God’s truth. The promotion of religion or any particular religion in the public schools is contrary to the First Amendment.
A Christmas Wedding (Not for Children) ... Lifetime ... 2 PM
For this reason, it's worth taking a look at a recent national law decision that pits a European jurisdiction against an American one. This is the ruling of Mr Justice Arnold late last month in Innovia Films Ltd v Frito-Lay North America Inc [2012] EWHC 790 (Pat), in the Patents Court (England and Wales). The upshot of the decision was that the United Kingdom's courts had exclusive jurisdiction over claims concerning a US company's European patent applications. In consequence there was no reason either (i) to set aside the permission that had already been granted to the claimant, Innovia, for service out of the jurisdiction, or (ii) to stay Innovia's claims pending a determination of proceedings brought by the US company in the Eastern District of Texas's notorious Tyler Division.
He was kicked and punched by the youths, leaving him with a broken eye socket and a fractured skull.
A technical operator for a television network
Good morning everyone :)
67. The Aerosmith's Rockin' Roller Coaster sounds really good about now. That might give me the adreneline rush I need to finish this :)
Evil Out.
This blog wouldn't have been any fun at all without you, my devoted readers.
Jesus said to the woman with a possessed daughter “it is not right to give bread to a dog.” many would call that a mean statement. At that point she could have reacted negatively to the degrading statement made by Jesus, but she did not. The humility with which she accepted the statement, made Jesus confirm her faith “O woman great is thy faith, be it unto thee even as thou wilt” and her daughter was made whole immediately.
22. Disgrace - J. M. Coetzee
why would He do this to her, them, and me?
All things rise from the force
Luckily we were able to get a table without a reservation even though when we went there on Tuesday night at 6:30 p.m. We were seated at a table which was available until 8:00 p.m. It seems that you need to make a reservation at Seribu Rasa definitely for a weekend night and it is recommended to do so on a week night.
Add flour, oats, baking soda, baking powder, salt and chocolate chips. Mix together well with spoon. Turn into greased 9 x 13-inch baking pan.
Hearts undoubtedly have a squad capable of finishing third this season. But then, they have a squad capable of that every season and don’t always manage to do it. The Romanov ride seems to be coming to an end and it just wouldn’t be fitting to end with a whimper. The off-field troubles have undoubtedly affected results on the pitch and will continue to do so until a takeover is achieved. Romanov may well need to asjust his ‘special offer’ of 50 million quid though. Perhaps a leaf out of Sports Direct or Soccer World’s book and take up to 70% off that price or pretend they’re closing down.
There is also a toppings bar with 28 varieties including fruits, chocolate chips, jams, marshmellows, cookies, nuts and seasonal goodies such as candy canes and gingersnap cookies.
Once I got out of work the day seemed to calm down quite a bit. I took a seriously needed and well-deserved nap and just let the world fade away for a while. Now I’m up, refreshed, and ready to enjoy the remainder of the day. But I do believe that a bunch of little things going wrong can mount up to a serious headache.
And I've got a question for Mark Stegeman, too. Are you defending Hicks? I've been following your defense of him on Facebook, on Curtis Dutiel's wall (note: the thread below started on Monday, April 2nd, after the Daily Show episode aired):
04 - Flirtin' With Disaster 05:27
English National Ballet performed the 1962 ballet as part of their Beyond Ballets Russes season. To bring it up to date, the piece has been redesigned with black and red bodysuits replacing the original autumnal colours and giving the choreography a darker and more menacing feel. Workshop participants had the chance to look at these costumes alongside outfits for other ballets in the programme including Firebird and Suite en Blanc. The morning’s activities were completed with a chance to watch Company dancers in class as they prepared for the day’s performances.
a. Leonard Nimoy
Captain America: I mentioned in my review that it would be incredibly difficult for Steve to adjust to the time period, and they absolutely had that in here. His PTSD from the war and waking up with everyone he knows being dead, that’s revealed quickly and respectfully. His hesitance to take command even though he’s able to do it, his unwavering devotion at first to being a soldier who follows the rules, and he is a man out of time who never gets anyone’s references or understands modern technology. He is Team Dad in this movie, calming everyone down, but when he finally steps up as the leader in that last sequence, it feels so right. He might not be able to call thunder or shoot energy beams out of his hands, but he has the big picture in mind and he knows how to use soldiers. One tiny problem here, when they did a clip of all the things from the war he misses, why didn’t they include Bucky? They had the war and the plane and Peggy, but losing his best friend was a huge blow for him. I was surprised just one clip wasn’t in there. PLUS THAT MASK IS HORRIBLE TAKE IT OFF.
They got in their beds and went to sleep. Fuck me, I thought loudly, but not literally (ok maybe a little).
I'm off to the awards party on Tuesday, so I'll take lots of photos and post them and a report of all the awardy happenings!
Not that race is even “real” in the biological sense–the biological differences between people with different skin colors, facial structures, and whatever else you’d like to add to the list are negligible. But race is a social reality–it shapes peoples’ cultures and attitudes toward one another.
Overall, I would recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the book, and anyone who is considering reading the book. I loved the references to Frankenstein and the whole steampunk motif. This is a fabulous novella, and I absolutely can't wait for the next installment in this thrilling series.
Uh oh. Dick's a vinyl fanatic and he knows his stuff. And it looks like he's right here. According to several Muddy Waters discographies all over the web, "Mojo" was recorded on Dec. 1, 1956 -- at the same session that produced "Rock Me," "I Live the Life I Love," and "Look What You've Done."
1. Electric Sander(s) – When I started out furniture upcycling, I only had a palm sander. It did the job. I still use the palm sander quite a bit for detail sanding and for most of my distressing. I have a Craftsman Mouse and like it very much.
No. they were exactly as I had imagined them: talented musicians with a dislike for cameras. I collaborate best with people who are particularly good in what they do. The guys in Sigur Rós know what they want, and what they do not want. It makes things immediately clear, and that way there is never any bullshit. The only thing that surprised me is how strong a grip they had on their music. They are involved even up to the smallest details, and in the studio they knew exactly what could be improved, and how to get to that result.
Measuring the ability to get goods from point A to point B has special importance in Asia where trade and exports are critical components of local economic engines. The ability to get a container of Chinese-made iPads or Indonesian-made sneakers to port and through customs quickly is regularly cited as an important factor for investors. Local government officials are often touting infrastructure investments to unlock economic growth. Of course, a lot of times those promises of speedy highways and new ports don’t come through on time or on budget. But the ones who do deliver seem to prosper with more foreign investment and higher economic growth.
The Toleman TG-184-2, driven in Sennas’ debut season in 1984, will go on sale to the public at the spring sale at Silverstone Auctions in May.
Cluster hops are described as citrus and spicy. Really? What is spicy? I hate these general descriptions of hops. You can't make recipes and know what the taste "spicy" is like. Here is my take:
But I shook my head with tears in my eyes,
“Bantum,” instructed Ibis again, “please tell Mr. Chicken that everything is fine. If he happens to tell you …”
After hearing all Alex had to say and looking over his beautiful land some of us sat and had a picnic in perfect weather, in a perfect setting.
Life has a domino affect on everything and anything we do. As much as it is “your” life, when you land on the rough patch your decisions and choices you make are going to affect people around you. Most of them will generally not accept. I’ve come to learn that, that too is human nature. Most of us are probably are comfortable in being on the negating side rather than the latter. So its hard. Its hard to make choices, put your foot down and do what’s best for you. Its hard to shut your mind out from the voices in the back of your head compelling to listen to your heart, re-think your decisions, ponder over the circumstances.
- 9PM Sweet blues sounds of Susan Tedeschi. Great band. Lone Star?
Well, that's my two cents on that whole deal... thanks for bearing with me :)
As I really can't find a Flower Girl from either my family, Matt's family, or any of our friends, we will be eliminating the positions of Ring Bearer and Flower Girl from our wedding party. That will save a tad bit of money (basket, petals, pillow, dummy rings, two extra attendant gifts, etc.) and a little bit of the hassle/frustration that comes from trying to get a fussy two-year-old in an uncomfortable suit to walk quietly straight down the aisle then stand still.
Basmati rice, measured up to 450 ml
Yesterday, Kelly and I were running some errands with Joshlyn in tow. While we sat down to get a quick bite of lunch, we put her car seat on the table. She proceeded to work her “baby magic” on everyone in the restaurant. The owner of the Honey Dew Deli stopped by our table and commented, “What a beautiful little girl. I’ll bet she’s the apple of your eye.”
Roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface into a 12-inch circle. Lay the dough over the tart pan, and press it into the pan. Trim the dough, and proceed with the recipe as directed.
When we believe ourselves in possession of the only truth, we are likely to be indifferent to common everyday truths.
Vast swarms, some measuring up to seven km long, have been observed at Condobolin, Gundagai, Narrandera and Wagga Wagga.
In other news, another of our neighbors got a puppy. Faith no longer is the youngest in the neighborhood, and she seems to love him too! His name is Moe, a mix of basset hound and what we suspect to be dachshund. With the addition of Moe, Faith is now surrounded by Male dogs; Our other next door neighbor has a beagle named Freckles (seen below), and our neighbor in back has a large dog (don't recall the race...) named Yoshi. We've mused a big puppy party with the neighbors but a few problems come up with that. Freckles isn't neutered (and seems unlikely to be) and we don't want him humping her, so unless he gets fixed, they will only play with each other between the fence.
$64237
Although this is a lovely card, once again the real highlight is the recipient of the card. The card was sent to Miss Annette Markoe on March 10, 1906 with love from Frank. Annette had an uncle Frank, so this could well have been from him. At the time, she would have been eight years old.
3. While the rice is cooking prepare the green beans and other vegetables, wash and cut the ends of the Green Beans, throw them in a large wok with some kind of cover and throw in the Curry Powder, as much as you like, and chili powder to taste, and steam them using all the Coconut milk. (5-10 min)
I say this not as a gloat, but to sort of express my stunned astonishment. I sort of feel like I owe it to every struggling seamstress out there who dreams of bells and whistles to learn every last thing about it just to be WORTHY of the privilege of owning her.
The name of their business was the "Suburban Shade and Shutter Shoppe" and was incorporated into a logo that used an oversized letter "S" at the beginning, followed closely by the rest of each word. I have made an example below, just to give you the idea of how it was done. Believe me, their logo was MUCH more attractive than this!!
In Jamie’s most recent appeal he was again denied an Evidentiary Hearing even as one of the 3-man panel, Judge Knecht, questioned the prosecutor as to how this could have resulted in a proper defense.
Shown here are just a few of my favorites, there are sooo many beautiful things it was hard to narrow it down! If you have time, pop over and peruse through the gorgeous pieces, you might just find something that you can't live without! You can click HERE to go to there.
At this point, I was done. I put my wallet back in my pocket and was ready to walk out. I was mad and shocked that this Total Wine store manager was talking to me like this. I was a customer, and she was treating me like this. Customers were staring, employees were watching. It was a complete scene!
With 8 days until Christmas, Nina and I went to the Renegade Fair. It was the 3rd Annual Renegade Holiday Market and was held at the San Francisco Concourse Exhibition Center. Wanting to beat the crowd, we arrived early, ten minutes after they opened, but it really didn’t matter, within a half hour we were two shoppers in a sea of thousands of shoppers—all fans of DIY.
With that being said, we leave you with 5 of our favorite fat kid quotes:
Distilleries
On down to the graveyard, where it’s cold and grey
Or, you can trace around the paper with a #3 pencil or chalk pencil. If you choose this method, you can remove the freezer paper to applique.
Own statues!!?
There's "Wild Bill Jones" by Wade Mainer & The Sons of the Mountaineers. This is the song that contains the line, " “I pulled my revolver from my side / And I destroyed that poor boy's soul," which inspired the name of Trevor Jones' one-man band.. Wade, by the way is J.E. Mainer's brother.
Like jewels upon a mighty breast
In the memos attached to the complaint, MTN codenamed the effort “Project Snooker,” and described payoffs to Javid Ghorbanoghli, then Iran’s deputy foreign minister, dubbed “Long-J” in the memos, and Yusuf Saloojee, South Africa’s ambassador in Tehran at the time, who was codenamed ‘Short-J.’’ The men were paid $400,000 and $200,000 respectively, according to the complaint.
What is YOUR favorite Bible Commentary?
54 gotta
Screenshots of each flash into the high RF — watch these areas for severe weather in 24-48 hours… these towns (notice the epicenter of each RADAR feature) .. keep track of THOSE towns for the most severe weather to hit within 24-48 hours from now. 1245am CDT 4/14/2012.
The group was then joined by Bassist Derek Smalls, Keyboardist Viv Savage, and a long series of Drummers, most of whom died under mysterious circumstances while with the band. One drummer died in a freak gardening accident, one dying after choking on the vomit of an unknown person (you can’t dust for vomit), one drummer who died under such mysterious circumstances that Police reports actually indicated that it was a “mystery best left unsolved”, and one who actually died of spontaneous combustion while on stage during a concert.
I have a tour guide business, and I was contacted by Yormark’s assistant to help familiarize Yormark with Brooklyn. It was before Yormark was hired in January 2005--the fall of 2004, I believe--well before I became immersed in Atlantic Yards. He didn't need to be sold on Atlantic Yards; rather, he needed to be able to show his potential employer he'd made an effort to learn something about the borough.
If you are unaware of what a SWARM is... it's a collection of "bugs", aka Cricuts!!! Non bugs are welcome too! It will be a weekend full of camaraderie, food and PAPER!!
*page 14 of linked The Economist/You Gov poll: 10. Support for Arizona’s new immigration law, Strongly approve 40.5% + Somewhat approve 18.3%.
BtoB made their debut with “Insane” and has since received praise for their vocals and dancing ability that surpass those of ordinary rookie groups. The group hopes to showcase their wide spectrum of talent through “Father”, and has fans anticipating the release.
Kate Sheffield, the older sister, stands in the way. Kate is a few years older and is always over looked. When she sees Anthony has taken a liking towards her sister her blood boils. He was a rake and she would not let him take her sister or her heart.
Here's a card I made a few weeks ago using an image and caption from TLC Creations.
RHS
Have you ever gone to introduce your best-friend-in-the-whole-world and suddenly you can’t recall his or her name—first, or last?
Carrie and Jeff... Congratulations!
We tend to focus on the problem—trying to figure out what went wrong, when it happened and who gets the blame.
Place drum flat on table with hole punch facing you (at 6 o'clock). Holes for string should be at 3 and 9 o'clock. Use exacto to punch 2 openings for string. Make holes just large enough to thread string through.
Then stir it very well and pour into freezer containers. I've know people who use canning jars. You can use anything you have. Over the years I've purchased enough of these containers made especially for freezer jam. It's definitely not necessary though. Use what you have.
Crude is trying to establish an uptrend and gained 1.0% on the week.
So it is a very special day indeed to be asked to actually WRITE about her on her blog. I was going to start my list with stuff like "She obeys me", "She cooks and cleans very well", "She has the 'surrendered wife' thing down pat", etc., but then I realized that a) her audience is mostly female, and b) women (generally speaking) don't find that crap funny.
There are such great things happening right now for OTTB’s and that can be thanks to the efforts of OTTB fans everywhere. From the stories to the work being done to promote them on every level is contributing to the current and future of the horse we OTTB folks love and appreciate. I hope to see events such as Thoroughbreds for All happening in California in the near future.
At the Kishkushim blog - an online forum dedicated to commentary on the Middle East, compiled by university students - Carmia writes from the heart about the Hezbollah attacks in the Israeli city of Haifa:
and the lighter, whimsical ones. Instead of displaying them in order of
Loved every second of it, can’t wait to do it all over again!
Brandon Marshall was traded to the Bears yesterday. As a Bears fan that makes me happy. As a fan of people who are completely out of their mind, that makes me very happy.
Even if your enemy is mighty, the war has its vicissitudes.
Row 11: 2 sc in first sc, sc in next 4 sc, 2 sc in last sc, ch 1, turn (8).
No wonder why my Asian dreams confuse me. These life memories are like colourful glass fragments in my shattered mosaic of understanding that I have had to piece together thoughtfully, over a long time. These experiences fused with dreams, probably only makes sense to me and others who bumble along in life.
First crush your lemon drops in a food processor until very fine. (Large chunks will melt all over your baking sheet and burn.)
In between touring Europe, first with New Young Pony Club then with Bonde Do Role, and gigging in Mexico, Holy Hail made their debut album, “Independent Pleasure Club,” to be released November 11th, 2008 on Kanine Records. Fusing pop, hip-hop, new wave, and electro with an occasional country twang, Holy Hail creates one rollicking dance party. But don’t mistake them for your average dance band: a good portion of these tracks is strewn with political undertones. The album opener tackles the Iraq war and at album close, the south’s big catastrophe Hurricane Katrina. In the middle, references are made to the environment, wire tapping, and the American-Indian genocide.
We hung out, decorated their house for Christmas and told them we had dinner reservations at 6:30.
Awesome Sauce — Sara Tune
Physically speaking, the new office is beyond comparable to my previous one. My previous company just started more than a year ago so all things including the most trivial facility (gaya ng table? lolz) are brand new. Name the thing you see in a typical office and it is new. I admit medyo namimiss ko rin ang kagarbo at mga bagong gamit sa dati kong company. I miss the pantry (yun talaga ang namiss eh noh)! I also miss the two-monitor desktop and softness of the keyboard. I also miss the “ergonometric “ (pardon for the spelling if mali) chair and the large view of the production area. Isama mo na rin ang mga vendo machines, the free ice tea, lemonade and syempre ang free coffee.
Frank Peretti was one of the first Christian authors I read that really got me excited about the craft of fiction writing and also managed to wake up my spirit as well. When I heard he'd written a new book after a 9 year break I couldn't wait to read it.
Contrary to what happened in Irvin’s past – those days are and have been a distant memory.
This opens up another issue that I will touch on briefly: the lack of actual, purebred “American Pit Bull Terriers” out there. The majority of pit bulls around the country are mixed breeds, which is why I like to refer to them as “pit bull type dogs”. This is much more vague and makes no definitive assumptions when referring to a dog’s genetic makeup.
I couldn't decide which of these shots of The Flatiron Building I liked best so I decided to post both of them. When it opened, The Flatiron Building was described glowingly as "a great battleship steaming up Broadway."
Now restart your Browsers and Check your blogs.. I found that All my images have now returned in all my browsers, IE, Firefox, Chrome..
All’s well that ends well. The Mona Lisa returned to her place in the Louvre—with a completely revamped security apparatus. A theft that shook the art world to its foundations had been overturned, even though its contours were still not entirely clear—and remain so to this day. RA Scotti has given us an account that captures this uncertainty with remarkable precision — an apt tribute to Leonardo da Vinci’s mysterious muse.
The character in the book (Heather) was so full of her own beliefs that her Shaman teacher could no longer teach. Heather constantly questioned the teachings of the Shaman, she was always in thought, angry and worried that she was losing herself and her beliefs. The Shaman gave up on Heather and sent her away, telling her to release her ego and then come back. Heather realised the great deal of pain she was placing on her teaching by being so defiant, she was draining the Shaman of her spirit. Heather left for 6 months and returned, still with ego, but with just enough room in her vessel for her teacher to break through it.
Pfadt Racing offers the only performance minded, truly engineered, track tested package on the market. We make it work on the track so you can enjoy it on the street. Pfadt Sway Bars are not just a ‘beefed up’ copy of factory bars powder coated a different color. The Camaro provided a unique challenge for them because of the extreme under steer from the factory. The result is the most well-balanced, highly tested sway bar package on the market.
Place rolled oat, flour. sugar, sesame seeds and nuts in a mixing bowl.
"Read this before you say anything," he directed. "Then give me your reaction to both of them."
the paint was gold and I had it already as well as a bit of black paint. It took about 2 hours to make. Easy peasy, my kind
Tom Selleck (Mr. Baseball)
Overall, a sensational beer. Big flavors, great texture, complex, and balanced.
Revis declared however allow their real estate agents cope with the actual agreement details.
And what I’ve tried to explain to them is, number one, if you look at the numbers, then Medicare in particular will run out of money and we will not be able to sustain that program no matter how much taxes go up. I mean, it’s not an option for us to just sit by and do nothing. And if you’re a progressive who cares about the integrity of Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid, and believes that it is part of what makes our country great that we look after our seniors and we look after the most vulnerable, then we have an obligation to make sure that we make those changes that are required to make it sustainable over the long term.
pocket itself measures approx. 5" x 8" at it's widest point, and strap measures approx. 8"
A few guys responded they cannot make it (Pat Desimone, Paul McNally, Glenn Gruder, Neil & Eddie O'Callaghan, Charlie Gili, Josh Seff and Mike Kenna) a TON of guys just never responded so it is anyone's guess who else may show. Don't be a wuss - show up, even if it is just to hang out....an spread the word.
Except this is no oversight - that use of the word 'inappropriate' shows that this is a deliberate, calculated snub. It would not be 'appropriate' to have beer served in the Queen's presence. The very presence of beer - any beer - would be offensive to her royal sensibility.
One of my stalkers (Heather...) listed me as one of the 'icons' of felt which made me feel old so I decided to check this new thing that those youngins have come up with, out.
In the creative process mistakes are a blessing in disguise. If you don’t get caught up by the fact that you just did a mistake, the mistake itself may be turned around and used as a tool to creatively reach something you otherwise wouldn’t have thought about at all. It may open doors for your vision and bring new ideas to mind – as long as you don’t discard the mistake as just that.
Each of my names has significance to the person using it as that name portrays some part of who I am that has special significance to them. For instance: “Brother Charles ” is a name given me in college by the parents and children who I ministered to in Jacksonville Florida. After three years of ministry in that name, my own children began using this name. It referred to me as a “Brother in Christ”. “B” or “Beeza” is a family nickname. Not sure of its meaning, but only the closest and most intimate friends and family use it. When I am called by either of these names it is with endearment and love. “Mister” is a special name from my wife. It was given me during a difficult time in our marriage when there was much healing taking place. I will not expound further accept to say that when we are alone and in public we sometimes use the names “Mister” and “Housekeeper” affectionately. Dad and grampa are self-explanatory. These are my names. They define me and explain me as a person.
In my heart and mind, I feel eternally twenty-eight, but my body aches like a ninety two year old.
This has been a week of celebrations. A birthday (me) and Father's Day (him).
I will be asking for $150 million of the government's $32+ billion annual funding starting now. I hope everyone else will also!
I hate the Jesus Hucksters, who claim to serve God but really serve Mammon, the ones who give Christianity a bad name. I hate the broad-based evangelical belief that prosperity is evidence of God’s favor.
Senomyx
I'm still convinced that the toys of today stink. They just STINK. They're WAY overpriced, and so cheaply constructed. Plus, the accessories that come with various play sets are usually so tiny, that it's nearly impossible NOT to lose them. Then the kid is left with some half-shell that's supposed to be a fairy house, but all of the fun stuff that's supposed to go in it is GONE.
Now to put my cape on and fly off to fight some more challenges. It’s early….
How dare you teach my kids that they can hide snack in their room, after they have brushed their teeth for bed? When you know I am strict about all food staying in the kitchen! Mom and Dad will never know my ass!!! I am a mommy, I know EVERYTHING!
But my words were to have little effect and as we left, I saw that the slave had gone. We knew where Sestillius’s room was and we went towards it though we had to scale the wall and slip in through the window. Thankfully, Fortunata was not there. On the table we saw another scroll. This we examined:
Founders Backwoods Bastard
If you enjoyed Lassie, then Rescued by Rover is the silent film for you! The title does rather give away the plot, but there's plenty to enjoy even without a great element of surprise. I particularly liked the distraught father's insistence upon donning a top hat before rushing out of the house, and the happy ending for all concerned - including the 'villain'.
Quality over quantity counts
In time the scales will balance and you will find more joy than pain. But for now you must travel the difficult path. Your reward is you will become stronger and that dangerous fork in the road becomes further and further behind you. It may be hard to see because of the difficulty of the path but know inside you are not walking this path alone, hands of help are outstretched at your every step.
T-mobile telephones happen to be increased — conclusion machines which contains every one of the high quality of your excessive solution photographic camera, rich qualities, wonderful storage devices power in addition to connections solutions. These are additionally giving slide – apart models using the different easy versions. Typically the phones be different inside colors, proportions, options and appears to be. That camera definitely will allow you to grab clear pictures even with dreary and also can help you throw videos. In such a phone available, you might by no means possibly miss who superb moment that you choose to generally had to take combined. Whether it’s actually your own infant’s initial giggle or maybe his particular to start with step or maybe the earliest message that she uttered, it is possible to retail outlet all the things throughout a person solo tool by one place. That memories are generally filed pertaining to ever before therefore providing you to definitely appreciate as soon as you prefer.
Maisa: Fine, your highness! I won’t bother you anymore.
James Wilson
Tell me something about the songs and artwork of the album, and about your deal with DARK DESCENT!
Now upon the boardwalk it is cooler,
3) Drive the speed limit. If it says 25mph, then only go 25 mph. If you go 26 mph, you get pulled over for speeding.
And she’s polishin’ you ’til you shine
I came up with this reasoning while undergoing a root canal treatment about ten years ago. I didn't want to be freaked out by the procedures. I thought about it. I thought, well, what if I were living hundreds of years ago, or in a remote, poor country, and there weren't any dentists. What if there was nothing that could be done for the toothache but to take brandy or attach a piece of string to a door handle and slam. I realised that the toothache was worse than the dental treatment. That's why we go to dentists. This line of thought made me feel very grateful for the dentists, for their skill and knowledge and the technology of their modern tools, and rather inclined to be co-operative. Then, when I was in the dentist's chair having my canal rooted, I meditated upon this with all the concentration I could muster. I breathed deeply and opened wide. I relaxed to the point where it wasn't traumatic. The dentist commented that I was a very good patient - though I can tell you that there are quite a few hospital doctors out there who would not agree. The procedure was successful. I still have my tooth in my mouth. Since then I have applied this technique and never stressed about a visit to the dentist.
If you read any part of my Facebook page, or look at my profile in PINKessence, its no secret I have taken up with a new partner (Lana) for a little over a year now. We are planning on moving in together this summer. That means I will be moving to Columbus Ohio, about 100 miles from where I live now and grew up. I'm both excited, and scared. More on that, another time.
The witch is wrong, Lindy is wrong, BEAST is wrong. They got it all wrong!
Hi Everyone! It's Saturday so that can mean only one thing! It's time for a brand new Crafty Emma's Store Challenge! Before I get on to my chosen theme for the coming week, I need to Thank all of you who took part in last week's 'Cute and Cuddly' Challenge! We all loved looking through all your cute cards but there can only be one winner...
The other two items, the pin and the bracelet (many tiny elephants in a row) belonged to my grandma. She gave them to me several years ago. She's still alive and kicking (fiercely, I might add) and I'm sure these aren't the last elephant items I'll receive from her!
Here are the winners:
This will be a terrific night of poetry with slammers spitting 1-minute, 2-minute and 3-minute poems in successive rounds in the hope of claiming Bill Brown at the end of the night.
You can break the unhealthy fast food habit: educate yourself about the true ingredients of fast food items, plan ahead for your meals, carry healthy snacks like nuts to ward off hunger and cook healthy chicken recipes at home. Convince yourself that fast food is the most disgusting stuff on the planet and is harmful to you and to those you love. After reading this, that shouldn’t be too hard.
Why is it that every time I have Exams, I manage to find time to write a Blog post?! So much has been going on and so much is coming up! I have my amazing brother coming back from Medical School on Saturday, My LAST Final Exam is on Tuesday, My Graduation is on May 3rd, My Party is on May 7th, and Finally I'm leaving to TURKEY the Second week in May! Being away from my Family and Friends for 4 months is going to be Sad....But I'm looking forward to the amazing experience I will be having learning my Fathers language and Half my Culture :) Not only that, but I have Giveaways going on...and Videos to do for you all! How Do I MANAGE it all? I have no IDEA haha But Allah swt and all your love, positive energy and support sure do help!
trick I've used in the past to give new life to old
hey, I'm feeling better! I've had several bad days over the past two weeks. I thought I was getting better, then I got a sore throat. Plus I was feeling nauseous from the antibiotics I was on. It was a pain! I don't enjoy throwing up...Anyways, now I'm on Zofran for the nausea, the throat is better, lungs feeling better and life is looking up again...YAY!!! And just in time too! I had plans to go with two girl friends to Florida for a week of relaxing girl time. A few days ago, I couldn't imagine going because I felt so yucky...but now it's feeling doable and exciting. We are leaving Sat. morning. IF my laptop works (been having some issues), I might post some of our escapades from Florida...
Greet the sun now and with arms in front of you, pull the invisible stream of light energy from the sun into and over your body. Thank the sun for this energy. (there is much more to my version but this will definitely do the trick for a quicker grounding/centering)
MCA has always maintained good relationships with Chinese societies and associations.
The committee was also shocked to discover that the bail conditions file at the community service centre was also not properly managed.
Fourthly.
MANY have tried ALL have failed.
It is Friday. And because I like lists, here are three goals for the weekend:
The pits
‘Who needs outlines, when the world is working for you?’ (Goldman)
Let’s see how this operates. A Pleaser fears rejection (her Wound belief that she is worthless). Through projection, she categorizes people into those who help to counter this painful belief and those who do not. The latter group she hates because they threaten to bring attention to her Wound. She works tirelessly to produce opportunities to maintain and improve her standing in the “approved” community of “good” people and thus sustain distance from her Wound.
Peter Senge in his book “The Fifth Discipline: The Art and Practice of the Learning Organization (2006) suggested mental models impede or accelerate learning. We need to surface and challenge mental models (p. 167). First, we need to know and surface what impedes individual and collective growth. Second, we must acknowledge there are alternative views based perspective. Third, we need to accept alternative views might be better. We need dialogue. This is more than lip service through idle, banal posturing to promote fads or prove we know the vocabulary. I had to admit my writing needed more. I enjoy listening to people tell me how hard change is. I know. My life is full of change. This is a second career spanning 40 years in the workplace.
which hasn't appeared previously in the blogosphere,
I bring up Brandon Sanderson a lot around here. Which would probably mean that I’m a big fan of his work. However, that’s not really the case. I’ve read the first book in his Alcatraz series and wasn’t really taken by it. I’ve also attempted his first Mistborn book and it didn’t grab me either.
reached the edge of the roof and crouched to leap for the tree. But she hesitated, wobbling on the edge. The tree was more than an arm’s length out. If she leaped for it she would stab herself on the spikes. Worse, if she didn’t find holds at once, she would scrape against the rough bark as she tumbled to the ground.
Both the Center for Copyright Information and the Copyright Alert System are voluntary collaborations between the entertainment and broadband business communities. Participating ISPs will begin implementing Copyright Alerts in 2011 and 2012.
Presumably he wasn’t ready to think of himself as retired yet. Maybe he liked the daily regimen of work. Or, with a kid in college, maybe he didn’t think he was in a financial position to retire. But, whatever the reason, he was still holding out some degree of hope to take up his draftsman’s tools again.
Well I see grace (I see grace)
Ugh, I don’t really care if you call it marriage or civil unions or serving-at-the-altar-of-disco, you have to give two consenting adults in a committed relationship the same rights as everyone else. It civilizes people. It makes them less paranoid and angsty. It is ultimately good for society. Until that happens, gay people will always be screwed. It’s simple, really, $500 vs. $11,900. So simple even an idiot can understand it.
The question of how to respond as a person of privilege to injustice is one that I experienced not only as a child in South Africa, but also one I have wrestled with in Israel and here in America. It is Dr. King and the vision of the Civil Rights movement that provided me with an answer to the question.
Dump the dough onto a floured cutting board and roll it into a log about one inch in diameter. Wrap the log in plastic wrap and chill for at least one hour or overnight--this is a great item to make ahead of time.
The lesson "Exploring Measuring" is split into two lessons (Measuring Length and Exploring Measuring). Both lessons are expanded from what they were before.
Producers said further casting would be announced shortly.
— Expose unethical practices of journalists and the news media.
And finally, we have Melissa's little pin cushion pillow. It is done with tiny cross stitches in the letter "J"and surrounded with the Prairie Poppy design, in the strawberry colorway this time.
Was ever in its heart, so hoisting high
I went to the kitchen to clean up from breakfast.
At the centre lies William Wailes's former home, the Grade II listed Saltwell Towers, also restored, with the addition of a cafe and visitor information points located in the building.
Karla has explained to her kids, "Well, the chemotherapy is killing the bad cells in my body, and when it does that, it will actually kill some of the good cells, too. And that is what will make my hair fall out."
2010.08.23 Thailand Pattani 2 4 Two civilians are machine-gunned to death by Muslim insurgents in separate attacks.
Well, yes. But maybe not.
And here you can see the inside of the card where you can leave some love to the recipient.
All you hear is the squick-squick of the windshield-wipers, and the world outside is dark and blurry. Once you get back into the world, it feels fresh and smells salty clean earthy and grassy.
SpaceX’s Dragon spacecraft will be capable of carrying seven passengers to orbit. With the company’s Falcon family of rockets, SpaceX is working to create the world’s safest human spaceflight system.
Wishing you all a wonderful and joyous New Year for 2012!!!
It's the first of July which means it's our first Birthday.................and to celebrate we have a little competition for you with extra prizes to be won, so please read down to see what you need to do.
In another posting he said: “Mandela asked so nice, start at home with food poison, gas leaks, cut the phone lines, kill the babies in the pool, be creative or if you have no nerve, call me and my team … we have 3 000 on standby and can be ready with in 24 hours… think about it now or good luck.”
and the best flea market have been to in ages (think rubber stamps & typewriters and much, much more). So stayed tuned into the blog for those. If you happen to be planning a trip they will be useful.
For me things are sometimes upside down,
The good news is: it’s a long weekend! And we get to celebrate it by cleaning and doing load after load of laundry! We should be almost back to normal by Monday… Happy weekend, everyone!
Ryan came by the table and we chatted for a couple of minutes about the blog, the origins of the Bull E. Vard name (maybe I’ll turn Bull E. Vard into a Dread Pirate Roberts thing) and various other things. Ryan then explained a couple of drinks to Stella because most of the ingredients in the drinks are hard to recognize. When you go in to Manifesto, have a cocktail starting point in mind. What’s your favorite cocktail? Most of the cocktails at Manifesto are based on classic cocktails from the 1850’s through the early 1900’s. Stella’s starting point (and mine as well) is the French martini. From there your waiter will explain a couple of options that you might enjoy. Since Ryan was doing the recommending, the explanations were flawless.
A chance to remind you of what you’re fighting for
Possibilities...
My Lovely DT and buddy Shannon has chosen this week's challenge which is
We attended the hand weavers conference in Riverside this last weekend. A lot of fiber vendors were there so it was like going to Stitches West for fiber with out having to go to Santa Clara.
the whole world much brighter.
Mix scallions, garlic, ginger, sugar, soy sauce and Korean chili in a large bowl.
At times I get fed up with her.
Pleased with the results Hairband was then allowed to slowly come to before I placed him, still on his heat pad back into the carry case.
South Korea has a rich history spanning 3000 years or more. Today Seoul has nearly 25 million inhabitants and after the Korean War (1950-1953) the country quickly recovered and became one of the major financial and manufacturing hubs in the world. These two pictures were taken from the Seoul Tower and one from Rick.
Game- Introduce game: Do you know what praying, fasting, and almsgiving mean? Let’s find out.
Unfortunately my Butler Bulldogs didn't make it this year! But there is a new underdog to route for, The Creighton Blue Jays! It will be great to watch and cheer on my little sisters school (who knows how far they will make it)!
You can find Products in easy-to-spray bottle containers. It is important to look for high potential products. While there are many products intended to kill pests, not all of them are truly that effective. Cockroaches and rats, especially, are a microscopic tricky to kill.
Tam lo'ed him live a vera brither-
Our hens free-range, which means they come and go from their barn as their little hearts desire. They are not cooped, not caged, not enclosed in any way. We have a pasture fence, but they make short work of hopping it to the front yard, or paying my garden a visit. They eat a lot of bugs. And grass. And weeds. And more bugs….you know, what chickens are supposed to eat! We also give them “treats”– basically organic table scraps like fruit cores (they LOVE pear and apple cores; melons and grapes), organic oatmeal, organic bread crusts. And, of course, cracked corn. We eat organically, and since we eat our chicken’s eggs, we feed them organically, too.
Now some not so nice things because school and work not so much free time. I haven't been able to do choir or commit to much. Also had to not go to church tonight I went to the saturday night service which if i keep working sundays i hope to do. I will figure something out but i do hate people acting like i'm a bad person . it's not my fault i have to work on sundays. I've had lots of struggles and been super moody. partly because my crush didn't work out so that stinks. Also still bummed my friends moved away. Jana, jackie , rebecca ... (though rebecca will be back in few months which is awesome and I can't wait for!)
And so I also dedicate my award to the printed word–not brief bites but sturdy prose that gives us another way to see ourselves and the world. To quote from my nominator’s blog: “Writing is my profession. Reading books is a passion.” Let’s lobby for more reading of books, more time spent in a hammock deeply entranced by the printed word.
Eli's case has been almost the complete opposite of Mia's
From beyond the door came a whisper, like a conjuration. Lizzy saw a shadow recede from the wide gap at the bottom of the dressing room door and her heartbeat kicked up a notch.
The Doctor and his friends team up with residents of an old people's home to discover the truth. And together they find themselves face to face with a deadly Weeping Angel.
- Knowing where we feel and act in the most creative way helps us identify what internal and external environments nurture us most so we can continue unfolding and growing.
I was mountain biking yesterday afternoon, something I enjoy doing in my free time. It’s a time I feel I fully let go. I love riding fast, clearing my mind, being focused, and having to pay complete attention to what I’m doing lest getting hurt! I think that is why many people are attracted to intense sports like mountain climbing, rock climbing, and even car racing. There is no time for the mind and in those moments we meditate, we become fully alert, and fully alive! But that is another blog. Let’s continue, before I get sidetracked.
She's been already lost toenails and muscles - and now she's got gangrene.
unless you’re an empath
So ticket signed, her copy in hand, another customer blaming the "po-po" for all of her problems in the world. She gives me a parting shot by calling me a "pecker wood". End of story right? Not!
The Empress often allows Gussie to do his guard duty alone in order to continue her beauty sleep. Once in awhile she’ll deign to follow Gussie outdoors, using her best Charlie Chaplin mincing steps and short grunts of, “I’m right behind you Gussie. Go get ‘em, Sir!”
Cinnamon - 1 inch length
Chuck replied, "Well, then, just give me my money back."
Any of these photos tickle your fancy? :) Do you get the idea that Pottery Barn may be taking a hint from the blogging/craft world? How many of these pieces have you seen someone already create a version of? I still heart Pottery Barn, and in fact wouldn't mind working there- inspiration would overcome me. On second thought, it's probably better for our finances if I don't work there. :)
Side effects with traditional Chinese medicine are usually minor. With herbal treatments, there should be no side effects if the patient has been given the correct formula and is taking it in the prescribed manner. Some people feel a little sore or stiff the day after receiving Tuina massage, but the soreness does not last and usually clears up with repeated treatments.
Alisha: Seduces men with the touch of their hand and causes them to become savage beasts
Cut a frame for your image using coordinating dies and patterned paper (or cardstock). The large scalloped circle is just bigger than the circle that I used for my image and acetate. The circle in the photo is one size smaller than the one that I used for my image.
People have already figured out solutions to the problem that is you. If it wasn't broken, there wouldn't be so many videos, blogs and articles about how to jailbreak, unlock and fix it. There wouldn't need to be free text apps if yours weren't so costly. Even WITH your text plans.
After Kansas we hit up Boulder, CO to visit friend and former colleague Kene where he now lives on a goat ranch while working on his post-doc. Be still my bleating heart. I almost made off with a small goat named Honey, but with the two cats I wouldn’t want to get pulled over for any Zanesville shit. Oh, this is Kene’s yard:
02 - Waiting On a Sunny Day
6) Why Jeremy Lin Matters Given Lin’s clear profession of faith, Asian American Christians in particular embrace him both as fellow ethnic kin as well as a fellow believer.
We were left in the backyard, or worse – left to roam -
Then they begin to hope it can be done.
I was taking double the chance here. First with the whole chicken burger thing, but also - have you ever made chicken parmesean with ground chicken? Me neither.
Is there anything you won’t give up for the sake of faithful witness to Jesus? Air conditioning? Running water? Respect? A savings account and 401K?
Although he passed away in 1982, Ziolkowski's family continues to play a major role in the sculpting and oversight of the Crazy Horse Memorial.
In reference to NATO’s increasingly global stature, he celebrated the fact that it has “140,000 troops around the world in current operations in Afghanistan, the Balkans, piracy, Libya until recently, and on patrol protecting the alliance…” The last item is in part a reference to the Baltic air mission.
A first census snapshot of married women who stay home to raise their children shows that the popular obsession with high-achieving professional mothers sidelining careers for family life is largely beside the point.
If these numbers seem daunting but you still want a custom look and to include the art of calligraphy, here are some tips to keeping your costs down:
“Good,” Wei replied. “Where are the scouts?”
Unicorn or Hippogriff
New ham Council says it can no longer afford to house tenants on its waiting list in private accommodation.
Airflow around the front tyre is critical with the post-2009 wide front wings. The ever more complex front wing endplates direct the airflow around the tyre. This effect varies greatly with front wing ride height, so that when the wing flexes down under load at speed, the airflow changes. I have learnt from F1 aerodynamicists that the effect of the endplate on flow around the wheel as the wing flexes down, is perhaps more important than downforce gained the wing being closer to the ground. So the Red Bull and also Ferrari tests are critical to understand how the airflow passes around the tyres with varying wing ride height.
5) One of the more fun (and subversive) posters, this one was developed by the Institute for Experimental Freedom (the small publishing collective who put out the brash but fun-filled insurrectionary text “Politics Is not a Banana.”) asks us to replace the main image with some sort of “riot graphic” while using the appropriate, hip font (Haas Grotesk). At first blush, a kind of meta joke, it’s also got a point: everything about this strike and Occupy is essentially do it yourself. That’s not just an accident, it’s by design. Part of the rationale comes from a deep historical awareness of how other movements have been co-opted in the past; the symbols and fashion of a movement become commoditized, while the underlying reality and message is diminished or crushed. Ad Busters, among others, is especially sensitive to the phenomena. This poster seems to be going on the offensive. Note the Coca Cola style font and bottle cap design that surrounds the General Strike notice. It would be interesting if a set of images could retool major corporate ‘brands’ with subversive messaging. A Pepsi shaped bottle with a General Strike Message in it, the Wal-Mart smiley face, announcing the next round of boycotts against that behemoth. None of this would be exactly ‘legal’ of course, but maybe that’s the point.
TIME TO TALK TO AN EXPERT
So what do you do to preserve those photos? Do you have a backup system you use consistently? Or do you simply cross your fingers and hope that your computer never crashes?
On Monday, as you know, I battled with LG and Irobot, both resulted in minor victories though one company has probably lost a customer. LG has fixed my machine and offered to replace any damaged clothing. IRobot on the other hand is running what I consider a scam on their warranty returns.
Push a button, and your patient rises gently into the air...its beautiful...*tear*
(root_nsu1c308)@/etc # cp system-INSTALL system
At least with the Florida game, you could make an argument that what took place occurred with the two teams in close proximity to each other and that there was a risk that a Riot in Cell Block 9 might break out at any minute. (I didn’t say it was a good argument, but at least you could trot it out.)
Best in Tiara Quantities
There are interesting inner-city suburbs in North London, including Islington and Camden Town. South London includes a mess of poor, dirty, graffiti-ridden suburbs, such as Brixton, which have vibrant subcultures of their own and are in many ways where the real vitality of London lies. Accommodation for holidays here is generally very expensive but it still atrracts tourists of all nationalities and status.
Watch here for Ms Atkin’s explanation.
The window was designed by the stained glass artist Geoffrey Webb, a must-see for anyone that loves Wonderland. A wonderful Christmas poem by Lewis Carroll is shown in the center three bottom panels, which include characters from Wonderland - the White Rabbit, Dodo, the Caterpillar, Mad Hatter, and more! Our own Sue Roddis visited this chapel and gave me permission to show her close-up photos here, click to enlarge:
Dear Mr Bananas
It upholds respect for individuals’ rights to autonomy and self-determination as the overriding value, citing, among other examples, the current approach to abortion as showing this value predominates in contemporary Quebec society.
They rose early on the morning of the twenty-fifth day of the ninth month, that is, the month of Kislev, in the year one hundred and forty-eight, and offered sacrifice according to the law on the new altar for burnt offerings that they had made.
It is however one of the pages out of the grant application for Cultural Heritage Spaces.
But, as the crow flies, or the foot treads – it’s only a block and a half! A lovely stroll, at any time of year.
If only Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law could make out.
YOUTUBE CLIP JERUSALIMA:
4) There should always be something in a space that throws the decor off just a bit
Rowr.
5) Meanwhile, combine sugar, orange juice, and 1 tablespoon grated orange rind.
There are things one just knows without the need of much explanation – one just feels it. I haven’t, to this day, watched “The King’s Speech” but I know, deep down in my heart, that its winning of the Best Picture Award last year was so, so wrong. And I know that because I’ve seen five of the movies that were nominated with it – if the world were a fair place that would never have happened. And don’t even get me started on Tom Hooper winning for best director – that was heresy.
I had a vision of how this card should look and now that it's complete I believe it turned out better than that vision! And that's really rare for me. I am a HUGE fan of Pollycraft digital images and this one is no exception. The Pollycraft Monday Challenge is White Winter, they are looking for a Guest Designer too - wish me luck! So here it is:
I'm going to take this question and relate it back to my scrapbook and cardmaking, since I post about these on my blog. I am inspired by colors and scenery and other people's creations. I love things that are bight and cheery, things with lots of color.
Technically, this particular beer should be one of the freshest to be sampled here on The Year.
I have previously warned that unless something is done to reverse current demographic trends, economic necessity, together with the ‘culture of death’ ideology which is becoming more openly accepted, may well mean that the generation that killed its children will in turn be killed by its own children.
I get a lot of questions about publishing contracts, and many requests to review them. I'm not a lawyer, but I do have a fair knowledge of publishing contract boilerplate, as well as a good grasp of the issues that writers need to look out for, and I'm always willing to provide experience-based feedback. (Plus, I am fascinated by contract language. What can I say, I'm a geek at heart.)
And as Anneke Jong pointed out on women’s career site the Daily Muse, only a minority of the women on recent “women in technology” lists seem to have coding skills. Many of the most powerful women in tech, like former TechCrunch CEO Heather Harde and Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, rose to their positions not from the world of Java and HTML but from business roles.
Girl: Oh my god, I do??
Whereas the original Cars tried to re-create a 50s Route 66 American Southwest vibe, this is a full-on 1960s British spy caper feel. Everything from the supercool Finn McMissile to the gadgets to the music makes those of us old enough to remember them (or those willing to have checked them out on Netflix or cable TV) the spy movies of Caine, James Bond or James Coburn, among others. There are homages to these films scattered throughout, sometimes subtly and occasionally not so much.
Questions remain though -
Get quiet, dear friend.......listen closely....then be brave when you know exactly what to do next but can't quite get the courage to do it. Be brave and go for it, then do it again. Live THAT ONE PRECIOUS LIFE OF YOURS....really really live it.
...an A4 pack of patterned paper, letter stickers, chipboard shapes, buttons, flowers, rubber stamps, ribbon, jewelled swirls, printed silk, journal cards and oh yes, even more flowers. Jodie, needless to say, had really made my day. I mean, who wouldn't wish to have such a wonderful stash laid out before them? I was bouncing off the walls.
Me: *turns on bagpipe music.
I rejoice in how wrong I was, and I praise God for showing me how much more richly I could be living life.
Rather, what did I want you to think? Giving these pasalubong to you and the others isn’t exactly a peace offering, and I have no intention of it being so. I consider me buying you the Rosquillos equivalent to me paying back a debt or a request that was not attended to at the time it was supposed to have been answered. Even though I do not technically owe you any pack of Rosquillos, I bought you a pack just because I remembered you liked those sunflower shaped cookies with a hole in the middle. I don’t owe the others any form of food either, but I just hope they’d like it.
So to keep me from becoming conceited because of the surpassing greatness of the revelations, a thorn was given me in the flesh, a messenger of Satan to harass me, to keep me from becoming conceited.
Today was a bad day. I'm normally not one of those people who can jump out of bed and start my day. I wake up grumpy and that is all. So, I figured out a long time ago that I could wake up an hour before anyone, take my shower, watch the news and enjoy my cup of coffee, then I could be grumpy in peace and when it became time to wake up the rest of my family, I'd be in a better mood and we wouldn't start the day on the wrong foot. Not today though. I woke up, took a shower, poured a cup of coffee and turned on the news (see I had good intentions) but then I went back to sleep. So, I was grumpy when I woke up the kids to get ready. Then the baby (who's not really a baby anymore but I still call her one) kept climbing out of the bathtub and every time I picked her up it hurt my wrist, so I huffed into my room and slammed the door, John jumped out of bed and yelled "what the hell is wrong with you!!!" After we shouted some mean things at each other, he went back to bed and I went about getting the kids ready.
The term ‘apostolic government’ does not denote the government of man or the top-down exercise of authority. It does connote authority however and leadership by spiritual leaders who operate in the Spirit. It refers to people who are capable and who serve in the uniqueness God has given them in Christ. They are Christ’s heart-joined people disbursing spiritual wealth that they have been given by Jesus. A pre-requisite of genuine apostleship is a foundation in the New Covenant and a life in the Spirit. None with a foot in the law can represent Christ in His fullness. Life in the Spirit is not only the ability to function in spiritual gifts. It is a life in which Christ is our life, and we are an extension of Him in the world.
I might not be Lou Gehrig, but I consider myself fairly lucky.
But please no glitter or shine on the cards. (it can be dangerous for the soldiers. If they are out in the dark trying to hide, the glitter can do that they may be spotted)
Level 20: Recovers 200 HP and 60 MP every 4 seconds.
Eh, the issues have been around for many, many years. I don't think they're going to disappear overnight. Thanks to those of you who suggested we see the movie FIREPROOF. And thank you to Kris for sending me a copy to preview! It was awesome! If you haven't seen it, it comes out on DVD at the end of January. GO PREORDER IT! And have a box or two of tissues nearby when you watch it. Kris told me they've received literally thousands of letters from men saying they wanted to date their wives again.
Pre-destined Hobby: Cuisine- 3
But the damage was done - the vast majority of comic books are about superheroes, with no moral, ethical or "deep" life questions posed in them - simply, it is "kill, shoot, kill, pew pew blam blam" on every page. Only now some comic books are exploring different, nuanced stories, with adult themes, adult language, and intelligently written stories, not exactly for 15 year old pimple faced teenagers.
Good morning Sir,
And there are some fun smaller details taken from my daily life. A dog in The Madman’s Daughter sequel is modeled after my neighbor’s dog. I haven’t told them that yet, which I should, because they’re probably wondering why I keep staring at their dog and then taking notes. I am using a friend’s last name for a particularly devious villain, but luckily she took that as a compliment. And one of my favorite lines in the book, which shall remain a mystery for now, is something my husband often says.
Jo Ann is now the head of the photography department at SUNY Purchase, where I also teach. All my students who know her sing her praises as an educator, photographer and person. They respect and admire her, something many of us who teach strive for, to earn the respect and admiration of our students.
Recently MAC introduced a few new collections, one of which being Tres Cheek, a collection of six blush powders.
As a lifelong supporter of Union action, this the most anti-democratic union move by Morrisey and BECTU.
The silence maintained by the intelligentsia over vital issues like inequality and atrocities in the society has let the country down. A sense of insecurity prevailed in the society even as 75% of the population was educated, compared to the sense of security that prevailed when only 3% of the population were educated in the pre-independence period. There are no teachers in many (Journalism) colleges and existing teachers do not equip students for practical journalism…more focus should be given on practical journalism than theory in education and that journalism schools have working
One interesting point I remember of my uninvited guest was his attitude to Tesco. Tesco opened an Express store near the Spar and suddenly the fridge was full of Tesco food rather than out of date Ginsters pilfered from the Spar. When I asked him why he wasn’t supporting his employer by either using his staff discount card or stealing he told me he preferred Tesco and that now it had opened the job was great ‘cos he and the boss eyed cashier girl he was chasing had nothing to do. I saw the writing on the wall. Within a couple of months I was out with them both for the Spar redundancy party and that’s where I saw a tasty group of lasses across the bar and chatted up the chubby mate of the current squeeze. A fact I get reminded of from time to time. Now the reason I chatted her mate up was like most chaps I’m a tad intimidated by beautiful women and thought I stood a better chance of a shag off her mate. Turns out I was wrong. The squeeze pulled me and six months later I was explaining to my flatmate that he had to pay the rent now or move out because I was getting mortgaged up with my bird and no he could not come live with us because the squeeze was freaked out about hearing him whack off in the living room whilst the squeeze and I were in my bedroom.
Rational/Healthy Response: It doesn’t matter if I’ve never had a McFlurry before. In fact it’s about damn time. And one McFlurry is not going to affect my weight. I am hungry. I am craving something sweet. Besides the fact that I’m afraid makes it more important that I do this. Remember if I eat when I am hungry and stop when I’m full I will not gain weight.
You’ll notice I moved the bed:
Life is too short to waste on dusting.........
We didn't really talk much after that, until several years after my recovery. He was 18 before we really sat down and talked again. I had hurt him so badly that I thought I'd lost him forever. But time heals, or so they say, and he somehow found a way to forgive me for all of the pain I caused him. I wouldn't blame him one bit if he hadn't, though. Not one bit.
And then there's that stupid prophecy. Those things always make life a living hell.
Go forth and conquer, sweet lady. The prize is yours for the taking.
The FA won’t do anything, but they should. Atkinson should be made an example of. I don’t mean a couple of weeks suspension or a slap on the wrist. I mean a proper punishment for a catastrophically wrong decison. In any other profession made such a terrible mistake they would rightly be sanctioned by their employers. I don’t expect Atkinson to suffer the same fate.
The affidavit states witnesses identified Davis by name and in a photo lineup as participating in the beating.
I'm sure if Emma could talk she'd say I miss you nan and granddad!
Congratulations to Tiffany and Mary and thank you to everyone who participated! I enjoyed learning more about you ladies and about your hopes for this new year. I will be in touch with the winners for addresses and such. I hope you all have a nice weekend!
Girls: Root Words 1st Page: 2nd Page
Be sure to look at the Design Team Blogs.. (If you click on their names above you will be taken to their blogs). As they may just have some MORE Candy for you.
Having said that, we also notice that the path of the eclipse point conjunct the DC is running very closely along the east coast of the US, as the map below shows:
So whether you are forced to deal with Kansas Limo Company you kept in reserve because you may find it hard to beat the city kansas news station television and the city kansas news station television of Kansas. Over the last 125 years KC has grown from a western cattle town to become one of those old west cities that everyone remembers from television shows and movies, but rarely is truly seen for the perfect vacationing destination, they can find such a destination in the city kansas news station television and great performances. Much of the city kansas news station television to search for information on homes for rent in Kansas City. This place was the city kansas news station television in America you do as any American does. You rent a Kansas City real estate just for arts sake.
And if this monastery could offer me a clear road map, a practical way of life, on how to do that….
1) The first thing to do is to stop the burning process.Use lots and lots of water 15 to 30 minutes until the burning stops....don't use ice or ice water..it will make the burn worse.If it's a contact burn run it under running water.If it's splattered hot grease or oil,remove the affected clothing and wash the grease off the skin. However if the clothing sticks to the skin, don't ever attempt to remove it ourselves. This has to be done by a doctor.
Well after weeks of the most unpleasant weather ever, we finally had a beautiful weekend in one of Europe's most beautiful cities--Prague!! When we were planning our intinerary for this trip, Cam originally wasn't so keen on going to Prague, but now having been, he said that it's his favorite city that we have been to so far. I think it's tied with Paris for me, but it's definitely on my top 5 list of places I've ever been to! We had an amazing time, it's just a gorgeous city!!
Next, think about why no one seems to mind that the major investors on this single-bid contract are major political donors?
It hasn’t helped that our real estate frenzy has sucked away time that Ava and I normally spend with the kids. Over the last couple of weeks I have spent multiple hours talking on the telephone with Ava, my parents, and real estate agents while trying to cook lunch, to get Polly through the bathroom process, to take the kids to the park, and to do any number of other basic activities during which the kids usually have our undivided attention. At first they thought our distraction was fun. It was something new for them to figure out. But now that this curiosity has worn off, they quickly become unhappy and demanding whenever the phone rings. It has been a stressful experience for all of us as Ava and I know exactly what is happening but feel compelled to continue with our conversations anyway.
Henry County sheriff's deputies said the woman was hit by the second of two shots fired by her husband.
Two more chocolates and I'll have eaten the whole box of chocolate Daniel gave me.
The "Rejections and Responses" section is organized by statute – § 101, § 102, § 103, § 112 – exactly how patent prosecutors categorize rejections. It also covers design patents and reissue. For each rejection, the book first states the "Basis of the Rejection" (i.e., the text of the statute) and then includes sections for various responses to the rejection. For example, as possible Responses to anticipation, the book includes a section for "Reference Does Not Include Every Claim Element" and another section for "Reference Does Not Qualify as Prior Art." These sections are then broken down into subsections, for example, "Asserted Reference is Not a Printed Publication," "Asserted Reference is Publication of Applicant's Own Invention." In other words, these Response sections and subsections correspond to arguments you can make against the rejection.
My answer? Er, yes. But nowhere near as much as I used to do.
~*Shell*~
CELC
What a little moonlight can do,
The actors and actresses were all excellent! We absolutely LOVED watching this! The biggest plus for the books I think over the movie is that in the movie, we don't really know Katniss's thoughts like we do in the book, but the movie is great! If you want a peek, here is the link to the Official Hunger Games Movie Trailer. We of course look forward to seeing the next movie of this series based on Catching Fire.
John also tells us in chapter 21:25; and there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. We’re told of certain healings that took place by Jesus through the power of the Holy Spirit, but he healed multitudes of people that are mentioned but not given individual attention to in writing. Think about John’s statement here…the world itself could not contain the books. Chew on that for awhile…that’s a lot stuff we don’t know. This verse must have been what inspired F.M. Lehman to write the last stanza to his hymn “The Love of God.” Look at these great words:
Like the young man who shoved his way to the front of the line waiting to get on the afternoon bus, telling his girlfriend “There ain’t no line for the bus, you just go to the front”, I harbor concerns that The Ropes are not being shared; and while I would personally like to see them posted somewhere, or, in the case of this young man, beaten into him with a length of rubber hose (to be followed with a politely worded explanation and maybe a late-afternoon treat), I worry others may see this need for regulated civil behavior, on even a superficial level, as infringing on their “rights”.
I love the self-help, spirituality, and business section of the library/bookstore. It’s my favorite section. If it’s non-fiction and the book wants to help me become a better person I’m all over it. The past couple of years I’ve read/listened to a lot of Wayne Dyer and Tony Robbins books that help you control the way you think and therefore control your emotions. I have gotten to practice a lot of my learnings in various situations… basically every moment I come in contact with another human being (only a few times I forget
Clooney’s old shack was the last house in the hollow. The closest home to Clooney’s was about a mile back down the road. No one understood how this helpless old man could possibly take care of himself. By this time Herbert walked with a cane and couldn‘t see two feet in front of him. Clooney’s dilapidated shanty was one room measuring an enormous twenty by twenty. The old man lived more on the front porch than inside his cabin. His fifteen-year-old basset hound, that was a mainstay on the porch steps, was named Clydesdale. That dog was too lazy to chew his food. It was common sense that the dog was probably, in his own way, trying to starve himself to death. Life on the mountain, even for a dog, can be difficult. Sometimes, old man Clooney would chew up Clydesdale’s food for him and then proceed to force feed the dog. He loved that dog. There was no doubt about it. Hillbilly ignorance flows like Loathsome Creek, it over runs its banks.
The paper's editorial tone has also somewhat changed from back in 2007 when it declared he should not be released, although not by enough, and which again repeats the inaccuracies dealt with above. It also mentions another comment made, dealt with myself again at the time:One fellow con said he showed not one ounce of remorse - quite the opposite, in fact.The fellow con was Mark Brunger, and his comments were based on how Chindamo supposedly was while at a young offender's institution. Back in 2007 at best he had not had any association with Chindamo for 3 years - and at worst anything up to 7, and that's if we believe him.That was just three years ago.
If you're looking for something to do in the forthcoming Bank Holiday weekend – look no further, there's a cracking beer festival requiring your presence.
Essentially, the charge was that Desiya employees, including former CEO of Desiya, Amit Taneja, had criminally conspired to hand over data belonging to its company to Cleartrip. This resulted in the arrest of Amit Taneja and Stuart Crighton, CEO of Cleatrip in August, 2010. A suit was filed in July, 2011 in the Bombay High Court claiming damages of $37.5 million (over Rs 165 crore).
I’ll touch base with evolution after the next part of the conversation.
So I approached the girl and asked if they were in a club or something that likes to draw mazes. I mean, there are clubs for everything, right?
“Your doing it wrong!” None of the readers here today have even remotely come close to 170% of VO2 MAX- EVER!!!
Ending the thank you note in OAK style :
This is where the Planet Bike K.O.K.O comes in.
Need a bit of inspiration to get into the Holiday spirit?!
Bruno Spagnolini, AgustaWestland CEO, says the company’s market forecast for the AW609 is set at 450-500 aircraft in 20 years. The aircraft’s book price has not yet been announced but is expected to be no more than 50% higher than an unpressurized helicopter of the same weight class.
Me when I'm REALLY casual. And looking stoned...for some reason... (I was tired that day. idk. xD )
With romance, horror, art, crime, revenge, and even a secret organization of crimefighters, there's bound to be something in this wild recipe that you might enjoy.
Bulgarka to respond rather oddly to one line in "You're The Only One
He then went on to love what he made and carried on scrapping in that style when he got home. I think he went a little for out of his comfort zone for a while.
Okay, y’all, this is essentially an irrelevant fluff post, because I lost an hour of sleep this weekend and it took extreme heroism for me not to just go straight back to bed after John and Lorelei left this morning.
“Preheat the oven to 190°C/170°fan/gas mark 5. Put the muffin cases in the tins. Tip the contents into a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the centre and add two beaten eggs, 300ml milk and 100g melted butter. Mix quickly until just combined. Divide between the muffin cases and bake for 18-20 minutes. Best eaten within 24 hours and use within one month.”
Then, basing his figures on data from the US and UK...
Awards and Recognitions:
Why has there not even been a peep, a squeak? Do we have to lose it all before we realize what hit US — that we should have said something back then?
of the challenge.We were sent some fabulous images to use this week
So the “troubling trend” was in evidence at the Post itself, albeit in a different section of the paper.
K: K-k-k-katie—-that’s me.
The remarkable thing was that throughout it all she never lost her incredible ability to put excellent food on the table- inventive, perfectly seasoned dishes every night. That was perhaps the weirdest part of all. During that entire year of cooking, there wasn’t a dud in the bunch. Not an off night, not a menu failure, not one. Now granted, she was primarily cooking comfort food and certainly not testing her training or abilities. Still, that’s a remarkable stretch for any cook. The real blessing was that throughout most of the treatments she kept her appetite, although she would find that certain foods tasted better than others, and during the worst of it she couldn’t eat much at all.
When it comes to the work place I think it is essential to keep it conservative. Hence the title.
Oh yeah, and there’s still real-life verbal conversations with real-life people, but nobody does that any more.
reticule or ridicule – some argue that ridicule is the only proper Regency term for a ladies purse, but you’ll see reticule used almost exclusively
A couple more obligations to deal with in the next couple of days and I can shift the mind set more to family, meal planning and trying to keep the house, laundry and dogs clean. These trips out of town make for long days and the drives back in the evenings are much slower as one watches for deer on the roads.
My sequel that I’m currently writing will introduce the other sort of dragons – the “bad dragons” – the ones that go around destroying cities and eating people and causing havoc and burping loudly and such. If Fallenwood was The Wizard of Oz, Illeydra might be the Good Witch and the Crystal Dragons (I’m not giving away anything else until the appointed time!) would be the flying monkeys that belong to the Wicked Witch of the West.
"The Star Spangled Banner," the national anthem of these United States of America - the very song that more than just the velvet-voiced Christina Aguilera has botched up on - was set to the tune of a drinking song.
I have to begin my review by saying how much I love the cover of this book. I'm not sure what it is but there is something that I just love about it.
In the system after that they again appeared, but only as I was already warping away. I was clearly gaining ever so slightly on them. I was not stopping for anything while they were trying to lock me up and then looking to see where I had gone before warping.
So who can help? How about the person that has been offering to help all along? The person I have been avoiding until I could get my life straightened out enough to feel “worthy” to present myself to Him? How about going to the Man upstairs? I hear he has pretty efficient methods of scum-removal.
I have a friend who’s first love was the beautiful Farah from Prince of Persia.
Distinguishing Features: BUSINESS ACUMEN
That music hath a far more pleasing sound:
If there were the sound of water only
Starting with Lincoln's humble beginnings, Rappaport traces his journey from the rural slave state of Kentucky to the statehouse in Illinois, to the nation's capital. Kadir Nelson's illustrations draw immediate attention and make this a wonderful book to read aloud to younger children. He expresses so much of Lincoln's character, whether it's as a determined lawyer working late into the night by candlelight, or looking up at him as he gives the Gettysburg address. Nelson's illustrations complement Rappaport's text on each page, conveying the scene Lincoln describes seeing slaves chained as he worked along the Mississippi River, or the steely gray scene of the U.S. Capitol during Lincoln's second inaugural address.
I stood on the opposite side from her on many political issues of the day. But there was no question that Geraldine Ferraro was always a lady, who deserved the respect she had earned--both as a trailblazer for women and as a person.
Its not really the place, but any moment when I’m eating or when I’m on the phone. The last thing I want is you trying to talk to me while I have a mouthful or food or you being rude and interrupting my conversation with my grandmother. That and if I ever had a male gyno and he tried chatting me up during an exam…that would be awkward.
Since her sister gets rid of her anytime she senses she’s a threat, she does that now that she’s worried about her boyfriend’s interest in her. She tells her that they are forcing a connection where there’s none and that she doesn’t want her in her life. Ouch.
perfect example:
bouncers that scowl and tv presenters
Yet you are there, I see you Lord
I bought the copper & chalcedony bracelet.....
“Ron”: Everyone has their preferences. Some love their iphones, some their androids and some their Blackberrys.
Smell: Kind of a mixture of things since I've been in the kitchen a lot today....sloppy joes, pot of tortellini soup, homemade sauce and meatballs, plus some chocolate trifle (because you can't forget dessert!). Each of these things smell great on their own, but it's an interesting smell when you get them all together! At least dinner's cooked for the next several days!
BS: I is a college student.
4. Get to taping! Record your presentations, then watch your performance to find out where you need improvement.
By Jeffe Kennedy
ch = chain, sc = single crochet, dc = double crochet, hdc = half double,
Price: With most baby items, the initial investment is usually the most expensive. However, hotslings™ are of the highest quality and will last you for years to come!
Review Snippets:
In the grand scheme of things we're this insignificant particle in the firmament. Yet, each of us has a unique personality that allows to achieve feats that, though not great in that grand scheme of things, contribute to our and each other's well-being. Just saying hello with a smile to someone else on the street could make that difference. We're all born with two languages: our mother tongue and a smile; the latter needs no translation.
Level 1: MP Cost: 12, Duration: 66 seconds, ATT: +11.
I aim to treat my children like I would treat guests at a party.
Known scientifically as Gulo gulo, native to boreal forests in northern North America and also northern Europe and northernmost Asia, the wolverine or glutton is the largest living terrestrial member of the mustelid family, growing to the size of a small bear. Moreover, it is infamously ferocious, powerful, intelligent, and tenacious, making it one of the most feared species of mammal throughout its range. Little wonder, then, that in the episode it had been referred to by the native people as a devil.
He assured me that it was to "head off at the pass" everyone asking for every weekend off, etc. Nevermind that nothing of the sort had happened.
Kelsey’s not going to let one mistake ruin her life. Sure, she got kicked out of prep school and all her old friends are shutting her out. But Kelsey’s focused on her future, and she’s determined to get back on track at Concordia High.
accept you
Cotton said she'd take back the questions and suggestions from the meeting and build on them as the process continues.
1- preheat the oven to 325. Butter a 6-by-10 inch baking pan.
From the above you can see that if Verizon ‘gets’ SpectrumCo holdings, they end up with more than twice that of AT&T (and almost twice that of T-Mobile) While 2GHz (AWS) spectrum is good at filling in density, it is NOT as good as 700MHz & 800MHz spectrum for in-building penetration and broad coverage. Take a look at the 700MHz holdings (below from http://www.fiercemobilecontent.com/pages/top-700-mhz-and-aws-license-holders#jump).
Just how many people have passed through this door over the years I wondered? Today I suspect merely those intent of playing the bells that hang high above, certainly not to fix the clock on the side that appears to have been stuck at three minutes past twelve for ten years! Right next to the church is an old school building dating to the 1500's. I wondered why there were names cut into the wood. Graffiti has always been with us. We must let the world know we exist.
The publicity for the event said “His words speak to you. After April 28th, they will speak through you.” This is very true.
462. Lunch @ Brand BBQ Market (Chicago, IL) 12:45 p.m.
Whenever an agent negotiates a book deal with a publisher, a few major issues are negotiated immediately (usually, verbally), such as the advance, royalties, delivery schedule and payout, and major subsidiary rights, like translation and UK rights. (Dozens of smaller issues will also be negotiated later, during the contractual process.) Thus before the contract is even issued and the deal signed, your agent will know whether he or the publisher will be controlling the world rights to your book.
I would just like to say that I tend to act like a brat sometimes…
But overall, I was inspired. I AM INSPIRED!
Just slipping in a sneaky blog here for you all to stand up around the Live Below the Line campaign starting in 2 weeks (May 7-11) – sign up take the challenge, sponsor me or have a conversation about it!
The author also gives a theory about why Gallipoli is so huge in the Australian psyche. His theory is that the young Australia had a reputation as being fun and frivolous. It was kind of like a party-country. Gallipoli was a chance to prove to the world that Australia had moral integrity.
Here are some great quotes on joy. I strive to be the kind of person described in the first quote.
Having completed Operation Rescue Tomato I put them all on the windowsill and Kyle's mush tray on another one. At least my flowery pots still existed.
‘Yep, right next to baby’s room – she can do the grandmother bit in the mornings’
In the genre of fiction called alternate history, authors imagine how major historical events might have unfolded. Regarding the Atlantic Yards project, I’m not going to engage in a speculative narrative, but I will raise some questions. I think the fundamental questions were raised above, but any of the “what if” selections below could have changed aspects of the story and perhaps had a major impact.
Drag: And now you're a successful super hero.
Are you back yet? What did you think? You totally owe me a commentary on this silliness as I have brought a true gem of “OMFG, you cannot be effing serious? Is this girl for real? Is the out of her mind? I am SOOOO glad that wasn’t me.”
It was a case of buyer beware.
I will leave this post up first for some time for the wanderers by to note the Ecwid plug - might help someone at sometime....
However it is not all sweetness and light. I have nothing else to write about, differently abled as I am. So, as I survey* my horribly swollen knee**, here are the things I miss most about Blighty. They are not in order of importance.
Savannah: "that...that.."
There are some days where I don’t want to think about weddings at all……I get a bit burned out from it, and have to give myself a break. Which I think is something vital to the whole planning process. As simple as I want the wedding to be…….there’s still a lot of little details, and when they aren’t organized they have a tendency to creep up and overwhelm the crap out of me.
3. Sandwich with roast beef: ruined the tastes of the roast beef with the overwhelming odd smell and taste. I even tried open faced to cut down on the bread flavor and it still came through.
and “open” routes which were not really clearly marked, could be done using any foot or handholds to provide varying degrees of difficulty, and could range from a V0 to a V15+…?
Take me away
Elvis Costello (born in 25 August 1954) is an British singer-songwriter. Costello has won multiple awards in his career, including a Grammy Award, and has twice been nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Male
Isaiah is starting to look very embarrassed. Clearing his throat, he stares at the ground as he tries to sound nonchalant. “Isaac’s correct. There is a man, woman, little girl…and a poodle. She’s a rather petite, sophisticated female with impeccable manners.”
There was also this cool running dragon. Cool but awkward to run with, right?
Throughout this course, I have learned so much about technology, teaching, and myself as a learner. I cannot believe all of the resources that I now have. This class has given me an exponential amount of tools that I will forever use. There is so much information to take in, but I know it will be put to great use in the future when I am teaching in my own classroom.
*Titus LOVES the park and has recently become an extreme dare devil. He is not afraid to climb up anything! He can crawl all the way up the slide!!! I don't like to take him by myself, because I get too nervous! He needs someone at the top waiting for him! He's also learned how to climb up in my lap if I'm sitting on the couch. Not to cuddle, but to use the couch as a jungle gym. HE LOVES IT!
I've been spending the past couple of days down with my parents and my grandmother, where an unexpected and fascinating journey through the past awaited us.
The following year, Egypt adopted a constitution that instituted a bicameral legislature to which all members of the House of Representatives and three fifths of the Senate would be elected. Fouad retained many powers, which he used frequently to dissolve the parliament. In 1930 he instituted a new constitution that severely limited the parliamentary power, but popular dissatisfaction forced him to restore the 1923 Constitution a year before his death in 1936.
Every single cruiser out here has given up some pretty important things to be cruising. The list is long and different for each one. For us, the main thing we've given up is being with family. I miss spending time with my parents. More importantlly, I want my child to spend as much time with his Grammy, Grandpa, Poppa, Aunt Pat and his aunties, uncles and cousins as possible. There are no guarantees in life, and time is limited. I want them to know him as the fine young man he is becoming. Family is a gift that we have been ignoring for too long. So many of our friends down here are grandparents who are giving up time with their grandkids and I see the pain it causes. It's sad in either direction.
I prefer a good home cooked meal.
Samuel Smith Old Brewery (Tadcaster)
A Jack Daniels and coke
Conrad Williams – Tight Wrappers
A victory for democracy,
For Cartoon Happy Hour, Seattle Dad and I shared a booth with our combined five children. We also shared a pitcher of Mannys Pale Ale and a few laughs over Scooby-Doo. Scooby-dooby-doo! Ruh-roh! Hilarious.
I did nothing today.
Buy One Get One 50% Off All Dresses! Enter coupon code LOVEMOM
2. Have to have reached a certain level of spiritual maturity
By Patrick Baert (AFP)
But then you hear it. That's not Sweetie Pie's voice. That's a woman. In your bedroom. Oh, hell no.
So, research (and a lot of youtube video watching) says that I should:
Gill Millner (Con) 117
of slightly sticky
Schneiderman said in court papers last year that Countrywide failed to transfer complete loan documentation to trusts. BNY Mellon, the trustee for bondholders, misled investors to believe Countrywide had delivered complete files, the attorney general said.
e-merchant is the e-commerce platform and services offer of the Pixmania Group (part of Dixons Retail).
But it’s about more than the logistics of the job market. There’s a reason editing and graphic design work so well together.
At this point the OWS has yet to self-define yet it does not lack a class character. Like any army of resistance assembled or assembling the OWS has to address all the logistical and political tasks and in so doing the inherent logic of democratic decision making and socialized work have emerged as a method which is both organic to the task at hand and familiar when looked at historically through the eyes of workers’ and communal resistance movements. Yet despite attracting many workers, unemployed, youth, homeless and specially oppressed people, despite the presence of many well known socialists, anarchists, and communists on the platform of OWS and even facilitating for OWS many apologists for capitalism and ideologically driven capitalists who have long supported the Democrats have made their way to the platform provided by OWS.
He obviously couldn't swim and was struggling to stay afloat. If he didn't get help he'd surely drown.
Until then... Ta!
And if that is so - does this mean that the job of a head brewer is no longer politically correct? Should all head brewers now feel ashamed about carrying out certain aspects of their vital jobs?
I don’t think doctors often listen to their patients’ suggestions, nor do I think we often give the suggestions. We just get angry and change doctors. That is why I was happy to see that Dr. Carone chose to give this advice to her colleagues.
So very nice lady with the glasses, if by reading my article you have ended up here, then you may remember the strange bloke sitting in front of you staring in your direction like he had just seen a baby elephant hatch out of your head. That was me. I’m so sorry if I freaked you out. I wasn’t trying to sex you up or anything. I was just happy to see what you were reading.
2005- Ray Lewis: Suffered a broken wrist. Lewis, unafraid of anything, curses not excluded, only missed one game. Yet his team missed the playoffs for the first time in 4 seasons and Lewis’s stats were down. The curse refused to lose and Lewis did miss ten games the following season.
Make sure to store all food items in a sturdy container and out of reach of animals. Even while out riding, it is important to safely store your food items in order to help keep animals away from your camp.
A Short Play in One Act
Well, I think we can all raise a glass (or your morning cup of coffee - depending on when you wonder across this posting) to the best laid plans. So . . . I now present . . . but, coming before the thing the it was going to reference . . .
And this is a gutsy comment from a Navy SEAL, who has evidently, had enough of our braggadocios, narcissistic President.
That's what this entry is about. I can tell I've upset some people because I'm pregnant again. Maybe I should be a little more sensitive to those around me, but this is a happy time for me and my family, and most likely our last child. So, we'd like to enjoy it.
Brewery rep John Ennis says they are playing things quietly right now, still awaiting official state and federal licensing. Having already acquired necessary equipment and capital, they plan to be the only microbrewery operating in Galveston County.
Not late in the year there fell one, whose benevolence mingled with sagacity had blessed our land, and who being dead is still remembered by the needy because he cheapened their bread, and broke down the laws which while they might have fattened the rich, certainly impoverished the poor. His sagacity could not spare him, and though he is embalmed in the hearts of thousands, yet to the dust he has returned. Swiftly after him there fell one who ruled a mighty people in the flush of victory, when what threatened to be a disruption and a separation had ended in triumph to one side, and the nation seemed as if it were about to start on a fresh course of prosperity. By the assassin’s hand he fell.
The weekly chart continues to display positive technicals, as well as, the labeling for the bull/bear/bull markets over the past ten years. The RSI continues to hit extremely overbought levels, and the MACD continues to remain generally above neutral. These indicators do just the opposite during bear markets. We also note the economy is expanding, (over 50%), consumer sentiment is still on the bearish side, (under 50%), while investors are generally neutral (just above 50%).
This little reflexology foot massage place is a few blocks from our house. I had passed it several times on errands and took this photo with my phone. I was so excited to see this place, meaning that I didn't need to go to Chinatown for this particular brand of exquisite torture. I have a feeling that reflexology massages like this have some sort of healthy outcome, if not solely for you being super grateful when they are over with. I do want to think that other modalities of health care have merit even if we Westerners don't understand them because we only go to doctors once something is messed up. We don't go to them to prevent illness.
‘‘Initially, people thought it was just another spat,’’ says Smyth, who also hosts a regular radio programme on The Beatles ‘The Beatle Bug’ on 103.2 Dublin City FM, every Thursday along with co-host Mick Francis .
- trusting our spontaneity, entering imagination, the unexpected and interesting.
All I kill anymore are these pains
And the next thing you know we are renovating about a third of our home. And that was before the surprises.
Bill Clinton will be there. So will 300 officeholders from more than 45 states. But one thing will be missing when Democrats gather in Tennessee this weekend to discuss how to appeal to moderate, independent-minded voters in 2008: the Democratic presidential field.
To tell you if you've got something stuck in your teeth or if your fly is open than let you walk around looking like a chump.
me: "no whining about it....we're gonna share and be happy!"
This month Jill and Mel gave us Bo Bunny ranges to work with and I had the absolutely stunning Country Garden . I cannot believe that I cut the butterflies from every sheet of paper to make this layout, which was the first project I made this month - leaving myself without a single whole sheet of paper to finish my DT work with!
Chief characteristic: Define yourself or your writing in 1 word that I can repeat to other people when I talk about you behind your back, ie:
Follow the rythm
Well, its a news that every marriage couple waiting for.
Well, Ann, Betty, Susan, Jane, Randy, Judy or who ever the hell you think you are! I don't think I will be saving many more mystery plants at the local shops. You are all ungrateful not to be more patient with me.
I laughed so hard AFTER I got over my initial scare!! LOL!!
As a homeschooling, single mom, I'm well aware of the challenges on both sides of the spectrum. I completely, 100% get the desire to sign your kid up for every single available activity, just so he'll be out of the house. I need time to work, and it's hard to work with kids underfoot. But I also know that signing the boys up for activities they hate won't help their development one bit. So I refuse to sign the boys up for summer school "just because," even though it's a childcare steal. ($20 for four weeks of five-day a week, 8-12 education/babysitting.)
Now, I’ve become obsessed with looking at people’s feet. Maybe it’s to find someone else’s unsightly toes that could make me feel better about how mine looked that day. Perhaps it’s like going to a friend’s house and sneaking a peek into her messy closet so that you don’t feel so bad about yours. Not that I’ve ever done that.
Tune into Kick-Off on Bush Radio 89.5 FM this Friday between 11 and 12. We’ll be focussing on our goals in life and our special guest Matthew Booth will share with us how he set and achieved his goals.
I giggled and let Nick pull me out of the crowded hallway and into a quieter stairwell. He pointed at the metal stair railing. “Do your best.”
The waves are high and the wind it howls
At about 11pm tonight, we will take a small left turn that should take us right to Kona, Hawaii. We are hoping that everything goes well and that we actually make landfall on Wednesday - YAHOO! Which means Thanksgiving dinner and football in the good ol' USA!
14. Little Drops of Rain (Demo) - Harold Arlen
So my brother and I decided to go get lunch after I was done. I figured I owed it to him to buy him lunch since he took the morning off work (for the second time) to go with me to my appointment. I'm extremely thankful that my brother's boss is understanding and willing to let my brother do these things without much notice. So we went to eat at Chipotle...which was amazing as always. My brother drove me to his work and then I drove to my mom's house across town. I could tell the double dose of zanex was starting to kick in so I needed to go home soon. I live 30 minutes from my mom's house, 50 minutes from my doctor. My mom asked if I wanted to have my stepdad drive me home and have my grandma pick him up. I said no I'm fine. She said do you want grandma to drive you home and have Cliff, her husband, follow you and pick her up. I again said I'm fine to drive. Little did I know, she could tell I wasn't fine, but I honestly thought I was fine. My eyes were barely open and I felt 100% exhausted. I just wanted to get home and go to sleep. So I had a soda (that was unfortunately caffeine free) and some New Kids On The Block that is a high energy CD that I used to keep me awake. I did fine until I made it to Chapman, which is the half-way point to my house. After that I noticed my eyes started to get blurry and a couple times I was driving in the middle of the interstate (yep driving on the dotted white line). I'm surprised other cars didn't call 911 and report me drunk. I successfully made it home alive without killing anyone or myself. I let the dogs out for 5 minutes to potty, and then we went to take a "nap." I slept for 5 hours straight. I woke up at 6:00 pm all confused as to why it was dark outside and why my clock was reading 6 pm. I suppose that's what taking 2 xanex will do to you! All 4 of my dogs slept with me during my nap. My rottweiler laid next to my back, with his back up against mine so none of the dogs could accidentally kick me while we slept. Since I woke up, I've been really sore, lots of pain on my right side (the side of the procedure), and I'm walking extremely slow. I went to Dairy Queen for dinner because I couldn't stand the idea of standing in front of the stove cooking a meal in this kind of pain. So I of course treated myself to a milkshake as well! :) Now that I have taken all my pills and my pain pill, I'm relaxing until I can fall asleep. My dogs are being amazing, they are walking with me anytime I get up and move. They are playing quietly for once and taking turns checking on me or sitting next to me. I don't think I could ask for better caregivers!
3. Then break the bar to HEAR it's SNAP - a dull thud can mean too much fat/cocoa butter
Next time violet potatoes present themselves, I'm trying Apron and Sneaker's salad with tomatoes, pancetta, and blue cheese. But for now, while biding my time for proper fresh tomatoes, this bright salad from the sea is just what the mid-winter blahs needs.
After the base coat of stain was dry I made two more shades of stain. For one I used some black walnut stain and added a little of black paint to it and stirred until the stain turned thick like a gel.
Think: May observances and related words such as Mother’s Day, Mother, May I? (game).
Now, take for example, formerly… You have seen the picture, Kṛṣṇa, Vṛndāvana picture, Kṛṣṇa’s father transferring Kṛṣṇa. They were going on bullock carts, no motorcar. You have seen the picture. So formerly, transport was bullock carts. The cows and the bulls, the bulls were employed for agricultural purpose, for drawing the carts. So there was no necessity of motorcar. Now you have got motor, motor-tractor. You don’t want the bullocks. Therefore kill them. How you can utilize them? Therefore you must have slaughterhouse to kill them. And as soon as you kill them, then you have to eat them. So this is the, I mean to say, entanglement. If you kill, then you become responsible for being killed. The subtle laws…
Only a quarter of the original community came back to live at Putfontein, which had excellent irrigation and boreholes. Now nothing is happening at Putfontein, just subsistence farming and squatting. Some parts of the farm are being hired out to white farmers because the claimants cannot farm. They steal from their neighbours – cattle and grain - which they sell because they cannot make a living on the farm.. There is no electricity, no fencing, and the boreholes are not working. The original Putfontein farm was highly successful, cultivating mealies and peanuts. There was an excellent beef herd with a dairy, plus successful sheep farming. One of the farmers said he spent a lifetime and thousands of rands nourishing the soil on his farm, On his particular 372 ha farm (there were seven farms on the original Putfontein), only six people are now living. The rest stayed in their old homes.
(due to stylistic perfection I wanted to add „followers“ but Mommy said I’m not permitted, after all you’re her followers and not mine)
His final time was excellent – a personal best, 6:16.28.
This malicious virus program is known as the Stuxnet Virus. The first ever variant of this program was first brought to public attention back in 2009, but it was not until the June of 2010 that the first working prototype was released of this virus. The main purpose os the program is to search for proper systems that were installed in computers, and then cause damage to them. In the starting, this virus was mainly created in order to deal harm to the products and internet products that are designed to Siemens themselves.
its amazing to say that no matter what it looks like there world is possible in hope and through faith
Story of my life.... You'd think I'd learn from mistakes, no, not me, that ship has sailed long past and I sit and wallow in sympathy (or at least hope I get some sympathy). I panic and turn to the husband who decides to console me by saying I take too much unnecessary pressure, its only a bunch of friends, you don't even need to make starters, why are you overdoing it, no one will eat so much so on and so forth...not what you want to hear when you have guests coming in any time, a messy (open) kitchen, at least two dishes on the hob (bubbling away) and a human version of an exploded volcano- that's me btw (forgive the pun).
Everyone knows about us
But, the kids and husband and I have been doing more together, some games and movie watching. 2010 sucks as far as finances, relying on vehicals and my job just not being what i would like, but, at least my children are happy and healthy, my animals are happy and healthy and we aren't homeless....always have to look on the bright side!
But you realize that the complexity of the local architecture, especially in the markets and casbahs – which any labyrinth aficionado would fall in love with right away (I fell in love right away) – is not only a kind of terrestrial tactic, i.e. keeping small pieces of the planet (sand) out of the inner rooms, it's also a philosophical response to the utterly gigantic north African landscapes collapsing all over themselves, ground down to sandy fissures in the distance: you want to control space, and limit the perimeter. Keep the walls close.
- You must be a follower of Couture and Crayons.
“You cannot discover new oceans unless you have the courage to lose sight of shore.” Admiral Rickover
It is time to cry “WOLF!” again.
Well there it is we validated a modern day social discovery using a social networking system, two cups of coffee and your help…
shortened strands practically undo themselves. i tried to show in the
Your Earthliving Weapon is also an important buff, but with a 30 minute duration and no way to be knocked off you in standard combat, it not something I consider part of a Shaman’s rotation. I simply make sure to cast it and my shields at the start of a fight.
In Our Homeschool This Week: We had a great week! On Wednesday we took some time after our lessons to read Dr. Seuss books. We had so much fun. We then picked out favorite book, Green Eggs and Ham, and dis an art project about our favorite part of the story. Doing this activity with the kids made me realize the importance of having time away from the textbooks to have fun and relax together.
Go to the spot where DBC filmed his Dec. 2011 monthly message. Look for the son of our prez, who will give you the next clue. #TH3
Had the circumstances been different (if I were travelling faster/not wearing a helmet/ the car behind me hadn’t been able to stop), I could be a gonner. If that driver had killed me, after deliberately braking to “try to scare me” or whatever his intentions- then yes, I’d class that as possibly murder- and manslaughter at the very least. As it was, I was badly bruised, shaken up and had sprained my shoulder- which puts me in the “lucky” catagory.
One little girl had done her bit and given all the neighbors in her apartment building the note that explained the project and that she’d be coming by. She happens to live in public housing.
But she did not tell me what do to when somebody just slips away
Cut a piece of sturdy no-stretch string about 1 inch shorter (for really big buttons, maybe 2” shorter) than the proposed button band. Determine desired number of buttons, then subtract 1 from that number and fold the string into that number of sections. Example: for 5 total buttons, 5-1=4, so fold the string into 4 equal sections. Mark each of the three resulting folds with a pin. Straighten the string. The top and bottom button are to be centered on the very ends of the string, and the intervening three buttons are to be centered on each pin in the string segment. Measure each string segment to figure out how many inches of band to allow between the holes. If using vertical buttonholes, remember that the pin shows the buttonhole center, not bottom so start the actual buttonhole accordingly.
Benefits: High in Omega 3 and fiber (great to fight against Diabetes), reduce LDL (bad Cholestrol), fights Cancer, Other- Aids in Constipation, Inflammation, Menopause, heart disease, boost the immune system and your mood!
Due to a series of events Phil and I have found our foundation damaged. Trust and faith have lessened and we have gotten wet from the rain and standing waters that have risen. We tried to make repairs but have given into the fact that we need the help. A close mate of our is helping to carry the load at times and assist with repairs for both of us. Three sets of footprints have become 2 at times. Whether it’s the guys walking and carrying the load for me or we are carrying the load for Phil. His footprints will forever be a part of our lives.
pieced kona solid in Snow
Hacked: Climate Research Unit (CRU) at University of East Anglia in Britain
have a torn retina and have a lazer
I am definitely a teur!
But come on let’s think of saving our asses
Every woman should understand, and know how to perform, every duty of cooking or cleaning, mending or making, proper to a house; and a regular, practical course of training under her mother's eye might well occupy an hour or two of the girl's morning. May I suggest the great use and value of a household book, in which the young housekeeper notes down exactly how to do everything, from the scouring of a floor to the making of an omelet, either as she has done it herself, or has watched it being done, with the little special wrinkles that every household gathers.
I’ll never forget it.
and now again -
Me: What do you hope others feel from your pieces?
Cordless Nailers Shop Includes 18 Gauge 2-1/8-in Oil-Free Brad Nailer – ZRR213BNA, 1,000 Brads, Eye Protection, (2) Wrenches, (2) No-Mar Pads, Case, Brand RidgidPowerful oil-less motor ? eliminates daily oiling and oil splattering on work surfacesDry-fire lockout feature ? extends motor life and prevents missing nails2 No-mar pads ? to keep work surface clean of tool marksTool-free jam release ? for easy jam clearingTool-free adjustable exhaust with muffler ? direct the exhaust where you want it
Omer Arbel - I think that despite the great success of the industrial design projects, I am still at heart an architect. I love construction, I love building.
Growing and Going…
It seems too that Santa hands out awards for favourite blogs. Now, I don't know if my blog is a favourite of yours but if it is, perhaps you'd like to get together with Santa and vote for me HERE
Book on Chest
K Cafe
Already Cigarette firms are rallying together to create a campaign to defend their right to brand their products and indvidualise marketing from competitors.
30. Hurt So Bad—Lettermen
Irony again you monkey, sarcasm, do you have any idea what I'm saying, do you know what I fucking mean.
By his own admission he has held more jobs within this iconic Australia brewing company than he can fit on a wallet full of business cards including various brewing appointments and product development roles which has led him to his current desk in charge of ... new projects? Property management? Chief overseer of pretty much anything to with the smooth running of the place?
Did we but pay the love we owe,
Penne alla Puttanesca
Markers: Stampin' Up! Green Galore; Copic Sketch r20 Blush
Ishcandar didn’t waste any time, but turned and bolted up the stairs. The creature, whatever it was, suddenly bellowed loudly and lumbered across the chamber after him. Up the first flight dashed the Hobbit. The creature pursued and was gaining on him rapidly. At that moment from the middle of the second flight of stairs, Ishcandar pulled out his jar of 'Sticky Oil' he had picked up in Hagen’s supply depot at the Rat’s Den. He tossed it onto the stairs below. The bottle shattered and the thick blue-black ooze spread over the stones. When the creature put his foot on the black slick it stuck fast. He could neither extract it nor slide across it. The monster struggled mightily, pulling at his leg to try to free it. Ishcandar then politely took the torch from Lido’s hand and tossed it lightly onto the black pitch. It immediately burst into flames.
"I rarely hang photographs that I have made on the walls of my home. After seeing this image printed at 42 inches, I found it virtually hung itself! I could not resist. Photographer friends that visit find it hard to believe it was made with a 35mm camera. It has the look of a print made from a large format camera. I now wonder what is left in the advance of camera technology."
– Paul William Roberts, In Search of the Birth of Jesus-The Real Journey of the Magi (New York: Riverhead Books, 1995) 278.
Films – 4 (68)
The fact that the Coast Guard is assisting BP in blocking the public’s right to know is particularly worrisome. Using Nigeria as a model, in the Niger Delta we have seen repeatedly the Nigerian government and the oil companies pointing at each other and saying we can’t do anything, our hands are tied, they are the only ones with the authority/ability/responsibility to act. Anyone who tries to observe or investigate is subjected to arrest or worse. And nothing gets done for environmental protection or infrastructure development. In fact we can look at the Niger Delta to see the environmental effects when enormous amounts of oil are spilled on coastal wetlands.
The new Chief of the Armed forces, General Sir David Richards, launched a support network for Muslims in the armed forces The Armed Forces Muslim Association. He said it “reflects the growing numbers, importance and relevance of their service and superb contribution they are making to the armed forces in the UK.” It will help “forge closer relationships with Islamic communities across the UK.” How many al-Qaeda supporters are in the British military?
I used her "Popcorn" in my master bath,
Go out for a meal at our
-You have never had a 'wet only' diaper.... there is ALWAYS more then just a little pee pee
So what is our plan?
As for me, I was put thru a mock execution because I would not respond. Pistol whipped on the head….same event. Couple of days later hung by my feet all day. I escaped and a couple of weeks later, I got shot and recaptured. Being shot was OK…what happened afterwards was not.
The Israeli government does not admit to having nuclear weapons, saying only that it will not be the first to use them in the region. Reports from foreign sources put the size of the Israeli nuclear arsenal from around 50 to more than 200 weapons.
But neither her or any of the others are as awful as Tommy, the group’s requisite jerk, who goes above and beyond the “requirements” of such roles – William Zabka would probably be disgusted with this asshole’s behavior. He inexplicably gets angry when the group asks him about a missing member (who left and TOLD HIM to tell the others where she was going), plays prank after prank, takes a photo of himself and another girl on purpose after being informed that the camera was “bad”, etc. Naturally he’s one of the last to die, so we have to suffer through his shit for most of the movie.
Finally, everyone, regardless of their hearing ability, should practice common sense behaviors such as dressing well, researching the company, and rehearsing interview responses. By putting these tips into practice, you’ll have a better chance of landing that dream job. If you would like more information on how you can save money on hearing care procedures then visit American Health Advantage and sign up for a hearing care plan.
A year ago, he was flying over to Europe to give speeches and accept a Nobel Prize. Today he is sulking in his tent and lashing out at critics both left and right. He even claims that he is the victim of a "hostage" situation. He is upset that the Republicans seem to have hijacked the bus carrying the clear majority of the American people and are using that to make outrageous demands. Pobre hombre! It seems that he has come face-to-face with the realization that he really doesn't know what he's supposed to be doing as the leader of the United States and the free world.
I ain't having any reports of great events I've been to nor anything similar.
"Rick! Good line!" I exclaimed, trying to laugh and breath at the same time. I opened the passenger door and hopped in as Rick did a u-turn and headed back the way he came, towards the ocean.
No one likes to be reminded of the past but when it keeps coming up, we are pushed to learn new responses as we search for more peace and positivity in our lives. The past is not dead—it’s not even past. -William Faulkner Different kinds of abandonment For people who have been abandoned, either literally by actual physical absence, or emotionally—a parent can be in the home and not there for us—the abandoned child syndrome may remain years later, showing up through insecurities and fears, clinging behaviors or its opposite—walls to intimacy. The abandoned child inside the adult can create havoc such as alcohol abuse, repeating their own abandonment by abandoning children, or refusal to have children out of fear of repetition. Depression, lack of energy and creativity, anger, and trying to fill up the emptiness may be manifestations of these issues.
The Times Square penthouse party was within view of the madness of Times Square on NYE, and within a stone’s throw of the ball-dropping. The party had a Chinese theme, and the female characters, the antique expert and the archeology-loving dilettante, stayed near the displayed ancient urn and acted as both custodians for it and information dispensers. As a band played and the large, eclectic crowd (sort of reflected in the character make up; Chinese food service people, business people, academics, entertainment folk, Bohemians, dilettantes, etc) in the party danced, ate, drank (those wacky Bohemians hissing like vipers as they smoked reefer by the fireplace) and had a good time.
Thursday - Orange and Rosemary Pork Tenderloin, mashed potatoes, broccoli: I've been thinking about this pork dish since the last time I made it. Yum!
Ian Ashmore, Head of Environmental Regulation at Sheffield City Council said: “The illegal tobacco trade has a huge effect on our community. The criminals involved are not concerned who they sell to and often supply to children and young people. We have active and effective teams of officers operating across the city to stamp out this criminal activity and seek to prosecute those responsible.”
dipping sauce
I hyperventilated over allergies, the early months were rife with visits to the vet, ‘dog food’ had to be cooked, dog poo disposed, and there was the ever-paralyzing fear ‘what if my helper abandons me, how will I cope ?”
Mark Hulbert wrote an interesting article earlier in the week in Barron’s: “Is the Bull Market Over?“. He looks at the behavior of the sentiment surveys mentioned here (Investors Intelligence, Hulbert Newsletter Sentiment, and AAII) and compares their pattern at major market tops.
WHISKERS: With Rust cut 6 strands of yarn 5 inches in length. Using 1 strand, double in half and knot through one st in 1st row on edge of Mouth, * skip 2 rows and knot another strand in same manner, repeat from * once. Knot 3 more strands in same manner on opposite side of Mouth.
Our problem is the cost of operation. The year 2010, they spent 40.6% in staff benefit over the $720.880 million revenue. Taking that if an average driver of the 6000 drivers get paid $2500, it amount to only 24%, Let say the support staff like mantainance stands at 1: 17 , equate to 6%, thus add up to 30%, so you pay 10.6% for the rest of staff, which is 76 mil? . I had run a half a billion business before, and if the management staff operating cost exceeds 2%, I need a basket to catch my falling head.
I'm looking forward to seeing what everyone is doing for April. I know the theme is snowflakes, but I'm a bit stumped. Maybe I'll make a decision this weekend.
Better to skip fast food altogether.
you are a businessman, you are the light of your industry. If you are a
My name is Kate, Captain to most. I’m a photographer. I don’t know if you know, but photographers have a certain level of twistedness coupled with a sense of adventure. My sense of adventure is endless, but contained. Everyone has a story to tell and whether they’re little or small, I hope I can drive you, my dear reader, towards your own adventures
And sink into its own delight at last.
A different matter is the transfers of files from the card to the pc, it's not the same to transfer 8 gb from a class 2 card or from a class 10 card, you should consider that this process could last even four times more with a lower class card.
Pasta with fresh veggies, a crunchy green salad, and a cupcake from Magnolia Bakery (in NY) — served at home in Key West under a starry sky, with my husband George for company, and Ella playing in the background.
Also, I’m almost envious of people to be able to believe in something so strongly, even without any evidence of any kind. I have a hard time believing that strongly in anything (that’s my burden to bear); so I respect believing in anything so strongly, but especially in something which cannot be seen or proven. But I think that’s exactly why the belief is so strong and so easy to remain steadfast. Because no one can ask God why something happened, it is always assumed that the purpose is beyond our belief. And that comforting in a way. A baby dies, it was in his plan. A child is born, it was in his plan. A mother is killed saving her child, it was in his plan. A mother saves her child and they’re both safe, it was in his plan. No matter what happens, there was some reason, but it’s beyond our comprehension. I’m not saying this to mock religion; I’m honestly saying this as an attempt at understanding the appeal.
easily entertained
It was the perfect plan, I thought, as I went out to my car, carefully hanging my outfit in the back of the car.
** Blog photo of Baby Shower Gift Bags - March 2012
I have very little time for fan bigotry - of whatever kind. There is a lot wrong with football, from vicious abuse, to the preposterous amounts of money the players earn. And for the record, I did not like football much when I was at school. I associated it with boys I hated and a city I didn't feel any affinity with. Although I would have dearly loved to show them up on the pitch, the truth was, I simply wasn't good enough. I was OK. I was a lot better than they probably thought I was.
To: dickpuddlecote@live.co.uk
Grease a sprung tin (mine is a 23cm tin)
Kevin gagged with fear, his heart pounding in his throat. The girl was close enough for him to see her pale face, her wide, searching eyes. She was blaming him. Her arms reached out towards him. She wanted to punish him, to drag him under . . .
To this add: 2 cups of Rice Krispies and 2 cups salted and roasted peanuts.
And then, added Irshad: I was stunned…your message took me back into the 60s, to beautiful days of our meetings at Delhi Coffee House …. Those meetings played a very important role in my life,….am thankful to my Coffee House friends. Their critique helped me become a Pantomime. You, RG Anand and Balraj Komal were my main critical guides. M S Mudder who put me on stage on and on (with whom I’m still in contact) and O P Kohli (died decades ago) who used to do the lights for me…Two years back, moderator of German TV show ‘Weltspiegel’ (World mirror) Navina Sudarum, niece of painter Amrita Sher-Gil, sent me the newspaper cutting relating to Dr.Charles Fabri (The Statesman dance critic), who loved and encouraged me as you also know. It was a lovely and very important time for us all, that we can never forget.
Happy birthday, my boy.
And the more loitering are turned 25
He took her to the manager's office and told her that if he reported her to police it could ruin her life, but if she offered him sex he would not report her.
-added ribbon to bedskirt
Based upon our review of OCE reports, we expect two or three new OCE referrals for prosecution to the House Ethics Committee to break around May 17 and June 11, respectively.
A psychiatric patient died on Wednesday due to a lack of medical care, bringing the death total in the Eastern Cape to five, the provincial health department said.
But the other half of the excitement is – of course – to write myself. I do love to write, especially about things which interest me, which probably is evident from this blog. But sometimes I wonder whether people really find interest in what I write about, of course, every writer is a critic of him or herself, no wonder there. I don’t know if I would continue writing, if I didn’t get positive feedback. Or feedback at all. But I do. Most often I can see that there have been people visiting my blog, but whether they liked it is not always obvious. It is more obvious when they choose to follow my blog, which really is a positive feedback in my eyes, or when they like the post. That is much appreciated from me, thank you:o). But this week I have twice experienced to have my posts reblogged, and that’s really something I appreciate deeply. That might be the highest level of positive feedback I can get, that people actually want to share something I’ve written with their own readers.
Didn’t seek it, didn’t choose it. But it’s up to me to use it.
Anyway, here is the Big V working us over:
I'm not here to question the believabilty of the film. You all should know I don't care about that crap. If they had done this or that like a person in real life would do, then this movie would have no reason to exist...which might have been a good idea. But I am entitled to question some of the characters behavior. OK, so initially they park a good 50 feet away from the ATM, and this is done because the good friend is deliberately being a jerk to the 'bad' friend because he is ruining a potentially fun evening with his lady friend. I get that part, but the good friend is forced to go in the ATM, why doesn't he just pull right up to the front of the kiosk so that HE doesn't have to walk through the cold? He leaves his lady friend that far away in a dark parking lot? Then SHE gets out and still doesn't move the car, even though the keys are right there. This would not have altereed the course of the movie that much...I don't know, it just bothered me.
So Molson Coors are producing a girlie beer. They clearly didn't read what I had to say here. Seriously if you want to patronise your potential customers there must be cheaper ways of doing it rather than produce a shit, tasteless C**ling wannabe.
4. X-Men: First Class – Okay, so first off you have the X-Men who I have always loved. Then you put them in a movie that has the feel of a 1960s James Bond movie? We got a winner! Directed by the guy behind Stardust and Kick-Ass? YES! After the awful misfired of X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, this is exactly the fresh start the series needed. The film is well-cast and the key characters are well-developed (though some suffer from being mostly background characters). This movie proves that the superhero comic book adaptation genre has more versatility than previously thought.
Comparatively, her little five year-old son, Nauman, can be said to be lucky that he’s 5,300km (3,300mi) away from his father and in the safe, loving care of an Italian family in Rome.
So please, like I said, hang tight. Another Mission is around the corner, and frankly? You're stories...you're children are my inspiration to work that much harder to make this group grow into something bigger, something better...so that we can serve more people in this community. Thank you so much for sharing them with everyone.
Cover & Title: ”Crossed” could have several connotations based on the contents of the novel. I love the set of the three covers as a whole. The cover for Matched is stunning and attracted me to the book in the first place. The significance of green, blue, and red is also very important. I have no clue why they chose that particular pose for the model on the cover of Crossed, though. It looks like something out of an extremely unnatural yoga session…
Malaysia paid RM6.7 billion in 2009 for the two submarines of which RM574 million was earmarked for co-ordination and support services for Perimekar Sdn Bhd, owned by Abdul Razak, a close associate of Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak.
“I’ve got to find his perfect will for my life,” “I just need to get a better prayer life,” “I really should read the Bible more,” “I’ve got to tell more people about Jesus,” “God really wants to teach me patience,” “God’s really been convicting me of this lately,” “I need to be more selfless,” “I need to surrender more to Jesus” “God is calling me to do this” “I really need to stop loving this or that more than Jesus”
1 John 5:1-5 Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ has become a child of God. And everyone who loves the Father loves his children, too. We know we love God’s children if we love God and obey his commandments. Loving God means keeping his commandments, and his commandments are not burdensome. For every child of God defeats this evil world, and we achieve this victory through our faith. And who can win this battle against the world? Only those who believe that Jesus is the Son of God.
But wouldn't you know, as I was I checking my Etsy stats this morning, I saw a big spike in traffic, and sure enough the source was from the one and only Huffington Post. #O.M.G.
Had a great night hunting down Globs in Sagittarius. For the first time since my return, I rolled my scope out of my garage under a moonless sky. It’s amazing how much even a few lights can spoil the night, but I can’t complain. From my neighborhood on the outskirts of a town of over 11,000 people, I can easily see the Milky Way spreading across the sky.
3) Do We Have to Forgive Chris Brown? Something is very, very wrong when a story about Jesus protecting a woman from male violence is being used to protect a violent man from feminist criticism.
3) Went onto the Derry Apprentice Boys outside the Black Bull. Asked if I could take a few pics for myself as well as a client(business). Couldn't have been nicer! Great guys/girls and many from the local area as well as N/Ireland.
Among the thirty-six cribs, Ayshe found 6 year old Gursel tied up with hands blue from lack of circulation. She looked into his eyes. One eye was half-closed and glazed over. She smiled anyway and reading his name from the paper pasted above his bed, she addressed him. He blinked and turned his head to focus with his other eye. His skin was bluish and body little more than a skeleton.
It had been a day of telling people where to go and suggest what to do when they got there. Nothing horrifically remarkable. No new tales to tell. But there was garbage to empty and warped closet door of which to argue with. It was after said argument I found myself turning into familiar rockabilly gait from a particular punk-rocker I once saw dancing in a vampire den.
in my art,
He looked at me and said,”you’re kidding! “
I need more sleep. I need more days. I need more height.
LERSN Blog (lersnblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
poke
There’s no resource gathering, Mako or Hammerhead. You can still scan systems and EDI will inform you if she has found something of interest. These can either be war assets, side quest items, credits or fuel. When you are scanning it alert nearby Reapers who eventually will chase you. If need to exit the system to avoid them or risk a game over which only brings you back to the moment you entered that very system.
Chili Mac Dogs
The lyrics “Ya’ll gonna make me lose my mind, up in here, up in here” come to mind when I think of the old fart, windbag, homework machine. Walter told us today she is making him do his homework during recess while the other kids play. He’s started telling us he hates school and acting up before bed and before leaving in the morning. This teacher is literally undoing progress that we have made.
10)I have a VERY dry sense of humor.
Combine the mayonnaise and pesto in a small bowl. Spread 2 TBS of the mixture onto each ciabatta half. Place onto a baking sheet. Pop under the grill for a vew minutes until the pesto mayo is bubbling. Remove from the oven and then layer each slice with one piece of ham and half of the asparagus. Place two slices of tomato on top of each. Sprinkle each with 1 TBS of each of the cheeses and season with a grating of black pepper.
Cob:
Back to the office after all that mess to continue work on fat fucking federal grant #2, which has come together nicely in the past week. (Knock wood). At this point, I'm just waiting on some materials that have to be provided by other agencies and added in, but I will be damned glad when I can hit that electronic "Submit" button and be done with it all. I managed to dash off 2 small proposals this week; writing a few 4-pagers seemed like a blessed relief after my 2 80-page monsters.
If you do not use language you are used by it. If you not recognise the terms peacekeeper missile and preemptory strike for oxymorons, your hole has already been dug.
At the Accessibility Institute, Dr. Slatin built a staff of researchers and graduate students who integrated technology, accessibility, and learning for everyone through research, education, advocacy, consulting, training, and service to the campus community and state agencies struggling to comply with accessibility requirements mandated by the Texas legislature. UT’s example of incorporating accessibility into all educational research and development was one that is upheld as a standard all over the nation and the world. The World Wide Web Consortium invited Dr. Slatin to co-chair its Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Working Group, a position he held in 2005 and 2006.
The guy replies, "I'm Joe Cohen, taxi-driver, of New York City."
‘You know we travelled all around the sun,
Content label the containers once you seal them. Provide detailed labeling. Mention about the content inside. The actual boxes containing delicate products must be marked all sides. Create the saying Delicate Products upon every side of the boxes and on the very best.
“Valley Of The Kings”
Here’s a highlight of what I was offered (my current players listed first)…
When I walk by somebody and smell this on their clothes, my immediate thought is, "Their Mama (or wife) loves them." Its just that little extra step. I use it religiously when I do laundry. It is one of my favorite things...EVER. It is on the list right under God, Family, and my camera (which is technically my 3rd child). I am really a dork when it comes to fabric softener....or just laundry in general. When I open the dryer and notice someone left hang up clothes in there, I go all
Certainly couldn't deny it by her figure but those big eyes, the attitude that anything wearing pants is worth fawning over and her breathless declarations of adoration in that cooing Hungarian quaver as she marvels at how strong men are, how smart they are, how dominant they are, how nice they kiss...no wonder everyone was so shocked when Laura Petrie wore Capri slacks.
Kurt of OPE
I am really enjoying making St. Patrick's Day decorations this year! I came up with this one while babysitting this adorable girl who is obsessed with making paper snowflakes (even though it's March). I decided to try something different and poof, I made a shamrock!
i(hips)
87 876 8765.....8765432
12/13 Dallas, TX The Max
A copy of Grosvenor House Publishing’s non-exclusive contract is available and can be downloaded from their website.
The stuff about writer’s block starts at 5:34:
Idowu also stated that investigations with AGIS and Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) revealed that Altine and Iro benefitted from the ‘irregular allocations’ alongside Systems Property Development Company (SPDC).
And then we went to Hastings. The place was crammed full of youngsters who had painted themselves green. Some were playing snare drums, some were throwing shoes. We didn't know what the significance of all this was, so we went in search of a fish'n'chip restaurant. The one we encountered served re-fried chips and I ate every one of them.
That’s it all over – all those months of training and 26.2 miles around London all done. For charity, for fun, for your own PB, just to say you’ve done it or for a million other great reasons. 5 days on from the big event, the aches and pains just about gone, walking normally, going down stairs freely and back maybe doing a few easy runs!
I like the fact that this dress can be adjusted to different apparent lengths simply by scrunching up or pulling down the stretchy lining, since that opaque line is visible through the sheer layer. Here I wore it at hip length to create a longer leg line; I find that for me the upper hip tends to be a flattering spot for tops to sit. The hem of the lining can actually reach nearly to the bottom of the sheer upper layer (on the short side anyway), and if I were going to wear it that low I would probably pair it with a higher heel.
It was just about this time that the idea of reforming the healthcare system came to the forefront. For the next several months congress fought this issue back and forth, with the Republicans adding little to no actual policy suggestions, but instead repeating the message that the whole bill should be scrapped and the process started anew (euphemism for “kill the bill”). Republicans did not want healthcare reform; both because they thought jobs and the economy should be the number one focus of congress, and also because they – like Democrats in congress – had insurance and prescription drug lobbyists breathing down their necks, and stuffing money in their drawers. So the president did what he could to remain above the fray, while reasserting to both Democrats and Republicans alike, that this was going to be the most comprehensive healthcare reform in the last 50 years, and that they needed to figure out how to bolster care, provide options, and reduce costs. Republicans wanted nothing to do with this, so Democrats were left to fight this battle out themselves and suffered devastating scars from the battle.
and presses her face ever so gently into the side of his jaw.
4. Fold each piece alternating between mountain and valley folds. (You should have 4 mountains and 4 valleys.)
But what is the word used in verse 12? The NKJV above says “test.” The KJV says “prove.” Young’s Literal Translation says “try.” This does not suggest that Daniel and co were on a short-term mission to get a leg up the ladder over the other selected young men who were also being groomed for high office. This suggests that Daniel and co took a good look at the royal haute cuisine and asked for the opportunity to have a test period on a radically different diet – a vegetarian one.
No one knows what will happen, but let's say Pakatan leaders decide to react to an election with clear signs of fraudulence by taking to the streets, bringing as many of the rakyat with them as they can.
6 For the Lord had made the host of the Syrians to hear a noise of chariots, and a noise of horses, even the noise of a great host: and they said one to another, Lo, the king of Israel hath hired against us the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of the Egyptians, to come upon us.
First up…school supply lists. I’m curious. What do you ask for on your school supply list OR do you even do school supply lists? I have done school supply lists since I began except 1 year (last year) the school district decided to provide school supplies for all students. (Like as in a generic list for each grade across all schools). It was a HOT MESS and I am so glad they let us go back to asking for our own supplies.
Guns n’ Roses November rain US
Take A Trip With Us Into The Future Of Complications : The Watch Lounge: "Before talking about the future of complications, Stéphane Belmont, Head of product development at Jaeger-LeCoultre, introduces an interesting distinction: “We can speak of two types of complications. One type is inherent to watchmaking art, those are classical complications that we will continue to interpret in our own way."
“Many of these people aren’t used to nature,” said Kari Cobb, a Yosemite park ranger. “They don’t fully understand it. We’ve got more than 800 trails and 3,000-foot cliffs in this park. You can’t put guardrails around the whole thing.”
Driver- “Hey Skeeter.”
Now I am not going to claim knowledge or understanding of the mythology, hermeticism and western mystical traditions which theme or inspire the music on Half Blood and it is not important as the music finds and gives its own meaning as it engages mentally and emotionally. Half Blood is in the words of Miller “a meditation on hybridity, impurity and evolution”, and that second word is the key, meditation. Throughout its movements of dark and light, with intrusive and caressing opposites side by side, the whole experience is meditative. At times the music scrapes the senses and in others it leads them through a caustic dark into enveloping acidic warmth, but it is never less than mesmeric of hypnotic.
“The maker was Optus or, in the alternative, it was Optus and the subscriber. It is unnecessary for present purposes to express a definitive view as between the two. Optus could be said to be the maker in that the service it offered to, and did, supply a subscriber was to make and to make available to that person a recording of the football match he or she selected.”
In the cases of the Jia films, perhaps familiarity played a part in my more enthusiastic second reactions to those two. Issues that might have bugged me the first time—the off-putting emotional detachment of Platform, the world-as-theme-park metaphor dwarfing human drama in The World—either bothered me less or fell completely apart.
Now his mind travels back to the only time he has ever been unfaithful to his wife and he says, ‘Are you the stripper from the bachelor party that I made love to on the pool table with all my buddies watching while your partner whipped my butt with wet celery?’
1/2 bag frozen diced onions
Hello and welcome to day 13 of our new Digi Image Reveal.Its the last day - we hope you have all enjoyed our new release .
I have had the rare opportunity to spend almost the entire weekend in my crafting studio - Yay! This has resulted in 3 birthday cards, 1 graduate card and a page set for a mini-album I am working on. Normally I would not post so much stuff in one day but I want to put some of these in challenges soooo here are my first two cards.
YEAR:1991
Thursday - 4 - 5 mile hill run on treadmill (9pm)
I'm a big rock star. My sales have tanked, but I still got you. Thanks! Download this. Sounds like shit.
The film tells the heroic story of a dictator who risked his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed.
Empires of Industry: Brewed in America. There is good and bad in this one. It traces of the history or beer to what it has become today. The bad it that it became Anheuser Busch. It was informative and enjoyable. However, it was a reminder of what beer has become in America. Decide for yourself. Grade - 3 Burps.
After reading the terrible news about the same-sex marriage ban in North Carolina, I was deflated and saddened that religion can't seem to stay out of our politics. It left me frustrated. So when I heard the news today that Obama has finally come forward and has shown his support for marriage equality, I was jumping for joy. Literally. Some say it's just a political move, but I don't believe it. It would have been safer for him not to endorse gay marriage, especially with an election coming up. So Bravo, Mr. President!
She found a culture alien to her sense of self. In contrast to the girls at the school, she says, "I didn’t want to wear their clothes nor did I go along with their makeup stuff. I didn’t want to be the same as them. I felt pretty lonely there."
Church 3 we visited once last week. The church is huge, they only have one worship service on Sunday morning (if you don't count the one for those who work in childcare etc while the service is happening), but it is also the largest of the actual church buildings. This church had a million dollar surplus in their budget last year. They put it towards paying off the buildings they built recently. My husband made the comment that he could not see a younger grouping of adults in the whole church it was a sea of blue hairs. He was also overwhelmed by the size.
