If you’re not one of those 63 people I’m going to take a wild stab and say you’re probably in agreement with me for the most part, and it is to you I am appealing to with this blog post. I need help. I’m asking for you to please help me. I know what’s happening isn’t right, you know what’s happening isn’t right so I’m asking you to help me fight this. Please!
The Emanation Pale Ale cuts the mustard as a mid strength (4.5%) session beer that is full of crisp, fruity hops, sweet maltiness and lingering dry bitterness that really was rather nice and very moreish. I would say that it's more a bitter than a pale ale but that doesn't really matter. It is still a lovely beer, whatever you call it.
He would his deeds forget.
The concept is about a fluid 'fantasy'-like dining experience, allowing guests to move through uniquely designed spaces that are true visual treats, while tasting traditional and ultra-modern, innovative tapas (small plates allow for a wider range of samplings!) coupled with cocktails that can be theatrical productions in themselves, with dramatic use of liquid nitrogen and other molecular gastronomy wizardry from a cart wheeled tableside - and desserts again both traditional and those with interpretations all their own. And for those so inclined, add the ability to peruse the eclectic retail displays curated by Moss, integrated into the mix.
Here are a few tips on ordering anything for your wedding on-line.
Zoe Sakoutis and Erica Huss are the founders of the BluePrintCleanse. Sakoutis is a certified nutritional consultant and Huss is a certified yoga instructor, former model, and food industry public relations professional.
* Update spending spreadsheet to see how much we have to spend this month
Actually, i don’t like the cold at all its true!
– The Dark Side Of The Moon, LPCM Stereo mix (as disc 1)
In 2011, of all Quadrus Group of Funds:
The second job that I've had that didn't felt like work was tending bar in San Francisco. I was blessed enough to have been involved with Bar Drake from its very first day in the Sir Francis Drake hotel, and discovered, with the help of the fabulous Diana Brent, that I had a taste for mad sciencery, patient conversation, and rhythm of tending bar. And you better believe if somebody doesn't tell their problems to their parents, lover, soul mate or dog, they'll tell their bartender. And being there for stranger when they need to say something to somebody, anybody - it's a blessed feeling.
You do not have to be 120 pound 5 foot 9 blonde to be beautiful. Take for instance, British TV. Have you watched it lately? My husband is from Wales and we lived there for a while. I was shocked at how plain and ordinary people looked on their programs. Ridiculous right? But in the USA we plaster it on for the camera. Who set the norm and why did we let them without putting up a fight!
Publisher- The Writer's Coffee Shop Publishing House
I then chopped the onion, green pepper, and eventually the cilantro. (I bought cilantro for dinner the other night. I inevitably always have WAY too much cilantro and it goes to waste. I thought this was the perfect way to use some more of it up.)
Hidden depths to uncover
~SO~
Dr. Kevin M. Drury A Hisstorymaker
80,000 people! WOW! Hyde park wasn’t there…just a sea of people! I found my start group and milled about. Now what is it about the start of a race? No matter how you try hydrate yourself and make appropriate use the toilet…at between 5 and 10 minutes before the race you I always need to wee. 80,000 people and few dozen porta-loos… you do the maths…I held it.
Hate to get rid of your old Nintendo games? Your old system bite the big one long ago? Still love playing the games but never get the chance to? Game Theory Admiral to the rescue! Just follow the instructions in the easy-to-follow 230-page manual, apply the hot solder at indicated points throughout the included circuit boards and anyone with a freshman education from MIT can enjoy hours of gameplay (actual gameplay times may vary).
ABOARD A U.S. MILITARY AIRCRAFT—In these days of shrinking U.S. defense budgets, the Obama administration is looking to South America to help monitor and protect the Asia-Pacific region in the years ahead.
327 David DeJesus
23.What do you regard as the lowest depth of misery?
DO NOT just give us your blog address, we can look through your blogs anyway, we only want specific blog posts please.
“Only sincerity can taste salty since it is such a compound that allows for healing.
I'd sneak it out of there in a lunchbox in my hand
He chooses to spend his days creating, exploring and supporting others on their personal paths. Devin saw a very cool compass that he wants from a Steampunk shop online. He decides to make and sell a few wooden daggers to be able to buy it. I love his passion for everything Steampunk right now and I love that he is inspired to create to make the money to buy his compass.
Message from the Blackstar Co-op folks. Darn it, bad timing for me and Bob; we owe some movie-watching time to the womenfolks:
I love Texas.
Do you ever feel a little stuck on an issue, like maybe there's an aspect you're not seeing? Have you sought clarity with something going on with you or in your life, and just weren't able to find it? I can help! I have the ability to connect and intuitively sense those underlying concerns, bringing them to your attention. I can offer insight after a short conversation with you that will help you bring a solution to fruition, or bring peace to a confused area.
“We made the same errors in our two losses against New Zealand, which is hugely frustrating. If we can learn from that and not over-commit ourselves at crucial times, then we will play much better.”
But at least, I then had the time, and the technology, to begin dabbling in social media. And blogging/writing started to become more of a potential gateway (???) to a post-child-raising career choice. (A girl can dream.) And before you know it, there are a thousand social media things to attend to, (Facebook, Pinterest, Google+, Twitter) and a million ways to improve your blog, and then: it hits you.
Here is whats up for grabs:
I love the way they look but they eat all the birdseed
Your Pals,
Yes, I think you get the idea! Please dig deep into your stash and join us in this fun challenge!
When it made its debut in December 2008, NEXT was only as an electronic newspaper. A paper edition would be introduced in August 2009. Audio and video would come later. But even as an electronic newspaper, its entry into Nigerian journalism was electrifying.
Begin pre-heating oven to 350 degrees.
Fixed penalty notice is a deceptive instrument, because it looks like a serious document which has been dutifully attached to your car. It carries precisely zero authority. You park on a double yellow line, you get one.
Rescuers searched the area because of concerns that someone could be trapped in the mud.
The interface for answering surveys fits a few similar styles, some of them appear more modern than others. The style of the survey depends on who has posted it. After meeting an estimated time while taking the survey you will get “paid” in reward points upon completion. You always will get entered into a monthly raffle for every survey you complete. This monthly raffle gives you a chance to get 10000 reward points (10 people win this each month), or 50000 reward points (only one person wins this each month). There is also a $4000 sweepstakes that happens every 3 months, this has special rules that can be found at this link.
Alpine skiing has taught me so much about myself and provides for me a metaphor for life and living through ups and downs. While skiing, I began holding short, sweet, positive mantras in my head to work on my form. One of the first was “Lead with your heart.” I added another, and soon started seeing them illustrated.
My background was scored using my simply scoring tool. I scored a diamond pattern on my background. I know it's a little harder to see on the left side of my card, but it's there.
Though long retired – and quite elderly himself – the Army investigator spoke with a raw disgust about the events of a quarter century earlier. He requested anonymity before talking about the behavior of senior Americal officers.
* The Northern Music Hall by G J Mellor 1970 Published by Frank Graham
Four of the dogs were dead — their bodies filthy and emaciated, according to investigators. A fifth dog, also emaciated, died shortly after being taken to an animal care facility for treatment.
Steve and I just celebrated our SEVEN YEAR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY!!!
It seemed that the rain had never really stopped in Coldfoot. We left it was raining, we came back it was raining. It was the same situation there in the same diner, with seem to be the same people. So we just ate some leftovers and went on the long road. The idea was to drive all night, changing the drivers, of course, and perhaps reach Fairbanks by morning. There we should call the car renter and find a mechanic who can tell the different between a Dodge and other cars. Good thing I wasn’t the driver. However, big thanks to Balder and Viyasan for their efforts. We could just stop for an hour or so on the way, there was just nothing on the way just mountains, forest, and the pipeline.
That evening, I could hardly wait to write a piece for the next month’s meeting. But what to write? Whisper to me, Lord. Please whisper.
Elsa
Kinlee 1/23/10 at 11 1/2 months.
I admit it, I’ve used television as a babysitter. When I had my first baby, even taking a shower felt like an exercise in abandonment. I usually waited until my baby was taking her first nap before I’d attempt to transform myself from a zombie into a vaguely presentable human being who could venture outside without scaring people.
Life is Long--David Byrne and Brian Eno
Happy Monday and 4th of July to all my American friends! Today I'm sharing with you what I created using two challenges. The first one being the sketch challenge from Sweet Sunday Sketch and the second being a colour challenge from CR84FN. Here is the sketch I followed ...
Are you sure? It’s your family deal, I don’t mind driving home.
Bathsheba’s life could be considered a failure. After all, she slept with King David while her husband was at war, had a child from the illicit affair, and married David after he had her husband killed.
Can you imagine how the servant felt?
FACT: I want to visit Tunisia and live in a mud house for a while, running around pretending to be a Jawa or shoot Sand People.
Location: Center floor in front of board.
“I will fetch your ball,” the dragon sneered in delight, “for a price.”
I know we all set the table for meal time, but I'm talking something special here. Bring out the pressed table linens and the sterling flatware and candles.
the baby brothers and sister came over this morning
I momentarily held the undivided attention of my teenage daughter. Her thumbs,
Unlike Alcott, who never married, Jo eventually did marry Professor Bhaer, whom she met in New York while working as a governess for Mrs. Kirke, a friend of Marmee’s who ran a boarding house. Mr. Bhaer was a kind hearted German immigrant who had come to America with his nephews to give them an American education. Though he was twice Jo’s age, his knowledgeable guidance and education attracted Jo’s inquisitively free nature. But Alcott’s unwillingness to give her heroine total independence, I believe, mirrors the resistance she faced in her own life in her search for freedom and individuality. In her writing, she was not yet ready to resist societal restrictions freeing womanhood from its traditions.
Islamic nations are pushing towards international blasphemy laws and want to curtail criticism of Islam. The Saudis fund and export their virulent religious ideology.
Unclaimed property is held by the The State of Wisconsin indefinitely, which means there is no time limit to claim your funds. Until such time as someone comes forward to claim their property the WI State Treasurer will act as custodian for the funds.
We're worshipping together.
I am excited to say that SOLO has already sold out of their sunglasses! But never to quit on a dream, SOLO is kickstarting their campaign to raise funds to produce their summer line of sunglasses. So far, $4,500 has been raised by 77 people.
The SFPD responded by circulating artists’ sketches of two suspects, and began stopping and questioning youngish, clean-cut black men who resembled the sketches. Howard writes,
1/2 cup cocoa nibs*
I apologize for the disjointed nature of this post; it was written over the course of a couple of days, and basically stream of consciousness.
In one example the person is hungry, but does this mean there is food? No it does not mean there is food.
Chamberlain Square, adjacent to Victoria Square, hosted a concurrent Craft Fair, which encircled the base of the Chamberlain Memorial (the spire). The Christmas Market and the Craft Fair included around 180 stalls. No, we did not visit them all. Not even close.
During the 5 minutes or so that the group was discussing the general concerns of people & performance in huge organizations, my mind drifted back to something I had learned during the first 6 months of my work life, and which I have now fondly named “The Workforce ‘Three Quadrant Quandary’.”
f) I prefer safety to dryness
Armond Towns, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Keeping it Mobile: Hip-Hop Spaces & Sneakers as Technology
The worst thing, of course, is not the forced festive fun. It's the fact that, somehow, I'll end up paying for this feculent drool of coprophilic fucking sludge.
The Bavarian Illuminati was originally comprised of three primary grades: Novice, Minerval and Illuminated Minerval. Each grade was designed to achieve particular objectives while assuring complete control and dominance to the apex of the pyramid. Here’s a brief look at each grade.
How much did you materials cost? A rough estimate at least!
Final Chorus
The length of midi skirt is what makes them tick. The medium length suits almost all body types and hence can choose any style for a midi skirt by keeping the length constant.
2 C. Heavy Whipping Cream
but the truth hurts.
So how many calories can I burn packing boxes? loll
her way to assist the Embassy. She attended a breakfast hosted by the Ambassador for U/S Nick Burns who visited Canberra just days after the election. At our request, she agreed to meet a visiting member of the National Labor Relations Board, after prior entreaties by the board member's
Mark: We stopped for a snack and I must not have heard my phone in my pocket.
on by an examiner, in a case drawn to the same or similar subject matter; or
I took their hint, packed my paper bag and called the house sitter, can you say, “Road Trip.” I will be embarking on a road trip in a few short hours. Though I must admit I’m a bit worried. When your children are extremely happy for the babysitter to arrive, doesn’t it make you worry?
In a roundtable discussion on ABC’s This Week Ronald Reagan’s budget director, David Stockman, blew a massive hole in one of the lies being regurgitated these days as a GOP talking point. Did old Ronnie cut taxes in 1981? Yes? Is that what helped to stabilize the economy? Nope. It was the raising of taxes in 1982 that did it. According to Stockman the Reagan administration actually cut taxes too much the year before.
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 4: “No capitation, or other direct tax, shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census or enumeration herein before directed to be taken.”
So here I am this Lent. Giving up the one thing that I love...sleep...in order to "pummel my body and subdue it" so that I may grow in the dual call to charity, loving God and neighbor with a more perfect ardor.
The common area has both a paved patio area and a small lawn for picnicking. A wide entrance and semi-circular bench around the base of one of the Oaks provides a generous invitation to enter and linger. No other seating is specified, but could be added, for example, on the ends of the raised beds.
My room is not finished yet, I still have to finish my closet, and buy furniture. All of that is so expensive! It is also quite difficult because my room is very small, and all my stuff doesn't fit, so I'm going to sell some clothes and makeup again. I don't really want to show it as of right now. But I will tell you the color... guess?
We gave our all. Every last sneeze was sneezed bravely.
Anne Pressley's murder was also headline news for a short while, until the inconveniently non-white Curtis Lavelle Vance was arrested. Immediately the story became non-news, barely mentioned at all until the press had to briefly report on the trial and Vance's subsequent conviction. In fact so desperate were the news media to suppress the more unpleasant details, the fact that Pressley had been raped was not even reported until one commentator accidentally let this slip out on a live television show.
- Use breastmilk as a cure-all for just about anything that ails them. Clogged tear duct? BM. Baby acne? BM (like overnight, it's a miracle!). Diaper rash? BM. Pinkeye? BM.*
No fear of rolling through a patch of poison ivy
you showed it to someone you care about?
Have no fear though. I will not be totally alone in my new phase of adventures. As those who know me well are well aware, I am a sucker for animals big and small. Over the past year I've picked up a few oddballs here and there and have collected what I like to call my dainty menagerie. A truly odd and potentially disasterous mix; I have two fish that have been named and renamed (they don't seem to mind) thanks to friends and roommates, two animated and attention grabbing pet rats that inhabit my quaint 3rd grade classroom( see adjoining blog), and two darling cats that will share my living space with me. I'm never with out entertainment, affection, or company with this crew. I look forward to the next phase of my life as it unfolds, and sharing it with friends, family, and the animal kingdom. Stay tuned.
It’s what we’re doing for you in 2011! We think you’ll be very happy with what we have in store!
And now I leave you with a wish for a Very Happy Easter and a sweet handmade carrot....just couldn't resist this.
A vivifying fragrance inspired by a white water cascade. Enriched with green fruit essences; green tea, lime and kiwi as well as essential oils of sage and lime this leaves the skin feeling toned and intensely refreshed.
I always joke that while I am conversational in Korean, I am completely fluent in Konglish, a mix of Korean + English. Konglish can refer to a number of language styles adopted by Koreans, one being the adoption of English words into the Korean vocabulary. These “Konglish” words may be English, but unless you’re familiar with them, it would be hard to recognize due to the difference in the sounds of the English and Korean alphabets.
I know, every man’s dream girl, right.
The random access memory storage space fоr the normal hardware settings would be 1 gigabyte оf space. The ultra settings wоuld bе double thе normal hardware settings and bе twо gigabytes.To process thе data quickly еnough for the normal gaming experience the Central Processing Unit speed would be at the minimum one thousand, sіx hundred megahertz. For thе ultra settings it ѕhould be аbоve оnе thousand eight hundred megahertz.
Pages Covered
Email: presidencia@morelia.gob.mx, fvallejo@morelia.gob.mx, yupicatca@yahoo.ca, protest@3dayz.com
Say goodbye to dangling cords and relish the joy of music with Sony’s NWZ-W202PNK Walkman MP3 Player. A Headphone-style WALKMAN that features quick charging, drag and drop transfers and the new ZAPPIN song-browsing technology, this gadget lets you do chores with complete wireless freedom. Weighing only 35 grams or 1.3oz, the wrap-around headphones compromises the entire being of this music player.
The area around 8,091-metre Mount Annapurna attracts thousands of trekkers, both local and foreign, each year as well as day-trippers.
Thanks again for joining and sharing your knowledge and good food - I hope to see you again next week when Terry from Crumpets & Co is our host - full details can be found in the hosting announcement.
want.
“Why didn’t I get any discretion?” asked Ann.
Sorry I haven't listed my supplies. I would love to tell you what supplies I used if you're really curious or want to recreate. I'd be honored. Please feel free to email me. Thanks for looking at my blogsite.
The first sound that I'm aware of, is the monotone British voice of a DJ, that early sparking and falsely, white teeth kind of disk jockey.
Real Madrid are officially the first club in La Liga’s history to be crowned champions in San Mamés.
Bahrain and Saudi Arabia are key Gulf allies of the United States. Bahrain hosts the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet, and Saudi Arabia can help stabilize oil markets should a conflict develop with Iran.
a weeping katsura.
The CLASS Act was not yet law at the time of this meeting; however, the general consensus was that the CLASS Act would help to raise consumer awareness.
About bunny drop Complete Series Premium Edition:
This is exactly what happened during my accident last November- the driver was clearly trying to show me that he was the “nuts”- that I needed to be taught a little lesson for daring to shout down the road after him following him pulling out in front of me without looking. Just as a recap- after I shouted (whilst trying to pull back in behind him, having swerved out of his path), he deliberately slammed his brakes on which resulted in me hitting him about 10mph. I went over the handlebars, landed on his back window and slid down it onto the road as he sped off.
There are two restaurants I simply love in Langkawi,
In July the Prime Minister announced a two-part inquiry, led by Lord Justice Leveson, investigating the role of the press and the police in the phone-hacking scandal that emerged last summer. Leveson has since suggested that police officers should write down all meetings they have with journalists in a notebook that will be audited. He has also advised officers not to talk with journalists outside of work.
I’m sure this post at SPORTSbyBROOKS will get attention for the nonsense about Trooper Taylor’s non-existent job offer from the Dallas Cowboys, but there’s another part I enjoyed more.
The Oxford Book of Scottish Short Stories
Dawn Sumner — Professor of Geology
Muslin-Shrouded Boy
One of the consequences of this is the fact that many such Christians who speak against ‘secular’ music have decided that it really is OK to listen to artists such as Wiz Kid and D’Banj. Now, as someone who a) studied musics in and of Africa whilst an ethnomusicology student; b) had a professional performing career that has included playing African music of many types both here in the UK and in Africa, I am aware of the history of Afrobeat. As such, I asked my friend exactly what they were referring to; presuming that the Afrobeat-inspired sounds I have noticed recently would be what I would simply describe as ‘contemporary Afrobeat.’
The Italian loaf I got was a package of two, and they were both about a foot long. I had six very hungry girlfriends over and we didn't even finish one. So half the recipe if you're only doing one loaf, because there are enough ingredients here to fill a boat. Two, actually. Of bread.
Some of you will feel me, some of you will just shake your head. But bear with me.
Every tourist visiting Italy for a real treat take a drive outside the italian people in italy and regions you visit Rome, spend at least one day just walking around the italian people in italy can appreciate the italian people in italy that you will visit the italian people in italy for the italian people in italy of foreign nationals continue to attempt to make certain that title to the italian people in italy of the italian people in italy of the italian people in italy for honeymooners. Wine regions, splendid natural beauty, canals, and gondolas lend a lovely touch to these cities of Italy. Some of the italian people in italy, the italian people in italy and the italian people in italy is the italian people in italy in Europe is as alive and vivid as the Dark Ages.
Here is the video for FRAME-abilities!!!!
When cool, blend to a fine puree, and return to the pot.
Andrew Brannon, Andrew Dick and Philip Holden
Got a couple more cards done yesterday with a couple more of my new A Day for Daisies digis.
That this minor character speaks in a way entirely unlike his dialogue in Hamlet, that he has this extraordinary knowledge of things involving probability, philosophy, chinese history, is always accepted by the audience, because they accept that these lines are unconnected with anything like life. A similar acceptance, I think, takes place with the dialogue of the characters of the movie. When Jules gives a formal analysis of how TV shows are developed and produced, we do not try to link this analysis to anything that might have taken place in the character’s previous off-screen life, a brief writing career, say, anymore than we try to link Guildenstern’s line with a possible time as a chinese scholar.
"During the summer of 1933, as excess reserves reached $500 million, Fed officials’ reluctance increased. Nevertheless, as Meltzer (2003) reports, President Roosevelt wished purchases to continue. On October 10, 1933, hoping to avoid a political confrontation, Fed officials decided to continue purchases. Yet, on October 12, these officials unanimously approved a statement to the president noting that (i) the System's holdings of government securities exceeded $2 billion, (ii) bank reserves had reached a record high, and (iii) short-term money rates had dipped to record lows. They halted purchases in November 1933. Quantitative easing did not end there, however: It instead shifted to the Treasury and the White House through gold purchases."
I've starting putting a few things together for an upcoming color-themed post. I love searching for photo props for that sort of thing and for my food photography too. I just found this round cooling rack last week and I was so excited. I've been looking for one for awhile and, let me tell you, are they hard to find. This one is actually new. I put up a photo of it along with a few other things I found on my Facebook page.
We're all getting along better than we have in years. It's nice. It feels more like a family now, more like people working together as a team, than it ever has which I just find sad. I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm enjoying this and happy it's happening now--better late than never, I guess. But I can't help but wonder how much different things might have been all along if *this* behavior could have been the norm rather than the exception. It's that feeling that makes me sad. It's the what-might-have-beens that are getting to me and the demonstration that all of this, ALL of this, is and was completely unnecessary which also makes me feel guilty about what we've put the kids through with our bullshit. Keith and I know how to act. We know what's expected of us in the job description of "wife" and "husband". We just choose not to do it and the million dollar question is, "Why?'' It's a question we're going to have to answer because if we don't, this pattern will repeat with others and I don't think others will be as forgiving or patient as we have been. I think the cycle that takes years with us will take months with other people and there will be no second chances. That simple three letter question is huge and complicated in practice, though. And to be honest, I'm not feeling like I'm ready to begin untangling it right now because it will take a lot of work, a lot of introspection, perhaps a bit of counseling even, to decipher whatever the hell it is that causes all this and get an answer to "Why?"
Did she kneel down and
We are Really sad to see her go! but wish her a chilled out time!
I like the way It sounds;
Introduction and Editorial note: Gordon Duff, Senior Editor Veterans Today
Pack up all stuff that needs to be delivered to venue
And sometimes it needs a new set of strings.
GINGRICH: Let me say, first of all, having gotten to know them, I think all three of the wives represented here would be terrific first ladies. Callista and I have gotten to know all three of them, and we think they’d be fabulous people. So I would rather just to talk about why I like Callista, and why I’d like her to be first lady, but she’s not necessarily in any way better. These are wonderful people, and they would be wonderful first ladies.
The other day, I saw another mother being excessively challenged by her kids (which is a very nice way of putting it), and I was in awe of what I saw. She said nothing to them while they fought for her attention; she went on with her grocery shopping as if they weren’t even there.Why is it admirable for a mother to prove that she can deliberately ignore her child's needs? I don't like being ignored, and I think many people would agree with me. If you are trying to get attention, you don't want to be ignored. If I were with a loved one who was completely and purposefully ignoring my attempts to get my needs met, pretending I wasn't even there, I would be angry and hurt. The story continues...
In Western Europe, Golden Dawns are being developed only on the basis of anachronistic believes and values. Greece has had problems, for a long time, with its own versions of history, democracy, state of law, and people’s duty to the state – as paying taxes. The social and political peace was found and established on the basis of tolerating people’s disloyalty to the state. There was a class of people in Greece, which believed that they did not have to pay taxes. It turned out that some part of Greek people were convinced that the state had to service them, while other classes of the society realised the fact that they had to be loyal to the state and had to pay their taxes.
I began working on this the day of posting, but as I didn't have the Steampunk stamp set, I used the Judikins bolio 'Music' down the left side...it has wonderful men playing insturments. They were stamp in Adirondack SnowCap and embossed with clear. On the right side, attempted the ghosting with a map of the globe looking down. I think I need a much lighter hand for the coloring. The 'Joy' was taken from Thicker stickers that I inked with VersaFine and embossed in clear several times. It was a challenge finding letters that were the correct scale. The pen nib was created from an unmounted rubber stamp (Invoke Arts)...used UTEE on the barrel and gold micro beads for the nib. I 'drug' a needle through it to make the ridge. The clock was from TH sticker book again, UTEE'ed and the gears placed on top. And so this sat on my desk for two days...just not knowing what I'd do for the men...and then a quick run to M's afterwork last night to use the last of my 40% off coupons...and what do I find, but the Stampers Anonymous TH Visual Artistry set with the STEAMpunk Men....I couldn't believe it.
I melt every time and just barely manage to turn my warmed cheeks from his sight.
I had to crop a lot OUT of this picture.
So much for being a genius.
Have your equipment ready for when you need it. Gymnasts, like writers, do not need much personal equipment to practice their sport but if you leave your grips at home, you can’t practice on the high bar. If you don’t have a pad, a pen, a computer, or even a recorder on which to take notes, then you can’t write. Always have your equipment handy and in good working condition.
white lines shooting past
Brush on the still warm muffins
North Carolina discussion over. Start of really random musings.
Man, by his own inborn sinful nature, thinks he can please God his own way. What that person must come to know is that the promise of God for salvation is based on but one principle; the gospel. We are commanded to observe that of 1 Corinthians 3:10. “According to the grace of God which is given unto me as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.”
Teas is having one of her freaky dreams.
Then there's the other side of the coin.
4 minutes – United will fancy their chances here. They’ve got a good away record, which certainly doesn’t surprise me. It’s not like I’m one to be shocked by the prospect of someone playing away with 11 other men. Isn’t that right Janet, you WHORE?
Thanksgiving was wonderful.
I LOVE how it turned out! It will be fun to have some colors under the fall & winter gloomy sky; it is one of my ways to brighten up the day a little. :)
independents and assorted weirdoes
Quicky update #2: I don’t like Liam Smith anymore. Ever since ice hockey season ended, I haven’t seen him (it’s been like a month!) so I was forced to stop liking him for my mental health. It took me three weeks to stop liking him and those weeks were agonizing. Trying to stop talking about a guy who you are still 100% totally in love with is hard. But time is the only way to get over a boy, and time worked! I still have mini feelings for him, but defiantly not as much as before.
Some parents are just so dramatic and rude.
BEEP BEEP BEEP!
I saw small cyclamen in a friend’s garden the other day, peeping through the snow, all pink and shapely. The flowers are so striking in form and colour. And the leaves are a delight.
As of next season, the Western Athletic Conference will be down to two members, Idaho and New Mexico State, which means it won’t be a conference at all. This isn’t a development that snuck up on us.
It's now Kristen's turn . . . .
Living in the heart of Bed Stuy and Crown Heights for the past few years, I see that the area lacks these elements. Nostrand Avenue and Fulton Street have both been vibrant for many years. I've always enjoyed exploring the many types of shops, even the many dollar stores. But I always felt it could be more.
If the story serves any purpose or provides any insight then the glory is all God’s. If not, then you can blame me.
TIP: In places like Europe and Canada, try to take a bag with you to the grocery store, as you will be charged for plastic bags.
I prayed today. I asked for support around letting go of feelings of inadequacy. And I found something that was delightful to my soul..”When this trumpet blows in your soul, it no longer matters who you used to be.” This was profound for me because it reminded me that I am something new now and that I don’t need to behave as I used to.
5. East New York
So after everything girls have done to me; all the hatred and the hurt, all the cuts at my character and hits at my ego. For every time I found myself not sad, but just utterly and completely confused. After all the wondering why I was a target when all I’ve ever been was myself. I’m done trying.
That lie between us and our hame,
(B)
All right then...so this year, I plan to...
I had just finished using my kitchen shears to cut up some herbs, so I grabbed them and decided to try it on the bacon. It worked great! Now I only use my kitchen shears to cut the bacon into the size I need. I cut it right into the skillet that I will be using to fry it in. It is so easy! You get perfect cuts and less mess by using this method.
It was no less a smart idea when Annette King championed Folic Acid Day a decade ago.
*Sweet pea is a bit calmer then what his or hers sister was but still throughs in a few punches here and there that makes me almost loose my breath
I will tell you this....I have absolutely no plans whatsoever of ever, ever going to Norway!
Well wishes to Jeff Hanneman.
Example: Fan: “God those Aggies are such hicks! Their campus must be one big barn!” You: “You only call it a cow college because it was founded by a cow.”
Day by day
TOYOTA PRIUS TRANSMISSION TARGETED FOR INFRINGMENT: Solomon Technologies, Inc. announced today that it has filed an action against Toyota Motor Corporation in federal district court in Tampa, Florida for infringement of Solomon's Electric Wheel patent. Solomon alleges that the hybrid transmission drive in the Toyota Prius and Highlander infringes a number of claims contained in its U.S. Patent No. 5,067,932. In the lawsuit Solomon is asking for an injunction barring further infringement as well as damages for the unauthorized use of its patent by Toyota.
What Wasn’t So Good: It is not that suitable for younger readers as it has a lot of violence in.
And now for something completely different. (More conté drawings coming soon though!)
Let's just say, that these days there is rarely a dull day in the Chance house!
-A box full of condoms and lube
Open the shades.
Laffer has been a world-class bullshitter for more than 30 years. He lied about the “benefits” of the Reagan tax cuts and he’s lying now.
Michael Ware, who covered Iraq for CNN from 2006 until last year, describes the incident as “a small war crime, if there is such a thing.”
Here are some of the prizes:
Love isn't all you need.
When the novella is released on January 31, it will be downloadable for $0.99. Yep, for less than $2, you can have two stories. Not a bad deal.
Named to the 2001 2 x 2 Reading List of twenty books recommended for children ages two through second grade by the Texas Library Association;
Me: "Son. When was the last time you took a bath?"
then, then feelings are born.
“They only stopped beating me when I fell to the ground; even then, they continued to shout racial insults in the trucks,” he said.
taxes, can receive government assistance and does not have to declare were the money
Tryndamere: Hey, boys.
Undoubtedly, more information will emerge about this from Fulford, as of Monday morning, if it did indeed happen.
Truck brakes went... bad
We were sitting in the back seat of the car during a night drive, my two younger brothers and I, and I looked over at them right when some head lights hit my face just right. My brothers scooted closer to each other and shivered with fear as they saw my big dark eyes glaring at them. Unintentional scariness, of course. Once I figured out that without a word I could wield that kind of power, I found ways to use it to playfully (honestly) intimidate them. But after a while I came to learn that I was really just kind of scaring myself. There is a real "thing" about a first-born, whether it is the stereotypical charismatic leader, or someone who does it more subtly.
“Fuckers?”
Because my God is the controller of heaven and earth; I decree from this moment, all the powers in heaven, will come to your assistance.
My Friend’s Dad
In this gospel story today we find two factors that show us why Healing services exist. They are firstly, God’s love and compassion for people and secondly, His willingness to bring blessing and healing to those who ask for them. We see this in Jesus’ ministry. The first of these factors is compassion.
Hooligans? Troublemakers? No, just Malaysians with real grievances who were repeatedly lied to, thwarted, and prevented from venting their frustrations. Not a single act of vandalism was carried out, no looting was heard of, no torching of cars or anything.
heaven and gives life to the world.”
“Destination Local” is a new $1.6m program aimed at stimulating next-generation hyperlocal media services in the U.K. The initiative is the first of its kind and offers encouragement to a sector which has often looked with envy at its American equivalent.
Sales and Marketing:
I spent my childhood with an Atari STe and its bleepy sounds. Recently, I purchased its sound generator on eBay: the YM2149 chip (made by Yamaha) or the AY-3-8910 (made by General Instruments).
Here is what I came up with.
“I was on the Yale cross-country ski team,” Jacob told me, then added, “We were terrible, don’t be impressed.”
When deep meaning of things is not understood
the song, “face,” really is about this dilemma- the real vs the ideal; the search for the true self, recognizing the multiplicity that others project, that we each present, and that our culture prescribes.
That wormhole led me to make this very strange pickled lemon recipe. I am not sure I like it, but it might just work in a margarita. What doesn't? It's sort of like preserved lemon, so I guess it can't be that bad, right? I'm not in love with it. Yet. Please note: I made a super small batch of this. This recipe is for an army's worth of pickled lemon. I'm not sure who needs that. But I could be wrong.
I had so much fun and I'm so glad I went! I waited 2 1/2 hours in line to speak to her for 20 seconds but it was so worth it and I'd do it all over again! If she ever has another book signing, you can bet I'll be there :)
Here's a couple things that have been happening lately (to catch you all up) and of course something fun to create. This will be a picture intensive post - I know, there's much rejoicing that i won't be typing much.
I appreciate this may come as news to some readers versed in english law, but Ibrox stadium is in Glasgow. And Glasgow is a city in Scotland. The seats in the stadium are by a remarkable coincidence also found in Scotland. Any debts that arise in relation to the season tickets arise in scotland. Now, scots law doesn’t have an odd system of equity which steps in to offer temporary protections. Scots law recognises two primary types of right: personal rights; and real rights. A personal right is in summary a right against a person allowing you to sue that person and is accompanied by an obligation on the part of that person. A typical example would arise from a contract. Consider, for example, a contract of loan. If I lend money to Ted, Ted has an obligation to pay me the money back, and I have a right to sue Ted for the money. Now, personal rights are only as strong as the person that owes the obligation. If I have a right to sue Ted, and Ted goes bust I am not necessarily going to get my money back. A personal right gives a creditor no entitlement to the debtor’s assets. It only gives the creditor a right to sue the debtor. And in insolvency that resolves itself into a right to claim in the insolvency of the debtor for the unpaid amount – along with every other punter who is owed money by the debtor.
I do love the country of my birth but I cannot understand how it has changed so much. Is it just the press reporting on the worst? Surely there are good things that happen so what has happened to the feel-good factor?
Here's a few pix of what I saw:
drowning our stomachs in greasy blackness
Stampin' Write Markers and Ink: Tempting Turquoise, Daffodil Delight, Basic Gray
Jack is gone to visit family in Texas this weekend so I have the homestead to myself. Feels funny to be here alone now. I couldn't help but to feel my isolation last night as I went downstairs to check the fire. The full moon illuminated the black forest around me and in the not so far distance the coyotes were singing their awful, joyful hunting song. I shivered. I stoked the fire and ran back inside to snuggle in the bed alone. Things will be better in the morning.
I've discovered a few blogs which have healthy recipes with the Weight Watchers ProPoints (Points Plus) values included and I've so been enjoying trying new meals!
Um, as you might get from the Moody site, David is into Sci-fi Horror fiction. (Sigh, yet another author who believe blood splatter on a cover is a selling point. So overdone these days it actually takes away from a good book!)
Uncle Pat and Mr. Margie get on board the magic carpet, while the musicians strike up just before we lit the candles at dusk.
Don't be afraid of using color in a small space. A color will make the space feel warmer and more engulfing and perhaps even hide just how small the space is. The important thing when picking a color is selecting colors that look great together. In all the LLY personalities I've picked wall colors for the rooms that work together nicely to help people with color schemes. If you have selected a wall color and have an accent color you would like to add, I suggest using or color section too see what you can add that gives it that occasional pop of color. I personally love to shop via color, because I believe color is the most important and most fun
My half sister Heidi wrote an award-winning essay about Margaret and me when she was in grade school, contrasting our personalities and tastes. The only thing Margaret and I hold in common is art, but our styles are completely different. Her drawings and paintings are hollow and terrifying with dismembered bodies and wicked eyes that seem to follow you around the house. My art is full of angels and doves and clouds and light and radiance. It is a mystery to me how we could be so different, like polar opposites.
Joyfully Growing In Grace engages in an examination of beliefs found in the Hebrew Roots Movement, Messianic Judaism, and Netzarim streams of faith and related sects.
HONDA - Hold On, Not Done Accelerating
Spoon or pipe the whipped cream over the tiramisu custard mixture.
So Tuesday of this week was our last night all together, though one woman in the group was on an extended Thanksgiving vacation trip to Hawaii (lucky!), and of course we did lose a few folks during the 30 weeks. But those of us who were there spoke to the group on topics such as why we joined, what the program has meant to us, and what we are taking away.
Oh confounding world that I live in! What a pain it is to get anything meaningful or purposeful accomplished! When I want to rejoice in the little that I have done I am berated by all that I have not done! I am then assaulted by all the sayings and blogs that say we should not be so focused on doing all the time and that being busy is not something that makes life better. Well I agree I still think that my anguish comes from not being busy in the right ways, not doing things that produce income in the day, not doing things that produce leisure in the evenings, and hobby’s and interest torment me wither or not I do them!
I have lovely friends too. They knew how anxious I was and several weeks ago they presented me with a fait accompli. They were ordering, preparing and serving all the food for a buffet lunch. So while they worked at our house we went to the cemetery. I unveiled the memorial stone and, after a short service in the Prayer House, I read a eulogy to Mum. It would have been easy to ask someone else to do it but I had been so close to Mum and I had things I wanted to say.
Direct. VII. Another important duty in marriage is, to help in the health and comfort of each other’s bodies. Not to pamper each other’s flesh, or cherish the vices of pride, or sloth, or gluttony, or the sensual pleasures in each other; but to increase the health and vigor of the body, making it fit for the service of the soul and God.
Brighter Side of Darkness- Love Jones
The other night, I had a dream that represents how I feel about all of this. I was driving along a road that followed a small river through a beautiful, green valley, with farmland on either side. After following the road for a while, I lost track of what I was doing and ended up driving in a straight line through a field. I was going faster and faster, and was becoming afraid because I was straying so far from the road and I was afraid I would get hurt. Just as I was about to wonder if I would ever get back onto the road, I saw a stand of tress up ahead that looked like they might have a path leading through the stand back onto the road. I started to relax, and eventually reached the path. As I slowly made my way through the trees, I saw a car seat under a tree. I got out to take a closer look, and found a baby - maybe six months old - in the seat, uncovered, whimpering and shivering, and almost dead. I immediately picked the baby up and held it close, covering it with my coat and rubbing it gently to try to get his heart and blood warmed up. Eventually, other people came to help - the farmer, a doctor, some other drivers - but I simply refused to give the baby up. I was convinced that I was doing the right thing and that the comfort of my arms and unconditional love I was able to provide would heal the baby quickly and thoroughly. In a few more minutes, the baby was doing better, the whimpers turned to coos, and the tears turned to small sniffles. And then I woke up, knowing that the baby turned out to be okay in the end.
It felt like they were waiting, but she wasn’t sure what for. She wondered if she ought to cry. Other people had cried when they’d heard that Nanna was dead. She’d tried, really she had; screwing her eyes up tight and thinking bad thoughts. But even though she’d remembered the worst thing, she couldn’t squeeze out a tear.
Tuesday………………1/24/12: Sensory Table
We live small lives on the periphery; we are marginalised and there's a great deal in which we choose not to participate. We wanted silence and
Go Daddy said it felt the shift, but did not provide specific numbers, and has announced that it is opposed to the Stop Online Piracy Act.
Me: H, Remember? We talked about how you were going to pick regular milk. You like regular milk!
Unlike a man, a woman doesn’t need a refractory period before she can be orgasmic again. However, it’s not always easy to achieve one orgasm, let alone many! Hence, while some women are multi-orgasmic, not every woman knows how to harness that power. Practice makes perfect!
2.) Prior to BRBP, what sort of jobs did you do? What brought you to BRBP?
Most people don’t know that Earth has almost exited third density or that the law of physics governing life in this universe holds that nothing with the low frequency vibrations of darkness can enter the high vibrations of fourth density. This includes physical bodies, activities, plans, dogmas, laws, customs, rituals — everything devised with dark intent to control the populace; everything that is harmful to body, mind and spirit; everything that for millennia kept your world mired in third density will be ending within months.
"circumstances where an active disregard for UK values is
through all the gills
EZ moves looks good for people afraid of a bit of hard work, or if you simply want to appear super human strong to your neighbours by pushing your car without driving it.
I went to film school with Alex Orr, Adam Pinney and Hugh Braselton, who came up with the story and wrote the screenplay. We were part of a film collective called Fake Wood Wallpaper Films in Atlanta, GA. We are all best friends. When they decided to do this project, they wrote the part of Archie for me since they knew I was a performer. I was mostly doing improv comedy at the time and acting in a few short films.
I've been keeping track of the progress of the box as it's flown all over the country. People put beads in the box and take others out. Right now, the box is with Lois at Que Onda Q'town. All you have to do is leave a comment on her blog to be entered. Hurry, though - the deadline is coming up fast!
1 yourselves
She had a radioactive/iodine ablation for her thyroid three weeks ago, but her T3 is still raging. The concern now is that this generally results in A-Fib, not full on cardiac arrest.
Our church does not talk about giving something up or adding something for Lent. But that was a hot question on Twitter yesterday. Usually I don’t give anything up but it did get me thinking. Something I’ve been trying to work on is worrying less. I’m a worrier and it’s gotten worse since I got pregnant.
Today I made a card for the Ways To Use It challenge over at Splitcoast. We were to add a decorative border. I am a BIG fan of scallops and use them on many of cards! Today I used two different ones!
And the short answer is that part of the foundation for keeping and bearing arms rests in laws that lend order to nature. These are laws that God ordained and implemented just as certainly as he implemented and ordained the moral law (the 10 Commandments). This point is worth explaining because it’s fundamental to an understanding of how our inalienable rights flow to us from God rather than from government. As such, the foundation of those rights transcends government, which is why the right to keep and bear arms “shall not be infringed.”
29 Holger Czukay - Persian Love
Roasted Buckwheat (10-15% total)
For doing the quest… er… thrice?: +1500 MaxHP and +300 Weapon/Magic DEF
Which way to forgiveness
Add them all up, and you can see where that could be headed faster than Nick Saban can say “Aiiight?”. As Infante puts it,
We visited about 10 houses and it gets confusing but then we slashed a few out because it is easier to find the one you don’t want. With me needing a direct entrance to the basement narrows our search which is good because too many choices is difficult. I am always scared to make a wrong decision.
Networking Breakfast from 8:30am till 10:00am; followed by an Awards Presentation
Beam wing
Don’t want to get caught in the middle of a blizzard. I thought as I raced down the dirt road that led to the mountain pass leading to Mariposa. No sir; no blizzards.
William Lamson is a fellow POCer and one of the most original, witty and creative artists working today. For his latest project, A Line Describing The Sun, William has finally scaled his genius to its appropriate size.
Never the less,
A novelist is the sole parent of an immaculate conception. Despite the midwifery of the editor, the baby is all yours. An illustrated book is a very different matter. It has two parents – writer and artist. I’ve just corrected the first proofs of a story that will be out later this year, and seen the pictures in colour for the first time. It’s always exciting to see the other half of the book-baby’s DNA. Sometimes there are surprises – ‘Ooh, look at that lovely ginger hair!’, or ‘I didn’t expect him to like cheese’, or ‘Doesn’t she live in a big house?’ Sometimes, as with a real child, there is a feature you’d rather not see in the offspring – that ugly nose, or the sullen scowl. Occasionally one of your own features stares out at you, horribly: do I really use semi-colons like that?
It was so freaking awesome, I got a bit teary.
This is where life is simple and the ice fishing is good. Play dates (and maybe adult dates) happen at McDonald's, everyone seems to know (or know of) everyone else, and even the women wear their hunting camo jackets to run errands. Unfortunately we missed the outhouse races out on the frozen lake. Folks ice fish from outhouses, cute ones with sliver-moon windows. Later in the winter they'll race the beauties across the lake.
Cut into cracker-sized pieces.
“Fine. But on one condition.”
But I think our position on English in our schools and in our nation is the same, which I believe English should be the official language of the United States, as it is. I also believe that in our schools, we should teach kids in English.
As a woman, my quick fix for everything is what I refer to as man’s greatest invention – Duct Tape. No matter what the item is, no matter how broken it is, I guarantee you, I can fix it with a little (or sometimes a lot) of that magical silver sticky stuff.
Another hindrance on physics and engineering sectors has been the increase in funding to the National Institute of Health. According to David Kramer in Physics Today, the money allotted to the NIH by Congress has increased more than the Department of Energy, National Science Foundation, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or even the Department of Defense (Kramer 27); although the exact numbers are adjusted to the inflation rates as of 2010. It seems a sign of the times that medications, cures for diseases, and stem cell research have become more of a priority than uniting the theory of General Relativity and Quantum Mechanics, even though such biological miracles are just as evasive as the Higgs Boson.
His views are easy to understand. Eric was a Holocaust survivor and he watched as his parents were ripped away from him, and then his mother was murdered right before his eyes. It had been at that time that his power to control all magnetic forms of metal first developed. A Nazi even experimented on him and tried to use him as a weapon. Xavier describes him as a good man with good intentions who is consumed by rage.
The makers of Freschetta Pizza contacted me and provided their product for
She needs not a halo or silken wings of grace,
My favorite! I am a sucker for mac & cheese. This was a spicy take on the classic with cayenne and red bell pepper.
Rebellion, of course, is a natural–and healthy–part of growing up, individuation in psychological speak. The more extreme the circumstances of our upbringing, the more extreme our rebellion may in fact be. And the pendulum of social norms tends to swing from one end to the other, from generation to generation, too. Here’s a bit from the Guardian article:
* Go for moisturizing or intensive-care conditioners if you have dry hair.
CBI is more than a service of TYWL Schools, it infuses every part of the curriculum. Girls aren’t simply encouraged to go to college, they are expected to, and college exploration begins in the seventh grade. Highly qualified and trained college guidance counselors work individually with the students with the sole responsibility to guide students and parents through the entire admissions, financial aid and enrollment process. While most public schools have a 500-to-1 guidance counselor ratio, 5 TYWLS and 7 co-ed New York City public schools using CBI have a 100-to-1 ratio … meaning students get five times the attention and help from the counselor. It’s paid off big time in the results seen above.
I return to the market on Wednesday, the day after New York experiences tremors from a 5.8 earthquake. Cathy tells me to wait until Saturday before I eat Mike's homemade kimchi as it will taste better if it has more time to ferment. I am patient for delicious. Three days later, per Cathy's instructions, I taste the kimchi. The howling winds of a downgraded Hurricane Irene go mute as I remember what it was like being in the kitchen when Mike was making kimchi. Its savor and tang inscribes my mouth with a flavorful memory that will never let me forget.
“Hey babe, bring your ass in-” the big tall slinky man opened the door.
Remember, helping others should not be for assuaging your guilt at being self-sufficient.
More or less, anyway. I had a revelation when the Emperor was a baby and I was losing the weight from him (which I did, all 55 freaking five pounds of it!) which went like this: oh man! I don't have to be hungry all the time when I'm trying to lose weight! I just have to eat mostly healthy food!
So let’s make it a catalyst instead.
Romaine Lettuce
Most people are already investing but don’t realise it. Superannuation is a form of compulsory investment that the government has put in place to deal with the inevitable collapse of welfare. Unfortunately, most super companies actually capitalise on people’s ignorance. The less you know about your super, the more they can syphon off. When I first started with my current job, my super account was set on an average growth fund and had a lot of unnecessary insurance options selected, resulting in negative growth! The first investing step you should make is to take control of your super. You can’t touch this money for a long, long time, so you might as well make it work hard for you. Most companies will allow you to direct where you want your money to be invested. They’re also legally required to provide you with information that summarises a lot of the investment options available on the market. This makes it a quick and simple way of getting a good idea of what investment options are out there.
I’ve ran the half marathon at this race each of the last 2 years, including my first ever half marathon! So I decided to go back to the place were it all started....and for several reasons!!!!
7: It is well-known that the circle of signs is split by two diameters. One is the line from equinox to equinox. The other is the line from solstice to solstice.
Wear Stilettos all Summer Long: Walking around like you are about to tip over at anytime is really, really sexy. Wear them all the time, everywhere you go. They look sexy at sporting events and back yard BBQ’s, at the beach, or on camping trips.
As the WHOLE storm moves east.. you will see ADDITIONAL severe weather in Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Illinois, Missouri, Indiana, Kentucky, and Michigan.
These sweet white ones in pale blues and pinks are just picture perfect, aren't they?
He is not from the school of thought that 2012 will be a year of global catastropy in which climate change or some other man-made disaster will herald the end of society. He is more optomisitic and sees it as the beginning of a new period of evolution in which humanity will reconnect with the planet which enabled it to evolve.
Dies & Punches: Classic Rectangle Nestabilities-SM die 5, Labels One Nestabilities die 2 (Spellbinders); Round-it-All 1/4" and 1/2" (Zutter).
So the parents receive this letter and straight away they know that their child's learning is about to be judged by someone who probably knows nothing about education other than at school. This person might (or might not) have read something about autonomous learning but even so, the sight of a child not reading, writing, or doing maths and without a pile of 'work' to show, will probably look to them like a child who is not in receipt of a suitable education. The child will have been learning intently all of his life, but how do the parents prove it?
Naturally I’m starting to think more and more about the run itself, visualising profiles and predicting checkpoint arrival times; “I may be running uphill for 45 minutes here… downhill for 20 minutes there…”. It’s not hugely scientific, but it has led me to a dilemma…
I got the family on board this year to do Favorite Things as well. I think this will be so fun to read years down the road. Here goes...
As I have written elsewhere, UK eDiscovery solutions provider CY4OR has recently acquired the business of eOrigin. That brought with it Nick Pollard as CY4OR’s new head of eDiscovery together with eOrigin’s role as a Digital Reef partner. Nick Pollard said of the new Digital Reef program:
I fed this to myself, Mr.4444, and three young college guys who thought it was fantastic. It's as delicious as it is pretty!
Click below to purchase the e-book. Be sure to include the email address you would like it sent to! You can expect all orders in 18 hours (usually within 1 hour of payment). If more than 18 hours passes between your payment and receiving your PDF e-book, feel free to email me at kaelahbee at gmail dot com! (I'll be processing orders and sending out copies all day, so you should get it almost immediately unless I'm at work!)
Your article begins by repeating the meme
1 1/2 inch flat artist brush (if possible) (it's square in shape)
In our previous sessions, he had quite a number of time outs but yesterday, only one. He behaved the whole time, even when M left the room. M said this was a vast improvement and it showed that Alden could really control his own behaviour if he wanted to. I was so happy to hear this.
Our hearts have been in Japan this past week, as thousands have become homeless in Northern Japan, following the earthquake and resulting Tsunami and the potential problems from the nuclear power plants that have been damaged.
Every time I stumble across a new blog I get inspired all over again to get out here and share my experiences. Today is no different. I had the opportunity to share some experiences about being a step-mom with other step-moms (which I cherish) and got to thinking about how I ended up here, because as they say, “Baby, you’ve come a long way.”
The very peak of man’s ascent.
Sterile although they be and void of rule,
They say that the journey of a million miles begins with a single step. This is true, technically. But it is then followed by a journey of a million miles, minus one step.
I'm almost at 50 followers! I currently have 49 followers--wait,well, one of those followers is me. I somehow managed to sign myself up via Facebook. Argh! Oh well, 48 is a good number as well. :-) I would wait until I hit 50 to celebrate (that's 50 followers and not 50 years of age--I would have to wait a lot longer to celebrate that one); however, given how slowly I have accumulated followers, I might not hit that target for a while...so, why not celebrate 48! :-)
As many of you know the past several years have seen aggressive, anti-immigrant bills (including SB 1070-esque bills), the propagation of harmful programs under the guise of immigration reform or terrorism prevention, and other unsavory actions. Our immigrant brothers and sisters are a core part of the important work that we do and who we work with so we go out in support to march with them through East Boston, Chelsea, and Everett.
We met with Dr. Tim and got Golden Monkey yeast for the table beer. Afterward he was nice to enough to let us sample a few beers. The Abbey 6 is currently on draft at the pub, and in my opinion is superior to the Abbey 8, which we currently have on draft at Earth. The 6 is cleaner, more drinkable, and tastes better overall, while the 8 has some strange notes to it that seem a bit off to me. Both are delicious though, and it nice to see them churning out some more Belgians.
My nails were a result of boredom. I bought a multicolored 12 pack of loose glitter from Ross for $4 which is so cheap considering Michael's prices! After a base coat, I dipped my finger nails in the glitter, shook off the excess and added a top coat. I liked it, it looked pretty but it was messy and I won't do it again! I will find a lot of other uses for my glitter though. I will probably funnel some of it into clear polish...which is a lot less messy.
PS-it's at the church in case you were wondering :)
In respect to the number of viewers of this blog, I get really happy when my report says I had around 30 viewers. That’s like, wow, a lot. But low and behold, today I have 60. Double! That’s crazy. One day last week (blog only 4 days old) I get nearly 70 views. But there is something quite fishy floating in the air.
I actually feel it’s a decent dupe from Revlon, and definitely way more affordable as I got it for less than US$5 compared to Deborah Lippmann’s US$18. Yay to more affordable alternatives!
‘Had she been talking to herself?’ the thought came as quickly as the realization that she had not been. Looking around she found that she
Several decades ago, Paulo Freire attacked the traditional “banking” concept of education — the idea that faculty simply transmitted knowledge to students who stored it as if they were passive containers. Instead, Freire argued, they should treat students as equals capable of active learning.
Archeologists tell us that the popular sports in italy of early Indo-Europeans into the popular sports in italy. The common marketplace that was about all. However, this situation has modified drastically and no other hidden costs. This pre-paid Italy SIM card. After the popular sports in italy is over, the popular sports in italy of the EU have actively made the Mediterranean six hundred years later.
- 1 cup unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons, softened
Again, old-school cabinets (notice the painted over hinges) and laminate counter tops with standard over-mount sink. But with all of the amazing decorating (picture frames and sconces) and styling (flowers, flowers, flowers), you'd never notice at all.
♥ Leave your name with mr inlinkz
I went to visit Oldest at the shop last night.
If you see something on this blog that you want to buy there is a good chance I will sell it, depending on where you live.
This week both Rex and Riley's schools had parent teacher conferences. Thankfully Riley had class even though the rest of the school had early release. Rex's school had early release so he was able to hang out with Kristi the babysitter while Riley was at afternoon preschool. He thought this was a great treat. Thursday afternoon they had a hot date and after they dropped Riley off at school they headed down town to the Olive Garden to enjoy lunch and wonder around a bit. Rex had a glorious day!
I just love reading all the blogs that I subscribe to. I don't always get a chance to leave comments, but I do read and make mental notes. There was one in particular that piqued my interest. What to do with all those Christmas cards and Christmas photo's that we can't bear to toss. Someone had suggested making a mini booklet, so I tackled that chore today!.
The areas that darken almost to black are colored with E47 and hints of W7. No black! W7 is as dark as you need to get. Even the darkest brown has a value of 7, so it is not black. In the final, you can see that it looks almost black, but still retains the feel of brown.
Sometimes (in the case of melancholia) the ego has identified with a forbidden love-object so strongly, that it can’t bear the super-ego’s criticism and gives up—with suicide. At other times (as in obsessional neuroses) the object is still external to the ego, but its feelings for it are repressed, resulting in acts of external aggression.
Finish sauce with butter and lemon slices. Once the butter melts, pour sauce over cutlets. Garnish with chopped fresh parsley and serve.
It's got menace in the very rhythm of the writing. It's short and not-sweet. We know who the main characters are because she SHOWED us, not TOLD us.
Thanks again you all for the fun times together! I'm going to miss you all so much come this summer...but I know amazing things will come your way no matter where you live!
I recently had the opportunity to examine a superb vintage Balenciaga day coat at the flagship of Toronto’s Holt Renfrew. Canada’s most prestigious clothing retailer, Holt Renfrew, was founded in 1837 in Quebec, and has held royal warrants, such as furrier to Queen Victoria. In the late 20th century, as furs were seen less frequently, and were viewed as politically problematic, the store became better known for supplying designer and other fine clothing and accessories for men and women. Among the brands carried are Christian Dior (a relationship starting in the late 1940s when Dior himself visited the store and Toronto social scene), Chanel, Gucci, Saint-Laurent, Moschino, Oscar de la Renta, Dolce & Gabbana, Ralph Lauren, Louis Vuitton, and Roger Vivier. In keeping with the times, and the popularity of vintage clothing, they have offered a diminutive, exclusive collection of pieces by vintage dealer Linda Latner of Vintage Couture. The collection consists of a single rack, but is of such quality and so carefully selected, or curated, that it is always a pleasure to view. This is the closest one can physically get to museum quality vintage couture.
As I said earlier this was one of the more successful episodes in recent weeks. It managed to bring back a couple of faces we hadn’t seen in a while in Mac and Aunt Prudence, and it touched on the mystery surrounding the murder of Phryne’s little sister. However, that story was only briefly looked at, presumably to remind us that the plot was still hanging around on the way to a finale that will likely cover her murder in more detail (again, just guessing, but that’s how this would work if it was The Mentalist). The acting was okay, there were some fun bits and it didn’t drag along like it has in the last couple of episodes. It wasn’t going to change the face of television drama in this country, but it was okay.
3.) Ms. Lilly asking for an iPod for Christmas just so she can listen to Selena Gomez's song, "Love You Like A Love Song," all day and every day. (Yes, she knows the lyrics. Yes, she is five going on fifteen. Yes, this kills James...but only because he's concerned about her taste in music. No, she will not be getting an iPod. "Santa" will probably be bringing her a....dancing baby???...which was her second choice.)
How can one determine which virus is causing ME? For that we would obviously need more than the five pounds we had for our PACE trial.
Have you evolved into the iPeople or smartpeople race or are you lagging behind like me in the under-construction-race?
So I don't have a long list of resolutions, but I do have a couple.
Her prices are fantastic as well, my necklace sells for $24 which I think it just perfect!
She had a few other funny stories like that, but she began to share more about her husband. Since I had the time, I listened. She said they were married for 57 years and that he was her best friend. After he got sick, he asked if he could go home to die beside his wife. He died in her arms. Her husband died a few years after her oldest son died. Hearing these things made me tear up, but Polly just smiled. She is confident that she will see them both again someday and realizes that life is short for all of us.
DAY 17: Watch a Christmas movie
May 5 – Congress Theater (Chicago, IL) #
17 year old Yap Siew Ting, who made the headlines last week after being charged for extorting money from a 22 year old NTU student Ng Yong Cheng, was remanded at Ang Mo Kio police station for another week together with her boyfriend Soh Zhi Ren.
It was Nov. 30, 1930, that the Dodgers met the Giants for the first time and defeated them 7-6. But two weeks later the Giants beat the Dodgers, 13-0, at Ebbets Field, concluding a 13-4 season, the only one in which four New York-area teams (Newark and Staten Island being the other two) operated in the NFL. Green Bay took the league title for the second straight year, finishing 10-3-1, including a split of two games with the Giants.
It has since been said that this dear old friend of mine has caused others to develop the lesser known illness of notebook phobia (or notibookinus as it is more commonly referred to). It is an unusual phobia where the sufferer can no longer enter stationery stores and is forced to cross the road rather than walk past a cousin of my little friend. This was not my plight. In fact I strongly suspect that without my friend by my side it would not have been possible for us to achieve together all that we did.
in the early stages at least.
Chief of Staff: Sarah Palin.
Again, thanks for stopping by and if you would like to check out the Art Philosophy cart or any other items from CTMH you can here.
Mind: I said no!
Vidura also completely renounced his material self, in a place called Prabhāsa. His thoughts like clothes wrapped around Kṛṣṇa, he went to his own station surrounded by the Pitṛ.
There are many options when it comes to peas and beans. Think green beans, snow peas, sugar peas, wax beans, and so many more. Peas are a cool season crop and most bean varieties are warm season crops but both grow on vines. This makes them perfect for a small space because you can train them to grow up a trellis, stakes and string, or a fence.
1 kg semolina (you’ll find it next to the flour in the supermarket)
Eventually Hong Lo whipped out a special magic whistle that could summon Byakhee, and as he blew it an loud, eerie Byakhee cry brought forth one of the creatures from the air of the wintery New York evening sky. As drunken party goers screamed and ducked in fear, the Byakhee rages around the room, and a couple of the characters engaged Hong Lo (Andy’s old dude going cane-to-cane combat when Hong Lo revealed his sword cane).
1/4 cup sifted good quality cocoa
an example of it being done…
Frisee and endive salad with blackberry mangalitsa emulsion, tangerine supreme and candied pecans
I am back from a month long trip to Kauai...and WOW, what a vacation !!!! We were celebrating lots of great stuff...our 30th anniversary will be this year, I will be cancer free for three years in April and I had a big birthday on March 4th. :) Yes, I celebrated a very BIG birthday while there. ;) OK, I will embrace it!! I am 50 and loving it!! Wahoo!!! I am loving life!!!
screamed through his gurgling slashed throat.
Ashar: Okay so you are saying. Khizar is gay. Mom is conniving. I am clingy. What about Sara?
Round
Notes: Following up with “voi!” and “glaven!” and other Jerry Lewis mannerisms earns you bonus points – but not 200 of them.
So there you have it, my impossible list thus far.
Gloria Gaynor – I Will Survive
So listen to them. I wish with all my heart that I had listened to Julie that day.
Well, I left Kentucky back in '49
Clearly, she's not potty trained yet but this was a big day.
In 2008, Mr Daley feared that the smoking ban, combined with the economic downturn - which saw seven pubs a week closing at its height - would soon spell the end for real ale and pubs in Wales.
No, Contrary to popular belief, he hasn’t fallen off the face of the earth...he’s just been workin’ on a new album and it will kick your ass! this event is not an AMA event but since we love Keith like a brother we had to let you know! ** FREE and open to the public **Family Wash – 2038 Greenwood Ave., E. Nashville.11pm Anne McCue @ 3rd & Lindsley - our Aussie cousin (and winner of our Airplay Direct Americana/Folk contest) will be playing songs off her wonderful new record “East Of Electric”
We start with Emma's father. Practically nothing is known about him apart from his name (Henry Lyon), occupation (blacksmith at a local mine) and that he died shortly after Emma's birth. Williams concludes that he didn't die in a work related accident. Her evidence for this is that there's no record of an accident (reasonable but hardly conclusive) or that Emma's mother received a pay-out from the mine (more compelling, but still not conclusive). Williams also discounts the possibility that Henry was tubercular, based on the premise that Emma's mother, Mary, wouldn't have married him if he were (reasonable, but women have been known to behave unreasonably out of love). But then Williams doesn't discuss any other diseases that might've killed a working man in the 18th Century; she jumps straight to her preferred theory -- that Henry died from alcoholism or a booze-related incident. Her evidence is simply that alcohol-related deaths were quite common among the working-class of the time.
By John Roberts
MAKES 4 SANDWICHES
Only one regret,
For instance, I didn’t think portable cd players were considered old. That was until I tried to buy one! Holy shit! They’re in the back of every electronics store, tucked in a dark corner, back by the bathrooms. Ever asked someone who works at a Best Buy where the cd players are? They can’t even tell you, ’cause they haven’t sold one in three years.
I've known about this for a little while, but of course was sworn to secrecy until today! I can't tell you how amazed and shocked I was when I received the invite. "Me? You really want me? You sure you haven't made a mistake?" immediately came to mind! But once I'd stopped hyper-ventilating, punching the air, leaping up and down and generally making a complete fool of myself, I flew off a quick email of acceptance! Well, how could I not? It's not every day you receive a personal invite onto one of the most coveted DTs in the stamping world. I've always wanted to be a TGF Farmer but never thought I would be good enough!! WOO-HOO!! Huge thanks to Marie and Jess for inviting me and believing in me - you gals are the best and I hope I make you and The Greeting Farm proud! *bites nails nervously* :)
Okay, so this will probably be a really short post. Still no change on the Ryan front. He’s still coming in on the ninth. I hope it stays that way. Otherwise, went to an aquarium today, the one that holds Winter the dolphin from the movie Dolphin’s Tale. It was pretty neat seeing a dolphin being able to swim without a tail. Amazing how an animal, or anything for that matter, can adapt to such a sudden change.
So they use what they claim is a hadith, or saying of Muhammad (Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam), “We have returned from the lesser Jihad to the greater Jihad, that is the struggle against the evil of oneself.” This is in fact a fabrication and is known as Mawdu’ (spurious). Hafidh al Iraqi and Ibn Hajar al Asqalani, who were hadith masters and muhaditheen, who memorised one hundred thousand hadith by Isnad and were qualified to scrutinise hadith and their authenticity, stated that this was not a saying of the Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam) but was in fact a statement that was made by someone in the later generation named Ibrahim ibn Abi Yabla. Hence, this is not considered an evidence in the Islamic Shari’ah.
But progress isn’t uniform across industries, and innovation capabilities vary significantly: several basic skills are at best nascent within a typical Chinese enterprise. Pain points include an absence of advanced techniques for understanding—analytically, not just intuitively—what customers really want, corporate cultures that don’t support risk taking, and a scarcity of the sort of internal collaboration that’s essential for developing new ideas.
Prior to him ever throwing a pitch in a Mets uniform, we had other reasons to dislike Mota. Mostly because he was a head hunter on the mound and you know how head hunters are treated by Mets fans (see: Clemens, Roger). But he went for one of our own in 2003, when he went after Mets legend and fan favorite Mike Piazza…the same guy who not only had a bean ball but a bat thrown at him by Roider…I mean, Roger Clemens. In Spring Training, but still, a head hunter is a head hunter is a head hunter.
The Pattern Paper is also Basic Grey.. I just love using feathers.. they add that little bit extra to a card..
You continue to do this until you have enough referrals who have gone Green on the site to be able to claim your gift.
Two weeks ago, Heilbron dairy farmer Christo van Rensburg was attacked by a group of black males who threw burning petrol-bombs into his car which set his clothes alight. Then they dragged him from his vehicle and started beating him – but the Afrikaner freed himself, tore off his burning clothes and ran to the safety of his heavily-secured homestead. Dutch farmer Bouke Tack now is a paraplegic with a bullet in his spine after five armed black males gunned him down in a rain of bullets at his Golden Valley dairy farm on 18 March 2012. Thirty-five-year old Mrs Riana Schoeman was also shot dead while fighting for the lives of her small children on their dairy farm near Cullinan. And the SA-Dutch dairy farmer Loffie van der Gryp was shot dead like a dog at his milking sheds on his dairy farm near the world-famous Sterkfontein caves near Pretoria. There’s also evidence that black police officers are involved in these attacks: dairy farmer I G Siemens was killed assassination-style at Mets dairies in Tzaneen in 2002: and two black police officers were found guilty by the court. In fact a large family from Randburg, attacked three times within a year-period, told up and fled to the USA where they are now awaiting their application for political asylum, stating that they were only attacked because of their ethnic origin.
Thanks and Happy Crafting, everyone!
A couple (of the many) random things he won’t eat:
Remember how I was so happy it was April? Well April has surely come in like a LION this year. One by one, each person in my house dropped like flies, with some sort of horrendous stomach bug.
Her swift heavy hand
I’m happy to see that the President had a moment of clarity a couple weeks ago and called the enemy by their name: Islamic fascists. I’m glad he did it. I’m even more glad to see that it upset them when he did.
But I promised them a glimpse, and I wasn't about to miss out on the opportunity to connect with them even though I was literally at - and beyond - the ends of the earth. Home, after all, is as close as you imagine it to be,
What ever happened to BrewDog?
Plantinga, though, doesn’t look this deeply into the claim. He just notes that although the atheist may not want to believe in God, the theist probably does, so believing in God helps him attain his ends, and the atheist is just wishing that he wouldn’t. But that’s confusing “doing things that help me attain my ends in the long-run” with “doing things that I want to do right now”. One of the benefits of rationality, in fact, is just that it can help us see what will work out best in the long term, even when it’s not the thing we most want to do right now.
There is a downside to the cask, too. Once tapped, the cask will not fit into either of my temperature controlled fridges, so it has to be drunk at the ambient temperature in the garage. With temperatures a bit below the norm for this time of year, it's being served at around 8C which is definitely a tad chilly. By the time I reach the end of the pint it's noticeable that the flavour has improved, but with temperatures likely to rise over the next couple of months, hopefully this will not be a problem for future brews.
It is absurd for the Council to insist that further spending cuts should come equally from the schools as from the general government. Cutting the baby down the middle, King Solomon style, will only kill the baby. The Council needs to make qualitative, not merely quantitative, value judgments, and above all, that means to recognize the City's school system as its most valuable, and valued, asset.
Today I am thankful I worked hard to get through to my dog and try to show her that she can lead a calm life. Someday I’d like to be thankful it actually happened, and not just a wish.
In the image at your left you can seethe ring of the shot settings/modes of the Nikon D90.
Octomom reports up to $50,000 in assets in federal court filings, meaning she owes more than 20 times her net worth.
Bake crusts for 5 to 10 minutes until lightly golden.
I -- how do I word this -- devoured this book. Yup, all 360 pages of it. This is one of those books that like, calls your name from your bookshelf. So, of course I picked it up. I loved the author's name too, Wendy Wunder.
So I am thinking of going the carry-on route instead. I’m lucky that I’m flying Alaska Airlines. They have this deal where Waffles Fly Free when you buy one full-priced adult ticket.
7.Multiple new entries are accepted.Only two archived entries are allowed as long as they are linked with both announcements.
The exhibition “Christian Louboutin” features some of the designer’s most successful designs as well as his more creative interpretations such as crystal encrusted ballet slippers with an eight-inch heel for the English National Ballet.
This month is a busy one. We have something 3 out of 5 weekends. I’m looking forward to them all. Should make the month fly by!
Rnd 11) knit 2 together around. Fasten off, weave trough remaining stitches and pull to close, weave in ends.
Fast forward some years and her children are now grown and Rehana is celebrating, as she does every year, the day on which they were returned to her care. She throws a party for their close neighbours and friends, a feast of good food and appreciation that they are all together again. Her son Sohail and daughter Maya are both teenagers, attending the local university. Both are quite involved in politics – especially Sohail. Bangladesh was known as East Pakistan and this novel takes place during their nine month long war for Independence.
I'm finally finished with my summer semester of classes - phew! It was my last semester of classes in my graduate program, just six weeks long, two classes, and two huge research papers. It was absolutely the toughest semester of grad school - and I'm PROUD to say that worked really hard, and just found our yesterday that I received a 4.0 for the semester!
WU: How do you keep Classic Bride's content fresh for your readers?
How much of this is carefully thought out, and how much is simply a songwriter’s intuition and instinct? That may actually be an unimportant question regarding this song. What’s more important is this: these subtleties are the kinds of things we can and should be thinking of as part of the composition process.
A handful of fresh basil leaves chopped
I think it’s good to feel like a beginner once in a while. It gave me an appreciation for the sense of security I feel every day, teaching a subject that I love and understand deeply. It also gave me a glimpse of what my students experience as they grapple with the uncertainty of new information every day.
As a starter activity they used the fantastic Hockneyizer tool at Big Huge Labs to create automated collages of famous people. You upload a single image and the tool turns it into a Polaroid collage – you can see an example of the CLC on the right.
Will serve you.
Hungry yet???
With a date with the Miami Heat looming in the NBA playoffs, the Indiana Pacers aren't about to bow down to anyone. Coach Frank Vogel and some of the players don't see themselves as the underdog going into the second round showdown with Miami.
I don't have any sneak peeks because I haven't bought a new camera yet and it was one of the casualties of moving. However, I'm buying a new camera and taking pictures of my creation tomorrow night, and getting all set up for the reveal!
What he talked about – nothing philosophical – nothing bookish – all he did was share some experiences of his life and how he learnt from them . He connected with the audience . He publisized Round Table efforts amongst his friends and colleagues by appreciating its FTE initiative at every possible opportunity he got. Some of the insights and suggestions can be summarized as below :
– be aligned as a pair so as to provide a bearing across their full thickness and along a profile length
Guess it's time to dust off the blog.
I'm back today to share a few more cards using the Uniko Studio Digital Time papers along with Uniko Studio Time & Extra Time stamps. I am SO happy that you are liking the look of these papers! Thank you for all the lovely comments!
We had a fight of sorts a few days ago, on our way back from Amsterdam (after seeing the Gotan Project live; they're very entertaining, although sober Dutch audiences are painfully boring). I thought it was all over that night, he was so upset and angry I didn't know what to do. I don't want to talk about the reason for the fight because it's too complicated and nuanced and I'm not a post-modern philosopher, so fuck it. All I remember was thinking how I never wanted anyone to stop being angry with me more then I did then.
Chicken cordon bleu rolls. I’ve heard about chicken cordon bleu more than I can count on my fingers and toes. Every time I go to the grocer, I tell myself, “I’ll pick up the things I need to make chicken cordon bleu” and yet, here I am; I still haven’t made it. However, I have eaten it before; Josh’s father made it for dinner one night a long while ago and it was good as far as I can remember.
And think, this heart, all evil shed away,
But after 9/11, the US military-industrial complex quickly invaded Afghanistan and began facilitating the reinstatement of the country’s poppy industry. According to the United Nations Drug Control Program (UNDCP), opium cultivation increased by 657 percent in 2002 after the US military invaded the country under the direction of then-President George W. Bush.’
When the police finally left we learned that a couple in the apartment across the street were having an argument and the guy pulled out a gun. Nice, huh? Nice to know our neighbors are packing heat. Ugh. I hate to even think about it, really. Still, no shots were fired and we did really enjoy our time together. We kept the family vibe going that night. Jerry and I did our sidewalk art (partially inspired by the police encounter, as you might guess.).
It would appear more of us are looking to stay in shape whilst releasing a tad of testosterone and develop a few self-defence skills. A perfectly understandable state of affairs considering how sedentary and repressed modern life has become.
In general, a company with increasing margins is becoming more profitable and is better managed, i.e., its costs are under control.
By now the Scotch was almost gone and never having had anything stronger than sparkling wine, I was drunk.
I'm not sure what I will do with the command miniatures yet. And in addition to all the metal figures, the package included a number of plastic skellies--and not just infantry figures. If you look closely at the plastic box, you can see some skeletal cavalry along with a skeleton chariot. I also need to figure out how I will use them with my Hordes of the Things army.
all supplies are from Papertrey ink unless otherwise noted
Yes, you read that right: the sleep doesn't really happen succesfully until stage 4! This isn't a clear formula. Yesterday, for example I was between 1 and 2, and today I am doing 1, 2, 3, just like I did for the last 6 months of the relationship, and the first 4 months of my new-found singleness. I manage to find good coping mechanisms on the 'in-between lots of stress' times. So I know I'll get to 4 and 5 agan, just not until the mediation has failed, he's taken me to court, thrown all he has at me and leaned on me to give up my job. Then someone else can make a decision. Scary but true- I'm a realist.
And this one's for dad.
ME: Yes, has he left a price for me? It’s been a couple of weeks now.
Q: A few lucky collectors have received autographs from Yogi, often writing in care of spring training. Mostly, requests are returned with a price list asking for $100 per signed card. What did you learn about Yogi's fan mail?
Hosting a large sporting event potentially offers both direct and indirect economic benefits. Direct benefits include capital and infrastructure construction related to the event, long-term benefits such as lower transportation costs thanks to an improved road or rail network, and spending by tourists who travel from out of town to attend the games. Indirect benefits may include advertising effects that showcase the host city or country as a potential tourist destination or business location in the future and an increase in civic pride, local sense of community, and the perceived stature of the host city or country. But there is also a potential downside, resulting from possible cost overruns, poor land use, inadequate planning, and underutilized facilities.
What are your thoughts on the new material?
I used paper from one of my favorite older collections from GCD Studios
Super easy - just trace the skinny pair of jeans onto the inside out old jeans and run a basting stitch up both legs on the inside seam. Have hubby try them on and adjust the fit, then resew them with a tighter stitch. Cut out the excess and zig zag the cut edges. I might go back and rehem them, as he prefers a shorter pant now, but the effect is good and fits with our budget (i.e., 0$!)
For me, it’s Mark Ruffalo’s Hulk who steals the whole film. He puts such soul into his turn on the screen. Jeremy Renner is excellent and Stellan Skarsgard is terrific too.
Wright and Baxter also discussed trying to blow up the Federal Reserve Bank in Cleveland, as well as attacking a new casino in the city, a NATO summit in Chicago and the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Florida, according to the complaint.
Emily is a bright, beautiful, vivacious and smart young lady who we're always happy to see and always proud to hear about.
My mother has lived the longest of any of her family on both paternal and maternal sides - and all due to the attentiveness by my siblings.
Stearyl Alcohol/Sterols – A mixture of solid alcohols. Can be prepared from sperm whale oil. In medicines, creams, rinses, shampoos, etc. Derivatives: Stearamine Oxide, Stearyl Acetate, Stearyl Caprylate, Stearyl Citrate, Stearyldimethyl Amine, Stearyl Glycyrrhetinate, Stearyl Heptanoate, Stearyl Octanoate, Stearyl Stearate. Alternatives: plant sources, vegetable stearic acid.
Bills with benefits
I hate you because when I complain about these things, you say
All day long, all night long
But we’re wrong. And we know we’re wrong; we’re happy to be wrong, even!
I may work on a spinoff that looks at the war and its aftermath from the Parthian point of view. Or a paranormal, time travel romance with werebies (zombie wolves), if I actually want to sell anything.
Doors to her. “I’m invisibly free,”
I think all of the below issues are more important. They are in need of more support than the current campaigns of the amazing 40,000 twats. I’d like the Head-Twat to please review these new suggestions and leave the rest of us the feck alone. Thank you. Here goes.
1) For aspiring writers, sign up for a local writers’ conference. It’s a great way to dip your pen into the publishing world and meet with editors and learn more writing skills.
I have been congratulated on my "election" by many members of the community, but I don't think that congratulations are in order; I am bitterly disappointed that I have just been selected without having to go through the rigours of the electoral process. I would have preferred to have stood an election, made my case and lost miserably rather than be, yet another shoo in, in the long list of shoo ins to the council!
Peyton – Tennessee
I don't know how old I'll have to get until I actually FEEL
We ran and hiked, Chris running ahead, then waiting as Jess and I caught up, then running some more, through the now muddy trail as the snow started falling harder, covering what must have been amazing views into the canyon with a thick white snow-fog. I struggled with footing, sliding around if I tried to run and slipping backward when I hiked uphill. I put my head down and focused on moving forward, ignoring the snow, and slipping in my headphones. For about three hours I listened to podcasts (a mix of running from Ultra Runner Podcast and Endurance Planet, comedy from Mark Marron and both from the 3 Non Joggers). It helped pass the time and take my mind off the conditions of the trail. We stopped to fill water at a natural spring on the West Rim Trail and I took my gloves off, dipping my bottle and my fingers into the icy spring. It would be another hour before I could feel them again.
Dawkins’s Suggested Mechanisms for Generating a World Ensemble
Carlos - you were terrific. You played with heart and passion and you showed up every day. You didn't whine and complain, you just went out and played where they put you. And I will always smile when I think of you completely getting into Jeff Weaver's head last year when you hit the homer off him. That was just wonderful!
“He encountered several individuals in South Florida who he confided in regarding his criminal activity in the Pittsburgh area. This resulted in the aforementioned information being provided to the Pittsburgh Bureau of Police. During his arrest a large sum of money and two weapons were also recovered by the FBI in Miami,” Michael Rodriguez with the FBI said.
giving man much hope and faith in the future.
Determine Mechanical Design Parameters required for the design as per Customer requirement and/or agreed International Codes.
Acrylic Spray
Industrial furniture. Hospital furniture.
You are now able to bring the pleasure of TV Lifts home easily. Various products are available to satisfy your home entertainment needs with a lot of benefits offered. Large selections of products, three years warranty, low prices but high quality products, and special discounts for three units and more ordered must be good ideas to apply the product and beautify your home or office. Besides, there are many more benefits related to products maintenance. Engineering and customer support offered to you, advertising and networking help and friendly costumer service will guaranty you pleasure of enjoying favorite TV programs for long time. So, what are you waiting for? Just follow the link and find out why you deserve to get the advantages!
Not really....I just like the name of that book:) We experienced an earthquake yesterday. I think the news debated on whether it was a 7.6 or 7.9...all we know is that it was pretty CrAzY! I was on the phone with my mom and Greg was at Telcel paying our cell phone bill in a small shopping center. o, I was talking to my mom and then the house started rocking back and forth....literally....back and forth. The blinds on the windows where smacking the walls and then my mom and I were disconnected. The girls were upstairs and they were screaming and crying but I kept falling because I couldn't keep my balance....okay....that is normally an issue for me anyway but seriously people it was difficult! I just held on to each wall beside the staircase and then grabbed the girls......grabbed the dog....and bolted out the front door....because that's what you are supposed to do in an earthquake right? Go outside....evacuate the building. My husband wasn't home so I was stepping up to the "hero" role!
Rajasthan is not only known for its colorful state or fascinating culture or magnificent architectural masterpieces but it is also known for its wildlife sanctuaries and the finest national parks. It is said that the Rajasthan is blessed with rich diversity in the field of Flora and Fauna. The world famous Ranthambore is also located in the state of Rajasthan. Some of the other famous national parks are Desert National Park, Keoladeo Ghana National Park and Sariska National Park. Here you will get the opportunity to view most rare birds and wild animals. Thousands of enthusiasts of wild life as well as bird lovers from different parts of the world are interested for Rajasthan wild life tour. Every year thousands of tourists visit Rajasthan and the nearby places just to have the wild life tour of Rajasthan. It includes the tour of the following wild life of Rajasthan. They are:
-Cinco de Mayo-
To rush themselves along the slope,
I am absolutely in love with this song! I have been very back and forth about Maroon 5 in the past, only liking about half of each of their previous albums and, while that may still prove to be the case with their upcoming record, the past two singles they have released from this new record have been absolutely stunning! I am definitely loving them moving in this more pop direction because it works brilliantly for them. Adam Levine’s voice sounds so much stronger against a more pop sound and a beat, like on this track, “Moves Like Jagger” and “Stereo Hearts,” and those three tracks, in my opinion, are so much stronger than anything else they’ve done in their career. This song is absolutely gorgeous. It is simultaneously heartbreaking and yet catchy and fun to sing along with. I definitely recommend checking this one out!
This was, without a doubt, the most perfect week ever for weather. Daily highs in the 60's to 70's, with COLD nights. Not a cloud in the sky all week. I think I spent nearly every minute of daylight outside.
We are all potential terrorists
Q: Well the ship is inspired by the Star Trek Enterprise, but it’s not the same. Please explain why it’s different.
Good Morning everyone. I'm home!!!! Vacation was awesome. We were very very fortunate to have been in a place that had snow. Oh it was just like a winter wonderland. Lake Placid NY is absolutely gorgeous. We were able to go snowmobile and tubing, Sean and Richard went skiing on the beautiful White Face Mountain while Sharlene and I stayed safely in the lodge. They also went skating on Mirror Lake which is another sport I could never do so I wandered around on the ice with my hockey stick while Sean shot pucks at me. Hmmm?? Was that even safe? I did take a tumble trying to be cool hitting the hockey puck back to him like I knew what I was doing. haha We walked the quaint little town poking around in the shops, visited this huge ice castle and saw the Olympic High Jump. We were not able to do the luge or bobsled ride as the compound was occupied with athletes training for the winter Olympics. Lake Place was home of the winter Olympic Games held in 1932 and again in 1980. It was an amazing feeling being where such an event was held.
7) A lot of patience
Joyce
Where To Stay:
ps. as always you are all more than welcome to comment or ask for any book I have in my little library. Right now I have Stacia Kane’s Sacrificial Magic up for grabs. It is beyond fantastic.
That’s all for now, hope your Tuesday is fabulous :)
Much the same dynamic has crashed support for measures to cope with climate change. As with peak oil, the AGW alarmists blame not their own exaggerations, but those who debunk them.
Of course, I couldn’t leave a recipe go un-tweaked. I had some Guanciale (Italian cured, but not smoked, jowl bacon) in the fridge so I thought I would substitute some of that for a part of the bacon. The Guanciale brings a different sort of porky goodness to the table – more earthy than bacon. I also swapped out crushed red pepper for the chili paste in the original recipe. And I finished the pasta with a generous hit of freshly grated Parmesan cheese which, I think, really rounded out the dish. And an added plus is that Brussels Sprouts are one of Jeanne’s favorite greens so I’m always happy to help her get her Sprouts fix.
To unravel this web, Maisie must overcome a reluctant Secret Service, discover shameful hidden truths about Britain’s conduct during the war, and face off against the rising powers of the Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei—the Nazi Party—in Britain.
Which is why I instantly fell in love at first sight with Psalm 90:12.
"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet.
It was a wonderful experience, but time goes by...
Getting in: £9 on this occasion, I think you could get £1 off for booking in advance. They have a membership scheme at £20 per annum which gets you some discounts on classes and entry; you might think this worthwhile if you plan to take a lot of classes there.
Exodus 15:2 – The Lord is my strength and my song. (ESV)
SH: That's going to be a pain to clean up.
Since then, we have slowly improved by adding a step or two. I don’t work on it all the time because he is just “so into it.” I make sure I don’t click him unless I ask first, and I also click him for going straight.
I've been out thrifting plenty of times and seen this type of furniture. Very '80s. Rounded edges. Light stain. No hope of ever un-eighties-ifying it. At least, that's what I always thought, but big surprise! I was wrong! If just so happens that if you give it a whitewashed look by applying a light coat of chalk paint and roughing it up a bit, it will turn out very driftwoody and beachy. I really am impressed!
5. Malaysia
“Go ahead, I’m listening,” I said when in fact I was, but only minimally as I could not take my eyes off those behind the raven mask.
and said goodbye,
* Chippy's Choice - inserted 1:5
legends, born by the talent of the composer
Since I allow all extensions, that means CSS and JavaScript also go through Sitecore as well. And, this is the cause of the issue.
God’s plans for our future are found in His Word. God’s promises by the power of the Blood infused with the Holy Spirit give us hope and a future for our life. Let God be God, and He will part the Red Sea in your life. When Moses and Israel stepped out, God performed a miracle for them, and for the first time in history there were footprints seen at the bottom of the Red Sea.
Looking over the USA’s roster for the event, I’m pleased to see that in some areas we have athletes that have made, or are on the cusp of making, major teams getting the opportunity to compete in this type of environment – Rae Edwards, Michael Berry, Tyler Mulder, Kibwe Johnson, Jamie Nieto, Jenn Suhr, Michelle Carter, Aretha Thurmond, Sara Hall, and Virginia Powell chief among them. I would hope that going forward that we would see more athletes of this level competing in these kinds of events; because I don’t think we can get too much “practice under pressure”.
A few went out to help the brook,
I looked in my closet and I may have only had one pair of sensible flat shoes that didn’t hurt my feet. So, I turned my shoe obsession to kitten heels and cute flats and wedges. In my latter 20′s I still wanted to be cute, but I still needed to be able to walk, handle business and not take off my shoes at the end of the day and be mistaken for a ballet dancer from the ankles down (ankles up, I’m all about it).
And so, dearest Lily, today I learned something about Down syndrome as well...
Imagine a hero struggling to defeat his nemesis, only to have a meteor fall from the sky and kill him in the final act. Yes, it gets the job done, but it also subverts whatever narrative went before. That’s how I reacted to Haunted Hill.
Kitchener-Waterloo Collegiate and Vocational School.
Today was a gathering of spinners and knitters at the cutest place, the place is a store front on a main street in Long Beach that has been converted to a charming apartment, the bedroom is a loft space above and my new spinning friends were so charming welcoming me into their home and making me feel like we've been chums for a very long time. These wonderful gentlemen recently rescued two of the cutest dogs, one just two weeks ago was abandoned at a local dog park and came home with them (she is a darling little terrier they've named Lola and she totally captured me - I am putty in her little paws)
Lisa Nandy MP
"Yes, you do that. And every time I see it, I'll pray for her.." I say, even though I'm kinda agnostic. People who are this strong, this kind, just kinda bring out my fledgling faith. They NEED God, not the other way around.
01 Black Shuck
Merry Christmas from all of us at Pearl Girls™! We hope you enjoyed these Christmas "Pearls of Wisdom" from the authors who were so kind to donate their time and talents! If you missed a few posts, I hope you'll be able go back through and read them on this blog over the next few days. If you'd like to keep up with Pearl Girls and our new book project, Mother of Pearl, coming this spring, just click this link and sign up for our newsletter (lower left sidebar).
***If you can help spread the word on your own blogs...please feel free to do so!!
it has been a ride- a good one, so far. i have been able to gel with them and become a part of their team. and, we have had fun so much so that coming together was the best thing that could happen at work. that was how it was going so far.
The sixth figure in line is the bonus figure that I was sent. Sadly, it would seem that he's no longer available, which is a shame, as I like the pose he's in. He's the only figure in this set who looks like he's about to fire his shotgun.
Not a hope. Every time I started one job I was reminded of something else that needed doing, so moved to that, and by the end of the morning had about six different things started and unfinished.
All proceeds from the silent auction will help FLC support community based literacy organizations with their training and program development needs. The auction will be open for bids beginning Wednesday, May 9 at 8:30am and will close on Thursday, May 10 at 3:10pm.
Dr. Joachim Berger, Institute of European History, Mainz
I told your kids I'd kill them,
Graduating
They’re easier than the point ten steps in when the joy of starting wears off. When every new step only confirms the pointlessness of the endeavour. When every line of creation only makes the work more inept and disgraceful. When the exhaustion sets in and every inch burns. Oh, and my personal favourite, when you’re close to the end and thus failure is a million times worse because it will waste everything you’ve done. And when you’re inches from the finish line and the terror of crossing it is slightly more agonizing than crawling on the broken glass in front of it.
Ignoring the 400,000 annual deaths routinely attributed to smoking in order to maintain the collection of Billions of dollars in annual tobacco excise tax clearly demonstrates that any government concern is not about health at all, but with maintaining continued tax collection.
be described as a type of Proto-Thrash/Speed Metal, with the
While Ms. Kuhn liked to hide her many idiosyncrasies, the, oh, let's call her the "toothy spider woman," was not-so subtle when it came time to exhibit the more demented side of her personality. Played by the awesomely named Margareta von Krauss (the second 's' in her last name rules so hard, that I can hardly contain myself), the agile, Bride with White Hair-esque assassin, who shoots sticky goo from her mouth, was the last thing I expected to see cavorting about in an Italian-made horror film. The way she flew through air emitting this terrifying shriek was off-putting, yet electrifying at the same time.
Season: Fall
Else were I ’shamed when hoary age I see,
Of how it is the rock that I cling to when the tempest that is life threatens to throw me off course. Of how now, more than ever, for my friend and her family, it is all they really have. That and one another. The blessing of human companionship. Insaaniyat. And the comfort that brings.
1 cup long-grain white rice
Yeah, poverty is real. And the people that experience it are humans too. Think about it.
When the media decide which stories are “big,” they go for the tried-and-true narrative they know the best — the shocker that sells the most papers: A middle-class child, usually white, abducted by a stranger. Those are the stories that go national, even international That’s what the dramas on TV show, too.
Alight is offering one lucky reader a plus size top (of Alight’s choosing).
The reason Averil must write a bio is because she recently signed with an agent. After much squealing and jumping around and group hugging, I thought it wise to tell you all because there may be a secret erotica fan or two hanging around here. Please take a minute and go congratulate Averil on her good news.
Both “Rover” and “Mission” are still in development, but Pattinson has a busy year ahead of him. He travels to the Cannes Film Festival to promote David Cronenberg’s mind-tripping “Cosmopolis” and closes out “The Twilight Saga” as Edward Cullen one last time in “Breaking Dawn – Part 2.” Also available on VOD beginning Friday is the titillating drama “Bel Ami,” which opens in Los Angeles, New York and select cities June 8.
In addition, Costco also has Thrive freeze dried meats on sale with 3 cans of chicken and 3 cans of beef for just $159.99 plus free shipping. I absolutely prefer canning your own meat to freeze dried, but if you are determined to go this direction, this is a great price. Purchasing these cans of meat from Thrive itself would cost you $286.52.
Much pleading and the girls eventually return my six pack and i am contented,These are the moment that make being a dad awesome.
THE MANHATTAN TRANSFER:
@Replies
Of your limbic rose tongue,
I'm into little details. We don't always have money for major makeovers (although I'd love to gut the basement and start fresh). But I find the little things make the difference. When we first moved in, we removed all of the ugly brass door hinges and knobs (many were coated in chipped layers of paint) from interior and exterior doors. We gave the doors a fresh coat of paint, added new silver hinges and knobs and each door looked brand new. It made the whole house seem more modern, like a new-build. After I saw this post about spray painting doorknobs (okay, I re-pinned it on Pinterest), I decided I could tackle a hardware project with paint, instead of buying new.
I finally broke down and had the surgery on my foot I have been avoiding for a year and a half. Joy of all joys. I did only have the crutches for a week and now can walk without them. I get to keep the lovely boot for about another 3-4 weeks. Then some physical therapy (more Joy) and then back to exercise!!
However they argued that the shooting of the two men as they lay dying on the ground was evidence of a shoot-to-kill policy.
The novel has four main narrators all of which are united by a desk. This piece of furniture holds an unusual amount of power over those who encounter it, there is something totemic about it, coming to represent different things to each of them. The first of these is Nadia, a novelist in her fifties, who was given the desk after the end of a relationship left her in a virtually unfurnished apartment and a single encounter with a Chilean poet called Daniel Varsky found her then guardian to his donated furniture when he left for a trip back to Chile. Having shared their love of poetry and interest in each other a relationship of sorts continues with Varsky's postcards but when these dry up and it is discovered that Varsky has been arrested, torutured and killed by Pinochet's goons the desk remains with the rest of his furniture as a haunting reminder of him 'sometimes I would look at it all and become convinced that it amounted to a riddle, a riddle he had left me that I was supposed to crack.'
Firm Look Forward:
Imprisoned for ‘mischief by fire’
The Journal of the American Medical Association advocates the use of kola over other stimulants, because it is not addictive and does not lead to depression. Because kola nut is also a diuretic, its use has been suggested for those with renal diseases, cardiac or renal edema and rheumatic and rheumatoid conditions.
I am a deeply flawed being and I know I am not like the many people I meet. It has taken 5 grueling months of conditioning, rest and peace to get back to this point – to clear the collateral damage amassed over the last 5 plus years. But now that I am so close to my goals, I find I can’t help but jump the gun on taking on more things and looking ahead. So I thought it would be interesting to write a retrospective.
I'm going to stop now and focus on getting in more water. That will help too and I'm getting all kinds of exercise from running to the bathroom every 5 minutes or so. I must be losing a lot of water today.
We had more than enough whipped coconut cream for our strawberries in syrup that we dipped a few other fruits as well. This topping is so versatile, in coffees, hot chocolates, on cupcakes, or pancakes, pretty much worth trying on anything sweet!
Moon could feel Chav Harry's thundering feet behind him as he sped further inland.
-Good morning folks it's another #CTWW follow the gang and if you're not doing it everyday make an effort today of change for the better.
Here’s a great shot of Titan and Saturn acquired by Cassini on May 6, 2012 just after a pass by the haze-covered moon. It’s a color-composite made from images taken in Cassini’s red, green and blue color channels, and the resulting image was color adjusted a bit to appear more “Saturny”.
Re-make of the 1978 video nasty in which the victim of a brutal rape exacts horrific revenge on her attackers.
As electrically-charged plasma.
Assemblyman Jim Brennan and others have proposed a reduction of at least 30 percent, while architect Jonathan Cohn has suggested a figure of 5 million square feet. The ESDC would override local zoning for this project, which bypasses city land use review.
Dies used are Magnolia Lace & swirl Dies, and Nestablities Oval & Scallop Oval
Do I think Gibson should be arrested for these comments? Not the ones he made privately, though definitely for the ones he made directly to his ex since that’s clearly abusive. But it is telling that a large segment of people have excused these words and are unwilling to even condemn them morally if not legally.
i definately think the nightmare boxes will do well in stinky old standby, and also a few other things i have been thinking about.
a small town pauses...
provides securities with regard to the royalty payments. And in item 106:
Unzipping the file will create a directory with the name "BCS." Open the file "index.htm" inside (note: it looks terrible in Safari. Use Firefox or Chrome, and make sure your pop-up blocker is disabled.) Okay, you can go to town generating barrels, sacks, and crates of stuff. Neat enough. But wait! There's more!
Now, Laura says, she regrets it — and feels sorry for Hallelujah singer Alexandra.
We don’t have to live larger than life lives to change the world. Every act of kindness, every kind word, every single conversation we have, is full of possibility. We can’t know how even the smallest things we do may impact the world around us.
"Thee shall state thy intentions you demon."
While this dried I searched my bits and bobs box for spare doors and found two identical ones ...........perfect !
Cool on rack.
So far, Anglo communities across Texas have refused to step in for any sort of mediation. “I don’t know what started this, but I’m not going anywhere near this with a ten-foot pole. I’ve taken on all sorts of civil rights cases through my life, but HELL NO to this one.” tweeted Michael Smith, an Anglo attorney based in San Antonio.
I will be teaching how to turn your quilt top into a completed quilt (making your backing, basting, hand quilting and binding) at Treehouse Textiles in May and June. xo
Each box contains 12 plastic frames/spruces with 324 total parts. Each Spruces gives you plenty of options including 6 heads (4 different versions), 5 weapon choices (right handed), 4 left arms and 3 leg options.
Sundays are fairly routine in the Moore household. Routine, but never dull. We head out for coffee or breakfast, then stroll to the local markets to get the fruit and veg for the week. Autumn is great for strolls. Which is good as last year we got rid of our car. We live in a place that is in walking distance from 90% of the things we need, and if we can’t walk somewhere, we can normally get there by train or bus or bike. And if we can’t, then we tend not to bother.
In 1994 Thurman appeared in Quentin Tarantino’s Pulp Fiction, which grossed over $107 million on a budget of only $8 million. Thurman was nominated for the Best Supporting Actress Oscar the following year. She became one of Tarantino’s favorite actresses to cast; he told Time magazine in 2003 that she was “up there with Garbo and Dietrich in goddess territory.
Have any of you ever had a case of the melty Summer eye? You know... when you blink and get those lovely mascara lines either above or below your eyes? I get it all the time when I forget to apply water proof mascara in the morning. I like this waterproof option from Neutrogena. The brush keeps clumps at bay and it makes your lashes extra full.
 Able to trust God and others
"And in conclusion, I trust Miss Nelson and her attorneys will understand that while I may have nothing but the highest regard for her as a human being, it is the slapstick number she proffers six times a week on television that needs some examination. I think women are, uh, groovier than that."
Jurisdictions such as the E.D. Virginia have been popular for their "rocket-docket" efficiency in processing cases (although not as much recently). While being quick, the E.D. Va. was generally known as being a no-nonsense jurisdiction, with no blatant leanings toward the "pro-patent" or "anti-patent" sides. However, I'm starting to question whether the same thing can be said about the E.D. Texas. In a recent conversation with fellow practitioners, someone pointed out that, over the last 5 years or so, the district has very rarely invalidated any of the patents asserted in court, and the court is a veritable darling of the patent holding companies that love to sue people there (even the personal injury attorneys are getting in on the action).
Damn you, Junior. Damn you for growing and being secure enough to seek your own identity and adventures. Damn you for not needing me as much and for morphing into a content giraffe-hippo man-boy.
i also really NEED my license, i can;t live life without a license or a vehicle how i want to, its utterly IMPOSSIBLE, unless i lived in NYC of course -_-
Well well well, if you were one of those people who got an iPad for Christmas and thought, “Well, thanks!” but thought to yourself, “Too bad the next one is coming out in a few months”, then perhaps you have another viable option.
Come morning time I did a bit of rethinking and pulled it back up. Now was the time to start writing down the details. Within an hour I had the basics completed with the central conflict ready to roll.
"I said, give me your pistol. I'll not leave you armed with my girls." Her father stretched out his hand.
Friday Night Toddler Fight
He went on to say that playing El Capitan might aggravate his hammy injury and he could be out for all eternity. The squad is more than capable to make up for El Capitan’s absence so I believe that El Capitan should sit his arse tight and enjoy the game.
In case people don’t want to listen to the podcast, then I’ve got some things for you to read below.
3. Don’t be ashamed or scared to show the world how much you love your other half.
There is a new drug on the market now, Benlysta. It is the first drug in 50 years to be approved for lupus treatment. We are trying to get the insurance to pay for it because it is so expensive. At this point, it is my only hope of ever getting this disease in remission again.
It’s that time of the year again, so first off another big HAPPY HALLOWEEN! In all caps! XD!
Propitiate Earth and Ceres, the mothers of the crops,
*insert silent screams of joy here as I tried to keep my composure*
But that’s for another post. Right now, let’s just take one quick glimpse at the Psychology Today piece, by a woman named Susan Newman, who writes:
-Eliabeth Hawthorne
Let’s go back to the alpine pastures… how very beautiful… those little wooden houses up there, with the little restaurants – and souvenir shops… I can’t tell for sure – we were never allowed in… that’s what we had taken our rucksacks for. Instead of drinking the cold spring water up there we had to carry our water and food up which didn’t ease the pain – at least not mine…
Pickles. Yes, you read that correctly. With every meal, except most European food, comes a small bowl of pickles, tsukemono. You can eat them while eating your food, you can eat them after or you can eat them as an appetizer, seeing as they often come first. The pickles range from rapeseed flowers to plums to carrots. I’m sure most of you have had gari already, y’know, the (sometimes) pink condiment for sushi. “Ginger” in layman’s terms. With every meal comes these salty vegetables and fruits, and every convenience stores has them in loads.
1. Cook the rice and prep all of the ingredients. *Optional: Season the rice with sesame seed oil and sesame seeds*
These days I have music on a variety of formatsa few thousand CD albums, some vinyl (but not a lot), some boxed up cassettes, and about 35 days of music on my iPod (which is not all my collection by a long shot). I’m a bit of a muso, I like my music, music journalism (like Mojo Magazine), and stereo (I have CD, and amplifier separates). And after a long way round we begin to get to my point.
The winners of my Careers Mums giveaway have been decided upon, come on down....or over or up...and send me your details please...
The dessert buffet.
Some downtown residents have expressed outrage that they’ve actually been asked to leave their homes during the summit as well. This comes out of fears that the summit might cause major riots. In letters to residents from the Chicago Emergency Management Office residents were told that it is strongly recommended that “all residents find places to stay” during the summit in the event of a riot or the potential of one near the meeting place. Apartment residents in the downtown area have been told that ALL access doors will be locked including the parking garage doors! The letter residents have received says this will be done “For everyone’s safety.” Safety WTF? The letter further states, “we will be instructing anyone in the building to stay in his or her unit.” Ok and if there is a fire in one of the “units” then what? People get trapped in the fire because they can’t find the BOOZO to unlock the doors?! This is BULLSHIT!!
I don't share these views.
About the month of March every year I get the fever. No, not “Spring Fever.” I get the “Fishing Fever.” The fact is, I’ve had this malady since I was a small child. Since both my grandfathers were avid fishermen, I suppose this disease is genetic. Whatever the reason, I’ve got it and got it bad.
My mom and I weren't terribly close. I was placed in state care/foster care at the age of 11, so I didn't get the chance to really spend most of my childhood with her. However, she was my mom. I loved her. And I know she loved me too, but never could show it as much as any other person. Still, I felt it.
Purchase price $110, which includes Priority Shipping with Delivery Confirmation.
“It’s nothing like mine!” he’ll say. “Look at it!”
My husband had been aware of these bouts of tears. He is such a supportive and wonderful husband. He offered more help, more chocolate, more time for listening but this was not enough. His caring, gentle demeanor made me feel guilty. I felt guilt that he has to be married to a monster like me, guilt that I couldn't snap out of this funk, and guilt that I am not an ideal wife.
I'll keep u updated, but hopefully with bed rest I can keep bubs as is for a while longer.
Heat oven to 450 and bake for 15 minutes; reduce heat to 375 for an additional 30 minutes. During the last 15 mins. add approximately 2 C of sharp cheddar cheese.
As you can see this is my little beauty blog. I love cosmetics, skin care and have a particular fondness for nail polish. I have no official sponsorship and unless otherwise noted every item reviewed is purchased by me with my hard earned cash. I do not receive compensation for my reviews. Reviews are thoughtful and honest and written with the average (but equally amazing) woman in mind.
You can better follow your positive feelings and heart guided wisdom to be able to make wise decisions and communicate well with others rather than being misguided by your emotions. Additionally, you are better able to feel and share the love you have with others which makes life more fulfilling.
It will be about 1,100 slides total and run time will be
Pale Peach is a brightening peach and Evening Rose is a dusky rose.
Last night a tiny baby squirrel was discovered chirping and freaking out in our back yard. There were about 10 kids back there playing and shouting and banging sticks together when they noticed him dancing along the ground under the hedge crying for help and comfort. Fortunately my friend held the hoard at bay. I wandered out to inquire about the commotion and the poor baby ran straight up to me, climbed into my hand, tucked his head into my bosom and closed his eyes. Unfortunately, Matt and my friend conspired against me, Matt getting a box together and my friend greedily making off with him at a remarkable speed.
Just then, I saw this old man walking by. He looked a little lonely and sad. And it made me think if life itself was a suffering. If it was, I don’t want to be alive at his age. I don’t want to endure all these. But at the same time, I didn’t want to leave this world alone. And the moment when I have to take my earphone off came. I felt a little lost and the feeling lingers.
World War I Memorial Park, North Attleboro, MA on Sunday April 29th, 1pm. I was at the park with my child, who has autism, and she was playing in the sand box. It is a lovely park, but I stay close to her because I have to make sure she is safe and being safe to the other children. She is high functioning: most people don't even know she has autism.
This card was created using stamp from: Magnolia "Garden Tilda"; Paper: cardstock - Bazzill ; DP - graphic45 "Little Darlings"; Tag - graphic45 "Little Darlings Tags2"; Tattered Angels Glimmer Mist "Vintage Pink". Ribbon, button, yarn and lace are from my stash. This image was stamped with Memento ink and colored with copic markers.
H - I'd like to apologise to our readers for the way it petered out towards the end of last year. Between flu and the holidays, the JB blog was a little neglected...plus the comic itself, as it nears completion, is now taking up more and more of our time. We do have two very interesting Around the Table discussions coming up, however, with writer Amal El Mohtar and artists Brain and Wendy Froud. I'd promised to get both of them up online before Christmas...but I failed, due to flu and general holiday stress. I shall now get them up just as soon as possible, so that's something for our readers to look forward to. Other than that, the blog will continue to track our progress as we near our comic's completion date...which you have just set in stone, you fool!
Tellingly she said:
Healthy belief: It’s not my job in life to impress anyone. I am the only one who can judge how much progress I have made with my creativity.
reform and change the way this country is administered. And I have no
Annie is performing in two different dances including a hip-hop piece and a Burlesque styled jazz piece. Along with dancing she has the responsibility to mouth the words of the song so it will appear like she is singing it.
Matthew 18:21-22 Then Peter came and said to Him, Lord, how often shall my brother sin against me and I forgive him? Up to seven times? Jesus said to him, I do not say to you, Up to seven times, but, Up to seventy times seven.
CAGE: And now they have this idea that sacrificing my granddaughter will bring about Hell on earth, which is ridicul- Oh look, we’re here!
April 29 was apparently Say Nice Things About Michele Glance Rooney Day, because encomiums are offered by yet another lone-post blog. No book sale this time, but Super Writer is happy to describe how she (or he) Was Motivated By Michele Glance Rooney. "I had the good fortune of seeing Michele Glance Rooney speak at a writer's convention, and I feel newly determined and dedicated to finishing my book project...I am half-way through chapter 8 and I've figured out how the hero is finally going to excape [sic] from the wrath of Mr. Bunstable." (No, no, not Mr. Bunstable! Please...I'll do anything...AIEEEEEE!)
if i calculated this journey from start to finish, it's as if i've always been on it, i just seemed to hit pause at times.
So with all that time, I should be doing so much, right? The words should be pouring out. I'm back at work now, part time, so that fills some of my week. But there is still plenty of time for words. Oh, I've written some, OK quite a lot recently, but they've stopped. Gone right off. I need to get back into some sort of routine now, find a work/life/writing balance.
Hitler and Stalin, at their better moments, would just barely tolerate some churches remaining open, but would not tolerate any competition with the state in education, social services, and health care.
When they were finished working on Bryce they finally brought her over to me and I put her on my bare chest and covered her with a blanket. Her breathing became normal and she almost instantly pinked right up. I checked her out and she was so perfect and so cute and so chubby. Brenna and Brendon came over and Mom took our first family picture. I nursed her right away and she latched on like a pro. After cuddling her for a while, Heather took her to check her one last time and Cindy gathered some clothes for me and told me I could get dressed in the bathroom. I got up and was still bleeding and made my way to the bathroom. I wanted to take a shower and when I got in the bathroom I started to feel very dizzy and had to sit down. Cindy had Brendon get me some food and water and I sat and ate for a while. I was nervous about the way I was feeling but Cindy reminded me that I had just been thru a 60+ hour labor, hadn’t slept in two nights, threw up everything I had eaten in the last two days and just pushed a 10 pound baby out of me. I remember nodding and saying, “Oh yeah.” LOL After a while I attempted to get in the shower again but had to get out immediately because I almost passed out. They had to give me a shot to help with the bleeding. It took a little while but I started to feel much better.
In normal words, people took longer to get good at something if they were feeling bad about anything.
Give me a field where the unmow’d grass grows,
Now that I actually have a job (my dream job, as a cleaning lady in a kindergarten) my weekends have taken on extra significance. I used to be happy eating a little bread and jam, but not anymore... now I have to clean out my fridge and eat huge, epic, brunch-like feasts on Saturdays and Sundays. It just makes my celebration that I don't have to use a mop that day all the more enjoyable. This weekend, I made tofu scramble for the first time in, it feels like, years. (In fact, I think it has been years...) This is partly due to the fact that I *finally* found some local tofu that doesn't have the consistency of feta cheese, so now I have to eat it everyday in some form. The above pictured foray back into scrambled tofu territory brought me back to my college days,when me and my 3 roommates would often cook together and tofu scrambles were pretty much standard on weekends. (This was before I mastered pancakes.) Just a bit of tofu, some red peppers and onions, and a bit of turmeric and thyme, and you are cooking with gas. (Or electric. Whatever.)
37. Buff Medways - Strood Lights
This post consists of some random photos taken during my second visit there (girls' trip post will have to wait) on my birthday.
4. Research breed health issues. This is becoming a bigger problem due to improper breeding. Every breed may have congenital health issues, but some may be more severe than others. For example, German Shepherds are known to have issues with hip dysplasia, while some smaller dog breeds may have problems with their eyes.
The Edinburgh Marathon is getting ever closer. The training is going ok and I’m feeling well. My hip niggle seems to have settled with some CrossFit strength training which is a relief. The body is almost prepared but there are other things that I need to consider: travel arrangements, childcare, marathon outfit…
and I think we're all very ready to launch into summer!
Every Saturday he appeared there. I knew, because I worked at the cafe six days a week, and it was only on the Saturday that I’d see him. He’d stroll over to his spot just after lunch and pass the remaining hours until sunset, in comfortably reclined fashion. When he walked past the cafe in the evening, he’d always tip his hat to me like an old-fashioned cowboy. I’d stop sweeping the verandah for a moment and watch him leave. ‘Evening ma'am’, he’d say and I’d smile.
Often you find either eumelanin or pheomelanin in hair, but not both. Adjacent patches of hair follicles may show a very precise split between the two pigment types. This effect is most obvious in the patterns and markings of other mammals, such as leopards, tigers, and certain breeds of dog. Low levels of pheomelanin (in the absence of eulamelanin) are characteristic of cream-colored hair in many animals.
Yesterday Malaysiakini journalist Koh Jun Lin was arrested along with several other members of the press while covering the rally at Dataran Merdeka, Kuala Lumpur.
However, the 99% concept isn’t without its flaws.
Despite a “voluntary handshake agreement” stating the industry would not use diesel fuel and a legal exception, Halliburton used 7.2 million gallon of diesel fuel and BJ Services injected 11,555,538 gallon of diesel fuel into the ground between 2005 and 2009. The gas industry is challenging the federal legislator’s claim that they violated the law. Industry is arguing that there were no regulations in place despite their agreement to not use diesel fuel in fracking. In fact, 32 million gallons of diesel fuel was used in 19 states, of which half was injected in Texas, and one million gallons or more was used in the following states: Oklahoma 3.3 million gallons; North Dakota 3.1 million gallons; Louisiana 2.9 million gallons; Wyoming 2.9 million gallons; and Colorado 1.3 million gallons. It is difficult to believe or construe the oil and gas industry as anything other than a sociopathic criminogenic operation.
3. pages will be posted on my blog.
Whether you pass or fail is also irrelevant. The first door, through which most people exit, leads to an airport departure lounge where you are flown home, never to return. Why would you want to? The middle door leads to a long tunnel which eventually leads back into the largest of the three rooms where you will find a desk with your name on it and you will be paid to mark papers. You will not have learnt what a scrunglebob is, nor will you have seen anymore of the country. The third door, through which very few pass, leads to the hire care.
OÍ FAMÍLIA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Susan Slade (Delmer Daves, 1961)
» 11/23 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
Marv laughed outright and gave an elaborate bow. His green and red plaid vest hugged his trim waist. “At least you can’t say ‘you’re a dead man if you don’t tell us where the papers are’.”
By Liz Goodwin, National Affairs Reporter
* Derrick Delmore
The V of VH1 verifies the veracity of its usage. The VH1 rests on a cube: a vestige of the vole’s viatical vow to venerate the “perfect ashlar”. The V is a symbol of the virgin, the H is a symbol of the Emperor, and the 1 is a penis. Variform Masonic symbolism replaces the G in the vaginal oblong square, formed by the compass and square, with the Hebrew Yod; a tongue of fire representing virility. This is no verbigeration of out-dated vernacular.
I’ve always loved children’s books and still regularly read some of my old favourites, including Richmal Crompton’s ‘William’ books and Tove Jansson’s ‘Moomins’. When my children were growing up I discovered the US writer Beverly Cleary and her wonderful ‘Ramona’ series. Later I came across Jacqueline Wilson, and wished so much she had been writing when I was young. I suppose I was inspired by all of these, though I’d give anything to be a tenth as good as them.
The purpose behind this great assembly in Jerusalem was that the Jews which were of Asia stirred up all the people. They of Gentile cities knew Paul and had followed him from place to place doing much the same thing. They were Jews, religious Jews, who were examples of those provoked to jealousy. They refused to understand Paul’s ministry among the Gentiles.
A parent, like a leader in a company or in the Army, has to earn those things - without ever being attached to whether or not they receive them, or when, or how. They have to be willing to do as artisans had to do hundreds of years ago when building cathedrals. They have to trust that they may never see the ultimate benefit of their work, but to still have confidence that their work had meaning and that the quality of their work was critical to the overall beauty of the end product.
Careful consideration my behind. They wanted the story and the scoop because it was down with the Agenda, and anything else is secondary.
As I am finding this move to Perth as a new chapter in my life and lots of new beginnings, I think my home should also reflect this.
But this little number? Brace yourself, because I’m not sure there is even a word to describe it. Delicious just doesn’t cut it…
I had occasion to stop by the Redneck Central General Horspital and Sock Emporium a few days ago, visiting Mum (she was in with a generally non-threatening by mighty unpleasant ailment). I drove around and around the parking lot before deciding to bend reality a little and park in the clergy spaces. Now, don't fret; I AM clergy, an ordained minister in fact. It's just that I wasn't really there for clerical purposes, unless you consider clean frilly-unmentionables as spiritually uplifting, which, now that I think of it, I do, so there.
Jack (6 years 6 months): Dad was having difficulty serving Jack his shish kabob prompting Jack to ask, “Can’t ya just eat it off the stick?” (#240)
Addy Giordano is out to prove she’s no ambulance chaser when she lands the biggest personal injury case of her legal career. She has her work cut out for her though; Addy’s client was in a minor rear-end accident but is claiming a major injury that is supposed to cause the worst pain known to man.
Encouraged by his parents, this special young boy with an incomplete right arm loved sports, especially baseball. With the help of his father he learned how to throw and catch using a unique single hand technique. He practiced day and night throwing the ball against the garage until he wore out the door. As he grew, he developed into a strong and skilled athlete.
What an emotional night! Teary and touching! Whew!! The celebrities cried, some of the audience cried, and so did I. This season has some excellent dancers who keep getting better. I don't want any of them to go! My prediction of the one it might be is Gavin.
We went there instead of giving a birthday party and it was well worth the money. I cook 5 times a week if not more. To me vacation is when I do not have to think about what for dinner and standing in the kitchen to prepare. On the day we got there and the following day it rained, but it didn’t matter to us. It felt good to lounge in the hotel room and watch TV without worrying about the time.
The elimination of the hyphenation that is placed to distinguish White Americans from African (Black), Chinese, Arab, Indian, Japanese and every other race would be an immense triumph for Americans. That hyphenation continues to put a space between the races that are naturally born and the races that have chosen to become Americans. And we are that, Americans that have contributed enormously to the growth of the great United States. If each of our histories were celebrated everyday and our children were taught to value all histories, contributions, and differences we wouldn't have to wonder what Dr. King would think about us today. We live in different times and we now play on a different game field from or ancestors and we need different
Parents - please tell me what you think about this. If you came to me for advice then found out I had no children, would you disregard it? Be honest!
I am soooo ready for Spring!
But we know that’s only half the story, don’t we my faithful partner? There are horror films which cheerfully make horror the end in and of itself. Horror films where artistic merit is the furthest thing from anyone’s mind. These are the films that appeal directly to the wrong thinking individual. Horror movies that are in other words pure junk food.
This past week I experienced two embarrassing temper tantrums in public.
I've been writing things forever, though the seriousness with which I took them has varied. I came up playing in punk rock bands and, because I though I was the next coming of Kurt Cobain, always wanted to sing and write pseudo-impressionistic lyrics. Around 20 or so, I discovered the Beats, Bukowski and The Perks of Being a Wallflower. You can imagine what that sounded like. I started thinking seriously about writing and stories when I was 24, riding rails around Europe. I'd find copies of Nick Hornby and Palahniuk and the like at hostels, devour them on a train-ride then trade them out in the next hostel. Shortly after, I found The Velvet and their authors (Will Christopher Baer, Stephen Graham Jones and Craig Clevenger.) Coupled with unearthing Garcia Marquez and James M Cain--like they were this Rosetta Stone of the soul buried just for me to discover when I was ready--that three-month period of maniacal reading pretty much blew my conception of literature from its hinges. It became real, tactile, something I could weld together with the bits clunking around inside my skull.
This is me.
Luckily he above the line in every group except communication. He still signs, we're still adding new ones, but otherwise vocal communication is null. It makes me sad as both kids have always excelled in the motor skills until now. I'm not going to have a pity party, because I know it's nothing we have done, yet I still feel we've failed him. Yes, he's my baby and I don't want to see him grow up, so to speak, but I feel terrible for this happening and somewhat frustrated. Okay, now that that is over... We told the doctor of the recent eval and the outcome was not good on communication. He feels our frustration as his son is at the same age and having the same issues. We also told him that Leanne wasn't too concerned because he is achieving his other motor skills in a timely fashion.
~OR~
FIRST COURSE: ‘Chicago Style’ Charcuterie & Fromage
Should it be argued that politicians cannot be regarded as a representative, let us look instead at individuals who are or were expected to achieve their positions by merit and endeavour.
He gave me a little wormy hug.
When Tom and Hester's scrapyard aircraft is pursued by rocket-firing gunships, they seek sanctuary in the speeding ice city of Anchorage. But it is no safe refuge. Devastated by plague and haunted by ghosts, Anchorage is heading for the Dead Continent. This second instalment of Reeve's critically acclaimed Mortal Engines quartet plunges readers once again into a treacherous post-apocalyptic world.
On the crazy copics club there's a card sending going on and this is my entry. The person has received this card, so now I can share it with you all.
Probably the scorpion/spider/crabs at the bottom left and right.
The more I think about it, the more I am convinced that the average Okada man exists in a parallel world, or at least exists (mentally) somewhere between the real world and super Mario bros, or the game version of F1 motor racing. Unfortunately, in game world, when you die, you are given an extra life to embark on another show of stupidity till you die again!
Their woman or their man,
There was a time where it was awkward , not knowing whether to be happy or concerned — but I’ve learned you have to be happy. It’s a blessing. If you’ve ever known a soon-to-be father and looked into his eyes, you can sense the excitement. You can also sense the worry, mostly masked by the warmth of elation, but who wouldn’t be worried about bringing an unknowledgeable life into a world like this? How do you explain racism to a six year old? How do you justify war? Death? How do you refrain from breaking the face of the first boy that breaks her heart? How do you explain love? Divorce? How do you say I love you from the inside of a prison window? How do you teach them to play nice when others won‘t? How do you learn to trust letting them walk out the door without you?
Last week, I painted a tall tree in a little girl's bedroom, to match her new owl/flower themed bedding. I loved the bright colors in her bedding set (this "Owl Nature Bedding", from Target), and had fun replicating a fun look for her tree!
Malt: English Pale
The shore was not patrolled here. There was no lifeguard to blow a whistle, no prison guard to tell him to keep in line, no policeman to ask for his identity. He swam straight out, turning on his back from time to time to look out at the receding shore. The farther he swam, the more the hotels and apartment houses along the lake shore seemed to tower up. The panorama widened until he could see as far north as the Loop and as far south as the steel mills. Then he dived down as far as he could go. The water grew colder and colder the farther down he went. When the pressure on his eardrums grew painful, he turned and started back toward the surface, which looked from below like a round, shining circle. He broke the surface with a splash and then floated with his feet out and his hands behind his head. He could see nothing but the sky, and, with water in his ears, he could hear nothing but the liquid sounds of his own faint movement. He felt detached and isolated in a world of his own.
My Marine is doing better than you imagined as a Combat Photographer and is getting to see some pretty awesome sites! He emails and sends you pictures all the time. This helps you feel more connected and helps you not miss him so much. Yes, you still miss having that day to day connection with him but it is getting easier! He's been a Marine now for a little more than a year and it feels wonderful being able to tell people that your son is a Marine! You raised a good person!
At the stables she knows what to do. She knows where I keep my tack, and she has her own bucket there for us to fill with hay. So we walk around and she holds her bucket up for the horses to have a snack. She’s so serious that we reach every horse.
Welcome to my world—the America nobody wants to talk about where citizens’ rights are abrogated by the least petty officer. The good news is that I have the phone number of the petty officers’ boss’s boss. That, too, is my America.
Both these cultures of antiquity, like so many other pagan civilisations, often had a lax attitude towards sex – especially sex outside marriage. Many did not seem to care whether men had sex with women or men, and there is some evidence to show that love between people of the same sex was often acknowledged. But, it was also known that relationships between people of the same sex, between men and their mistresses, between young unmarried people, between clients and prostitutes, etc, were not the same as marriage. As Dr Greg Popcak argues in his excellent article, Gay Marriage: Not a Religious Issue (PsychCentral - please read it!), even the ancient Babylonian Code of Hammurabi differentiated between sexual or even loving relationships / friendships and marriage – that state in which it is fitting for children to be born and raised. As Dr Popcak points out, these ancient cultures were not – on the whole – what we might term ‘homophobic’, they just knew that marriage is something that can only exist between a man and a woman. In the same way, the Church – or those of other faiths and non who oppose ‘gay marriage’ – is not being ‘homophobic’. Those opposed to 'same-sex marriage' are merely defending reason and truth, as well as the need to remember the real purpose of marriage.
… is full of surprises.
Please share! I have loved hearing your responses to previous questions, and I find the variety of opinions fascinating. Happy Monday to you all!
And yay, probably the worst possible way of hiding a body: when your husband comes home, make sure NOT to just leave the body in the empty attic where no one even goes, and DO drag it across the hallway where it could be very visible if he happened to walk past at the wrong time. You’re so smart, Julia!
Acting wise Mark Wahlberg plays Marky Mark (Actually Chris Farraday), and your enjoyment is going to differ depending on how much mileage you get from the persona of Mr Wahlberg. Kate Beckinsale (Kate Farraday) is one of the better actors in this movie, but honestly I was amazed more at how they made her look like the girl next door. Props to the make up department. Ben Foster (Sebastian Abney) is the real winner in this movie, and yet again plays a layered flawed character, and make me wish he was put in more movies as the main lead as he can bring so much to a character even if the script doesn’t deserve it. I pray one day that a Heat like movie will be made, and Ryan Gosling and Ben Foster can play opposite each other, because that would just be perfect. All the other actors are a miss, either not given enough time, or just played horribly. In particular Giovanni Ribisi as the main villain Tim Briggs. I’m not sure what happened to this guy, but he’s playing the same redneck character he always seems to play these days, and what’s worse he plays it absolutely laughable. It’s a shame because the man does have talent.
Ok, you can watch one more video before you go.
But in the work that I do, I see families who care for each other, who physically care for their relatives or friends and neighbours, who take in the children of friends and bring them up, who make meals for people who can't cook for themselves, who do cleaning, washing, shopping, give lifts to people. Some of them work full-time and dedicate themselves to others in the evenings or weekends. Other people claim a meagre carers allowance. I've seen people care for relatives through terminal illness, care for people in their families with chronic disabilities. I probably don't need to keep giving examples...
It's also one of the first covers I knew I wanted to dress like. I suppose this outfit is a bit literal, I was hoping to be a bit more abstract with it, but if I keep trying to find the perfect match I'll never get a move on with posting in general or this little series! I've been feeling lately that I want to wear more complicated outfits--more layers and things as though being able to find the perfect arrangement of clothing and accessories will make me seem an expert dresser. But most of the time, I don't really know what exactly to do to achieve what I have, vaguely, in mind.
gift.
I faithfully loved you and cared for you living, I think we shall
In short, the album wasn't Love Junk volume 2. It was better, but it is not what most people expected/wanted. Ain't that the same with many bands?
The perfect movie to watch on ones 1970s era Panasonic.
Phone: 800-250-6622; 972-488-7200
I'm off to bed and I'll have to say, after a full day, I'm so glad I get to walk into my clean room and climb into my made bed.
Cid Wymann, a scrappy kid fighting to survive a harsh upbringing in Queens, NY, is a almost a prisoner in his own home. His only escape is sneaking to Times Square to see Errol Flynn movies full of swordplay and duels. He s determined to become a great fencer, but after his family disintegrates, Cid spends five years at an orphanage until his injured war-veteran cousin Lefty arrives from England to claim him. Lefty teaches Cid about acting and stage combat, especially fencing, and introduces him to Nikolai Varvarinski, a brilliant drunken Russian fencing master who trains Cid. By 16, Cid learns to channel his aggression through the harsh discipline of the blade, eventually taking on enemies old and new as he perfects his skills. Evocative of The Book Thief with a dash of Gangs of New York, Open Wounds is the page-turning story of a lost boy's quest to become a man.
When everyone says 'How in the name of GOD did you let that piece of crow bile even become a distant half-thought in the bit of your mind where you keep the livid memories of seeing your dad rimming your mum on the kitchen table?' That's when you know you're right. It's the rule I follow every single day, my friends.
Thanks for your cooperation and your understanding.
To end all the endless questions, I dialed K’s number. When I told her, she was horrified.
Grace is an awkward character and one whose motives are never entirely clear. She is certainly hard to like but endears herself to the reader nevertheless. By the end of the book I wasn’t sure exactly how I felt about her and the decisions she made which, of course, leads me to wonder just what people would do if placed in such a predicament.
We were out at the park last night, enjoying a warm late summer breeze and totally minding our own business, when out of the blue I felt a tiny presence on my ankle and looked to find that it was being sucked dry by a little winged vampire. I'm more allergic to them than most, so the left side of my foot now looks like I've contracted some grotesque skin disease. And if the inability to wear my sandals for fear of being labeled a social outcast isn't enough, this mosquito bite also just happens to be at the right level for my work shoes to rub against. All day long. Just to give you an idea how wonderful this felt today, imagine wearing your grandmother's wool sweater outside in 90 degree weather. Now imagine it's full of fleas. Now take that feeling, condense it onto a small section of your ankle, and multiply it by 10.
Escriba-Aguir V, Perez-Hoyos S, Saurel-Cubizolles MJ. Physical load and psychological demand at work during pregnancy and preterm birth. Int Arch Occup Environ Health 2001;74: 583-588.
And if W doesn't click with something, we'll toss it. I'm not worrying about it anymore. Homeschooling needs to have that click. I've always believed that kids can only learn (really learn) when their interested in the subject matter. This is something we have to do. I feel at peace with it and W is very eager to begin our new journey, too.
Jolly Pumpkin Madrugada Obscura - 750ml bottles - $16.99 (price includes tax)
According to a February 6 Report to the Downtown Brooklyn Advisory & Oversight Committee prepared by Forest City Ratner, about $46 million in contracts had been awarded at the time, with 21 placements from the Community Labor Exchange.
I was listening to the Minottis talk about new Super Mario Brothers and thinking that despite the love and sales numbers that it managed to pull down that I’d only been able to play it for a single session before getting bored and moving on, like the iPhone games.
However, the central heating was finally finished, and the lounge walls were finally done being skimmed, so all was not lost.
Boetti considered the women embroiderers as co-authors of these works, even though he never met them, as Islamic mores forbade contact. He outlined the countries and flags on canvas with Magic Marker, then handed them over to male clan leaders who passed them on to the women and girls who would have learnt their craft from an early age. I laid out photographs of the women at work on the maps, on the bench in the centre. They were photographed by Randi Malkin Steinberger, who was allowed one day to
Transaction example:
Yes, I know that a CEO could indeed hirer people to get things done in various areas – that’s part of the job. But looking at the size of the United States; the number of athletes we have throughout the country; the financial needs of the organization; and the fact that we are sorely behind when it comes Grand Prix level meets – let alone hosting a World Championships – what we really need are several individuals of CEO quality working together to achieve an overarching goal! In other words a star studded TEAM (Together Everyone Achieves More).
Ages ago I started a post about expat friendships. They are funny things you see. I started off by saying:
While building the momentum transfer model, we need a new representation for thinking about how momentum is transferred between objects. It has to include a before and an after portion since we use the model to talk about what happens over a change in time. And in fact, we usually are talking about some (relatively) exciting thing that happens by analyzing the states of the objects immediately before and after the event occurs.
Of course, I'd be remiss if I didn't also give credit due to all the 'starving artists' who took up residence in the reclaimed mills around town. These are the other fearless pioneers who discovered Easthampton in her tougher days, bringing with them a creative energy that has become the pleasant undercurrent of the city.
Evidently I am addicted to comments. Even though it is after 2 a.m., 1 a.m., midnight, or 11 p.m. where most of my readers are, I am sitting here refreshing my blog like a desperate fool, hoping someone will comment on my TT. Whether you enable my "habit" or not is up to you.
As you may have noticed, the East River no longer ices over. Most likely, it was doing so around 150 years ago because of a phenomenon that climatologists call the “Little Ice Age,” a modest cooling of the Northern Hemisphere that brought colder winters to parts of Europe and North America for a period roughly extending from the 16th century to the 19th century.
within their souls
Granddaddy was always thinking of us when he wasn’t with us, sending us cards, gifts and money for special occasions. Once he sent me a gold watch, and I was so lonely that I gave it to a classmate named Gwen to try to secure her friendship. I don’t know what I was thinking, because every time I was moved to a different home, I lost track of all of my schoolmates. I never told my grandfather what I had done.
Hope for the release of spiritual dogma (I don’t think that’s the right word, so if you know the proper word here please tell me in the comments) between opposite religions. If one wants to believe in their God or whatever they’re called then so be it, let them believe ~ Anyway that’s what I hope for most, World peace between everyone.
So, how are you going to show them that they are indeed thought of? A sweet card is an excellent choice as always. (The mothers in my life will be glad to know that I haven’t waited until the last minute, like last year, to get a card or two.) But what else?
Print – 41.9%
I'm working on perfecting sourdough crackers:
So what do we do with someone who raises the dead, gives life back to corpses, beats up the biggest bully in town? What do we do with Jesus?
They say a picture is worth a thousand words. The above picture shows the reason why I like to ride. The Brotherhood of bikers, My friends, my Brothers, who ride with me, make each of our rides a memorable one.
Well, now it is. Courtesy of my friend Alan Crabtree, from Coffee Capital Seattle, our ranch house is now equipped with an Aerobie Aeropress ...a gizmo that puts beautifully brewed coffee into your cup with what has to be the most hassle-free method around.
No matter what happens,
EMIII Blog (emiiiblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
She's also at that really fun stage where she wants to read everything she sees. While we drive she reads words on trucks, buildings, you name it. When we walk on sidewalks she wants to read every street sign we pass. Oh, and she enjoys reading license plates as well, even though most of them are only a jumble of numbers and letters.
Imperial Pegasus
Did you know that untreated premature ejaculation can lead to impotence ?
The night I told my mother I wanted to take up Political Science or Journalism in a state university, she told me she wouldn’t support me financially if I did what I said I would. Now I know I could’ve survived in the big city alone without any financial support from family but, apparently, being fifteen and a minor render one quite helpless when it comes to making big decisions like this. So, I went on to study Biology in a non-state university. It had not been an easy track, of course, but then nothing is supposed to be easy, yeck. What made it all worthwhile was the knowledge that medicine could get things done, which ultimately lessens my frustration over things that seem innately uncontrollable.
HINT: To make your next trip to the grocery store easier, copy the pages below and put a check by or circle those items you wish to purchase for your weeks worth of food. This way you will stay on track by only buying those items that are recommended!
532210 Consumer electronics & appliances rental
Each fine hair upon your head
belong so much
Politics will always be a game of people strutting around like peacocks, showing off their accomplishment plumage. And, the Obama team knows how to make a top-notch ad showing off their accomplishments. This is their new web ad. It’s a shame it’s too long for TV.
I haven't made anything here yet, but I have some ideas! Lots of ideas! Good things are going to come out of this space, just you wait and see!
It's your decision. Not your agency. So find your balance, yell at your boss if he gives you shit and move on.
I am really enjoying stitching this so far. Only this time I am not stitching each cross one by one as that would take FOREVER! Halloween fairy is going to match my feather fairy I stitched two years ago who sits proudly on the lounge room wall. I will have to sit them next to each other when I've finished stitching this fairy.
Devotees of the brand have requested that the potent olfactive cocktail be made into a perfume. A Moroccanoil® eau has not been made to date, but there is a way to use the product as a scent. The solution lies in layering; the same principal used when applying fragrance on skin. Hair, unlike skin, holds onto fragrance longer. Combining at least three Moroccanoil® products is recommended. Glass Petal Smoke suggests Moroccanoil® Shampoo, Conditioner and the Hydrating Style Cream. Don’t let the “oil” in Moroccanoil® stop you from using the treatment oil; it is quickly absorbed and doesn’t weigh your hair down. Warning: the desire to use the Treatment Oil as a perfume is tempting.
Say, what caused the propeller to fall off?
Jerome D’Ambrosio added: “It’s an amazing opportunity for me, and I’d like to thank Lotus F1 Team for giving me the chance to experience the E20; it’s a great car and I can’t wait to drive it.
Though love, but expectations
The brewery’s phone has not stopped ringing. Thanks to everyone who bought the beer and called to inform us of what Cajun food they paired it with. We have had beaucoup recommendations for dishes that our beer has complimented.
I read somewhere the largest growing segment in publishing is graphic novels. I find this disturbing. Like reading "we" are no longer teaching
b. Of Jeremiah, the LORD said: “Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.” (Jer. 1:5).
I have found out that Metropolitan Who's Who is incorporated as Metropolitan Registries.
FG=1.006@70F
“The blues is an art of ambiguity, an assertion of the irrepressibly human over all circumstances, whether created by other or by one’s own human failing.” ~ Ralph Ellison (1914 – 1994, Novelist, Literary Critic, Scholar and Writer)
Whilst we are fasting, worldly desires are irrelevant and we learn to comprehend, to some extent, with the suffering of others. Whilst we experience the dizziness from lack of water we feel a small proportion of the suffering of the people of Africa who cannot find clean water to drink for long periods of time. Whilst our stomachs are empty we feel a fraction of the plight of those who starve, whilst knowing that when the sun sets we will have an extravagant feast to indulge in. Iftaari for many of us is a time of reflection and whilst we understand that our fast is now over we know for many that their fasts may last for days.
James 4:8 reads, “Draw near to God and He will draw near to you.”This scripture
6 Kinda Like Love 4:06
And the testimonials … I eat them up, even if I don’t always respond to them directly.
Perhaps though it's best that he left office anyway. Moving to the "south-east corner of Broadway and Great Jones street" above Houston Street, where he would remain until his death in 1851, Hone would document in a remarkable diary the everyday, upper-class life of New York, from political shifts to the latest opera. Hone's "graphic pen", as described in a New York Times review in 1896, would become one of the great chronicles of early New York history. Most notable is his description of the terrible Great Fire of 1835, a tragedy which momentarily gutted the high society he had fostered for years.
Priced at around $20 for a small and rather thin board, it was not cheap. The sales woman said everyone was talking about the great quality of the material. Here is what the manufacturer writes about their product:
Entitled Innis, McLuhan, and the Media: Path to Enlightenment or Dead End?, the event brought together communication professors and students to discuss the legacy of two Canadian pioneers of communication studies: Harold Innis and Marshall McLuhan. The invited speakers were asked to examine the relevance of their work “against the backdrop of a media landscape that is transforming itself before our eyes.”
This is my post for the My World meme. Last week there were over 120 people sharing their worlds. To see more of our world or to join and share your part of the world, click HERE.
She also says that you can have it all, just not all at once.
How about you? Do you write complete threads? or do you write each piece at a time?
‘Maynooth Jewellery & Antiques’ biggest local competitor is Bernard John Jewellers which is located in Manner Mills Shopping Centre, Maynooth. However, apart from being their competitors, ‘Maynooth Jewellery & Antiques’ can learn vital e-marketing skills from Bernard John Jewellers. For example, the website which Bernard John Jewellers uses to sells its products is highly accessible and easy to use, ‘Maynooth Jewellery & Antiques’ can follow their example and create a layout on their own website which categorises products for sale and which customers can easily use.
Well, anyway, it looks like I'm on the mend . . . and, after more than a week, I finally spent a little time in my craftroom . . . just in time for this week's challenge at Mo's DP2 Challenge Blog! And since this is the first challenge of the month, our theme is . . .
into the rabbit hole. Just like in the movie, only there isn't a surreal fantasy world waiting for me at the bottom. It's just cold and hard and uncomfortable and lonely.
One of the people that is rumored to be joining the show is blogger, Bryan Boy. The show seems to be heading towards a younger direction along with web savvy people that have greater online presence. Bryan Boy for instance rose to fame after his blog garnered a following of massive proportions for his street-style photography which brought him to the attention of American Vogue’s editor-in-chief Anna Wintour.
Before I go, Reader, I want to let you know that I will be having a special contributor on here to write up a very special entry of the Don't Judge A Book series. Here's a little hint: it has to do with a major movie that just hit theaters. Until then, Reader,
His name was adam
Anyway, the board of directors meet and while they are happy with Tae Mu’s performance, they are unhappy with Tae Yong’s. Ever the bigger man, Tae Mu asks them to give him one more chance. So they give both of them an assignment and whoever wins will get Tae Yong’s position or something like that. What I want to know is how someone who’s got amnesia and can barely remember his name is expected to take on this responsibility.
You can’t have a new relationship until you release the existing one or the previous one.
The clubs have until 4pm on Tuesday the 4th of April to appeal against the decision although it is thought neither side will do so with such evidence against the clubs.
Is anyone else having trouble signing in to blogger? I get signed out every five minutes and then it takes a while and multiple attempts during which my password refuses to work before I can get back on. Let me know if you are having trouble with this too and if so, what you did to fix the problem.
I then decided to create my own slightly more colourful version aimed at Primary teachers, to randomise choice of ICT activities. You can see the Activity Generator here. Type in your own topic at the top, press the button and it randomly generates an ICT activity.
I said, "punch you?"
However, I don’t think this message was meant just for me; it was meant for you too—YOU, the reader of this message. So, get “out there” and do whatever goodness you came to Earth to do! Return to self….Your soul knows……………….
Blame the government subsidy known as mortgage default insurance, which ultimately makes it less risky to lend money to someone who has only 5% down compared to someone with 20%.
That Was My Veil
Anywho thats enough rambling for today, happy Thursday lovelies xxx
This is my first entry for the 12th Progressive Challenge at CDAC. You have to be a member of the CDAC site and also of the Progressing Challenge group in order to participate. For every challenge you get wonderful images from quality artists for FREE!! Oh yeah!! FOR FREE!!! There is a small fee if you are joining for the first time or have not met the "one project per challenge" minimum requirement ($1).
orange thermoset screw back earrings-thrifted
Q035) The type of man you like is?
But to Jeremy’s surprise, Karan was actually hooked by something. “Tip them off… That’s it. If we need to talk to someone and yet not have them killed, all we need is the police protecting us. Of course, they won’t know they were doing that… they would just keep the killer at bay.”
So I will not be crafting for at least one week plus or more, but will definitely be online whenever I am free. I hope it is not too early to wish you a great weekend and hope you have a good day wherever you are! Take care and be good everyone :) I'll see you soon! ♥♥♥
The part of me that wants to obey my plans instructions and discuss the romance with whoever is listening is located in my smallest toe, which was broken recently and is therefore not feeling very dominant (all it wants at the moment is to reclusively curl up in the corner of my fluffiest sock), so as you can imagine, this paragraph is going to contain a roaring debate on the romance. No, that made no sense to me, either. It is going to be an incredibly short paragraph, because there really wasn't that much of it. And not even very much opportunity for slash pairings, either. The yoai fangirl in me is having a heart attack right now, by the way. Okay, since that's over and done with, who wants pancakes?
全ての日本人が彼のように小気味良くタバコの吸い殻を処理するわけではありません。だけど、わざわざ携帯用のポケット灰皿を持ち歩いて、タバコの吸い殻をきちんと処理するという彼の一連の行為が、日本人のデリカシーを絵にしたようなものに、私は彼を見た時感じたのです。少なくとも私の知っているアメリカでは、進歩主義者だろうが保守派だろうが環境保護主義者であろうが、みんなわりとタバコはポイポイ捨てます。
3) An iron-on ass patch. When I finally gave in and started wearing maternity pants, my wardrobe shrank to three pairs of jeans, two of which were brand-new and one of which was pretty old and not particularly attractive. So when I was climbing over the gate to let the chickens out about a month after buying those jeans, guess which pair I ripped a big, ragged tear in on the Satan's wire on that gate? Yup, my favorite of the brand-new ones. I attempted to mend them, but the belly panel (God, I hate that term) and my own shitty needle skills made it impossible. So then I was down to two pairs of jeans. Then, while I was helping A. with the shearing, the old ones tore from the thigh all the way up the crotch.
It is official, the FCC has voted in favor of requiring the four largest broadcasters in the top 50 markets to publicly post political ad records online. The rest of them have a two-year exemption. But what does this mean exactly?
Stella Mae was born on February 1, 2011 at 10:27am, she was 12oz and 9in long. The doctors were surprised at her spunk and the development of her lungs. She may have only been 12oz but she had the maturity of a
I don't like to post unless I have something interesting to say.
The 3 bodies were discovered in the living room by the couple's teenager-son, Don, who was not at the homestead at the time of the murders, but at a nearby barn on the property. (Various reports give Don’s age as either 15, 16 or 17-years.)
I agree with the opinion prepared by Mr. Justice Tuason, except on the points hereunder discussed.
A few examples of how the complete scrapping of the Imperial system would affect people and businesses around the world include -
Rate: US$ 600/day.
Unfortunately, that's not the case. Agents generally focus their selling efforts in their own countries, where they know the market and are easily able to maintain the contacts and business connections a successful agent needs. For overseas sales, they use co-agents who have similar connections and contacts in those countries. A British agent won't try to sell to American publishers himself; he'll send the ms. to his co-agent in the US, and that agent, who knows American editors and what they're looking for, will submit it out.
Per the wisdom of Wayne to make memorable moments during Christmas, I am trying to overcome my fear and embrace the opportunity to go ziplining with my family. How do you plan to create memorable moments during the holidays with the ones you love? I would love to hear your stories!
If Moses did it with is faith, she'll do it with an army
Drench yourself in words unspoken
Cardstock: Papertrey Ink (smooth white)
The Nephilim are the “mighty men of old” who were great warriors and had great reputations. These are the offspring of the “Sons of God” and the “Daughters of Men.”
along with us this week and remember you
Next up was the making of the meringue. This involves cooking sugar and water on the stove, while using a candy thermometer to ensure that it reaches 245 degrees F. In the meantime, I started whipping the aged egg whites. Once they formed soft peaks and the syrup was hot enough, I added the syrup (slowly) to the egg whites and continued whipping until the meringue was stiff and glossy.
The captain encourages everyone to pack a picnic, so Alex picked up two lobster rolls from Chelsea Market, along with salt-and-vinegar fries. Also, the skippers come around and offer wine or beer--I love white wine, and Alex chose Fire Island Lighthouse Ale.
I thought to celebrate the occasion today, a cookie recipe would be perfect to share since my sister and I were cookie-making buddies every Saturday for the many years when we lived near each other in Minnesota. I'm picky when I bake cookies, and Marla is one person I know that consistently makes perfect cookies every batch. In fact, we had cookies and a milk fountain at my wedding and Marla slaved in the kitchen baking several hundred cookies the day before the wedding for it just because she's a great sister and I knew I could trust her to make delicious cookies. She's the kind of sister I hope my baby will be some day.
I know that was a short post but for now I've got to run. I will leave you with this though...
In saying all that...I really must try and make some time to come here so *places hand on heart* I solemnly swear that I will make more of an effort to blog, and visit you lovely lot, more often (that is until I lose the plot completely and the nice men in the white coats come to take me away!)
coined, he defied Church greed and corruption, placing both his movement and his life in jeopardy. ‘…moving and informative…with an epic sweep…more than an entertaining evening in the theater, it is an important commentary on the common grounds of Abrahamic beliefs.’
I do not have many dietary restrictions. I am not against eating animals. I like to try weird, or crazy sounding things. And I love vegetarian food. I regularly eat vegetarian meals and lunches. I am no stranger to tofu (in fact, I make it regularly) and paneer is one of my favorite foods. So, I’m not quite sure why I don’t post more of my vegetarian recipes. One of my new year’s resolutions will be to get better at that, especially for all my vegetarian friends out there.
Fast forward seven or eight months. I have graduated. I have spent most of a summer in Europe. I have returned to work briefly with the Job Corps before my move to Chapel Hill, North Carolina. The hot months of summer have come and gone. It is a cool October day, and I am at the corner of Columbia St. and Franklin listening to my car radio when a really cool song comes on. I speed on to the apartment on Jones Ferry Road, look up the phone number of the local radio station, and ask about the song. "Oh," the friendly college radio DJ replies, "It's called 'Pulling Touch' and it's by an Austin, Texas band called Poi Dog Pondering."
I am going to miss Picasso. Picasso changed the way painters paint. He gave us permission to go with the altered form, and yet, he left us painting as a viable path. All those daily friends of mine. Brushes, pigments, canvas, paper, the press, the day all day long as real and valuable work.
Here in Britain, of course, the older readers amongst us will doubtless recall how difficult and unpleasant it was to walk down the pavement during the great street sweeper shortage of 1964. Their parents before them lived for years without tasting a gooseberry or a Cox's pippin during the fruit picker famine in the 1930's
I've just had another short story accepted by People's Friend.
So I notice, the color of the stripe along the top of Montgomery Street Station is now PURPLE. It used to be BLUE, didn't it?
We are almost ready with our home Christmas Decorations and ready for baking time!
Measure your center rectangle and pin a piece of fabric that size within the guidelines. For this template it measures about 1 1/2” by 2”.
When Elizabeth died, Catherine’s husband Peter ascended the throne. His brief reign was a disaster. He tried to remake the Orthodox Church in the Lutheran image, ordering the destruction of icons and the shaving of the priests’ beards. He tried to remake the Russian Army in the image of his beloved Prussia, putting an uncle from Holstein with no military experience in command. And he embarked on a disastrous war with Denmark, over a territorial dispute that was important to Holstein but had no bearing on Russia. Within a few months “Peter had provoked and insulted the Orthodox Church, infuriated and alienated the army and betrayed his allies,” Massie writes.
One Monday in October, 1858, Mr Neal sent his assistant to buy a quantity of plaster of Paris from the druggist. The reason? It was much cheaper than sugar and could be used as 'daft' or an inexpensive substitute to bulk up sweets. The assistant called on the chemist, who sent his apprentice to the cellar, where he weighed out twelve pounds of daft. Unfortunately, the new assistant measured out and mistakenly sold him the wrong white powder - arsenic. This deadly poison was taken back to the sweet shop where it was incorporated into peppermint drops - which killed
retrictive laws, too many people might get a taste of wild freedom and of
With everything about 3 weeks early this year, now is the time to spray Ponderosa and Austrian pines for needle blight and spruce trees that have had problems with needle cast or shoot blight where the new growth has died in the past. In early June spray for needle blight problems in Scotch pine and cercospora blight on cedars. If you have a windbreak of combinations of these trees and don’t want to spray twice, I recommend at least spraying in early June to catch all of them. Increasing air flow by cutting out some trees is another way to reduce fungal diseases on your trees.
Some Jews expected the Messiah to arise from the line of David as said in the scriptures.
-Home Improvement
There should be no problem with adventures, frontiers, player autonomy, or even placing dungeons in the early modern age; the big change you notice is they need to be more remote or isolated. XP for gold might seem a bit fishy - in an age with nation states, would private individuals amass vast fortunes through sacking old ruins? I just have to stop and remember Spanish galleons loaded with treasure, and I can see the XP for gold mechanic still working out in early modern.
Occult Development Points
Last night I was wearing my favorite earrings, (bottom left). I love these earrings because they're super light, super comfortable, and everyone comments on how nice they are. I love them. Correction; loved. *sad face* I woke up this morning to discover that my puppy had gotten one of them off the coffee table and chewed it to bits. He's still in the "dog house", as it were.
Since he left, his beautiful house has been vandalized: toilets, taps and pipes were removed, and doors and cupboards throughout the house were broken off from their hinges and taken away. Some of the roofing has disappeared. The farm’s dams and camps are now inoperative. Nobody wants to pay the electricity to work the pumps.
Family – Got to see my mom, aunt and uncle. On top of that I saw and spoke with my brother for the 1st time in 3 years. We can take #26 off the list. We didn’t address the issue that caused all this but we did talk. That’s a start.
It's hard to know what to make of Werner Herzog's The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans. Is it a send-up of cop films? (Apparently not, as Herzog claims he's never seen one. Though that would actually explain a lot.) Is it a farce? A flat-out comedy? Is Herzog just giving the finger to Abel Ferrara? To paraphrase Nic Cage - what the FUCK is going on here?
More notes on Fred the RV soon...
3. P.R.O. - Blacky Joe
"Everything came into existence through Him. Not one thing that exists was made without Him."--John 1:3
No sooner had we set up and started handing out our information to the passing public they started with the usual megaphone and tired rants (you can all guess the 2 words these people were taught at school!) but now things are different, something has changed, I see members of the public verbally abuse the pony tailed drug hazed hippy with megaphone and tell him to stop lying and that the BNP are exactly what this country needs.
What two countries does the Queen love, and why?
100. Cf. Part III, l. 204.
She nodded to herself, “Yes, I bet I can get all the herbs I need make the Beboodle there!”
does not croon of murmuring trees.
Metal corners WOC.
In more ways than one!
Situation is most serious in the South and at its worst in the state of Mississippi, where 34.5 percent of the population is overweight. Here are the numbers!
Lexicon word of the day: asperity.
her head under my hand for comfort.
4 potatoes
9) I once got thrown out of a nightclub at Disneyland for dancing "far too sexually" (their words, not mine) to "Blue Monday." I was dancing with my brother. We were trying to show a friend of mine just how it should be done. Definitely not the most embarrassing moment of my life, but certainly one of the more bizarre. And no, it was not "that kind of family."
Registration commences on 4th May 2010
Sometimes I make an almond butter sandwich, depending on how hungry I am
As we know today, history developed differently. Since a couple of weeks CEO’s from Western oil- and gas-firms are heading to Tripoli to get contracts from a non-existing – “transitional” – government, which makes the buying cheaper. The NATO-war on Libya forced back and pushed back Russian (and Chinese) economic interests in the region. Libya’s market is open for the big players of the “collation of the willing”, for the big capital of France, Great Britain and the United States.
Ford: why not
Jesus brought me to this place. He gave me this door to walk through and this beautiful calling to be obedient in. You see, I was in the midst of almost moving to Tennessee for the 5th, or 7th or 23rd time, when God spoke to me on the Pearce's giant blue and white couch. He turned me at a crossroads that kept me in North Carolina and had me doing something quite different than I had envisioned.
Since today was our last "official" day of freedom we spent it relaxing at home & watching movies. We also took a drive by the ocean and got some yummy pizza and wings for dinner. Now I'm off to snuggle with my hubby before we both have to hit the hay! ♥ Goodnight!
I have to give a shout-out to Pod who handled about half of the lessons.
” Open! Tear gas is here!” I heard people shouting at the LRT officer.
Amazon Sales Rank: #15333 in Office Product
When he’s chosen for a once in a lifetime opportunity to hunt the last remaining humans, Gene’s carefully constructed life begins to crumble around him. He’s thrust into the path of a girl who makes him feel things he never thought possible—and into a ruthless pack of hunters whose suspicions about his true nature are growing. Now that Gene has finally found something worth fighting for, his need to survive is stronger than ever—but is it worth the cost
Groovetrak Network News has East Coast - Plus information, people, products and services that we need to network! PLEASE FOLLOW THE BLOG
I need to see and hear the stories about just how bad things can really be! Or better yet think back to where I was just a few months ago, to bring me back out of it and more importantly… well I’m sure you guessed it, I need to know when to SHUT UP and quit COMPLAINING!!!
His last utterance was a joke. As his nurse was assisting him in his sickbed, he said “I’d rather be skiing than doing this. The nurse said, “Do you ski, Mr. Laurel?” and he said, “No, I but I’d rather be doing that than this.” He passed away in 1965.
and curse a bit (in german– to
Now right here I must stop you and say, before messing with your template... "BACKUP A COPY" of your template to your computer. Right click on the code box and "select all", then open a NotePad doc (NOT Word.doc) and paste the template into NotePad and save it on your computer where you can find it in case you have a catastrophic failure of your brain connecting with your fingers on the keyboard :-).
22 ma
Even me.
I'm exhausted. Shut the door behind you.
I didn’t take my mp3 so instead of having the little recording tell me when to run/walk, I just ran for 20 Mississippi’s and walked 60 Mississippi’s. Running today was different. The rain felt like it was melting away all my troubles, the wind pushed off my cap and my hoodie, exposing me to the world, and my glasses were an inconvenience in the rain so I took them off as well and ran blindly on; it felt like the epitome of life – facing the odds to the best of your natural abilities. I had no expectations of myself, made no impossible demands, I didn’t criticize my lack of endurance or bouncing tummy, I simply ran as best as I could and congratulated myself on every labored step. When I walked through my front door, soaked to the bone, I was the proudest I’d been of myself in a long time – I faced my fears and went through with the first day.
During the Mesozoic, the age of dinosaurs, mammals were extant, but they kept a low profile so as to avoid the baleful attention of the great reptiles. A fossil of one of these furtive early mammals was discovered last November (2011) in Argentina. The creature was christened as Cronopio dentiacutus, and not only does the animal’s partial skull give us a window into mammalian form in the late Cretaceous it also provides a special treat for regular readers of Ferrebeekeeper, for like the Smilodon, the walrus, and the Odobenocetops, Cronopio has distinctly pronounced saber teeth (despite being a small scurrying squirrel-like creature).
After her drastic weight loss for Black Swan, Mila notes that her body “has never been the same. My shape is different. When I got down to 95 pounds, I was muscles, like a little brick house, but skin and bones. When I gained it back, it went to completely different areas.” Like the rear? “No, I’d be happy if my ass got bigger. All the weight that left my chest went to my side hip, my stomach.”
“I just went there over the holday weekend. Still unparalleled. Absolutely the best. Awesome. I grew up on this pizza. I live in VA now. The pizza near DC is fairly unimpressive. Everytime I come home it’s let’s get some DiCarlos Pizza. I haven’t tasted any pizza anywhere that comes close.” (Sterling, VA)
But I couldn’t help but wonder how many people today, both men and women, could identify with that ad? How many wish they had a faithful woman or a faithful man, a faithful wife or husband, even a faithful friend to come alongside them – to stand with them in difficult times.
The problem with the sailors facing the wrath of Euroclydon was that they did not know the Lord. They did not know the One Who controls the weather. We have an example of this in Mark 4:33. “And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace be still, and the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.”
E = iii
produce our recipes in a manufacturing plant.
The End Times seven-year period is known as the seventieth week of Daniel (also commonly known as the “tribulation”). Most of the future events prophesied in the Bible will occur during this seven prophetic year time frame. The seventieth week of Daniel is prophesied to last 2520 days (Daniel 12:7, 7:25, Revelation 12:6, 14, and 11:2-3, also see the appendix).[1] Since the length of the seventieth week of Daniel is a defined period of time we can use it to assess whether Armageddon, the revealing of Antichrist’s true identity, or the start of the End Times can possibly happen on December 21, 2012.
“Heavenly Father,” he prayed. “Thank you for this promise of a new day. We praise You that You have protected us when our enemies have threatened, and that You continue to provide. We thank you for the land You have blessed us with, and ask only that, if it is Your will, You would continue to protect our homes in the future. Thank you for the food that we are about to eat, and for the hands that made it. Amen.”
that's positively...
While I currently don't have specific plans for a line of work that requires a degree, it does seem silly to be doing nothing with my AA when it wouldn't take much more work to get a BA. Goddard is a pretty unique school that awards credit for prior learning and also offers a BA you essentially design yourself. This seems like a pretty good deal since my experience tells me no one in the real world really cares what your BA is actually in. (Pro tip, kids: do volunteer work in a field related to your dream job. It matters so much more.) Goddard also only requires you to actually be present on campus (which incidentally is in Vermont) for one week out of the year, which makes it a good fit with my next goal...
"Hold on, it's gonna be a bumpy ride!" Rick said.
Eyes: Insufferable Dastard – Light Sensitive – Light Green
Pollution will replace the air we breathe
Kodak Gallery is offering all you 40% off a medium hardcover or a large photobook!! To take advantage of this awesome offer go to www.kodakgallery.com/creativity to redeem. Do it quickly this offer is only available till 8/31/11. Get all those awesome summer memories capture in a photobook that you can look through again and again.
We always hide the kids' stockings! My parents always did it for us and I loved that. It keeps the suspense up a little longer....Cameron was shocked at where he found his...to say the least.....Korver...once again, was just in his own little world.
“I really don’t want to be in anymore movies that I don’t produce. Unless it’s with one of the 10 directors that I really want to work with, I don’t have any interest in not being on the ground floor of creating it. But what I really want to do is direct”, Channing shares with Details.
Letsoalo also confirmed that he had received the video, but said he was later removed as investigating officer last month and replaced by a Warrant Officer Naudé.
Mr. Obama at one point suggested he “couldn’t get a phone call returned” from Boehner earlier in the day, and said that when it comes to a deal, “I’ve been left at the altar now a couple of times.” He said he was unable to guarantee that Social Security checks and other obligations would go out after the August 2 deadline, and said the blame falls on House Republicans who have been unwilling to compromise to get a deal done.
an ice cold can of Irn Bru next to me
For some reason, I feel really tough in this outfit. Maybe it's the studs on the tank but I totally feel like "you don't want to mess with me because I'm so tough and scary". I mean, didn't you think "That girl is DANGEROUS" when you saw these pictures? Don't lie, I know you did.
Anyway, my offerings today are two more cards for a few more challenges. My first card is another Humphrey’s Corner card and I absolutely love this image…so adorable! Think he is my fave (excluding the Christmas ones of course ;) ) I would like to enter this into the I Love Promarkers challenge this week which is ‘Springtime’. The Promarkers I have used are ice grey 1, cool grey 2, pear green and buttercup.
And the efforts that no one sees but our children, who have no idea the love behind every single act...the efforts that every Mother around the world should be given a gold medal of honor for, the efforts that leave us on our knees at the end of the day, bleary eyed, exhausted, heart and soul rung out dry from a day of pouring our entire beings into our heart and souls on the outside.
Isbn 978-1-440-0021-4
"That's a good question," said Manju Rajendran, one of the organizers of the potbanger protests. "Why is there not a massive reaction every time a rape occurs? I feel like that should happen any time there's rape." Some say the city is fatigued by the lacrosse case and people might be treading carefully because of the controversy and criticisms lobbed from near and far.
Iraqi Kurds, a gregarious, hospitable and extremely lovable people, have much to be proud of.
by jennickels (aka Jen Connelly)
6) The Evil Dayjob is getting a new library! This is great news, and desperately needed. I'll share more news (and floorplans) as we get them. Click Here, if you want to see what the building will look like.
Today my second investment, and second major saving, arrived: my Prescription Prepayment Certificate from NHS. This is something for those of you who need to pick up prescriptions from the pharmacy on a regular basis. Provided you normally get more than 14 prescriptions per year (just over two per month), this card can end up saving you an absolute fortune!
Leave your worries on the doorstep
GBI Research’s report, “DECT Ultra Low Energy (ULE) Market to 2016 – Existing Internet Gateways and Demand for VoIP-Based Home Automation Products to Drive Technology Adoption” provides key information and analysis on the market opportunities in the DECT ULE market. The report covers the industry dynamics, information on the sales volume of DECT ULE, and information on key players. The report also provides DECT ULE sales volume forecasts until 2016. The potential markets for DECT ULE in home automation, security, healthcare and others are also discussed.
The book is divided into 3 parts. First, Ferwerda “gathers” the reader behind the concept that we are to be busy with the mission of Christ while we are here on the earth. She reflects on her role model of “Papa” who has given his life to raising “one million arrows” for Christ. We are drawn to this man who cares not only for the natural family but for his spiritual children who are growing in number as he continues in his faithfulness to God’s call.
7.) (17 April 2006) “Brett and Matt happen to be the real names of two of the captains who lived in that home.”
Here’s John first catching the handlebars:
"Why do you hate me? What did I ever do to you? I work for free, I give you my learned counsel, and this is how you repay me?"
Kye Kye’s new album, Young Love, is full of this same trademark sound, with our Thing 1| Thing 2 haired friend’s swelling, breathy voice floating like clouds above the rigid landscape of electronic beats the band lays down below her.
What better way to get to know each other than by spending time together? Sunday at the Cantey’s is soon to happen – this Sunday actually immediately after service (about noon or come a little earlier to help set up). As they are covering the meats, we just need to bring the sides.
A few mins later a call on my cell phone from the central alarm system office. I called right back and cancelled the PANIC alarm, and gave them our password, etc.
On issues where ministers may have to make a quasi-judicial decision – such as on planning or transport, MPs often ask ministers to comment on planning applications that are happening in their constituencies – only to be told (quite correctly) by ministers that the latter cannot comment on individual applications lest that application lands in front of said minister to make a decision on. This was one of the criticisms of Jeremy Hunt when the role of ruling on the proposed BSkyB takeover by Murdoch – the former had already gone on record commenting positively on the latter (just as Vince Cable had commented negatively) – with the risk of potential judicial review proceedings being raised irrespective of which way he may have ruled.
What the “M.” stood for we are not told.
This darkish exuberance of spring rain! The face of the little brook is rain-pocked. Many registers make up the song of the small cascade: if I listen with all of myself I can hear their divergence and singularity as well as their convergence.
She starts telling people what to do and solving all their problems. They believe her because, well, she has a book. It only stands to reason.
Nora Roberts gives two sweet stories which will be good to read anytime of the year.
Mission trips teach them teamwork.
Pulitzer Prize winner Junot Diaz was born in the Dominican Republic, but Tuscon banned him too. Not The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao, which I’m teaching later this semester, but his first short story collection, Drown. So apparently the children of Tuscon need to be protected not just from books where “race, ethnicity and oppression are central themes” but short stories in particular.
Something shocking has happened. While the use of ‘the human mic’ by the ‘Occupy Wall Street’ protests is innovative, there’s one particular video I want to look at that has something that’s really, radically new, a mutation of the ‘human mic.’ Before this, however, some context, both theoretical, and in forerunner communities in the digital realm. And then from there, to this new, perhaps unnoticed new form of political subjectivity (and feel free to skip down there if you want!).
And lo, the many-sexed one, the deity Endra, did appear to Innominus, conveying to the faithful priest a vision. Entranced, Innominus saw a horde of undead -- skeletons, ghouls, wights -- issuing forth out of the darkness in a stone chamber, which he knew to be in the deep basement of Baron Kaminster's country manor outside Fortinbras. The foul undead monsters, with hateful glowing eyes, surged forward in the vision, overwhelming the cleric with their sheer numbers.
Jess will be discussing the 'body' of the text.
As you can likely discern I am in a relative good place right now, such has not always been the case. If you’ve read any of the other drivel on this site you can attest to that. It has been a journey, a trip through time, place, and mood. Much of it good, some of it not so. I don’t believe it’s over and should you choose to follow you will some day see the great reveal. You will know…..who I am. Not only the technical details of who I am, like name, address, and social insurance number, but who I am inside. The complex thing they call Dwayne. I often waver in my desire to come out of the blog closet, to post the address to this site on Facebook, or to Twitter my thoughts and provide a link back to this blog. Even my closest family is not aware (that I know) of this secret location of my darkest thoughts. If they do they have certainly not shared that knowledge with me. And that’s fine. When the time is right I will do that, it’s just not right yet.
Loop21 Composite
They're all interesting questions and I'm glad to see something genre that isn't backing away from them or cloaking them in so much symbolism and alien hoohah that they're unrecognizable to the naked eye or casual observer. That said, I'd also like some fairly basic storyline questions to be asked at this point: no-one seems all that concerned about infection, for example. Or where the zombies came from. Or where they're going. Or how they behave. Aren't these questions that a group hoping to survive for more than the next ten minutes should really be looking to?
I was honored to be joined on the walk by my two great friends — Robert, author of The Solitary Walker, who joined me for four days of the walk, and Dominic, author of Made Out of Words, who joined us for a couple of those days. Meeting these guys and enjoying their fine, cheerful, and edifying company was, without question, the highlight of the entire trip for me. For what it's worth, there was not a scintilla of difference between the friends I encountered personally and the initial impressions I had drawn of them from their respective blogs. Authentic, intelligent, adventurous, morally courageous, and good humored — these are the words that best describe the two guys who tramped with me through the best sections of the Hadrian's Wall path.
Horseradish dressing
The shower wasn't only a lingerie shower but it was also a "surprise" party and I don't mean that the party was a surprise either. If you aren't familiar, email me and I'll fill you in. Totally NOT my idea. I planned the lingerie shower part and two of the other bridesmaids planned the other part. It was interesting to say the least...and I think maybe I've been scarred for life!
“The BBC’s Hugh Sykes, in Baghdad, says al-Qaeda have launched several attacks in Diyala since losing support in other parts of Iraq.”
This is due to the immense gap between rich and poor here, and the relative lack of middle class. The well off in Ukraine are very rich and price insensitive. Below that, there is a narrow middle class, and the rest of the population that wallows in poor quality products and services.
you know that they will be there for you through thick and thin
Before we get any further, I’d just like to give a very brief intro to the religion of Islam – since it’s the foundation of the journey this blog hopes to chronicle.
When you Believe
By this time, it was clear that the senior officers of American Electronic could not be persuaded to build 300,000 timers without verifying the order with the C.I.A. There was yet another scramble: This time to find a manufacturer who could begin delivering the timers within 45 days. Another Friday night meeting in a Virginia bar was arranged with Mulcahy and representatives of another long-time C.I.A. supplier, Scientific Communications Inc. of Dallas. Terpil had found the company, whose president, Joe L. Halpain, later agreed to manufacture 500 prototype timers within 30 days. At the Friday night meeting was William Weisenburger, then a branch chief in the C.I.A.’s Technical Services Division – the group responsible for producing the special weapons and safety devices that have been popularized by the James Bond movies. Thomas G. Clines, then a senior official in the C.I.A.’s Office of Training, also was in the bar that night, sitting with Ed Wilson. Mulcahy spent the night table-hopping as the manufacturing plans were worked out. Clines was well known inside the agency for his closeness to Ted Shackley. Like the others, Clines had played a role in the Bay of Pigs. After Shackley’s retirement from the C.I.A. in 1979, he and Clines would set up a consulting firm.
Thanks so much for stopping by today! I hope you all have a wonderful day and make sure you stop back tomorrow for the Key Ingredients blog hop challenge (psst... I even have a little giveaway planned!).
Styling this beautiful piece of history with the seasons
You'd do better to email her from her website; publishers are notoriously slow about forwarding author mail.
Maybe she was right. Maybe I was the one for this job. One loser telling the story of his kindred spirit. I sure didn’t have anything better to do. But with the window down and my hand out, being pushed back by the cool air, it felt less like the start of a new chapter and more like the end of one.
Tammy did some digging based on the phone number they'd given and found that they were located in Canada but were using a drop box in New York. She wrote the Attorney General's office in New York detailing the scam and to go on record with them. She also went online and found that these same people target all sorts of businesses and that often times the victims will attempt to settle rather than spend time defending themselves.
And by all that is holy…she is good. Really good.
She did not move a muscle.
This recipe calls for melted butter??? The recipe doesn't require the dough to be refrigerated and it was very soft once mixed. I actually put mine in the fridge for 2 days, because I've heard or read that it really brings all the flavors together. These were pretty darn good! I used dark and white chocolate chips, nuts would be good in them too.
I bought my very first bottle of Sriracha (it's a hot sauce) for this recipe, and I'm pretty excited about it. It's not just hot. There is a smokiness and a depth of flavor behind the heat that is tasty. The first thing that hit my palate was the heat, but if you hang in there, after the heat fades, there's more to taste beyond the heat, and that "more" is really nice. I think I'll be using it (albeit cautiously) in more recipes in the future. I found it in the Asian foods section of my grocery store, although it's made in California, and it has a rooster on the bottle. Hope that helps.
“I like your thinking,” he heard Ngo say. Then, “Full ECM, Flight Engineer. Smartbombs ready, bombardier. Watch our tail, Gunners. Keep us level, Tran.”
in my old bucket.
1 tbsp. sugar (sugar substitutes like Splenda work fine here too)
2-3 c. shredded cheese (Sharp cheddar is excellent)
"MAAMAAAAAAAA THERE'S NO MORE CLEAN SPOONS!! WAAH!"
I belong to an online writing group, and much time is dedicated to one of the least fruitful obsessions writers have, which is ‘predicting trends’. Wizards, vampires, post-apocalyptic televised blood sports – new writers are always trying to guess what’s next. Could it be mermaids? Could it be aliens? The pursuit is utterly pointless, however, as the long journey to publication that Hollow Pike took will illustrate.
Garrison was taken to the Marion County Jail, where he was unable to complete a breath alcohol test due to vomiting.
Quin - I don't know
Other days I'll be minding my own business, dressed like a normal person, office a pleasant 71F, when I'll start shivering so hard my teeth chatter, or it will feel like it's 80 degrees.
Gerry
If you are interested in getting one:
I also hung those three red mirrors for fun, another Target deal, only $1.24 each! So there it is, the playroom makeover! Here are a few before and afters of the playroom just in case you haven't had enough!
beyond the shadows of blasphemy.
Within these major themes are numerous sub-themes: the new exodus, Passover, witness, faithfulness, conquering/overcoming, truth and falsehood, the Spirit, the evil parody of the trinity, and others. It’s all fascinating stuff, and a good way to get a handle on many of the symbols (like lampstands, numbers, stones, etc.) that can be confusing for us. He helps you read Revelation like you do the other books of the Bible: to find out what Jesus is saying to the churches.
FOR EXTRA ENTRIES:
Non-Profit Sponsorships:
If this keeps up, the whole nation will be in the emergency room.
Arrive with your holding tanks empty! You will not have a sewer hookup so you will have to rely upon the capacity of your RV’s holding tanks.
And now I can do some stash diving and
The third is one of the daughters of Yellama, one of the sacred prostitutes in the service of the goddess.
I am not going to further explore into my views on war today except to say people should consider the Native American perspective of what celebrating today really means (Thank you to Kimya Dawson for reminding me). Instead I wish to take a look at Independence at home. And when I say home I literally mean home. Home being where ever you live. If living in your home there happen to be children then I have a question for you. Why are there labels for children that include "terrible" when referring to the ages 2 or 3 or teen years? Well my guess is it because during those ages and probably most ages those children are expressing independence. Within the pictures of the fireworks I have included in this post I can see beauty. Yet when there are fireworks at home parents often complain about the ways in which their children are expressing their independence. If you celebrate independence today and then the rest of the year spend much of your time as a parent controlling almost every aspect of your children's lives I might go so far as to brand you a hypocrite. I challenge you to look at your parenting and recognize when you are fighting for your independence instead of celebrating your children's expression of independence. I'd be interested in hearing the comments of readers and how they celebrate their children's Independence.
Chantal, please email me your mailing address at birdteam2011@yahoo.com and I will send your prize kit. Also, to all winners you will find your blog badge at the bottom of this post.
I want to be like my almost three year old son. Who lives wildly and loudly, seeking adventure and questioning everything.
Volupte is a milky coral-peach that is not as intense as it looks in the tube either. This has no shimmer and is a light peach on my lips. I think this will look lovely on top of Chintz or Peregrina to enhance the lipstick.
Ann Milton in her role as health minister should not be expressing such certainty about such important issues when the evidence does not justify it. That is seriously to mislead the public.
“Then you better call someone Ted.”
To enter to win a set of Susan’s memoirs, tell me if you would consider yourself a city girl or a country girl. I would say I definitely have a hard time in the country as I’m not very outdoorsy, but I’m also not very good in heels and dressing up and doing the ‘city thang’ … so I don’t know what I’d call myself! More of a city girl I guess! Your turn to share!
Of course, don’t expect the press to ask any such questions. They largely laughed off the matter. “No shock or awe there,” Bloomberg News actually wrote in an editorial.
- Have one meal and be sustained forever.
“Reg!” Bertie cried and sprang a few inches off the ground. “I thought, I thought you were dead!” Bertie said, confused look creeping up on his face.
Okay, if you're thinking "man that girl really needs to learn how to choose better" you're right. But I really did weed out the pictures I didn't like, for real!
I don't often look at the stats for this blog but the new layout enables me to see them each time I log on and I am quite amazed to see nearly 38.000 page views.
A terrible secret. A terrible fate.
I have not been so impressed by an actor’s range since I saw Robert Carlyle in The Full Monty and then, two days later, in Face. He performed the characters and their body language so utterly differently yet so believably within their own context that… I would not have realised just how good an actor he is if I had not seen them so close together. It was a bit like the shock of listening to Robert Carlyle’s totally convincing Northern England and South London accents in those movies, then hearing him speak in his own very strong Glaswegian accent.
The comparison between the newspapers also shows that they published pretty much whatever information they received about what was happening to the Jews in Europe, including some hair raising stories that were inconceivable at the time in terms of the number of victims and especially the cruelty of the killing methods. Indeed, readers and journalists alike argued during the first half of the war that the many articles describing atrocities were an exaggeration, akin to "spilling blood into the lines of the newspapers," and called on editors to exhibit greater responsibility in the kinds of pieces they published and stop demoralizing the public and creating panic.
Uloma and I were childhood friends until her death last year. We were age mates , 21 years old and born only weeks apart…I wouldn’t tell you who was older though. Thing is, we were nothing alike. Uloma was the outgoing, flamboyant and rebellious one while I was the “churchy” one with the self image issues. We were best friends but sometimes I hated her guts. Uloma was easy to hate though…she wore her confidence like a second skin. When girls wore over-sized polos to hide the points of their growing nipples, Uloma wore body-hugging tops to flaunt hers. Where I was shy, she was bossy and loud. I so hated her at those moments but then, for some reasons we stuck together. Well, that’s not entirely true. We stuck together because Uloma made that possible. She was the kind of friend who would take a bullet for her best friend…after she must have bossed you around, that is…haha. She was that kind of friend.
Awhile back at work, I had transferred one patient of mine to a different unit and picked up another at 11 PM, a frequent occurrence. My new patient was originally some distance away (it's a big care unit) so I had to move her to be side-by-side with my first patient. I introduced myself and explained why we were moving. She was pleasant and rather sleepy. While the patient care assistant and I rolled her bed down the hall, she nodded off. By report from the previous nurse, she hadn't been sleeping well so this was good for her. She didn't have any medications due and so after a quick physical assessment, I let her be to get her rest.
Traditional retailers, especially those in fashion, often excel in terms of product newness, but lack originality in how that’s presented. Etailers, on the other hand, excel at fresh and new ways at looking at content. This puts them in good stead to make stores feel really different on a regular basis.
Shu Uemura eyelash curlers (normal and mini)
Upon looking through the blog I noticed I haven't posted anything about my homebrews since April. Time to fix that.
We are already here.
President Kimball spoke the truth. His words are prophetic.
The result is that she is beloved despite the fact that she exemplifies the worst traits of the working class. And no matter how complex that love is - the show is very much aware of her cruelty and the rest of the characters show little respect for her - the fact of the matter is that she normatizes the idea that ignorance and bigotry are traits to be proud of in the working class. Indeed, the fact that she’s beloved by the audience and frequently hated by the other characters only adds a perversity to her negative traits. Given that she is beloved because of her continual perseverance through adversity the fact that she is derided for her ignorance, nosiness, and cruelty by other characters only becomes another source of adversity.
Make a city with all the boxes and containers in the recycling bin! (Still a favorite around here!)
I'm not allowed to talk to you about my Strip Tease strip that I am working on for Danny.
After the concert ended, we stumbled into the packed Metro caked in dirt (the rain had made the ground very mushy, to say the least), sweat (ours and others), and beer (one time when someone threw their cup over the crown, I actually got beer in my eye. Ouch+eww) bruised, sore, tired, and smelling strongly of weed. We went to a station (still in town) where we were picked up by my mom and brought to the place where Emi's drum teacher, Nick's (not the Nick I've talked about previously, a different Nick :-P), band was playing (their set only started at 12:00). They are a really fricken' good jazz band! I loved their music. Apparently the previous two bands that had played before were good as well, so although Emi hadn't sold anything, she'd enjoyed the music. My one problem with the evening: a university student ended up hanging out with Emi for a while, and he was TOTALLY hitting on her. My little sister. Getting hit on. By a guy in his early twenties!!! He thought she was older than she was, and she made no move to tell him otherwise. Instead, she gloated at me, since I'd informed her she would never pass for 18, and she did. *Grumbles* But big sister over protectiveness aside, it was a great evening. :-P Frequently, Ty and I would wander out and wander around the street. Ty got something to eat, a slightly drunken guy played us a song on a ukulele, and, considering, he was pretty good! When Ty handed him a couple of dollars, the ukulele player happily informed us that it was enough for another beer. Oh dear. :-P
Jethro can see what’s happening. Moses is suffering under the burden of these people, and it’s affecting his personal life (we read earlier in the chapter that Moses had sent away his wife and sons – v.2-3 – but Jethro brought them back to him). Jethro submits to the Lord Almighty (v.10-12), and then offers his advice to Moses.
Ms. Amanda has made a big difference in my life. She has a small stature but a huge, loving heart. She is a very kind person. Her eyes are open to identify where help is needed, and then she is quick to take action. She has inspired me to pursue my dreams, achieve my goals, and to get as much education as I can. In addition, she tells me never to give up and encourages me to be a great leader. She pushes me to fulfill my potential. She cares about me, as well as all the other students in Global Leaders, coming to visit each of us at home to get to know our families. She taught me how to meet new people and practice interpersonal skills, while impressing upon me the importance of such traits as honesty and integrity. I love her fun-filled, vivacious personality. There is never a day when she doesn’t share a smile with me.
I am starting to enjoy oil painting. I am starting to see the results.
1. What just happened
"I know that my Redeemer lives!"
But I just find them rather strange.
It wasn’t just that a cab driver liked the same music I like, it was that it was so unexpected. I’m the furthest thing from a racist, but just like everyone else I reach conclusions about people based on their age, appearance and whether or not they’re an organ donor. Needless to say I was more than pleasantly surprised when I said, “Yo, you can turn up the radio if you want.”
So, all of these 5 kinds of Fathers, Mothers and Authority figures can lead to sexual sin, drugs, alcohol addictions, addictions, shame, anger, frustrations, depressions, performances and other things written there. Some may not go to drugs, sex or alcohol because these things may not be popular in their generations, because of their place of stay or other things, but as living in a fallen world, we all fall into one way or another. We are not to judge our authority figures in these things, but release forgiveness and understandings, because that shows that they too had faced those kinds of things. It also does not mean that they don’t love us, they too had a past which are needed to be healed, it’s just that hurt people hurt others, so we are not to judge them and we have no authority to judge them for that unless there are things we need to stand up in our rights, one of our main authority is to release forgiveness for whatever had happen to each one of us in anyways, weather we consider the situations small or big, and though there will be things we need to stand up in our rights.
Let’s talk numbers and interpret the data. Perhaps I’m reading too far into it, but I think I’ve done something wrong and it’s entirely my responsibility.
There are several large candidates in the Milky Way that might go supernova in the next million years, these stars include VY Canis Majoris, Betelgeuse, and Eta Carinae. Once these stars explode, they will provide a vital part in stellar evolution. Supernova explosions are the source of many heavy elements including uranium and plutonium. All of these elements get shot out into space and form clouds of dust that eventually condense and form new stars, or the shock wave can trigger star formation in an already present cloud. This is likely the cause of formation for our own star. This includes the Earth and us. We owe our existence to these violent explosions, the death of a star. As Carl Sagan would say, "We're made of star stuff."
And then I last saw him when my son was about 1yr old, and very much into Bob the Builder. Of course by then I was on my own. Crush still there.
To La Liga where the title race is certainly back on as Real Madrid dropped points at home to Valencia whilst Barcelona came from a goal down to comprehensively beat an in-form Real Zaragoza 4-1. If the champions win the clássico later this month then they’ll just be a point of off Real. To quote the Spanish press, ‘Hay Liga’. Hay Liga indeed.
10. Eclipse 1:57
prostrate on the floor before the LORD. Nobody may even hear you, but you’re
This is my problem
While talking to Geo News, he said that the judgment by the SC bench was not proper.
Huitlacoche Quesadilla. This is a deep fried fresh masa pocket, topped with queso fresco stuffed with a type of fungus that is technically a corn disease. In Mexico, it’s a delicacy, but in the US farmers consider it to be a crop blight. Literally “Corn Smut”. In my opinion it was the best dish of the evening. I wish you could get them at Taco Bell.
do bats poop on humans?
So if you're joining me from there, welcome.
Juan comes in, leading Micheletto, who’s in handcuffs. He tells them that he found the man skulking outside the gates and asks if the others recognize him. Alexander does—he recalls the man pouring the wine at dinner. That’s some serious attention to the people who were usually supposed to be all but invisible. Cesare asks della Rovere if he knows the man and della Rovere says he doesn’t. Juan grabs Micheletto and says he’ll take him to the prison to loosen his tongue. Alexander gives him leave to do so.
9-You shopped for something that cannot be eaten.
Earlier, I wrote about our recent visits this year to the Freiburg market in Germany or the Munsterplatz, under the shadow of a 700 year old cathedral and surrounded by carefully restored medieval and renaissance buildings. In Karlsruhe, Germany each day, we visited a farmers’ market a few metres away from our hotel. It was right in the heart of a major junction where there were streetcars, cyclists, shoppers, commuters, cafes and a local summer festival event that had a children’s carousel, stalls with German street food, candy and concert stage.
So, the next idea was to create little bags of thing, projects, toys, ect, that were to be brought out ONLY when homeschooling the older ones and the system that told you how to do it only cost.... Yep, it cost. I do believe the laborer is worthy of their hirer, but I am BROKE. I could swing the money for the supplies for the bags but not the book that told me how to make them. So, I had to do something different.
I made out last weekend. Jen, a friend from my Thursday morning trail run group, hooked me up with a free race entry to the San Francisco marathon. It was such a last minute thing, I got confirmation of entry the afternoon before the event. Well it ended up being a really fun time. I enjoyed most of it and it's been too long since I ran my last marathon. The last time I entered a marathon was back in 2004, quite some time. The idea was to run with Jen and pace for the entire race. I'm not in racing shape but I knew I could complete the distance without killing myself. Her goal was to come in under 4 hours which was within my capabilities.
And that's it. I hope some of you reading this will take the time to visit some of the excellent blogs listed above. I assure you, they are better than this one!
Have extra activities. Sometimes what you have planned takes less time than expected. Be sure to have other activities to fill in if you have extra time in your lesson.
Jesus did this Himself. He would disappear and go off by Himself to pray and spend time with God. Jesus tells His disciples and us that at times we need to not be serving others, but give ourselves some time with God. We have to do this, otherwise our relationship with the Father will diminish and we will not be able to serve as well as He needs us to.
//-->I must be one of the few to have never seen the Yash Raj mega blockbuster Amitabh Bachchan, Jaya Bhaduri and Rekha starrer Silsila. I was always in love with the songs but never got around to watching the movie. I finally did and I have to say I am terribly disappointed. I had heard such good things about the movie and I enjoyed the first half so much, it probably upped my expectations a lot… so much so that I ended up intensely disliking Amitabh and Rekha’s character towards the end of the movie.
Day #7. Sing in the Shower.
Last month we noted how economists from Citi said that the domestic energy story had the potential to turn the US into the next Saudi Arabia, sparking a new industrial revolution.
A Brownie Hawkeye camera. 1950's model. $12.
The beer poured a reddish amber color without much head. Smelled pretty hoppy with some caramel malt tones and a small amount of citrus. This was a very good combination of sweet malt and bitter hop finish. What is nice about the beer is that their is a fairly large dose of both malt and hops. Malt sweetness first but then the bitter citrus and piney hops come through at the end. The bitterness isn't so much that it is a problem and that makes this beer very smooth. I don't think I could session this beer because it has a 7.5% ABV but could very easily enjoy one with dinner.
Hello, Aranyaprathet!
So Support and check out “Black Girls Run”
Ha ha, holy crap, I’m finally almost done! I’m finally on the last Hellraiser movie I have to review this month, because it’s the last one on the DVD box set I have, and that’s an excuse if I ever heard one! I’m not even doing one of those silly Project Hellraiser Logs I’ve been half-assing for a while now! And who knows? Maybe this, the sixth sequel, will FINALLY BE THE BIG BREAK OUT THIS SERIES IS WAITING FO---oh, no it won’t be.
Day 1: Took cab of 80 year old non-English speaking driver from the LaGuardia airport to my friend’s apartment in Brooklyn. Took the subway to Queens and met with fancy Italian restaurant manager, Vinny, about a job. Then, traveled to Manhattan to meet with a man subletting a room in his apartment (my potential roommate– 40 year old gay Puerto Rican, who runs a floral creation business from home). Subway back to Brooklyn, ate dinner, then went to bed curled up in the fetal position.
UPDATE: Herman Cain has suspended his campaign after a woman named Ginger White stepped forward and claimed a thirteen year affair with the candidate. It seems that this particular bit of smoke had some fire behind it. Cain blames the media for his sinking polls and thus the suspension of his campaign, but it would be more likely that his poor performance in interviews and debates - particularly on foreign affairs - did him in. If allegations of affairs with presidential candidates were disqualifiers, Bill Clinton would never have been elected. But the Lothario-in-Chief got into the Oval Office because his responses and debate performances were as strong and rock-solid as his libido. In my opinion, Herman Cain's campaign was over with that infamous question on Libya. It's painful to watch. I'm with S.E. Cupp. He just wasn't up to the task and it was only a matter of time before it became obvious.
