image: Jamie
"I'll just take the back stairs", I said, after the pregnant and very uncomfortable pause of them doing fucking nothing to help me whatsoever though their mess.
Along with the quilt for Grandpa, I also convinced my Mom to sew on binding for several other of my longest-time-in-the-UFO-cue-EVER small quilts. Now they are all finished too! I added captions to the photos so you can tell what the projects are, and as usual, click the image to get a much better view!
1. In a bowl mix sugar and the next 5 ingredients (thru oregano).
What was really interesting though was sitting watching the queue for the boarding. Now I’m not a great one for standing in lines, so when I pitched up there with a few minutes to spare before boarding was supposed to start, I found myself a conveniant wall and had a seat.
I've tried. But the pain wakes me between 2 and 3am each time and the only way of making it feel less than excruciating is to not lie down any more.
I always offer to read the Lease out loud to every tenant prior to him or her signing and taking possession of a unit because the Lease is supposed to be a binding legal contract, and the following specific clauses are included in a Standard Lease Agreement for the purpose of defraying real costs incurred by a Landlord through misuse of the premises:
Since then, I have always had short hair, usually in a bob. Because I am a low maintenance kind of girl, I can’t stand to spend longer than the few minutes it takes me to brush this mop to do my hair. If I had to spend an hour a day curling and fussing I’d literally go on a killing spree. Unfortunately, my longish bob that I have now and wear in a ponytail most often, is starting to give me headaches.
Dare I say it, the reveal trailer for this year’s instalment of the never ending Call of Duty franchise has got me a bit excited. Finally, a CoD developer is innovating. For ages now, gamers have been speculating about where the franchise can go, now that they’ve covered the past and the present, and the only obvious answer was the future. So it’s not very surprising that Treyarch have opted to move forward in time with their next FPS outing. What is surprising is the version of the future they have opted to explore. I imagine most people would have expected an over the top, ridiculous future with giant mechs and lasers flying all over the place. Refreshingly, Treyarch have created a future that feels startlingly real.
As for Dr. John himself? He sounds as sly as he ever has. If he’s either bemused or invigorated by the youngsters willing to indulge his weird side, he’s not letting on—he’s the same character he’s been since day one. He’s certainly not phoning it in, and with all songs credited to the entire studio band, he’s happy to be a team
There ya go!
She said: "Where's little man?"
Caution: The following post should only be read by people who “believe”.
Genre: Teen Fiction Horror & Suspense
Linkin Park Female Merchandise Items
Isabella ... Evangelina Sellán
This our most favorite night.... See you all then!!!! Carol
with her platelet count so low, there is risk of her bleeding out.
..shut the umbrella down on the picnic table...
Satan ended his statement by issuing a stern warning to the Petknode owners and other animal abusers.
So why aren’t more people eating sea vegetables? Truth be told, they taste terrible by themselves. However, made properly, you would be surprised at how good they taste!
Back to Sullivan. Hands down, the best essay in this collection is the Axl Rose piece. Sullivan gives us a current profile of the former rock star and it is just brilliant. If you read only one of these essays, make it “The Final Comeback of Axl Rose.” Sullivan easily finds a path to connect his own life to that of the Guns N’ Roses lead singer, and it involves humble Indiana roots—a background that may be best described by a Mellencamp lyric. As is common for most thirty-somethings, Guns N’ Roses comprised a few tracks on the soundtrack of my youth and reading this essay transported me back to the 90s, and also to an embarrassing moment when I walked out of my house singing (off-key) the lyrics to “Patience.” Of course a neighbor kid was walking by, and my cool factor dropped, yet again, several levels. Regardless, recalling those songs and thinking about how we thought about Axl back in those days was entertaining. Sullivan memorializes “Patience,” writing about it better than I ever could:
I shared briefly some of my potty training necessities back in November. We were only just beginning down the potty training trail, so I didn’t want to share too much “advice” in case this turned into another epic failure. Now that we are mostly potty trained, I feel a little more confident to share with you some things I have learned along the way.
* Take kids to Las Vegas for spring break.
UPDATE (1): 30th September, 2011. Some interesting news and claims in today’s reporting of the transaction. The BBC is claiming that by controlling the loans, the Barclay twins “have acquired the hotels”. Of more significance but probably related to the BBC report is the Belfast Telegraph’s reportingof Paddy McKillen’s response to NAMA’s announcement : “He is investigating the deal and is concerned about how the sale may affect his shareholding” said Paddy’s spokeswoman who hasn’t yet responded to a request for comment from here. The paper also says that Paddy “was considering mounting a legal action to scupper the deal, claiming he wasn’t consulted”
There is no error in the Pro and Con paragraph’s.
~Will Rogers
Piece of cake: slice visitandine in half horizontally.
Earrings: Itty Bitty Piggy earrings – Hollyweird
Of course many ordinary people will still view the deal as generous but given a wife generally has the legal right to one half of the family home, then unless NAMA can show a transaction with the wife was undertaken to deprive creditors, the agency is powerless to confiscate the wife’s share. So NAMA is using its power and influence to force the wife to sign away her rights.
This Spider novel starts out so breakneck it's almost as if Page decided to speed things up by throwing out the first couple of chapters; you don't even know where the giant robots attacking the city came from, but the Spider's already in a pitched battle with them when the book opens, and the pace never slows down. The masked' vigilante's twin .45s have no effect against The Iron Man and his giant robot army, and even suicidally ramming them with his limousine does no good, but The Spider is determined to the point of insanity, and even a bad case of pneumonia won’t stop him from taking on the threat. The action is so constant it gets a little numbing, but it’s still another solid Spider novel, even if some of the action is a little far-fetched (such as when The Spider blows up a robot’s finger-gun by firing a .45 slug down it’s barrel! But, what the hell, The Butcher did that in one of his books, too...)
Our middle child signed up for aerobics. Sometimes the instructor would forget about the aerobics carnet but there were only six people in the class (and he was the only boy).
He bought himself some time: "I have to ask ma femme", and wandered a few steps away, talking into his mobile phone. He came back looking concerned. "I'm so sorry...., but my wife doesn't really want to sell that .... it's very useful to her.... she has more at home ... they aren't in very good condition .... come back this evening when I pack up .... or you could call ... here's my telephone number ... then that's settled, we'll see you tomorrow...." !!
As regards EU legislation, the AG observed that neither Directive 2002/58 nor Directive 2006/24 provided a possibility or an obligation to retain or to use personal data for cases of infringement of IP rights when such infringements are invoked by private parties, nor to use already existing data retained for different purposes. The AG also noted that, although Article 8 of Directive 2004/48 did make some reference to personal data, that provision specified neither the kind of personal data referred to nor the purpose or duration of its retention or the nature of the subjects entitled to access it in the case of infringement of IP rights.
What utter BS.
I made a commitment today. Over the past week, I’ve been asking myself the same question over and over again – “What are you waiting for?” I never came up with a good answer.
Aspiring writers are told, ‘write about what you know’, so I suppose I should be grateful for having had a varied life, but it wasn’t only travelling as an adult that broadened my experience, my childhood was survived against a background of constant change. By my teens, we’d lived in as many homes as I’d had birthdays. The downside, apart from favourite books being ‘lost in the move’ ­– a family catch-phrase and favourite explanation of all things disappeared – was being always the new girl at school and a perpetual ‘outsider’. Much later in life I discovered this could be a distinct advantage to a writer.
The US interferance is very clear in Bahrain and the Iranian interferance has been very clear ever since 1957 when Iran took a case to the UN to claim Bahrain as its own and failed at it. Ever since that time, the opposition have been exposing itself violently in hope to over throw the government every 10 years since then. And every 10 years, they grow stronger and stronger but fail every time. What people fail to understand is the middle east has no choice with the Americans. The only thing keeping Israel from attacking any Arab country IS the US and the US are in the middle east to protect their interests….oil.
Cardstock: Stampin' Up
The DA's Ian Ollis is leading the charge. "What we have been forced into with the e-tolls is the world's most expensive toll collection system,'' said Ollis. ''It will cost over R1-billion a year just to collect the tolls. That money will not go to upgrading highways but to the company that won the tender."
Could it be, that we are exactly in the same situation today, just as it was before the flood?
– Florida Police Officer Killer To Be Executed Today After 33 Years
Writing to the saints at Corinth on the subject of redemption and salvation by Christ, the Apostle Paul says, “all things are of God.” As in all other aspects of salvation, our redemption by Christ is attributed to the Lord God alone. As we read the Scriptures, we cannot avoid being confronted with the fact that in this matter of salvation, nothing is ever ascribed to us, caused by us, or dependent upon us. But “all things are of God.” That is the language of the Bible (Deuteronomy 7:6-9; Psalms 106:8; 115:1).
This is the last thing that I would like to discuss. Firstly the name – are they transfers or Proof of Payment (POP). Depending on where you are, or what you are doing they can be either. My feeling is that they should be called POP. Because that is what they are. And it should be expected that all passengers be required to have a POP (not unlike the GO transit system in and around the GTA). It can be used to transfer from one vehicle to another – but its main purpose is to show that you paid to be on the system.
When men are the prime targets of sexual selection, as in tropical ‘female farming’ societies, the result is accentuation of certain male features. Meanwhile, there is a slackening of female-targeted sexual selection, which leads to women having a more functional and less ornamental appearance. This pattern is reversed when women are the prime targets of sexual selection (Frost, 2008).
"GREAT NEWS: PET scan shows no sign of spread of cancer to other parts of body! PRAISE GOD!!! Much love, Donna."
Scorching your love and mind,
“Never loose focus and track,
How about you? Movie moments?
She said: “He was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. The people who attacked him are not children and something needs to be done before something goes drastically wrong in Oldham.”
my two lips
/opt/StorMan/arcconf GETCONFIG 1
Now we are back to school tomorrow and I am going to catch up on all the things that I couldn't get done while the kids were off. Only 8 more weeks of school and then it's summer. That's very hard to believe.
I walk my path
Scarlett.”
He and other campers who joined the protest faced repeated legal attempts by the authorities to force them to leave Parliament Square.
But that doesn’t mean we didn’t have fun!
What’s this? A finance group? Engaging in pay for services? Holy crap, you should be on the floor of the Exchange.
You may also like…
The court made some concluding comments about the extent to which a court can interpret legislation according to the policy underlying it and the respective roles of the courts and legislature. It also commented on the limits to which a principle of ‘technological neutrality’ can influence a court’s application of a legislative provision to later technology.
Another aspect of the Jewish question is that many young Jews are becoming interested in Christianity, because among Jews also there is the same kind of religious seeking and problems that occur among other people. Some of them are being converted to Christianity, and some of them are coming to Orthodoxy. This is already a sign, a preparation for the fact that at the end of time the Jews will be restored to Christianity, to Christ. St. Paul expresses this by saying that, if the falling away of the Jews meant “riches” to the Gentiles – because when the Jews fell away the Gentiles were invited into the Church – then the restoration of Israel will be like a rising from the dead. And this event will come right before the end.
I write to bring this history alive -- if for no one else, then for me.
There is nothing quite like the warming quality of a hearty, home made soup on a cold winter's day. This potato soup recipe is dead easy, cheap as chips and utterly delicious. It comes courtesy of my mom; she has been whipping up batches for over 60 years. I am hesitant to say how many servings this recipe makes because it depends on the size of the potatoes, but we usually get around 12 servings out of it.
This took Henna off-guard a little bit. “I’ll have to think about it,” she said eventually.
I once read that people with a strong need to shoulder responsibility build themselves big shoulders and we have enough sloping shoulder family members with no intention or desire to carry any burdens for me to believe this.
Conservation of energy – Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia.” Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. N.p., n.d. Web. 16 Apr. 2012.
You can’t convince me that this wasn’t trotted out within a week of that major national child porn bust in order to gain maximum public relations traction from the general revulsion that one had to feel after watching those news items.
I blush and Ethan and Simon seem torn between looking sympathetic and amused
Sitting in an airport lounge, watching the planes land and take off, takes you to the ‘future’, at least the one we would wish to have. I am not a ‘technology radical’ and I am deeply aware that several technological products have brought serious problems to people and the environment. But I cannot avoid being overwhelmed by the magic ambience of airports and everything that this may imply. Because by taking a moment to observe things after making a step backwards, I realise that I am in the situation in which man achieves things that I would just dare to imagine… And not only that, but he can also bring it to a level of functional perfection, proving that we have more potential than what we think. Even though this ‘other reality’ is restricted in few thousands of square meters and outside there is the ‘real world’ with the many problems… At least when you are in an airport you feel that you have to ‘look up’ and you can do the world better. And hopefully we will in the future…
The ugliness of racism has been brought back into the spotlight with the murder of seventeen year old Trayvon Martin by self appointed, wannabe sheriff George Zimmerman and the botched, seven hour and thirty minute investigation, give or take about five minutes, by the Sanford police and other Florida authorities who failed to give the crime its due consideration. Initially, the police claimed there was no evidence to contradict Zimmerman’s claim that he murdered the black teenager in self defense. The police bought the story and sent the shooter home with the gun he used to kill Trayvon in hand. It wasn’t until the people protested did the higher ups in Florida realized that a high profile travesty of justice was happening in their backyard and reopened the investigation and Zimmerman was finally charged with a crime and held in police custody.
You don’t need a script to tell the truth
Your Mac is now ready for iCloud. Visit me.com/move from a Mac or PC to make the move to iCloud.
Yowch. I’d say anything that makes dusting the end tables look good qualifies as a pretty serious Con. But what really bothers me about the whole thing is this: is the Extreme Homemaker yet another ideal to which we must aspire, like the cupcake- and Kleenex-brandishing Office Mom? Another iconic self? A perfectionist response to the dilemma of having too many choices and feeling a little insecure about the one we’ve chosen? It kind of reminds me of this quote, from Sandra Tsing Loh in the Cautionary Matrons piece I wrote about awhile back:
This is so fun! Imagine the look of wonder and surprise when your kids receives a photo of Santa caught in the act in your very own home. iCaughtSanta.com is a unique website that helps visitors create those memorable keepsake photos.
Yes you read right folks, today the sun managed to give us a sneaky peak of what we've got to come in the way of gorgeous spring weather.
However, it is unsurprising that with men from many backgrounds filling these posts, not all were well behaved. In 1858 George Reeves, Station Master at Lowdham Station on the Midland Railway, pleaded guilty to embezzling the company out of an unspecified amount. In passing sentence the judge stated that he Reeves had been placed in a position of ‘great confidence and trust,’ and while he showed remorse, he was sentenced to
For centuries, Zoigl was brewed in brewhouses owned by the town or an association of homebrewers. The wort was then brought to the private cellars of the brewers, where it was lagered until done. Then the beer was tapped directly from the lagering tank and sold in the private rooms of the brewery, which were used as a pub.
CULVER CITY, CALIF. (December 2, 2011) – The inspirational story based on Michael Lewis’ best-selling book, Moneyball, slides home on Blu-ray™, DVD and Blu-ray/DVD Combo Pack January 10th and on digital December 22nd from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. The critically acclaimed film stars two-time Academy Award® nominee Brad Pitt (Twelve Monkeys, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button) in an outstanding performance as Oakland A’s General Manager, Billy Beane. On the roster with Pitt are Jonah Hill (Get Him to the Greek), Academy Award® winner Philip Seymour Hoffman (2005, Best Actor, Capote) and Golden Globe® nominee Robin Wright (1994, Best Actress, Forrest Gump).
Through it all, I've done what moms around the world do each and every day: I've parented and nurtured my kids to the best of my ability, given our circumstances.
HEALTH AND THE PHYSICAL BODY
West Side Story with Natalie Wood
I have two words for that: Santa Claus.
The sales guy was stunned. He decided that it must have been a fluke and asked Dad to try dropping a plate instead.
In England, rugby players throwing off their clothes at the first opportunity is no new thing but at least they usually wait till they get off the play field (and are in the bar), before getting started.
She mentioned you had died.
God, or a fairy, will get us for this one.
Forrest J. Ackerman. Forry praised Harryhausen loud, long
-$1/2 mq
This is one of those movies that I had been longing to see for months before I ever got the chance to view it. The title grabbed my attention immediately, and that, along with the premise and the fact that it stars Sandra Dee made me almost certain that it would be amazing. Usually when a movie has so much going for it, the expectations are lived up to. Unfortunately, as you'll remember from last Sunday, this isn't always the case, but Doctor, You've Got to be Kidding! doesn't disappoint.
The quieter you become the more you are able to hear. – Lao Tzu
And the light changes.
The conversion of the track (which was laid in 1882) from metre gauge to broad gauge took 14 years to complete but even when that was done, all the State got was a single line. Gauge conversion was budgeted in 1978 and completed in 1992.
Samsung cellular phones data ceremoniously around terrific arena with phone models by using a lot of the a lot of stylish cool gadgets by using multi-tasking capacities plus leading-edge functions inculcated there. Pattern prudent a Samsung cellular phones have got a time extensive name with furnishing a slimmest smartphones exceeding all its challengers, as well as big players for instance Nokia, LG, Blackberry mobile phones, Motorola, Sony Ericsson and so forth ..
Highly recommended--*****
Butter cooking spray
Contribute Money: The most simple and straight forward of all charitable giving…money. If your cash flow is alright at the moment and you can spare a bit of the green stuff, consider picking out a local worthy charity that fits the values of your company and donate. If you have employees, you might consider offering a matching funds program where they donate to a charity that you both agree upon and your company matches their donation. It’s a great way to show your employees that you care about organizations that are important to them. In turn, it builds loyalty with those employees and awareness of your company by folks in the community who care about the charitable organizations that you are supporting.
So, after dwelling in the awful world of poisonous chemicals and corrupted officials, the only fitting way to conclude this series of articles is to explore the all-natural ways to restore health.
I just saw this great New Zealand TV news report all about the new national sport READING!
Basically, a load of rich people lent a load of money to poor people never likely to be able to pay them back.
Thank you Oldest, for teaching your mommy another life-lesson. I love you. And, you can bet, I am hoping too, that you will have the joy of giving everything on your Christmas List.
I feel better and better about myself, anyway, being in my new lifestyle here at the coast. I'm so much more outdoors and walking on the beach before and after work, I've even been buying myself some new sexier clothes!
Meanwhile, Alurax and co had finished their investigation of the demonic statue and had found nothing that could be moved or pulled on it. They decided to look at the plinth but to do that, they had to topple the statue itself; they applied the strength of all four characters and eventually managed to push it, get it rocking and finally send it crashing to the floor whereupon it splintered into a mass of shattered stone.
B. Rebirth of The Anti-Christ (Instrumental version) (6:19)
Nicolai Sennels is a Danish psychologist who has done extensive research into a little-known problem in the Muslim world: the disastrous results of Muslim inbreeding brought about by the marriage of first-cousins. This practice, which has been prohibited in the Judeo-Christian tradition since the days of Moses, was sanctioned by Muhammad and has been going on now for 50 generations (1,400 years) in the Muslim world.
Each mark
Black Frog Studio in Shanghai is run by a Canadian photographer. Phil tells me that he’s originally from Montreal but has lived and worked in Shanghai the last eight and a half years. As a Westerner I got curious of how it is to work as a photographer in China. Phil says that he has no problem with his profession in China, as long as his work remains artistic.
So instead, I'll share a cat story. I've mentioned before that Peno is our "good cat". All that really means is she's the least bad.
Row 9- (1sc in 5sc, 2sc in next) (42)
our souls are
*Adding flour or cornstarch to cheesecakes helps prevent them from cracking while baking.
2: Give every black cat you see a good rub down so they won’t follow you around, and get in your way.
80 min: There’s havoc in the Newcastle box now as they have to strain to resist the risingt pressure from Chelsea. Lampard has jsut gone close, flashing a shot wide from the edge of the area. It’s going to be a long end to this match for Newcastle, as there could be around 10 mintues stoppage time. But they’re still playign with two men up front so a counter-attack cannot be ruled out.
2) There was a man who was looking for a way to make a statement about domestic violence and bring awareness to all people. He went to case after case and he noticed the same thing – purple bruises. So the purple ribbon came out of that day.
Until now, I wasn't completely sure this case was over. It's over. He'll walk, later if not sooner.
10. No brain power left to think of a #10.
But I was once got fresh egg noodle without ramen-broth by accident.
shoes thrown.
Doomsday
I think the problem started with that video aquarium in my doctor’s office – a high definition clumsy attempt at relaxing a patient before their doctor’s visit, a reference to nature where there is none. There is something decidedly cheesy and new age about the aquarium, like those racks of cds in Target recording the sounds of wind and water. The aquarium and the cds do not have to go any deeper than a ploy at relaxation – they are not metaphors, they are mere copies, imitations of nature.
If you want me to follow your blog just leave the link here and I will check it out :3
Anyways.... I'll be back soon i need to go tidy my room up it's a bombsite!!
More anon.
We have reported revenues in excess of £100m with a 44% rise in turnover to £125.1m…
Belinda's Dream
Love you guys!
The first goal was from a Cesc Fabregas pass after some good work by Samir Nasri, he worked the second himself after some poor Liverpool defending, his hat-trick was gifted to him on a platter thanks to more atrocious defending from Liverpool and his fourth came from a brilliant counter attack that was launched by Theo Walcott. His first full season with Arsenal was last season and he came up with the goods scoring 10 league goals in 30 appearances but he got injured when Arsenal played Barcelona in that 2-2 draw at the Emirates.
“Poisoning animals is cowardly because you don’t have to see them die,” Williams said.
"It would allow the extension of a pedestrian area along Artist's Way right up to the creek at Governor's. With all the senior residences there, it would aid the elderly in accessing shopping in a safer environment."
I am beginning to walk down a new path of faith; this road is, to some extent, reminiscent of the former road traveled. The only difference is my awareness to how God sees me and others around me.
For instance, the makers of Crisco were just trying to find a way to get rid of their industrial sludge leftover from making candles. Some one along the way thought it looked like lard (not too unlike the time my very own Mema thought she could substitute a bay leaf for basil in a pasta dish since they were both leaves and started with ba... they might have looked similar but they were definitely NOT similar!) This person took this lard look alike and baked a pie with it. Surprisingly it worked out okay and tasted okay. Viola! A new (cheaper) oil was introduced to the market. What they didn't know then was that it is very damaging to humans in a very slow and unapparent way. For more of the whole story on Crisco, please see: The Rise and Fall of Crisco. Here is a link that talks about fats in depth, with several other informative links at the bottom of their page: Know your Fats
And here are some of mine, that come purely from my experiences with polymer clay. Many polymer clay artists have incredibly insightful tips scattered all over the internet; I do not. I just have these *G*
“Marxists should not weigh up the policies of this or that opposing state to work out who is the most "progressive". They should always orientate towards the Labour movement and side with those fighting for democratic demands and self determination. Consistent democracy should be our principle and not be afraid to attack fearlessly all forces that fail this test even if we generally support their cause.”
Read on and see two simple recipes I created in a New York Minute…and remember to glide your mouse over the images for further description.
CN: I would change the social differences in terms of life quality, the social division and the corruption which makes Colombia a country that can’t grow very quickly.
Have a nice week-end !
1 flippers
Grit in the Gears blog-book pdf., from december 2006 is a 50.4 MB file.
Row 1- ch2, turn, 2sc in 2nd ch from hook.(RS)
The next 30 years were generally good years for the City, Tammany Hall, Hell’s kitchen and the McManus club. The City’s economy expanded rapidly as trusts headquartered in New York expanded their hegemony over the national economy, and manufacturing in such new industries as ready to wear garments, ship and aircraft building, telephones and radio expanded. The city’s population rapidly expanded as Italian and Jewish immigrants joined the German and Irish of a previous generation, as did Blacks coming up from the South to Harlem. In the beginning of the 20th century Irish Street gangs such as Gophers, the Hudson Duster’s and the Whayyo still had considerable influence and in the case of the Gophers became notorious for attacking policemen, stealing their uniforms and staging day light hold ups of the New York Central Trains traveling down eleventh Avenue. In 1910, the New York Central hired a minor army of private detectives to carry out a series of largely successful raids to destroy the Gophers and end the hold ups. By the time of the first World War, many of the young men of the neighborhood who in earlier times might have been part of the gangs went with the American Expeditionary force to France where they fought honorably as part of “the Fighting 69th” where the chaplain was Father Duffy who would later be assigned to Holy Cross Church.
I hate to start with a negative beer, but I'm going in alphabetical order. Big Horse's entry was a Home Brew science experiment gone bad. Flavors were all over the board, some we're even in the playing field. A mess of Sweet and sour with some uncooked doughy bread yeastiness.
KNJXF Blog (knjxfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
For the pudding:
sauce. Place the milk, cream and one tsp of the sugar into a heavy bottomed saucepan. Bring to a gentle simmer and then turn the heat down to the lowest setting. Place the sugar and egg yolks into a bowl and whisk together with a hand whisk until creamy. light and pale in colour. Continue to whisk and slowly pour the warm cream mixture into it at a slow drizzle. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve back into the saucepan. Add the vanilla pod and the seeds. Cook, whisking constantly, over low heat until the mixture thickens somewhat. Don't be tempted to rush this process, or you will end up with scrambled eggs. The mixture should coat the back of a metal spoon when it is done. Pass through a fine sieve again and keep warm until needed.
Let’s knock this stuff off.
VinZant says water hammers can be stopped by installing water hammer arrestors on the affected water lines or using expanding foam.”
And third, if you haven’t yet outlined, consider doing so. Even the roughest, most rustic framework will give you a sharper eye for your beginning and, again, will serve to unfetter your mind. Your outline could be a simple list of things-that-are-gonna-happen, or it could be a detailed chronological narrative of all your plot threads and how they relate. I find that knowing where I’m headed frees my mind from everything but the writing at hand. Being prepared makes you calm, and better equipped to tap into your unique voice—which is the most important ingredient in a good Chapter One.
I think Super 8 has great potential moving to the anime medium. Realistically, the chances of J.J. Abrams licensing his script to a Japanese production company are probably slim to nil, but that doesn’t mean it’s not a good idea. Fortunately, and this is why I watch far more anime than American television, there is no shortage of great stories that already inhabit the anime world.
We have a cute couple, Deepika Sundar (a chirpy Tamilian girl) and Rishab Khanna (a handsome Punjabi boy) who after a lot of trials and tribulations convince their parents and get married, and within a couple of years think of getting divorced! On mutual grounds, of course. The trouble they majorly face here is: their parents have developed a fondness for them as well as their respective families. They now look up to Deepika and Rishab as the ideal couple and wish for the other children of their community to follow suit. Oh, and did I mention, how desperately both the families look forward to the couple having a baby!?! It’s true when they say, in India you don’t just marry a person, you marry the entire clan!
But there had been one man who had not been satisfied with the committee's findings. Professor Roy Anthony, Pat's old friend and teacher, now head of the institute's department of astrophysics, was convinced that there was more behind the mysterious fires than appeared upon superficial examination. And so, in order to prove his faith in his young protégé, he had offered to privately finance the building of a third balloon, for a final test.
Select the image and then press the following command.
Then came the chickadees
A painting of an image that I saw while I was meditating-maybe dreaming. I started my meditation as normal. I do a countdown exercise where I visualize walking down a flight of steps. Most of the time the visualization is just me in a bright empty room, or space. But this time as I finished the countdown I found myself on a grassy field at night. I walked up to the top of a grassy hill and stood with arms outstretched, bathed in the light of a full moon. It was a wonderful experience and very vivid and real.
Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface, gather it into a ball, and knead it just once or twice to bring it together into a smooth mass. Divide into two pieces place each into a plastic bag and flatten into disks roughly 1 inch thick. Put the dough in the freezer for 20 minutes to chill.
No need to bring up BN’s past mistakes, says Muhyiddin – by Melissa Chi – March 04, 2012
Why?? Isn't it obvious? Butter and I have had a fight, and I've decided, just like with hair, that it's time for a divorce. It can sweet talk me all it wants with its moist, saltiness, but I've moved on.
20. Opera in the snow at night.
In northern India, a recent study found that simply making sure mom and baby were in a clean environment and that the baby was kept warm after birth reduced newborn mortality by more than 50 percent. “You can get rapid change, you can change things within two years,” said Lawn. “You just need the will.”
8. Child In Time 9:54
So what if the work doesn’t meet your exacting standards? So what if you think your artistic talent far exceeds theirs? Who cares if you think their work isn’t “good enough”? This isn’t about you.
This morning while I was on the bus, there was an older lady who was anxious about when and where to get off the bus. I ask her where she wanted to get off, and she said colombo st. I said my school is that way so I know when she needs to hop off the bus.
Of course, I know everyone loses alot their first week...partially due to water and partially because your body kinda goes into shock -- I'm sure it's thinking "what the heck is she doing to me and where are my chips and cookies?" and that's why you lose so much at first. But as long as I'm losing it and learning the correct portions and proper balance of foods, I think I'll be happy and healthier in the long run.
Sony digital cameras, the most popular templates. preferential share capital ranks after the Sony has been identified in the quality of the products and you will find the same quality years of digital cameras in their products.
A bright green and gold parrot in the mango tree over the wall had heard the conversation. "How would you like to race with the beetle?" he asked the big grey rat. "I live next door to the tailor bird," he added, "and just to make the race exciting I'll offer a bright coloured coat as a prize to the one who wins the race. You may choose for it any colour you like and I'll have it made to order."
You'd think the voice behind that editorial might have something to say about the Hunley-Adossa candidacy.
Today the FIA published the final version of the 2012 F1 regulations. Both the Technical and Sporting regs have changes for this year, most notable are the technical changes. The two main changes were expected, being the exhaust position and nose regulations, but there are a large number of new rules concerning control systems.
There’s no doubt that $12 -$15 for a chicken is expensive. In this economy that’s a lot of money for one meal. Here are some tips on making the most of your pastured poultry.
Last Thursday following 2 previous trips to campus for lectures and classes, I returned home to discover I had a meeting about my dissertation pencilled in. So off I trundled again to campus for the 3rd time that day. As I passed Dominos nearing the very thing that irritates me a little more every day, I decided to time how long it actually takes to cross the quays bridge. What seems like an eternity turns out to be just over 3 minutes for me, and i’m not a slow walker. Armed with my iPhone’s calculator in hand, I went on to discover that if we we’re to walk to campus and back, once a day, five days a week, just in term time, this academic year we will spend 15.5 hours of our lives crossing that bridge!
09-Niney And Errol T-False Ship
Thomas took the glass and poured some of the purple liquid into his mouth. He had a surprised look of confusion on his face and then quickly took another sip.
A little piece of the Princess Pupule's papayas
As dog owners, we cannot allow ourselves the luxury of giving in to our anger and frustration. Will we feel these things at times? Yes. But much like a conscientious parent, we have to have the wherewithal to rein it in quick before it disrupts the pack.
I am not going to show you the one that lady made and has in her book cause hers is cuter, better looking. But to be the first one I think it is not too bad. In my defense, I used different, thicker yarn, not 100% alpaca like she did. But I think it looks cute, So, my next post will be on these leg warmers I finished.
All this has led to the number of asylum seekers in Denmark falling by two-thirds in the last five years.
To whom Spring gave birth; I was
You have attempted to at least mock some of my posts but they were taken out of context such as J’s post which was talking about how Christ stated many times that he talked in metaphors instead of in a literal sense in fact the sentence I stated about that before was very clear. At the time you were not discussing science. Makes me wonder if you read any of the comments against you.
During this time I was performing with a band all over Los Angeles. We were chasing the ever illusive, rock-and-roll carrot. We came close several times but never managed to snag the record deal. I was nearing 30 years of age and my dream seemed like it was never going to happen. I had spent the previous five years of my life doing carpentry to stay alive by day and rehearsing, recording, and playing gigs around town at night. In short, it was a life that was going nowhere.
* Each Little Diva Tutus model will receive a complete Little Diva Tutus outfit OR dress to model. The outfit will be decided by Little Diva Tutus and sent within 5-10 business days from the date the winner is announced.
If it’s a crime to take a doll into a restroom
need hope? He is the God of all hope
Total full-price value: about $700
Big On Christmas w G $8.00
Hiya peeps, I thought I'd show you what I've been doing lately and the reason for my absence these past couple of weeks......my best friends wedding is fast approaching, you may remember me showing the invites that I'd made her some weeks ago, well here's the rest of the wedding stationery ensemble. This is the first time I've ever done anything like this, although it was a monotonous task I'm pleased with the result and more importantly so were the soon to be newly weds.
8. To be honest, I wasn't sure how I felt about the Claudette headboard when I first saw it grace the pages of my Ballard Designs catalog. I'm still not totally sold on the little bird (note it is removable) but I love the weathered look of the white and the curves are killer. Add this to the list of things my husband would never allow in the house please. But it works in this design I think.
I'm sure the Assembly does employ more security guards than AM's (not that AM's are actually employees) after all there have to be enough guards to have several on duty at any one time, covering several buildings 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Having a pool of 64 people (not all of whom will be full time employees) to work on a rota basis hardly seems unreasonable does it?
2010.08.26 Thailand Pattani 1 0 A 52-year-old man is killed in a Muslim ambush.
Interior Surface is a proud member of Starnet Worldwide, and we have recently been
So from 6,000′ I headed into wind and was 8.5km upwind and down to 2,500′ before I found another climb which took me up to 4,500′.
The Hunger Games themselves take up the majority of the book, mostly showing Katniss hiding, trying to find food and water out in the wilderness and just to stay alive. There is not a lot of human interaction or dialogue, as any other humans she meets are out to kill her. Again, I feel I ought to have got bored at times through these extended scenes, but Collins keeps you caring enough to want to know what happens next.
I always ink this stamp up with my Stampin Up Markers because it really makes it look lovely when i can color each part. I decided my spot of color would be my Brilliant Blue mushroom! I love that thing! LOL!
Why? Addressing, focusing, and working on the cause will eliminate the negative effect.
Trevor & Curtis - We often feel pressure to do things the way they have always been done, but we stand our ground. We continue to push the envelope and source new products and materials to bring to Saskatoon to keep things fresh and exciting. We also feel that by operating a professional, publicly recognized design firm, we’ve helped to created respect locally for our industry - it’s not just decorating and picking paint colours, it’s the entire package.
Ok, so now, although, you’re a little confused, you have to admit you’re a little interested. You don’t really understand what I’m getting at and not sure you want to. Right? Yes, I know. I see the look of total bewilderment on your face and that bit of indignation showing in your eyes. That’s ok. I’ll keep going anyway.
Michael Penn No myth US
"Sure, anything you want." The man waited, wondering, trying to guess the wish based on the little bit he knew about this boy. Would he ask for world peace? Or a million dollars? Maybe just a new game system, he thought with a wry smile.
I love you "mijo" and I will miss you so much.
It does seem, Lord, that our planting is often in tears. Our lives are filled with challenges, discouragements, and frustrations. Sometimes we are slammed by tragedy. We keep on “planting,” but with plenty of weeping. Thus we long for the day when you will reign completely, when our planting in tears will return an abundant harvest. We look forward to shouting with joy in your presence.
My horniness got the best of me. I stretched out once again on my stomach with the draped coverlet across my derrière and allowed him to spread my legs to take care of the tension between my thighs.
Film: Life In A Day
Then Hans and John had a seemingly inconsequential discussion about an incident in the book in which Nazi soldiers on Zakynthos amuse themselves by throwing down their olive stones for starving children to rescue and nibble clean. Hans said he was left wondering whether this was a historical truth. John said, Of course it was, people were really starving during the war. And then I realized that this illustrated an essential point about the book. Laden as it is with scientific and historical facts, this novel had left Hans uneasy about some of its 'facts'. But it's not factual but emotional truth which novels can best provide, and if a novel works properly on a fictive level, creates a universe which seduces and convinces, we just don't start questioning its 'facts'.
instead I remember the days we had.
9a. If it's clear you haven't implemented some of the most obvious edits (for example, you put your address, or mine, at the top of the email) it annoys me so much I just delete your email and don't send it to the chum bucket.
And I am fucking jealous.
Jeff was gone all last week. Teagan was a tightly wound bundle of emotions. I think the release of all that stress by having him home had to be physically released from her.
Odin’s wife, Frigga—strangely played by Rene Russo—has two or three lines. Sif, the warrior maiden who accompanies Thor on his first adventure, also has a handful of lines. Natalie Portman provides no real importance to the plot. The women are on the sidelines. They aren’t important. Only the men are. The men rule, the women do not.
The settlement agreement prevents either side from taking further legal action in the case. It is not an admission of liability by the city.
The Greek here might well best be translated “they kept on discussing”, since v.14 would seem to indicate that the lack of bread was already being discussed before Jesus made his metaphoric statement. This means that Jesus’ forthcoming rebuke is not only about their lack of understanding of what He has said, but their apparent indifference to Him and His words.(France)
I’d also like to use today’s blog post to bring people who couldn’t make it up to speed.
Remove the orange zest and juice.
Cindy graciously allowed me to throw my buttons in the pot; and I am very pleased to be paired with Kym Hunter as my partner. After cruising through her blog and Flickr photostream, it seems our tastes are similar. Kym is a nature lover, and so am I. She loves Southwestern colors and so do I. She is a jewelry designer, and so am I! Yay! I am so excited! As soon as Cindy emailed me with my partner's name Saturday morning, I got to it, creating 60+ buttons and clasp components.
I was thinking that I wish church could be like that baseball game–where everything we disagree about and hate each other for is forgotten because we are overwhelmed by what is right in front of us. Nothing else mattered that day except baseball. I wish I could say that in the church the only thing we truly cared about was Jesus–that we were truly overwhelmed by Him.
3 – The Dreaded Bathroom Shot
Many of the properties have been reduced by over 50%. 1,887 have been reduced by between 50% and 70% with more than 1,155 properties reduced by more than 70%.
when you are supposed to be enjoying the ambiance and the environment around you...but you are so focused in on one thing? I just had a great lunch at Border Grill in Santa Monica and did I taste the food? Yes and No. It was really good and I'll go back again but I had such a good time that I barely remember what I ate.
The daisy Divas have lost a valued Dt member ..Sheri is moving on and we wish her well for the future..thankyou for all your beautiful cards hun we will miss you MWHAXXXX
My brand new website is work in progress. It will take few more weeks to develop, but once it is up and running, I will have downloadable patterns and information, feedback from customers, blog, picture gallery, video clips etc.
or emerge
We can apply the same theory in Dharma learning.
1227. Bugles, Funions, & Party Mid @ The House (Brigantine, NJ) 2:34 p.m.
In other news: I’m supposed to be doing a Fast Draft with Fiona Harper and Jenna Burke. I’ve been a bit fidgety (awaiting verdict on second revs, and rather a lot hinges on that – more on that subject when I’m able to talk about it) so haven’t written as much as I should. But am getting down to it now.
In my opinion, while infertility ranges from mild to severe, it doesn't mean one person deserves a baby more than another. I think a lot of women, myself included at one point in time, romanticize what our future children will be like, and we don't ever think about the stuff in between. Why? That's human nature. When we want something, we don't worry about the other stuff.
Suggesting with the subtle brevity of the true poet the setting of his tale, he puts before us the land of Exile with its network of poplar-bordered streams and channels, and tells us of a day when he and his comrades, gathered together according to their wont (cf. Acts 16:13) by one of the Babylonian streams for prayer, sat weeping as they thought of the glories of Sion’s worship in which they had at one time shared. Their prayer-gathering by the streamside was brightened by no song or burst of sacred music, for in Babylon, amid strangers and outside Yahweh’s land, the music of the Temple-songs could not be heard, and the harps that in Jerusalem might have swelled the volume of the Temple-orchestra, hung sadly silent on the poplars that lined the stream. As the Exiles prayed and wept, people of Babylon passed that way, and seeing the weeping worshippers and the silent harps, asked mockingly for one of the old glad “songs of Sion.” “But how,” said the Exiles, “can we sing the songs of Yahweh on a soil that is not His?”
And I eat men like air.
There’s a crazy man that’s creeping outside my door
Two years later, when Dawn was 18, she fell in love with a Jamaican driver and had two daughters with him — Sapphia, now 18, and Yasmin, 16. 'Perhaps subconsciously I was trying to recreate the mixed-race family environment I longed for'
“Don’t,” Bolin said, the single word laced with warning.
that gets to caress you before the day even begins.
Europe After the Rain - John Foxx
cause
In these efforts she was catholic in her taste, photographing both hovels and plantation houses. Her garden photography, though heavily weighted toward the rich and famous, shows this same expansiveness, an appreciation of the beauty to be found on the stairs to a basement apartment, as in my favorite photograph of the collection, the Janitor's Garden.
If you’d like to join, here’s what you’ll need to do:
How could I not try one.
Oh, and did I mention the horses and the barnyard cats they are quite chummy. Most of horses are a mix of breeds that I mentioned in an earlier paragraph. A Percheron is a French draft horse that is descendant from Arabian stock as is the thoroughbred. The Percheron is large at 15 to 18 hands high and weighing between 1,500 to 2,600 pounds.
1 14.5 oz can diced tomatoes
I never knew there was falsehood,
Sixty-Five million years ago the dinosaurs were wiped out by something beyond their control, why? Because they weren't advanced/evolved/intelligent enough to do something about the fate which befell them. However the race which crawled from the primordial aftermath eventually evolved into Homo Sapiens with intelligence & who now have the capability to counter such a threat that the dinosaurs faced long before it would happen.
350g Cod Fillet
O God, how long ago.
I did not say that Rock in the OT does not refer to God, which is what your OT Quotes show. I agree with you and the OT, that in the OT Rock is one of the names of God. While the OT uses Rock to refer to God there is nowhere in Scripture that demands that Rock can ONLY & ALWAYS refer to God. You are interpreting these passages as demands but they don’t say that explicitly. In fact in the New Testament Jesus changes Simon’s name to ROCK.
“In business, accountability isn’t achieved by a murderous rampage. But the lesson is this–to be successful in business you have to be tough, and you have to be extremely focused on hitting goals and getting results,” says Moore. That doesn’t mean patience and understanding don’t have a place, he says, but ongoing tolerance of low-performing people or products just eats away at the success of the entire company. “You are ultimately responsible for all of your employees and shareholders, and that requires tough and swift decisions.
over-the-topness that needed to be expressed by a lot of
Grrr….As long as I could remember I have set this same goal and yet I have constantly delayed it. I have attempted many times to accomplish it and then by the next couple of days, my motivation wanes. It is the one goal that seems to never become accomplished. I have heard many times not to set goals that are too hard for you for you to achieve. I don’t think it is hard to achieve – it is totally doable!
There's no real hard limit to where our solar system ends, although as you travel farther and farther from the center, at some point you're no longer gravitationally bound to the Sun and begin feeling the gravitational pull of other nearby stars. This limit is generally placed somewhere around the 1 light-year mark (the next closest star is 4.2 light years away) and roughly marks the outer edge of the Oort cloud, a massive hypothesized reservoir of our solar system's comets.
The karaoke bar was as painful as we expected and though the Dome nightclub was empty on night one, things were looking up by Thursday night. And the best part about a rolling ship is you can always blame an unsteady gait on the waves and not your third Long Island Iced Tea. Security does monitor passenger behaviour however, with assessments usually made by holding brief conversations with anyone looking particularly inebriated. Passengers can be asked to withhold from drinking for the next hour, and if disregarded, their ID card (and hence bar credit) can be confiscated for the night to ensure responsible service of alcohol.
"O-O-K, d-do I- n-n-need to bringa- anytthing?"
(Lil Rodeo Boy)
In the end we went to Suffolk for the day on Saturday - to Sutton Hoo and the Suffolk Punch horse stud (my niece is a qualified equastrian type person). And it's not just me refusing to assimilate to the locale. I asked colleagues, life long Colchestrians where I could go around the town and they were all stumped too. I know that I would have probably found some gems if I'd done some digging. We're not a total cultural desert but it just seemed so hard to think about and it shouldn't be.
17. I Should Have Known It
They have to puff well. Fry them until they are crisp.
My desire to know prevents me at times from trusting and allowing events to unfold on God’s time. I heard in a meeting the other day that “God’s time sucks”, too funny. For those of us that are impatient, this really resonates. And the truth be told, I am ready for the path to unfold before me; I just don’t like the uncertainty of it. But then I am reminded that each time there is a significant change in my life’s direction, the results have been a blessing beyond that which I could have imagined.
All of us worship Gandhiji and love him like our own grandfather and Nehru like our own uncle. But this is not the exhaustive list of freedom fighters in our country. And while some political parties favour some leaders and others favour other leaders, ordinary people like us have a very deep gratitude for all those men and women, both famous and ordinary who fought and sacrificed so that we might be free.
Jonathan came to us at 1 1/2 years old. We flew out the day after Christmas to Ethiopia- what an amazing Christmas gift!!!! We received his referral August so we had to wait about 4ish months to see you. Which of course was waaaayyyyy tooo long. Waiting for the courts to close and reopen and then waiting for the Central Agency in Ethiopia to be created. We had 3 court dates .....and passed none of them because we had to wait......and wait.......and wait. One of the great parts is we traveled well before the 2 trip rule that is in place now. So we didn't have to experience leaving and coming back to get you- whew! We used All God's Children International as our agency- WE LOVE THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They were professional, very picky in a good way, and so caring all the way through the process. Not to mention they prayed with us on the phone a few times. Nothing like the power of prayer!!
The biggest surprise came for Peter when after what felt like an eternity someone knocked on the door of his hotel room. When Abelle opened it none other than his first wife Jennifer stepped inside the room and walked over to the bed while speaking on a cell phone.
Feel free to dress the cones in whatever style, colour or flavour you please. White chocolate and crushed peppermint candies would make for a deliciously festive tree! Or how about milk chocolate and crushed hazelnuts, almonds or pistachios?
After six months of dryness, we again have water.
Well I just want to let you guys know I made it to ukraine safe, but I do
Hero ImpulseIn spite of becoming the 2nd biggest motorbike marketplace on the world, the actual Indian native motorbike area offers usually experienced an enormous gap with regards to variety of goods. During your time on st. kitts happen to be a few daring endeavours within the circumstance associated with off-roaders as well as cruising motorcycles, their own manufacturers possess still did not maintain the vapor heading. The actual off-roader section particularly retains incredible possible within Indian, however absolutely no producer has received just one good providing because the Bajaj SX Moto occurred within the nineties. However everything is placed to improve using the introduction from the amazing off-roading device through Leading man MotoCorp, the actual Leading man Behavioral instinct, that appears perfect for Indian native highways and it is an extremely required photo within the equip for your continuously growing Indian native two-wheeler business.
Start the meeting on a positive tone to help ease any tension.
I've never used this color combo for an entire card and I must say that I loved them together!! It was sooo much fun! The image I chose is called Lilypad Dreams. Doesn't she look so sweet and peaceful. When I create, I love to use glitter and these fairies are the perfect image for it. Basically, I used glitter on her wings, the punched white butterflies, and around the image itself.
The family didn’t know what to do, so they sent a representative of their family to the church. They requested that the church send their people to use their spiritual power, the same power which expelled the demons from the witchdoctor, to bring the lady back to life. By the time Alembrihan arrived, the woman had been dead for six hours. They had already prepared the body for burial and the body was wrapped in tight linen cloth and the arms and feet were bound to prevent rigor mortis from causing the arms and legs to flail or get stuck in an awkward position. None of the family members nor the deceased lady were Christians. They were not angry at the Christians for expelling the demons from the witchdoctor, but they were just pleading that the same power be shown to raise their loved one from the dead.
Would you think that the branch purposely wanted to fall on you?
Remember when you read me lying on your belly on the grass
“God, no!”
My friends Brendan and Ilona recently tied the knot, and I was absolutely honored to make their wedding cake! There were three different flavors offered: chocolate filled with chocolate ganache and fresh raspberries, carrot filled with cream cheese icing, and white cake filled with vanilla bean creme and fresh strawberries. The cake was enrobed in white fondant, and embellished with cranberry ribbon and coordinating gumpaste flowers.
11. Here We Go - Big In Japan
We managed, Chicken Pot Pies, Lasagna’s, Enchilada’s, Sweet and Spicy Meatballs, Pumpkin Cookies, Cupcakes, Homemade Chili’s, Homemade Hot Pockets…all in one night. Loaded em up in a Laundry basket and dropped them off early enough that the Anonymous-ness would work.
Please share your discovery..
Even self-plagiarists.
The husband had to get up early this morning for the audit (I get to stay home and avoid the mess since I just work in the office, hehe). When I came down to the kitchen this morning, I was greeted by a cute little pink flower in a tiny little vase sitting on the windowsill…Husband picked it for me and put it there before he left–he’s a keeper, that one.
If you have a great Sugar Cookie Recipe...will you share it here? =)
At the time, they didn’t have their website up yet (it’s under construction right now but I have seen it up and running before) but it didn’t matter because there was the Toronto Star article, yelp reviews and all the great feedback from the Chowhound discussion that I was sold.
2 tsp chili sauce
Speaking of his Daddy/my love...he was about to walk out the door for work this morning and he had sprayed a cologne that he had not worn in ages. Its my favorite one of his and the second I smelled it, it took me back to when we first started dating! :) I honestly love how smells can take you to places you miss and places that hold special memories in your heart. It did that for me this morning and made me smile. Real big. Love him even more today than I did 7 years ago when I got that first whiff of his deliciousness :)
10. Excuse me, but what pick up line works best for you?
And join outside Cambrai,
Redeem your sins of omission.
Where do you see this case going? What is the expected outcome?
Socialite Nicole Richie was photographed leaving the VH1 Studios after promoting her new television show ‘Fashion Star’ on ‘VH1 Morning Buzz’ in New York City on Monday (March 12).
Since “kill a host of demons” is the last line of the query and comes after a colon, it seems like you’re trying to give it weight. But we already know that Zell “ganks” the undead, so this is ineffective unless there is some type of characteristic the demons have that’s much stronger than those of other beings.
On this side of the room, we have the two shelves and the window. I wish I could have had the time to add something under these shelves (a project I am currently working on for her new room). The bookcase is from WalMart, and the two Giant Cupcakes hanging on either side of the window (which I adore) are from Home Sense. They were $10.00 a piece and totally worth it.
Produced by Joy Division
celebration of the gifts of Ireland to the world.
Tim Conley and Bill Dupor have a new paper on the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (that is, the Obama stimulus bill). Their empirical findings:
1 qt chicken stock (or vegetable stock or beef broth)
The socks are a really nice colour and are comfy. However one is weirdly shorter than the other.... hmm.....
Those of you, who have come to give your life to Jesus tonight, let me hear you shout halleluiah! I am rejoicing with you because from now on by the special grace of God I will be praying for you. So I am going to need your name, your address and your prayer, the counselor will give you a card, please fill the card at
Recommended, then.
"Social Darwinism, a popular topic in the 19th and early 20th centuries,” reported the Associated Press on April 5, “is making its way into modern American politics.” The news peg for the story was President Obama’s claim that the House Republican budget is nothing but “thinly veiled Social Darwinism.” It is, he added, a “Trojan Horse,” hiding within in it “a radical vision” that is “antithetical to our entire history as a land of opportunity.”
The performance of this pooja bestows prosperity, a cordial relationship between partners and all other material boons. When done with proper understanding of its essence, it bestows self realisation, the end of all spiritual pursuits.
She could become a feline AIDS activist.
Yesterday I turned on Ellen just as she was showing some vintage advertising from the 40s, 50s and 60s. What amazed me about these ads was how they probably summed up the belief systems of people at the time they were produced.
2010.08.30 Somalia Mogadishu 4 8 Four guards at the presidential palace are killed during an al-Shabaab mortar attack.
So I am FINALLY uploading an actual short story, not just a scene. This particular story was my first for my writing fiction class this semester and I just got around to editing it. Hopefully nobody will throw me virtual tomatos or whatnot. Enjoy.
- info from: Nigeria 70 "The Definitive Story of 1970'S Funky Lagos"
I got one of those treasure boxes. You know, one of those
#21 - Maria B
#150 Legends Emerald /5
So, yeah, being a missionary is the hardest thing I’ve ever done in my life. But it is also pretty darn amazing.
51% of preteens and 35% of teens who’d been cyberbullied told their parents;
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Hale has a great article on Jakar Hamilton and how quickly he’s gotten to work since transferring to UGA from Georgia Military College this Spring. Sounds like Hamilton is really physically talented and driven to excel (he has already earned the nickname “Hitman”), which is promising enough, but the following quote gave me the warm and fuzzies.
water: 170 – 180 ml
Alford filed an appeal requesting a new trial arguing he was forced into a guilty plea because he was afraid of receiving a death sentence. The Supreme Court of North Carolina ruled that the defendant had voluntarily entered the guilty plea, with knowledge of what that meant. Following this ruling, Alford petitioned for a writ of habeas corpus in the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina, which upheld the initial ruling, and subsequently to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit which ruled that Alford’s plea was not voluntary, because it was made under fear of the death penalty. “I just pleaded guilty because they said if I didn’t, they would gas me for it,” wrote Alford in one of his appeals.
(audiobook)
The modern university, indeed the word “university” itself, was born in medieval Europe in the late eleventh and twelfth centuries. Derived from the Latin word “universitas,” the university was a guild, a “private [corporation] of students and teachers.” Such universities arose organically, although they had their origin in a well-defined curriculum that was already several hundred years old (the trivium and quadrivium). The medieval university also birthed the lecture; because of an insufficient number of critical texts, many teachers turned to reading from the book itself while their students copied this information down as notes. That this teaching method has survived into the twenty-first century either suggests its pedagogical usefulness or the powerful role tradition has played in shaping the modern university.
Image printed on Cryogen White Paper
In part one, I sketched a basic pro-SENS argument. I also sketched Agar’s three main lines of attack on that argument. In this post, I will go through all three in more detail. One general note at the outset: most of Agar’s comments depend on speculative predictions about the likely outcomes of negligible sensescent. As a fan of science fiction, I enjoy this, but it might prove to be frustratingly suppositional for some.
The celaphane is really flimsy and tears if you look at it wrong. Don't worry. I used clear packaging tape on the back of my wreath where it was gathered to strengthen it a little. I think it would be ok if you didn't. It's mostly decorative.
Will he ring? (2010)
The Founder Members' Agreement of the Premier League sees the revenue from UK broadcast rights distributed in the following ways:
"Hola`, right back at ya'll. That's why I'm here, the gray is coming back fast."
And there he was, near the Eiffel Tower ticket booth nord, wearing sunglasses and a scruffy new beard. Big happy hugs all around. And then we trotted off happily to go see Paris.
I believe that Adam was just an allegory. Because if he were a real man, he’d say “all that from just a rib? Well, God, why don’t you take out the other one and even me out?”
Well friends, tonight I head in to be induced for baby #2. It has been a long pregnancy, and I am so excited to meet this little one.
For example, one startup, Alkeus Pharmaceuticals, found a treatment for Stargardt’s disease, which causes blindness in 40,000 kids each year. The treatment will extend the vision of these children for up to 40 years, and because the disease is related to macular degeneration, it also has implications for the treatment — or at least, the delayed onset — of blindness in the elderly.
Although Raymond wasn’t attracted to men, he could see that Andrew’s smile was a handsome one; that on its own was a rare quality. And he was determined to see that smile again and again throughout the night. Whatever it takes, thought Raymond. I can see what Chloe meant now. There is some hope for him after all.
He told me that, last night, when another member of the group Googled “Chongqing”, it came up with nothing. The name seemed to have been blocked by the Chinese authorities. An entire city temporarily wiped from existence, presumably because they did not want people in China researching beyond the Party line on the on-going Bo Xilai scandal which, to me, seems less of a scandal and more of a future thriller movie plot.
So the Middletons, who are an ambitious family that just got the biggest break they could ever get are probably sitting around wondering how to make Pippa tow the line. That probably has Pippa reflecting that having a Duchess as your big sister is no fun sometimes. So when Prince Harry laughs and shakes his head about her then maybe he's a wiser young man than everyone has taken him for. In other worlds Pippa's a bad girl to be standing next to in a lightening storm! Then again many celebrities are dangers to themselves and others.
I loved the wave starts – each corral start approx 3 mins after the previous one, with its own starting horn.Race crowding at the start was minimal, although since we went out with such speedy optimism we actually would have benefited from some crowding!
I made this for James' birthday card, and even though he was just turning 10 he LOVED it, and thought it was really cool - high praise indeed!!Mind you he is now nagging me to get him his own phone - every cloud and all that :-D
The doll waved his hands in the air and sang a low, sweet melody.
“We sincerely regret that this ceremony has taken place in the intentional and announced absence of our dear brothers from Egypt and Sudan. We encourage them to join the process as we move forward,” said Kamanzi.
Keep on walking my friend
The typical household should spend about 40% of its food budget on fruits and vegetables, Post said. Buying in-season produce on sale is one way to save while filling your plate. Also consider frozen or canned vegetables and fruit. Frozen produce is typically processed soon after harvest, which preserves more nutrients, but be careful with canned foods, because they can have too much salt and sugar. Opt for low-sodium versions and fruit packed in juice, not syrup, Post recommended. If you have a farmers' market nearby, consider shopping there, especially toward the end of the day when you may be able to negotiate deals on produce farmers would otherwise have to haul home. Or grow you own!
Happy Birthday Erin!!!!!!
I like the feel of pen to paper. Although about ninety percent of what I write I write on a computer, I love that early morning time of day, when I sit in a comfortable chair, with journal in my lap, and write whatever is on my mind.
Genre: Biography
Remember there is a reason for stepping back from the brink.
"But how can you possibly know that I wanted--"
What Doesn’t Kill You (Stronger) – Stuck true to the original unfortunately, as well as having me wonder if the Troubletones were entered as a separate choir?
To top it off, they'd slaughtered four pigs recently and sent us home with probably 25lbs of hams, roasts, bacon, pork loin, sausage... you name it! All happy, free roaming critters when the lights went out. They also sent us with a gallon or more of homemade laundry soap and a dozen multi-colored beautiful eggs! We love those guys.
The Canadian International Air Show takes place over Labour Day Weekend here, in Toronto, Ontario, at the same time as the closing of the world-reknowned Canadian National Exhibition.
To all who are, and ever will be grandmothers - I congratulate you with the largest bouquet of whatever flower is your very favorite. Most women either are, or will be mothers someday. Therefore, most women are, or will be grandmothers one day. I hope you begin to look forward to grandchildren the day your first child is born. I did. I can't explain it, but I did. I have lived to hold and love grand-ones, by holding and loving their parents, and teaching them as well as I knew how. Somehow, I knew every thing I'd sacrificed would be worth it if my grandchildren could be well loved.
So live like Jesus and love everyone and show them how much God loves them.
It was previously revealed on the floor of the Dewan Rakyat, Malaysia’s parliament, that a company called Perimekar Sdn Bhd received another 114 million euro (RM457 million) as a commission on the sale of the vessels, from an offshoot of Thales and DCNS called Armaris.
soothing pains that wrench.
Club Day is an event held on the last Friday each month which usually consist of some special stages in some gig space around Hongdae. It was the 110th Club Day, yet it was my 1st Club day that I attended. The one in Club Ssam was a special Mirrorball Show which features some artists from Mirrorball music taking 'Goodbye June' as the title of the Show. The artists who performed in the show including 굴소년단 (Oyster Boys), 마이크로키드 (Microkid), 올드피쉬 (Old Fish), and none other than my favorite 디어 클라우드 (Dear Cloud).
The religion of the President of the Republic is Islam;
fields of ripe grain.
My sweet mom thought this would help her addiction and make it easier on her wallet - the ability to make her own. Well, since we already had the machine, my mom and I decided to use it to make Noah's crib bedding before he was born. It was definitely an adventure but the end result was great.
I think it knows I'm trying to blog in less than 10 minutes (I'm a slow blogger), and it purposely did not upload my pics all at once! Hee hee!
I swear I'm not obsessed with the 3 Day even though my blog seems to be posting a lot of this lately. However, I just have to say that I truly have amazing FRIENDS... They have come though 100% in my fundraising. I'm not there yet but I'm getting close!
Take a minute and send out a thank you to someone one who inspires you. Saying thank you is a lost art, let’s bring it back!
Be in life daily. If you die tomorrow, at the least you can claim you died doing the most could do.
Why the Siren Likes It: A parable about life versus work that everybody calls dated, except "Mad Men" apes the same themes. The Siren wrote a bit about this movie when Newman died; his performance is very good but the direction is noteworthy too, as is the Elmer Bernstein score.
‘But there were also false prophets among the people, even as there will be false teachers among you, who will secretly bring in destructive heresies, even denying the Lord who bought them, and bring on themselves swift destruction. And many will follow their destructive ways, because of whom the way of truth will be blasphemed. By covetousness they will exploit you with deceptive words; for a long time their judgment has not been idle, and their destruction does not slumber.’
and it was a perfect match!!
Logic:
"The ADL has done important work documenting increased activity by hate groups who recruit members using virulent, anti-immigration rhetoric that they present as legitimate opinion. Such language can have a devastating effect not just on an individual, but on an entire community."
wild birds (new to our property
It may be recalled that Seema was sexually abused in police custody on the 23rd of January, 2011 when the police violating all procedures had got her to the police station, in the name of interrogation in a missing case of one of her friends, Hina. Completely shattered by the sexual abuse she threw herself in front of a train next morning on the 24th January,2011 and survived the suicide attempt becoming a paraplegic for life. Following the outrage that followed the policemen were arrested. When Hina, Seema’s friend returned on 4th May 2011, after having spent time in Jadonpur, Mathura and having worked in Agra as a marketing manager in a company, she became a tool in the hands of the police who got her to make statements againstSeema. Seema and her two witnesses of sexual torture were arrested in due course. Seema got arrested on the 29th of February, 2012.
the singer who joined the social networking site earlier this year in July hit back at the newspaper tweeting: “I wouldn’t mind but what an ill informed load of crap it is SMH.. 3 words.. Don’t follow me *eggs* haha.”
"We are not hiding it from our fellow South Africans... We are hiding it from those who are trying to harm our national interests," Dlomo said.
AG: It’s very limited. And that’s why pantheism is very limited. When Westerners started going to India, they thought it was pantheistic because it has many, many gods. Indian philosophy tends to see God in nature, in many things—they worship rocks sometimes, that kind of thing—so they thought it was pantheistic and only somewhat later did they realize that there is a transcendent dimension. In fact, the transcendent dimension is developed extremely well in Indian philosophy, whereas the transcendent dimension in the West is hidden in the cave of a very few esoteric systems such as the Gnostics and a few great masters like Meister Eckhart.
Both Lisbeth Salander and Walt Kowalski have another thing in common. Even though they’re tough and confident, they’re vulnerable. Salander is a small, thin woman, with a guardian twice her size who has no conscience. Kowalski is a sick old man who, despite all his weapons and war experience, lives alone in a neighborhood ran by gangs. The two of them are never safe and we cringe every time they take a bold action (which is often).
2) A certain grasp of what makes for good communication. Sermons need a “Big Idea” (or “Homiletical theme”) and preachers need to practice clear, concise, relevant and engaging communication.
Kriss died a terrible death, apart from the internal injuries and stab wounds, his young body suffered 70% burns, and for no reason other than because he was white. It has been established beyond question that Kriss was an entirely innocent victim, chosen randomly because of the colour of his skin.
Need to give a present that is adorable, and seems edible, but not? Something that enables you to put your heart into it?How to make someone smile?
Now on to the physcological craziness of pregnancy and gaining weight!!!! When I found out I was pregnant of course the 1st thing I thought was oh shit!! weight gain. I decided not to stress about it ( or try not to ) and was doing ok with that until the past few weeks.
not prepared to hand over years and years of their lives for a thin
The first trimester is a killer for me. Extra tired, very cranky, feeling like I am going to vomit all day and night, my patience is nearly non existent and I just want to bite off everyone's heads, everything is annoying me. I hate feeling this way. It is annoying and drives me bonkers.
1.) The Kinks - You Really Got Me - Dave Davies bludgeons the world. Bonus points that it's from 1964,and such a brutal riff that was copied and slightly varied into so many other classics that it's rightful influence can't be denied.
What would you say if somebody told you that down in the cellar of your house there was a box full of gold coins? You might say many things in surprise, but one thing you wouldn’t do, and that would be to ignore it. You’d certainly go down and bring up that box of gold coins and put it to use; and yet, has it every occurred to you that most of us live out our whole lives with a box of gold in the cellar of our minds that we never even bother to use.
It is of some comfort to recall that the final chapters of his life comprised a loving visit with his sisters in Florida, and a greatly savored class reunion in California that also involved other delightful experiences in several Western locations, and can be read about in his last Huffington Post column.
God is for us
"Perhaps," I answered, "but my mother would never presume to spend our money."
An androgynous looking young man with beautiful eyes and feminine hands gazes silently into the camera. A somewhat older, elegantly dressed woman with heavy makeup reminisces about a brief long-distance love affair between Tibet and Beijing, and an unusual sexual encounter with a taxi driver in Belgium. If you haven’t already guessed, the two are one and the same person. Born in China to ethnic Koreans, Jin Xing was already an internationally acclaimed dancer and choreographer when he underwent sex change surgery in 1996 at the age of 29. Zhang’s documentary about multi-hyphenate Jin Xing, one of China’s few officially recognized transwomen, picks up four years after her operation. Ultimately, the film’s focus is on people’s need for love and intimacy, regardless of sexual orientation. The skillful juxtaposition of vivid color with luminous B&W images of Jin Xing prior to surgery powerfully illustrates Xing’s words, “the past is a beautiful memory”, while the fragmented narrative seems to challenge the very notion of a documentary being able to fix immutably a life on film. A fascinating glimpse of an intriguing personality. Awkward subtitles, some dropouts in sound. (8/10)
In the complete darkness of the garage and the silence of my car i sat. I could hear my breathing and the thumping of my chest. And i heard a voice in my head say “turn on the radio. Whatever song is playing is meant as a sign. Turn it on”
with topics published for the adults
Anyway done once more then mowed front yard and swept my drive way My neighbors ask me to go out to eat super with them and I was just to tired to spruce myself up
To start off, I have forever ranted about unreasonable fixed rates of cabs down south. If you haven’t read it yet please refer to this link. Now let me tell you a story…
stage #1. these are the last pictures taken of my long hair. my comfort zone. i felt like myself with long hair and confident with it. this picture takes me right back. to that day. to the river house. to sara snapping pictures and pretending it was fun. it was fun...but right below the surface i was dying. so scared for what was to come and wondering: will ava and i look at these together or will these be a memory of a mommy she barely knew? i am thankful to write...it was not the later.
Karma is a bitch. This is all gonna come back and bite me in the butt.
The clerk behind the glass counter already had his hands in the air. Sonny looked up and saw the black-and-white video monitor above the door. Fucker had seen the whole thing. He was waiting for them.
This salad has a small story to it. It was the first food I prepared for myself after being in a major car accident seven years ago. I was still on crutches but out of the hospital, and an occupational therapist was helping me learn how to get around a kitchen with my injuries. She had me make a version of this salad as a project, to get me used to doing everyday tasks again.
who lives on
Kim Snyder is the owner of Overall Beauty Minerals as well as a avid beauty blogger/reviewer. She has a passion for makeup/natural skincare and nail polish! Best of all she offers customer service the old fashion way, with a smile!
2. Mikhail Lermontov “A Hero of Our Time”
The foundation raised more than $180,000 with more more still coming in. Team Uncool hit its $20,000 goal (thanks to all of you who donated and for those of you who didn’t, our FirstGiving page is still open).
For more information and the program application please visit
"I do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house. My main concern is for the children."
Like most women, I'm always trying to shift a few pounds. Following my recent health problems and surgery, in January I made a decision to get back in shape and thought giving up alcohol for a few weeks was bound to help the waistline. Easy enough, yes?
Most first-gen Pets are black, but they were also made in red and green. These are definetely rare and even bring a higher price in Japan, where the Pets are cheaper in general. I haven't seen the green variation, and this is the only red I've seen. It's a very nice looking camera!
Voice notes, give you guidelines on what to tell the audience beforehand, you can also get extra marks for voice notes ! I think presenting mind maps with key points, is a good way of presenting. As you can elaborate on certain things, while avoiding reading from the board in a monotonous drawl…not exciting!
4.i'm addicted to books and i always check-out too many books then i have time to read.
F: Uh, living in India. Everything’s very different. I don’t really relate so much to my punk rock days. I think being a Mom is something that most women do. And it of course takes over your life, the reality of things. I mean that punk thing was a little bit of rebellion I had when I was 15 years old. You know, from 15 to 22 or whatever, I was sort of wild. It was my teenage dream. And so you know, it really doesn’t bare too much on reality, life as we know it. It was good though. I mean I think I got it out of my system at that time. And it made me very ready for Krishna Consciousness when I met a devotee. You know, I did a lot of things in a short amount of time.
got to explore a new city this last trip, have to say, was interesting but sao paulo definitely not for me!
Awesome! You guys do that, I am going to try something less conventional. See you in 10 years and lets look at what the difference is in our childrens lives. Lets see how their emotional maturity and emotional health has developed. Psychological and physical results and consequences will be interesting too.
Ripped from a 12" vinyl single released on Arista Records (CLIP 121) in 1981 to high quality lossless FLAC audio.
Original Air Date: Oct 27, 2011
And, I can't wait for this:
Concepcion, Chile
But when he surceased from his urges,
Tip: To get perfect Koftas, all the ingredients should be free from water as much as possible. I remove the potatoes from water as soon as they are cooked and let it dry for 5 mins before I mash them. I also drain the water from the vegetables as soon as they are cooked.
As posted on curiosidadesofworld.blogspot.pt
To start off, just as the PM apologized for a statement from the elder of how certain group of people need to repent for choosing a wrong leader, it is the highest echelon salary. Our PM had a big headache. In fact I believe he initially unlike the two previous PMs, does not like huge salary increase, which make him donated the raise out. However, being too slow to react, it caused a big whirlwind in the election. Then he began to repair the damage. Within a couple of months, he got it ‘fixed’. But I do not think the repair was good enough, as the so call big cut, still have a lot of bonuses in it, and still making millions. So though there was a major repair, it is yet to be fixed. Sentiment is still that our high echelons are still too far off the norm.
I've been looking at some alternative modes of transportation. I know most of you would be opposed to this but I really miss the way it feels to ride.
And when I tried to start the dryer, it made this noise: "BZZZZZZZZZBZZZZZZZZZZZZZBZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ." And smelled kind of like burnt rubber.
In December, a federal grand jury in Los Angeles indicted lawyer David Tamman on 10 criminal counts related to helping a former client cover up an alleged $20 million fraud. Prosecutors claim Mr. Tamman changed and backdating documents, removed incriminating documents from investor files and lied to SEC investigators in sworn testimony.
New this year are the fireworks shows at the Methel-stage in The Shire and in the northern area of Bree-town. In The Shire, you and your compadres have to set off as many fireworks as you can to appease the crowd. You’ll also find a familiar face who sends you on a whirlwind tour of some important sights in Eriador.
At Badeagle.com, David Yeagley discusses the Breivik trial, and some thought-provoking comments follow. This is one of the more stimulating discussions on the subject I've come across, although there are a few knee-jerk kinds of comments.
Today was the unveiling of the F2012 by Ferrari and the VJM05 by Force India both of which have the same ‘step’ or ‘Platypus’ noses as the Caterham so what is in a nose?
Consume me.
Yield: 1 loaf.
Yet, every month the bills relentlessly arrived in the mail.
The 42-year-old man didn’t want to press charges.
But accountability in this case, as in many similar cases, is tough to nail down.
Here's a simpler one...hey, Paris and the Eiffel Tower are kind of Valentine-y, right? The only thing I'd change about this card is that I think the sentiment should be in a heavier font, it gets lost a bit on the collage since it's such thin lines.
America is notorious for this - unlimited pleasure and freedom. "Don't fence me in" our battle cry. Don't get me wrong, our freedom has been heroically fought for by many brave men and women and I am so grateful to them. But have we abused the same freedoms many have paid, and pay, for with their lives?
They were singing,
This was followed by a critique and styling suggestions for the trees the members brought along to the meeting.
(It’s a bit scattered, but here you go.)
The bar's a pretty good bar. Tad expensive for a pub in the north (getting toward London prices) but captive audience etc and lack of competition means I guess it makes sense! Plus the beer they served was darn tasty and that's the main thing!
It’s like I’ve got my footy cards now.
Tonight I used the random number generator from Random.org to obtain a number between 1 and 106 to choose the winner of my 'Sunshine on my Shoulder' earrings and the number was 24.... Esme.
Bring the stew to a slow boil.
I hope you will like my work and I wish you all fantastic Mother`s Day!
BONUS POINTS: Refute more pro-abortion arguments, reference specific legislation that is in-flight or was recently signed into law. Experiences protesting abortion or debating abortion with pro-abortionists. Experience counseling a post-abortive or crisis pregnancy woman. Mentioning biological details of foetus development.
But to be fair, if you are lucky, you do meet people who actually take the same bus as you do sometimes, and they help you. The best people to ask have so far proved to be the policemen - they seem to be singularly well informed about where the different buses stop.
God has blessed our family, to be sure. But I can't get past the fact that as I'm struggling to pay off the debt I've managed to rack back up again in the past several years, this money could have been put to much better use. Often, I imagine what my life would be like if I could say, "Hey, family, let's go out to dinner tonight," and be able to pay cash without worrying if I'll have enough at the end of the money without relying on credit cards.
Welcome back from Susan Marlowe CPA! I have survived the great snow storm in Tehachapi! Tons of snow over the weekend and now the first day of spring is absolutely lovely. Go figure.
This is an AMAZING romance. And H.O.T. There is heat, it is steamy, it is awesome.
*“The Christmas Guest”
Many of the boats aren't in the water yet, but enough were.
in the tub, you are
His speech was somewhat funny.
First, I need to create a list of everything I want to do. Everything. Ever. Then I need to break it into short term projects, medium term projects, and long term projects. She feels that this will help me organize my brain and prepare for when I actually get time to do side projects again. Second, I need to create a list of things I can do with my SO on a regular basis to keep this connection going. I am to break this list up into free, low cost, medium cost, high cost, etc. Then we have to decide how we’re going to keep this whole connection thing going on. I more or less need to figure out how I’m going to balance my relationship with my millions of side projects. And I need to stick to it. SO needs to take priority.
But this time, now that her memory of what had happened back, he stayed.
DAY 2 -Effects
If you'd like to dip your apple in nuts, mini chocolate chips, etc. do that before setting the apple onto the parchment.
Both incumbent councillors said it was complicated and would not give figures.
That being said, however, I’ve decided to just write posts of what would have been pages turned into chapters turned into a book of what would have been my Life as a Scatterbrain book; on here!
Remember 21 years old Private (PTE) Lee Rui Feng Dominique Sarron from the 3rd Battalion of the Singapore Infantry Regiment (SIR) who collapsed and died? Yeah well, here’s a reply from one Singaporean girl:
The compass is ready for reinstallation on the boat. That only takes a few minutes and four little screws to mount, but a little longer to solder the wires of the new lights.
3 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley
Groans. “We KNOW that, Mom.”
So with three-year-old Emma and two-year-old Jax in tow, we brought home baby Justus. During that waiting period, I pulled out the baby clothes, washed and folded them, and put them in his drawers. We had the infant car seat ready. We did all of those things that waiting parents do. I threw up less, but I was keenly aware that Justus' birthmother, who had chosen us for her baby boy, was carrying him all the while. When we brought him home, we brought home our son, and we could not have felt prouder of him! The waiting was over. This was the part I knew how to do. The baby stuff.
227 4th Avenue at Union Street
Residents as far away as Thailand and southern India said they felt the temblor.
Oh the humanity!
Three Floyds Brewing
Sun King Osiris
When black pepper is ingested alongside green tea, the absorption of the anti-cancer compound EGCG present in green tea is highly increased. Also, the body’s absorption of curcumin (the compound in turmeric) increases by 2000% when you add black pepper!
Panda does not seem interested,but im sure he will once she goes properly into heat.
Educationally, I’ll always continue learning, reading, and coaching. I plan on completing my Massage Therapy program in the next year and becoming a Licensed Massage Therapist.
We are greeted by one of the Brothers, Scott Williams and get a glass of beer in the brewing hall. Now, Williams Bros is quite a big place as Scottish microbreweries go — normally you’re squeezing past fermenting tanks to get through the door. After the early years of Heather Ale saw the company brewing as far afield as Taynuilt and Strathaven, it’s now based in the former Forth Brewery in Alloa, on the Kelliebank industrial estate. On the way there I pass the massive facility of the world’s biggest glass container manufacturer O-I, and Crisp’s maltings. Ironically, neither of these plants supply the brewery: O-I doesn’t manufacture beer bottles in Alloa, and Crisp’s malt all goes for whisky.
Eventually though it was time to start work on our first project. A woven, bead bracelet.
This past weekend the NRA successfully wrapped up it's most attended convention ever with a total attendance of 73,740 peaceably armed citizens (except for the fact that America's Center has a no weapons policy.)
When you are confronted with the irrefutable evidence of the simple fact that you fucked Shamu's inbred cousin, don't lie about it. Grow a pair and man up to it. I gave you three seperate chances to own up to it, and you still lied about it. When you finally admitted she'd (at the VERY least) sent you some inappropriate pictures, you had the nerve to say, "So? She wanted to cheer me up. That's what friends do." Um, when Housewife is having a shitty day, I don't send her pictures of my hatchet wound and fun bags.
Lies in my throat are caught
Aside from reading books every day, play-time means mom writes down a word on paper and Elizabeth figures it out. Katy explained that Elizabeth not only reads the word, but signs them as well.
DAMIEN:
We live without distraction
This makes so much more sense now than it did before. The difference is in the use of the word prudence, rather than fairness, which was the original. A subtle difference, but it really makes a big difference to me, as to my effectiveness.
For now, I leave you with the view - not from the plot, but from the top of the mountain. It gives you the same general idea. (Yes, I know, I should have taken the tripod up with me...)
11/08 Philadelphia, PA @ Mojo 13
After almost a decade absence, I was determined to make it back-to-back visits, and from Thursday May 31st I will return to the place reputed to have the highest bookshop to resident ratio in the world, (one bookshop for every 36 residents, since you ask, although I’m not sure if the fact that it only has 1,900 people living there makes its 30+ bookshops less impressive, or more: the town also boasts a ‘King,’ but that’s another matter).
~ Beat egg whites and cream of tartar until mixture forms soft peaks.
We hope to hear from you all soon!
Everything had been wiped down and sanitized according to regulation, but nothing was scrubbed and after doing some scrubbing you could tell. So we grabbed our pine-sol, bleach (not me because I'm pregnant), the vacuum and the carper shampooer.
2. How do you take your coffee/tea?
Also present at this year’s IBC will be Gearhouse Broadcast’s Sales Division. As a leading reseller of professional and broadcast equipment our Sales Division specialise in sourcing and selling both new and used equipment. Our extensive inventory includes SD and HD camera channels, camcorders, camera accessories, lenses, EVS’s, VTRs, LCD monitors, audio equipment, vision mixers, conversion and distribution products and test and measurement equipment.
This project has been quite exhaustive, so after it has finsihed for real, I will need to relax by doing some miniature painting or similar! But I have had a great time being a part of the tabletop solitaire community for this November, especially by reading all other solitaire player's adventures! Really got inspired by all that reading!
Opening Song
Last night, Malcolm’s name and memory – or is it infamy? – also cropped up at the last-ever Fringe Report Awards show, when Pleasance Theatre founder Christopher Richardson made a speech justifiably lauding Fringe Report founder John Park. He mentioned that altruistic John (who has never taken or received any money for running Fringe Report over the last ten years) should now be showered with money – but only notes or cheques not coins because that was what killed Malcolm Hardee.
Oh well, props to Mattel for coming up with something so bizarrely unique. I wonder what the Bakugan-loving kids of today would do if they unwrapped this bad boy at Christmas.
Spinal Tap talked about Black while talking about their black album cover, "It's like, how much more black could this be? and the answer is none. None more black."
And in recent months we have seen the so called Rainbow nations ultimate humiliation, as xenophobic anti immigration violence spreads across the country. (“xenophobic” is what the media call racism when blacks do it) As poverty and unemployment explodes and is exacerbated by the floods of immigrants flooding in to escape the even more advanced Africanisation of the rest of the country, the mobs turn on those they blame for stealing their jobs, their homes, and their women.
Revolution Bourbon Black Power – IL – 8.0% ABV
Okay, so for a trivia show aimed at general knowledge, I can accept that the 'answer' clues were for mass-consumption beers, and was glad they threw in a little history for the Dos Equis and Sam Adams ones. Always a plus for the history buffs that're into quality libations.
3) Disable Microsoft Update option and don’t care about the warnings.
Spoonful – Q65
SSKLN Blog (ssklnblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Today let’s remember all the sacrificial socks that have unexpectedly left home in order to make someone else’s foot a little warmer.
Paper: K&Co and Colormates
Alexa and I leave on Thursday morning for Cali…we gotta be at the airport at 4 am…she’s already groaning about that LOL..but I’m an early morning flyer so she will have to get with the program. And I warned her that she better not cause me ANY issues traveling…lord knows I have enough issues of my own when I travel (LOL) I don’t need ANY extra ones. But I’m sure something will happen..and yep I will be reporting in hahaha. And you can always follow me on FB and Twitter cuz I regularly put stuff up on there…much to Alexa’s detriment!! But we’ll have fun I know, looking forward to it. And if you are near San Jose---you can come take a class with me on Saturday…just email me if you are interested..I’d love to see ya! I know there is a Psycho Donut place in San Jose and I mean to get myself there cuz you know how I love my donies. And I’ll be having dinner with my friend Irina Blount (of La La Land Stamps) too which I’m looking forward to.
I was almost eaten by a giant grasshopper today!
I know, I know...I've had the same header photo for forever. I get stuck in a rut! BUT I happened to see Jessie's new header on her blog and I made her draw me one. My daughter has been playing with a new graphic program and creating pictures like this:
Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Sift dry ingredients together. Combine buttermilk, bananas, and vanilla. Add the dry ingredients to the batter alternately with the buttermilk mixture, beating until just combined after each addition. Stir in the pecans. Grease and flour cake pans (line with wax paper if desired). Divide batter evenly between the pans. Bake at 350 degrees for 25-35 minutes or until cakes test done. Remove the cakes to a cooling rack for 10 minutes. Then invert and finish cooling to room temperature. Frost with cream cheese frosting.
This is the sort of arrogance evidenced when military leadership can hold the audience hostage (I use audience instead of reporters as these indoctrinated hacks long ago gave up their objectivity and integrity in order to rub their dicks and clits against their fave political hack’s slacks) to tell really stupid and intelligence-insulting jokes.
So I hate to boast, but I’m actually having a good time so far, all be it a bit bloody tiring. My eight year old daughter is watch a movie ‘Bed knobs and broomsticks’, which is so old even I haven’t seen it (it’s got Angela Lansbury in it and she looks young). The boys are in bed and I’m for once getting to do a bit of blogging and it isn’t even 7.30pm…
President of Maile Custom Builders Rich Maile agrees. “With water pipes, you typically hear them rattle when they aren’t properly secured,” said Maile, “Ideally we try to design the placement of those pipes by securing them properly and, as well as we can, insulate those walls for sound.”
Conditions can make you hate
Had to google this to make sure the bartender gave me the correct style, and she was off by a touch. She said it was an eisbock, which probably would have made it a bit stronger. No big deal, and the only thing I''m a little pissed about is the "banana and cloves" description on the website. That is the faggiest beer description ever, and I hate it every time I see it.
Life is scary and hard. I get tired of defending my beliefs. I get tired of watching bad things happen, and seeing horrible people get away with horrible things. But tonight I thought of how Noah must have felt, after pleading with people for so long. It makes me think I can stand a little bit longer with the hard stuff. And it gives me faith that God is in control, and that good will always win, even when it doesn't seem that way.
A quicky while I've still got a few minutes left on this crappy airport wi-fi.
Bonus bonus points if you can pronounce it properly.
Join D-H.
When I saw the score I was pretty emotional because this test was literally life changing for me and if I hadn't passed the other two attempts given, I would not have graduated.
Rich counters that we argue, “Well, if God chooses, then he knew who would accept Jesus.” But God doesn’t react to us. He knows the ending of the story. He foreknew, but He also predestined. They are two separate things (p. 51).
ADMIRAL OF THE FLEET.
A summary of the final conversations will be posted on the Gurteen LinkedIn Group pages so I will refrain from detailing them here, get across to LinkedIn and join.
I am currently dyeing half the silk and cotton fabric yardage with coffee grounds, and will be dyeing the other half with madder root later this week. Although I’ve been getting some fabulous results with the Jaquard acid dyes, I’m feeling pulled towards experimenting with plant dyes (and kitchen waste dyes) again, and hope to be able to go out and harvest fresh flowers and leaves for the dye pot too now that the weather is finally getting warmer and the rain is tapering off. The bright acid dye colors are really pretty, but the softer effects of the plant dyes are more “me,” more aligned with my personal aesthetic, I think.
First, clean off your boat’s vinyl upholstery with a damp cloth to remove grime, dirt and salt. You may want to follow this by applying a quality vinyl cleaners/protectant and again wiping off the surface. Once the upholstery is free of dirt and grime, apply a light film of spray-on furniture polish and wipe with a clean cloth. This should help guard against stains and preserve the life of your boat’s upholstery. If mildew stains have formed on your vinyl upholstery, use a deck brush with medium-soft bristles and scrub with a water and ammonia mixture (4 parts water to one part ammonia). Follow with a freshwater rinse, dry, and repeat this process if necessary. For tougher cases, several effective commercial stain removers appropriate for use on vinyl upholstery are available.
Cauliflower, 1 cup
A winter snow scene painting
Finding fault after the debate and not during
That is a style that I admire and love to tat with, but is not my "forte" for when it comes to creating.
Another form of therapeutic exercise is t’ai chi, in which the person moves through a series of 30–64 movements that require a relaxed body and correct rhythmic breathing. Many Chinese practice t’ai chi as a form of preventive medicine.
*grumble—stupid Jack Sparrow—grumble*
Date: 8 December 2011, Circus 2 at Stratford Circus, 19:30-21:30 free.
Matt (Bennett) is the last of four friends to lose his virginity and that event will soon be taking place as he and his girlfriend Nicole (Weaver) intend to do the deed on their second anniversary. This will be marked with a hit on a special bong purchased for just that purpose – one which has been already used by the other three mates.
LaMichael James (RB Oregon)- James will rebound from the rough week against LSU, but in order to prove his stock as an NFL-caliber runner, he needs to stack up against the SEC. Perhaps it was a “team loss” but James did not stand out as the star he’s been billed in the preseason.
So my mom made a nice comfy bed in the back of the van and she is meeting Josh's dad in Pocatello and the boys are off to SLC to the Huntsman's. I'm not able to go because I have work all day. They took clothes just in case they end up staying the night, but they don't really know what's going to happen.
I am no longer a smoker, but when I did buy cigarettes, they were selling for $3 a pack. I thought that was outrageous! The other day I saw an ad for a pack of Marlboros…$5.75 a pack. And you don’t think people will spend $5 a gallon for gas?
We have twelve month guarantees
When the raven, who had retreated to the table again for another plate, came back, he held a truffle out to me. “This one is filled with black currants.”
to-do and making it a to-done.
‘I hope Lazarus
As you can see, the weather was quite glorious, although it was a bit “breezy” on top of that mountain. We really don’t like to use the word “windy” here on the island, so in that case I guess you could say I’m recovering from a bit of “breezeburn” on my face.
A listening ear
I'm currently taking a class at my church and this past Sunday, one thing spoken by the teacher really struck me (though I unfortunately must paraphrase because I didn't write it down).
May 10 – House of Blues (Boston, MA) #
SEAN: If it could be any author living or dead, I would choose either Emerson or Twain. They really speak my language and I think they would be a fun bunch to hang out with.
The full list of candidates -
Middle child: Yah man I feel very awesome doing that. (She’s 19 and feeling awesome!)
REO had earlier said that it had signed a Memorandum of Understanding with NAMA but as the Grehan brothers, Ray and Danny, found to their cost in May 2011, a Memorandum of Understanding which was signed in December 2010 might not be worth a great deal after NAMA decided to appoint receivers and administrators to its portfolio. The view on here was that there was something aloof in the REO statement on agreement with NAMA, which hinted that REO and NAMA might not have been exactly on the same page.
After his death, it was rumoured that Gbenga was a member of a notorious confraternity and that he had changed schools several times so as to escape from his past. In trying to change and correct his mistakes, Gbenga died living his friends and family behind in a haze of trauma and heartbreak. What matters most to me is that he was a great friend and mentor and he would forever be in my heart.
Isn't that the exact opposite of what airbrushing tries to accomplish?
He wasn’t sure how Buffalo Woman died, but speculated that she had been shot with a poisonous arrow because of a small mark. No arrow was found.
Jay Sneed, 22, who went to kindergarten with Justin and was one of his closest friends, is one of them. “Everything down here is just real bad when it comes to situations like this,” he said. “This is not where you come to find justice.”
Ford pick-up truck,
The next session in Dink’s trial is March 28, the one in Malatya April 29. Wouldn’t it be great if the judges suddenly surprised us all? What if Turkey showed the narrow-minded xenophobes among the French, the Germans, and in my own country, Holland, that it is truly embracing tolerance? I wish Turkey would shame them by setting the good example.
Tonight, I went to have acupuncture.
I have to admit Lauren, I wanted to smack a few times, but to me that is definitely a good sign the author has written the character well enough for me to actually feel for these fictional people. All these characters I grew to love in this short amount of time. I hate to sound redundant, but that is one of the main things that grab me, if I can connect then I will want to see how their lives play out.
Legend has it that Ben Franklin wanted our national bird to be the wild turkey, until the bald eagle was chosen due to its representation of fierce independence. Now we are reminded of Ben Franklin’s wisdom, as wild turkeys are increasing in numbers and range annually, while the bald eagle is classified as a Federally threatened species. I find this connection ironic as I saw both the wild turkey and bald eagle within a couple of days.
Jewett echoes Thompson in the acknowledgement that women have been demeaned in the church, relegated to a secondary or “human-not-quite-human” status in relation to men (119). Since God has revealed himself in masculine language through the biblical authors, and since theologians have followed that tradition in referring to God, Jewett argues that it is appropriate to use masculine language, especially the masculine pronoun “he,” to refer to God (123).
The Weapons Display ability requires a lot of room; it cannot be done in a narrow corridor. The observer must be close enough to the Jongleur to see the display (e.g., a darkness spell negates the effect). The display has no effect upon those already engaged in close combat, as they are too busy to pay attention to the show. Also, Weapons Display works only on those who can either use weapons or have seen them used. Weapons Display may be used only once per encounter.
Micah - When she gives me toys
but the truth of the matter
If your Japanese is not up to snuff (and mine isn’t – I wish someone would sub this show in particular), the beginning is a bit slow. The real insanity began with the assistant lecturer (a comedienne herself) doing the worst ventriloquist act ever. I’m not at all sure why she did it, but there you go.
Beauty advice from a supermodel
That is correct. We are not very ‘nice,’ and we are prepared to become a good deal less nice if that is what is required to prevent runaway Muslim immigration from destroying our country, our way of life, and our ability to live unmolested in our ancestral lands. If there is any particular reason for the British to allow themselves to be colonized by Muslims, whatever their provenance, now is the time for it to be explained. We are listening…
(Last, but never least, one of my favorite quotes in the world)
Here's the instructions and what Lisa had to say about Igor Mousenstein: Igor Mousenstein's ancestors were once helpers in the infamous Dr. Quackenburg's laboratory (ah, you thought I was going to say Dr. Frankenstein, didn't you? tsk. tsk. shame on you for making assumptions). Coincidentally, Dr. Quackenburg also had an assistant named Igor who was not very imaginative so he ended up naming all the lab mice after him (Dr. Quackenburg was also broke -- he was so poor he couldn't afford lab rats so he had to scale it down a bit). So he could tell the lab mice apart during testing, Igor put rubberbands of different colors around their tails. Eventually, this led to their tails falling off and over time new mice were born without tails. But this mouse has a tale all his own that's for sure. Just ask him what was going on in that laboratory and he'll tell you. Make one for yourself and let him weave his own tale. You'll be glad you did!
“What box?” (He appears more puzzled.)
Fox & Friends – 04/12/12 (@ 7:01 a.m. ET)
2 lineage
1. Ranma 1/2 Outta Control
Plant your trunk solid in the ground so you know where you belong.
Break dancing competition - We’ve found a crew of incredibly talented dancers to come show off their skills… with a twist. We’ve pitted them against one another to compete for a prize from our sponsor: Antic Clothing
Here is her little blessing dress!
Publicity
Sirocco
We made our way to the restaurant where we were warmly welcomed by the head waiter who recognised me from my babblings on Twitter. I have said it before and I will say it again, restaurants (actually businesses in general) who do not use Twitter are seriously missing a trick. To tweet with your customers is an incredibly easy and cheap way to build up a bit of rapport which then results in business. It's a no-brainer!
I hope this information and the photos are helpful to small flock chicken owners in the future. If anyone has any information that can help diagnose or explain Nutmeg's issue, it is greatly appreciated.
Even after all of the work I had put into my trading plan, finding the patterns I liked trading, and applying additional elements to those patterns, I still was not where I wanted to be. I had some great success in all that I was doing, but sometimes my trades didn’t work out as I had expected.
So here I am...a total blogging virgin. I will try to not stumble around in here and make a colossal mess of what I believe has become an amazing outlet for so many. I will do my best to respect the standard :)
I have been reading the book Creative Time and Space by Rice Freeman - Zachary and in it there was a tip about getting a shopkeepers will return at (or a do not disturb) sign to let people know you are making art. I didn't want a cheesy plastic sign, so I made my own last night. I printed a vintage photo on a sheet of canvas with the quote "The Muse is in, so I am out. Please do not disturb until", and mounted it to a piece of wood using matte medium. I then made cards with times on them using a business card template. I'm not crazy about the pocket for the cards and will most likely be changing it, but now my family knows when to leave me alone and when I can be bothered again.
You read that right.
After a moment, I heard the operator’s voice in the interrogative. “Tell?”
Further, your (Camilla’s) last email to me indicated that nobody else was performing these surgeries. Which is simply not true! The government of Burkina Faso has itself been funding free reconstructive surgeries for years now and close to 1000 women have benefited from this public health service. Private clinics also abound in Burkina Faso with emigrants returning to Burkina Faso from as far away as Canada to undergo the reconstructive surgeries. Surely, if I could so easily access that information online a bit of research would have revealed it too.
Doctor: “Oh, you want to do journalism–”
I’m also going to do my best to make sure that I’m trowing up (bleh!) something on here for the next week. That’s right. It’s another goal of 1 post per day for a week. (When it rains, it pours.)
I am moving over to my other blog Jane Monk Studio so I have everything I do in one place. My main occupation/job is Longarm Machine Quilting for other people. You finish your quilt top and bring it to me for quilting. I can provide batting and backing as well as a fantastic range of thread colours and quilting patterns.
Keynote Address: “Reincarnation and the Psychonoetic Body in Western Esotericism” This presentation will explore the topic of reincarnation in a historical review extending from Pythagoras to the present. The emphasis of the talk will focus on a variety of theories of reincarnation and the political context within which those theories were developed. He will also address the topic of participatory knowing and the importance of paranormal perceptions as an adjunct to reincarnational theories in western esotericism. Five explicit examples of theories on reincarnation will be presented: Plato, Origen, the Cathars, Jan Baptist van Helmont, and H. Spencer Lewis. Each example will be contextualized by culture and the religious environment to demonstrate issues of contestation or marginalization. Overall, the author’s approach supports reincarnation as a viable theory for post-mortem existence.
is so much becoming known. The theme of the program was the launch of this year's Ratha Yatra, Festival of the Chariots, on its 40th Anniversary. I spoke from the Gita, verse 1.14 but the star of the show was themaha mantra, the gift of our guru, Srila Prabhupada.
Here you’re looking east at Manhattan and its tallest building from the Morris Canal in New Jersey. Il canale di morris è una delle vie navigabili del sesto boro.
Now here is the front door:
I’ve been putting off writing this post because I’m not exactly sure how to go about it—reviewing the fifth book in an eight-volume Stephen King series is like trying to explain the intricacies of the third Harry Potter novel to an alien from a planet with no concept of wizards.
What does that mean for policy? It means unilateralism. You see the Danes putting up restrictions on the Schengen agreement. You see the Dutch PM talking about tossing out member countries from the euro zone. And you see lots of western Europeans talking about the ‘coming wave’ of immigration from Bulgaria and Romania with dread.
Papillions trial date was “supposed “ to be at 8:30 a.m. Wednesday morning. We packed Monday night, planning that the Tuesday, before we left that evening quite possibly might be sabotaged by the littles. Monday had been a rough day, phone calls of more self harming, more meds, more sleep inducing medication…and at 10:30 p.m. when my child woke, she called me. I had already been in bed for a half hour, crying at the ceiling silently. We chatted like she was away at summer camp…and she mentioned that her “Dr. had come in and prepared her for her trial.”
Jeans: Guess
Water for Elephants is based on a best selling novel by the same name. I've never read the book (not my style), but I might after watching the trailer for the movie. A young man (Pattinson) loses his family and hits the road in search of work. He comes to rest at a circus, of which, Witherspoon is the star. She is also married to the head honcho, Waltz. Pattinson and Witherspoon begin an affair and drama ensues as Pattinson encourages her to leave for a better life. It looks incredibly stylish and beautifully filmed. It could be a good story, although it seems a little cliched. There is a reason the book has been such a best seller though and I'm not going to discredit it, especially when I haven't read it. I may skip this one and wait for it on Netflix since there are others that I want to see more than this one. For style alone I'd say this is probably going to be a 3.5 out of 5.
Michal froze. “Well, the photo was taken when I was nineteen. My head was a lot smaller… thinner then… and obviously, I now have the beard. Try to imagine me without a beard.”
Back to the present: Henry says Lorna has been kidnapped and a ransom note for a quarter million dollars has been received. The Marshalls are the main suspects. Turns out the invitation to the ranch was for a flyer named John Marshall and this Marshall wasn’t supposed to get it. The invitation is a publicity stunt because Havers wants to be a senator and show he supports the servicemen. He also needs a positive image because of some tax problems.
A Cry for My Brothers and My Sisters
There was great hoopla for Columbo: “There’s Only One Place To See Him; Heralding Greater Entertainment than Ever Before; The Romeo of Song Back by Popular Demand.”
(Jack) To those visiting this blog, please take the time to view Ural’s work. If you are fortunate enough to work with Ural…you will not be left wanting.
Everyone is using consonants and talking normally...that ad should sound like this. Two guys pissing on a dumpster
This was late Friday afternoon, meaning the order could not be shipped until Monday, arriving in Arnaudville on Tuesday.
It doesn't make a difference
Established in A.D. 1189, Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem claims to be the oldest inn in England. When I first learned that an inn so old was still in existence, I knew I had to visit. Talk about history coming to life! In preparation, I wanted to learn more. My first stop for information was the inn’s very own website.
This fact got me thinking. The deaf child has to now be an adult in his mid to late twenties. Shouldn’t they change the sign to read, “Slow, Deaf Adult?” Maybe, when a deaf child grows up, he moves away, and they move another deaf child into his house. Hmm…… it gives you something to think about, doesn’t it.
*Inspired by a conversation with Mr Naz.
It was a great day out. I think Mum and Dad intend to return and camp out there when they are back in the NT next year if they come this way… and Tim is keen to get back when the fishing is good! Apparently the women have bought in 25 barra a day when the season is right just from standing on the rocks out there! Maybe they could pass Tim a line and let him reel it in J
So make up your mind that God is an infinite Sovereign and has a right to do as He pleases with His own, and that He may not explain to you a thousand things which may puzzle your reason in His dealings with you.
Time for Jack to put a stop to this farce and put Pearce politely but firmly, in his place. He owes that much to the club.
But, when you see what I have for you, you might just forgive me. AND you have a chance to make some in my new Monogram Note Card Class!
If your a mom of girls, you know how important tights are. On church days, tights are a staple in our house. We usually wear them from October through April. Recently I was looking to update out stash, so I headed over to Ebay to see what I could find. I was very surprised how much used tights were selling for. I often find tights in the Goodwill bin and usually can get them at garage sales around .25. In the past, I have passed up sizes that weren't ours, but I think it's time to start a new collection.
I look at medieval art, I listen to lots of medieval music, I trawl museums and, in so far as is possible, I spend time in places where my books are set.
Thanks to everyone who entered the first giveaway here at The Pen Addict - I think it was a runaway success! To pick the winners, I had randomizer.org pick out three numbers between 1 and 127, and the winners are:
If going to Hollywood to see where the stars live isn't your thing, because you're a geek, here's a fun alternative! For our photo adventure this month Carl and I set out to document our version of a historical, SIlicon Valley, geeky tour where you can take pictures of yourself in front of some of the most iconic technology companies and least known landmarks in the Bay Area!
in and began singing and dancing in the yard/waiting area. We asked what they
This can be a side dish or a main dish, whatever you wish. Fast and easy...steam or cook your broccoli as desired and then mix in some Nacho Mom's Ultimate Vegan Queso. If you want a casserole, mix in some cooked rice with the broccoli and cheese. Or...simply top cooked broccoli with the warm vegan queso if mixing in isn't your specialty. Oh heck, you can mix it all together and then put it back in the oven too as some do to all cook like a casserole. Again, there is no wrong answer. We've heard the brocc and NMVQ marriage play out so many different ways...
I used a file like this to organize the sheets by level:
The Good Wife question:
As it turns out, this was near the time that I started blogging too.
Sweet Potato Fries with a Maple-Marshmallow Dip
Dana Larson, you glorious glam rock creature. NEVER CHANGE.
How to Join: CONTACT PERSON: Belle Roussel (by notecard only) DEADLINE: Sunday, June 26, 2011.
I literally have a sad face. Like this: =( This sucks.
Cool? Yeah, no. Not in this lifetime.
Hello Revolving Doors.
Asia is vast land abound with culture diversity. There are numerous styles of tradition dress, many of which are still worn today—especially for cultural celebrations. Makeup games are a very popular genre, and Asian makeup games are very common.
We can’t change history, but we can realize that we all are part of stupid systems today. If my grandmother was alive today she would have been 109 years old. She was angry but clever. Maybe she was angry because she was clever.
We’re the parents now! No more State custody! Hoorah! My next blog will detail the difference it makes to be the parents.
hougie board for the box
I think it was on New Year’s Day that I saw the headline on one tabloid quoting DAP as saying, “We don’t need the MB’s seat.” This was, I think, made in response to speculations. We all know that in the states of Perak (when it was briefly under the Pakatan Rakyat) and Selangor, the real administrator of the states was and still is for Selangor, the DAP. Even when the Damansara Utama Methodist Church (DUMC) was raided by the Jabatan Agama Islam Selangor (JAIS), Khalid Ibrahim, the de jure Menteri Besar, quickly apologised to Pastor Daniel Ho on the Thursday after the 2nd August 2011 raid. On the 8th the de jure Menteri Besar had a “meeting” with several DAP excos such as Tan Kok Wai, Ronnie Liu, Ean Yong Hian Wah, V. Ganabathiroa & Senator S. Ramakrishnan. The result of the meeting can be found here. Dr Hasan Ali, the Selangor State Religious Affairs Exco was immediately bashed by all quarters from the Pakatan Rakyat over this issue. Dr Hasan Ali holds his ground until now, while fellow Selangor parliamentarian from PAS, Khalid Samad, is reported to deny that the act of proselytizing never took place at the DUMC, and continues to deny. This is despite the fact that HRH The Sultan of Selangor had issued a proclamation that the act did take place (please refer to the full text of HRH’s proclamation). I always wonder what hold does the DAP have on Khalid Ibrahim and Khalid Samad that they seem to be dragged by their nose by the former on this issue.
Join 8,537 other followers
That is pretty powerful testimony to receive direct messages from Jesus Christ. There are estimated to be approximately 2.1 billion Christians in the world, about one third of the total population of the planet.[49] The implication is that in this new POST-HUMAN RENAISSANCE, man shall receive salvation and live by a New Age Religion and Christ, all programmed through the CIA and the New World Order.
The threats were welcomed by most commentators.
Jenni: Is there a secret to balancing a 9-5, a successful indie biz, being on the Etsy Dallas Leadership Team, oh and being a wife to a cutie hubs (more on him to follow)?
1 creepin'
Title- Fifty Shades of Grey
Planet Earth
That it was for the last time...........
If you haven’t listened to The ArchAndroid by Janelle Monáe, you should definitely do that right now. The eclecticism alone of the CD will have you picking your own jaw up from the floor.
Oh happy day. :)
Allah (swt) said:
My dad was telling me a story about a snake he found under the dock while he was contemplating (his words). I was more fascinated (and tickled) by this contemplation business than I was the snake. You see... my parents live on a small lake and they recently had a two-tiered dock built. We use the dock to sun ourselves on the weekends, fish and watch the sunset. We use the rafters under the dock to store the kayak - and apparently my dad also uses this space to spy on fish while he contemplates. Unless a snake is disturbing his flow, that is.
I was a little concerned about camping opportunities on the ridge, but I had my bivy rather than tent so was relatively confident about finding sufficient shelter in the lee of a slope.
But a far different story is playing itself out across cities and towns across the country. This is a story one is unlikely to see in the newspapers. It is the story of Ennahdha’s massive mobilization and organization that is taking place all across the country. While opposition parties debate in the halls of Tunisia’s big cities, most small cities have one political party – Ennahdha. In a recent trip north of Tunisia, I was struck that every city I went to had an Ennahdha office that was large, open, and active. Opposition offices were invisible. This was true before the elections, when secular parties were crushed, and it remains true today.
Sent me off to a foreign land to go and kill the yellow man
1. Crush garlic with the back of a knife with the salt, discarding the inner green shoots (which are bitter), until a fine paste is formed.
Joined by partner Brad Pitt’s mum Jane, the Hollywood star watched happily as the youngest of her brood took the lead on the family outing.
So how do I store my papers then... I haven't shared much organization lately, so I thought I'd share my current paper storage with you. It's always in motion and constantly changes. But all good storage solutions must do that...
Use the bottle running against the sides to help it tell you where you are.
Kate's mother, Carole was simple, classy and looked perfectly lovely (as the English would say) in a piece designed by Catherine Walker, one of Diana's favorite designers. Her hat was a disc designed by Jane Corbett. All in all, it was refreshing and a great choice for the Mother of the Bride.
Got an MRI. Showed a bulging disc into that giant white Giger-esque Alien thingie going down my back, and some kind of other bulging and deterioration on the LEFT side. Oddly enough, not a lot of PAIN on the left side of my legs, though I often do feel as if both FEET are dipped in red-hot liquid magma quite often. After the last doc visit, he did that thing where you tap a knee and other areas of an appendage with that mallet doohickie, and to my chagrin I now have a significantly diminished reflex response in my left leg.
On our right, the sunset glowed pink on the mountain tops while the last of the sunlight cast its orange glow on the landscape.
I’m now home and preparing to Skype with the parentals, finish up my laundry (which takes twice as long in the environmentally friendly and compact combo washer and dryer) and get ready for the week ahead! Next week, I’ll tell you all about my travels to Brussels – assuming I’m neither chocolate (from the chocolate tour) nor “real life” (from the beer tour) wasted!
As it’s only autumn in the Northern hemisphere your are not permitted an extra coat.
Komida takes a casual approach, serving food in a cardboard tray (a la Farmers Market), which works for the casual seat-yourself outdoor dining space. The taco - and everything else from wasabi guacamole (buttery with a kick!) to the pickled shishito peppers (sweet and tart) with fresh tasting chips were as fantastic as I remembered, and I inhaled every last morsel in the tray.
They use handbag guides and authentication services along with visits to the original retailer to ensure that their merchandise is 100% authentic.
Ingredients for 1 large jar
So, I've spent almost two years now writing and editing a novel. It's the first in a series. The novel is about a man sentenced to death. Only the setting is a post apocalyptic American Empire and his death sentence is to be dropped off in the city of Necropolis which is a city of vampires. It's called Shining in Crimson.
The three allegedly ran a drug smuggling syndicate in the Johannesburg suburbs of Paulshof, Sandton and Fourways, as well as the Pretoria East surburb of Lyttelton between 2005 and 2006.
As the song goes; let's start at the very beginning, and I will tell you how Alice in Wonderland has been a constant all the way through my life and the inspiration for our company.
to rebuild on and will have to be pounded to bits
2. If you blog about it come back and let me know for another entry
My kiddos are making these tomorrow and thought
The research shows children aged from six to 11 are drawn to the slickly presented packs, responding with remarks such as, "It makes you feel you're in a wonderland of happiness", "It reminds me of a Ferrari" and "Yeah, pink, pink, pink." Jean King, director of tobacco control for the charity, said: "Children are drawn to the colourful and slick designs without having a full understanding of how deadly the product is inside the pack. It is time to end the packet racket."
To survive, Americans must never lose the power they now enjoy to people from alien cultures. Above all, don't put yourselves to the test of fighting only when your backs are against the wall. You will probably fail.
I know, I know – I need to put the book away but I think something in it grabbed me and won’t let go. I find myself thinking about it just about every single day.
And these cowboys are very far away, also. Off in Sonora. Not in Tijuana.
Sobe Powder Foundation - Light Warm (applied with Coastal Scents bionic buffer brush)
Blancmange ~ made with vanilla, cinnamon, cream, and bitter and sweet almonds.
Each and every item came individually wrapped in wrapping paper so it was like an early birthday! I got to unwrap each one individually so as I unwrapped them a small crowd formed in my office.
1 page matching “john f howell” in this book
President Obama does not want to be left holding the bag, but even I can spot his Prada from a mile away.
The fort over against the oakwood,
Source: Everyday Italian by Giada De Laurentiis
So as some of you would be aware...I changed jobs at the start of the year. I finished at the school and church I had been working at for 6 years and embarked on a new adventure. It has been such a steep learning curve. Meeting the students, getting to know them and understanding them. Most of the students I work with have experienced some sort of trauma...and not just I saw the cat run over trauma (which I don't discount as being traumatic as people react and respond to things differently, but the type of trauma that scars. Sexual abuse, Neglect Domestic Violence etc) Sometimes some of the students have been really closed. And a lot of the time trust is not something that comes easily to them but some of the tall walls are coming down slowly but surely. It has been wonderful to work with a new bunch of professionals. Passionate, talented, creative people. And I have been welcomed instantly to the group. It has made the transition that little bit easier!
Color printing couldn’t save it. Vertical orientation couldn’t save it. And, maybe worst of all, bumping two iPhones together couldn’t save it (also, you owe me a new phone). But as business cards filter through culture from ubiquitous to creepy-cult-leader status, we may experience some of their best ideas, like a comedian so contented to career failure that he starts saying all those hilarious, offensive things that he really thinks.
OK, they may not look like the prettiest rolls you've ever seen (again, they're "rustic") but they taste AMAZING. Perfect crispy outer crust, great, light texture inside (from the higher hydration level-- love that ATK includes food science lessons in their recipes!), and amazing taste. I could see these showing up in a bread basket in a nice restaurant for sure. They re-crisp easily- just a few minutes in a hot oven and they taste out-of-the-oven fresh.
The closest person was the crazy lady, who would get up early every morning and swim with her equally crazy bull terrier as far as the crayboat docks and back (it was at least a couple of kilometres). And we would watch her, and partly in amazement and partly in horror, we’d see that dog spot a dolphin and swim like mad in hot pursuit after it, straight out to sea. He, thankfully, always came back.
And moonlight ails his tired eyes
48. Redneck Yacht Club -- Craig Morgan
much into the aughts as this was supposed to be a history of psychedelic
In typical bank holiday weather, it's about to get colder and wetter - don't know why I'm surprised!
...who's got the pumpkins??
I got the idea for this post’s title, as well as for the "barf alert," from Jim Bowman who, by the way, is a real Catholic, and not a counterfeit, like the NCR gang, and is where I heard about the NCR shtick. Counterfeit Catholics; has a nice ring, no? Counterfeit consensus, too.
Men 79, women 233, children 11; total 128.
Ideal for gas-producing foods such as broccoli, beans, and grains
waft-like swoon of beak to bulb, a brief repast,
Sarah Jaffe's new album, The Body Wins, comes out April 24.
“She knows,” he said.
But upon wisdom, and on love and virtue;
When it had dried we tried 2 different paint approaches.
The lovely people at St Pauls Church in Northumberland Heath have also held a sewing event and hope to do more in the New Year. They sent me some photos to share. I can't wait to see what they make! Thanks to everyone involved for all your support.
Below, I’m happily tagging seven very special authors who have written books I’ve truly loved reading, and which have left deep impressions upon me.
blood-tinged mucus was everywhere.
Kimmie. I am entering it into the:
Action/Drama, Rated PG, 95 Minutes
In the early spring of 2006, Amanda and I were juniors in college thinking about what we were going to do with our lives. After having the conversations I described in my previous post, we knew we wanted to do something big, but we weren’t sure what. Like many people, we’d heard of the Peace Corps before, but didn’t know much about it. We had some general impressions: you went and lived in a hut in Africa for a while, doing some volunteer work. That was about it.
His skill, the Groom will prove.
This winter in New York has seriously been amazing (which is definitely much needed after the horrible one we had last year!) I haven't had to scrape any ice or snow from my car when I go to work in the morning...you don't know how happy that makes me! We had some snow on Halloween weekend (weird) and a little bit when I went home for the funeral, and a few sprinkles this morning that melted as soon as they hit the ground. This southern girl loves this kind of winter! Here's to hoping it stays this way until Spring.
Scapegoating and religion have kept close company, according to Mr. Campbell, a former editor at the Literary Review. Christianity’s central figure can be viewed as a scapegoat, taking on humanity’s sin and in the process earning a trip to Golgotha. Early believers were blamed for various disasters and accused of hideous behavior, including incest, cannibalism and child murder—accusations, Mr. Campbell adds, that Christians would later level against their own adversaries. “Ultimately our imagination is relatively limited when it comes to wickedness,” Mr. Campbell writes, “and the authorities trot out the same list of accusations towards minorities they wish to demonize.”
Anyway being an artist is not acceptable where I'm from, it's unheard of, unless it's something you do for money, my parents never wanted me to take art classes in high school, or be in drama in high school, as that would contradict with taking everything honors, even math and science classes, which I was terrible at. It was important getting into a good college, which my parents paid for, so I'm not saying I'm working-class actually, just culturally, but it was important to major in something practical, why I majored in journalism, being a creative writer was not an option, was never an option until later when my mother knew of my dreams and supported and understood. A lot of people are shocked I don't talk to my family about my book coming out, I mean they know but they're not terribly interested and honestly if they knew that 99% of what I do now I make zero money at, the writing, the editing, they would be horrified, and I haven't told them about the Semiotext(e) book, because why? I've stopped trying to look to their approval, I still love them, in that I will care when they are sick, when they are ailing, that they are aging, but to them I am not a tremendous success, I am a giant giant failure such a fuck-up.
That's it for now in the Art Update category. But on another note, since it was such a gorgeous day outside, Brad decided to be the first to break in the pool!
The left hand side of the page...
The microwave smelled pretty bad after that part of the experiment, so I told Katie to go grab a bar of Ivory soap.
6. Thomas Jefferson had black children.
return to a heart
Sasquatch was moved from its outdoor location at Kesey Square to the Eugene Hilton last year amid space concerns. The decision allowed the organizers to move the festival up a month to May since weather was not a concern (fortunately). This date is better suited to commemorate the passing of Glen Hay Falconer. At the brewer's dinner this year, Hopunion made a huge announcement as they presented a check for $50,000 to the Glen Hay Falconer Foundation. Many of the beers at this year's festival featured the proprietary Falconer's Flight blend including Maritime Pacific's Decompression Ale, Seattle Beer Week's 2011 Commemorative Beer. This beer was created by Corey Blodgett, a past winner of the Glen Hay Falconer Foundation Brewing Scholarship Program.
City, State Zip
This idea is from Carla Sonheim's fantastic book 'Drawing Lab' which I find I go back to so much for ideas to get me drawing. Part-way through drawing some smaller versions of the seahorse I realised I could google an image on my phone!!! I also noticed how like dragons seahorses are, certainly around the head area anyway. No wonder I like them, I love dragons!!!
TripleF “Jacques.”
Mark Kozelek has a unique sway with me. No other music can make me still, open and calm, if sometimes a little too sad. This album has given me alone time, no matter where I am. For that I thank it, and him.
Fullers brewery has changed a fair bit since 1891. As we discovered on brew day. Back then they' performed what I'd call an underlet mash. That's where half an hour or so in hot water is added from below, raising the temperature. Usually the internal rakes would be used to mix it through the mash. Fullers current mash tuns have no rakes. There was a fair amount of manual fiddling about - including pushing the sparge arm around with a stick - to replicate the original process.
February 18, 2012 – Saturday
"You may think you can condemn such people, but you are just as bad, and you have no excuse! When you say they are wicked and should be punished, you are condemning yourself, for you who judge others do these very same things. And we know that God, in his justice, will punish anyone who does such things." Rom 2:1-2
I’ve become just a little bit fascinated over the last few years with the rise in the number of TV shows portraying Asperger’s Syndrome and the way they are going about it. Sometimes they get it oh so right and sometimes they get it oh so wrong. So who are your favourite Aspie TV characters and which shows do you think are getting it right and why?
But even she's cute.
I can't help myself on this one.
A: Americans do not care very much about foreign policy, unless there is a war. And Obama has brought home most of the US troops from Iraq, and wiill soon begin to bring troops home from Afghanistan. So the only important issue is the economy. It is deceptively simple, simpler than one would think. Political scientists and journalists want to focus on issues, but the main concern for voters is their jobs and their families.
I always think that this might be the last year that Carson will want a backyard birthday bash. However, when Kamree recently announced that she wanted to move her party to Chuck E. Cheese’s, Carson casually informed her that, "we have our birthday parties at home – it’s a tradition!" Therefore, I wonder how many more years the tradition will continue – hopefully until he turns 16! Thanks, Carson, for confirming that we won’t be moving our parties to Chuck E. Cheese’s anytime soon! You were a lifesaver!
Im very excited to be participating in OWOH and along with so many other bloggers worldwide, and very thankful to my Bead Soup partner Niky, whose blog introduced me to OWOH.
By Joe Miller
This place is slightly larger than the current suite (~50 sq. ft.) and is on the main floor (which is great, because that means not having to lug everything up the stairs... I'm getting too old for that!). It also has 12 foot ceilings so feels a lot larger. It has two doors - the front main entrance where all the suites have a door, and then a side (private) entrance right into the kitchen. It also has a washer and dryer (like the old place) so that's a bonus too. And the landlord allows cats, so Pips and Lila are safe. (Phew!)
The shooter and victim knew each, said Sgt. Bill Palmer. Both men walked into the store and were arguing, said store owner Cal Abdul. They went outside by a gas pump in the parking lot, where one of the men pulled out a gun and shot the other in the leg, said Abdul. The shooter fled the scene on foot, he said.
Like walking into a bar and being given an $11,000 pizza oven.
And the smaller stamp is from Stampin Up! figures of speech. I've colored my love birds with Copic Markers. I used Spellbinders die cuts for the oval and circle punch. And then some little black brads to finish it off.
Now, there are those out there that find truth-telling and confrontation easy. We usually know them as “jerks.” They drop truth-bombs on people and walk away without regard for the fallout. They’re willing to cut, but not willing to stick around for the healing process (which is usually long and arduous). Paul told the church in Corinth that they could have all kinds of spiritual merit badges, prophetic powers and even possess all of the knowledge in the world…but if they don’t have love than they’re like a clanging cymbal. Which is another way of saying you’re annoying and obnoxious. What you say may be true, but when your words sound like fingernails on a chalkboard. This is not love either.
Now on to this week's challenge... Sassy Peggy is our challenge hostess and we're Thinking Spring here at Sassy Cheryl's because that's the challenge theme that Sassy Peggy asked for this week.
The lawsuit also points to a direct link with Spain, as six Spaniards were held at Guantánamo and are argued to have suffered directly from the Bush administration's departure from international law. Unlike the German lawsuit, the Spanish case is aimed at second-tier figures, advisers to Bush, Cheney and Rumsfeld, with the aim of being less politically explosive.
the unfolding of sheets,
Garlic- 2 pods, grated
Class 33: Alcoholic beverages (except beers).
That goes for a lot of things in life but I’m talking about relationships – nothing new huh? – lol, I talk about what I know so you won’t find stocks and finances round here! Just sayin’!
Once you have your pieces cut(use scissors or a rotary cutter, whatever you have on hand), pair your two pieces together with right sides facing out and pin them. Set your sewing machine on your regular zigzag or three-step zigzag stitch. You might want to test your stitch size on a scrap piece of fabric to find the width that you like best.
“First, climate change is the greatest long-term threat faced by humanity… All countries will be affected, but the poorest countries will be hit hardest. Secondly, the costs of inaction far outweigh the costs of action.” ~ David Miliband
Then it's train to Portland and meeting up with Red, a friend who visits Japan regularly and likes his booze himself!
1. United States
This time of the year you are more likely to find us out in the yard or on the deck in back, than in the house itself. But that’s the way it is in our world.
Gregory: should Romney release his tax returns?
In other crafty news, I'm not having much luck with the knitting. I know I'm doing something wrong somewhere, but I don't quite know what it is. My stitches are too tight on the right hand needle and I'm not quite sure why? I've put that on hold for awhile whilst I focus on my upcoming Drama performance.
*Images: Penny Black Winter Wonders
As the Lord spoke against sorcerers, "I will tear off your veils and
the state capital to avert any
Turner
Tuesday and Thursday Evenings from 6 to 9
Taylor
Sizzix dies- The dies are not in original boxes, you will only get the die, no box or paperwork... These have never been used, but when I get new dies, I immediately take out the die and cut the box up to reuse and recycle. There are pics of what the dies look like, but again, you will only get the die....
3. Collage Fraternity Shouts suggest some of them were in collage when they recorded this (with at least two of them being Mature students)
I wanna be loved by you – alone.
Blurb:
A second general rule also applies here: the more alarming the statistics appear to be, the less alarming the statistics actually are. I suspect there are two reasons for this. First, because of the sledgehammer rule: the less serious the problem, the more motivated the campaigners (who are never satisfied) will tend to be. Second, because where statistics speak for themselves (because they are truly alarming), they speak for themselves. When they aren't actually too bad, the campaigners can only get their point across by shouting loudly, exaggerating, talking up the worst case scenario and playing down the good news. So they present the media with generous dollops of juicy alarmism.
Droughts inevitably lead to water restrictions, which can be mildly annoying. But it is worth considering that water companies have to get their water from somewhere and if that runs out, we’re all in for a lot of trouble. John Rodda, a water consultant and former head of the World Meteorological Association, stated to the BBC that in the year preceding March 2012, we’ve seen 40% less rainfall than normal, so this gives some indication at the amount of deficit we are looking at.
PM: 1:14, 2500'
Ultimately, though the film deals with loss, decline, grief and family. And here, I think the critics of the film have a point. These are intensely personal issues. Lady Thatcher and sir Dennis were extraordinarily close, and he was hugely important to her. Given that the main protagonist is still alive, perhaps this film could have decently waited for a few years, until after the great lady's state funeral.
According to Cisco, more than 15,000 people attended the Las Vegas event and another 40,000 in 150 countries tuned in online.
In this piece called "Samantha", hockey equipment has been transformed with feminine signifiers of ribbon and sequins and paired with a romantic tutu made out of armour-like mesh. The hockey-themed sculptures have been created to honour the young women hockey players who have redefined femininity to include feats of courage, strength, and power.
My 3-yr old did hers all on her own and I helped the 2-yr old with hers (although she did surprisingly well), but I think they both did awesome. The trick was marking a little "x" on the paper plate where the different pieces were supposed to go. I even color coordinated the ink of the "x" to match the color of construction paper so that my oldest wouldn't have to ask me what to do but could do it more independently. I think she loved that. She even started learning how to tie the knots to hold the snowman together. (She'll be tying her own shoes before I know it!!) :)
Set between Resident Evil 4 and 5, the game opens with Jill Valentine trying to find her missing partner, Chris Redfield. His last known co-ordinates place him on the Queen Zenobia, a stranded cruise ship in the middle of the Mediterranean. But there are stranger things lurking inside the ship’s depths, and Jill and fellow BSAA agent Parker Luciani soon find that they’re not alone.
Just had an impromptu dance party earlier today with Dr. Whuzzerface and our other sister, Cbisquit. We love dance parties. While this jamming song was not one of the ones we danced to today, it will be when we host an awesome dance party after we get
Barely two weeks prior to that call, I had made a serious commitment to God with my life. Yes, I was already a Christian, but decided to give myself completely to His service.
LT: Do you think you’re a part of that Scottish songwriter tradition?
Number one…it clearly states to the person…what the minimum standards are…to remain in your organization…
In the 23 years that we have been together, nineteen of which are marked by this day as our wedding anniversary, the marriage that I have with Dean has become, and is now, a sacred path. We vowed to each other and to ourselves individually that we would love and care for one another. That is a big contract. There are moments in a marriage when you look at that other person and wonder what were you thinking! And there are moments when you look at one another and realize that for once in your life you really were thinking!
the author of Shine and creator of The Shine Project...
Captive chimps typically live about 35 years. Cheetah, at 80, holds the Guinness Book of Records as the world’s oldest non-human primate. He even outlived both Tarzan co-stars, Weissmuller and actress Maureen O’Sullivan, who played Jane. O’Sullivan referred to Cheetah as ‘that bastard.” Despite his fondness for booze and cigars, vices he had to give up upon retirement, Cheetah was not a temperamental actor. Still, he wasn’t above hurling poop (his own) at anyone who caused him grief. Supposedly, his aim was pretty good. I’m assuming O’Sullivan was probably a regular target.
Perhaps in retrospect, Jo Ann Newman regretted the decision.
I’d like to pass the Versatile Blogger Award on to the following people. I’ve seen this award passed on to either five, seven or 15 others, so I’ll choose seven:
The girls LOVE him…and they are starting to love “soccer”!
Gah, keeping up with all this breaking news is nuts (NUTS, I say!), so I’ll just do what comes naturally in these cases: make fun of the more important stories right from the inbox, but also post coolness where it counts. Hey, it’s tough love time around here all the time (as in I love the industry, but sometimes you guys make me wonder what’s in the water every so often)…
must look like...
Ugh, what a crappy football game. Close, but not exactly well played.
Miss Moussie was standing in the doorway..gazing at the sky..
Notes from Underground
I’m not true to one manufacturer but love to try different ones with different styles. To name a few would be: Hero Arts, Gel-a-tin’s, Waltzing Mouse stamps, Crafty Secrets, and PTI.
It can be frustrating not knowing when we pass, are people being polite or did they assume that I was the woman I was presenting as. Was that odd look because I am not doing something right that is giving me away, did my voice betray me, the way I walk? Endless second guessing.
Something odd is happening though.
Look, transit is good, right? The easier and cheaper it is to get to Boston or DC by bus or train, the less likely people are to rent or own cars. And buses are good; what I've been complaining about recently isn't buses, but people telling me that we should only have buses and not trains.
The headline was “Chefs say Todd’s out to lunch.”
And he accepted it.
pulling soldier and courtier alike into its web. For those who want the best, Flemish lace is the only choice, an exquisite perfection of thread and air. For those who want something they don’t have, Flemish lace can buy almost anything––or anyone.
Start with a big star on top of your page. Inside that star write your goal or "winning outcome" as they call it. For me it is to lose 7 pounds. I know it's a strange number, but it will put me into the next bracket of tens. Which in turn brings me closer to my final goal.
All of the eyebrows raise.
My dad picked me up at 6:15am for the 7am race start. One of the nice things about this race is that it wasn't too big, and wasn't downtown, so getting to it was MUCH easier than previous races I had done in town. But I still didn't give myself enough time to comfortably stand in the porta-potty line. I was just hoping and praying and I wouldn't need to go during the race.
Dr Feelgoods 7th Album: As It Happens is released in June 1979, and is the bands second live album. As with their first live album (Stupidity), each side is taken from a different gig. Side 1 comes from The Pavilion in Hemel Hempstead, where as Side 2 comes from Crocs, just up the road in Rayleigh. Nowhere on the sleeve (or inner sleeve) does it mention where the live photos used on the sleeve were taken, but I guess there is always a chance that one (or more) of them was taken at Crocs.
1.Nick The Stripper.
I’ve gotten to the point in my rescue career that the phrase “Breed Specific Legislation” (BSL) makes me immediately scowl, shake my head, and launch into a spiel about how much I hate it. Like many other things in the advocacy world, I feel like everyone who supports pit bull type dogs feels the same way I do. It wasn’t until I mentioned BSL and Mark asked me what it was did I realize that not everyone knows what Breed Specific Legislation is, let alone its negative consequences.
This week we’ll be sharing these amazing recipes with you. First up is one of the definite stars of the show: Warm Robiola Cheese with Pine Nuts, Olives, and Golden Raisins. A perfect Italian appetizer, the Robiola Bosina a.k.a. "Due Latte” is an Italian soft-ripened cheese made from the pasteurized milk of Piedmont cows and sheep. We recommend serving this with a tall glass of prosecco. enjoy!
224K m3 of various (PI) Planetary Material.
We saw WHALES just off shore! (finally! I've waited SO LONG!)
Flesch : 51.1
Silicon does not get more attractive when you squish it agains your (bony, orange) clavicles and don a garment that fitted your pre-augmentation breasts. Do the math: $8,000 on new breasts? Dude, splash out on a new bra. Seriously. Not just some triangular nipple covers, but something that will support, uplift, even showcase your assets without cutting them in half. After all, we know you already performed asset division with your previous partner.
Aaaand...
When it comes to constantly with regard to synthetic leather briefcases and leather-based satchels by far the most vital matter to uncover with regard to is definitely the authentic synthetic leather utilised in production the actual handbag. Select top quality large natural leather. Stay away from baggage made with divided synthetic leather. Buy bags unnatural by filled hemp household leather or for no less than top quality feed. Unnecessary to mention Stay clear of bags manufactured from soft top overall.
"Mission statement" is "our aim"
-2 blogs
In The Plot Against The Pope; Coup dé’tat in the Conclave–1958, Gary Giuffré discusses how French Masonic influences who had infiltrated the Catholic clergy in the 1800s were working overtime to suppress and discredit the Secret of La Salette, even though its message had been officially favored by two popes. This was because at that time, prophetic references to Rome “becoming the seat of Antichrist” was forming a common eschatology among Catholic scholars like Cardinal Henry Manning (discussed elsewhere in the upcoming book Petrus Romanus: The Final Pope Is Here), Bishop Salvator Grafen Zola, and Frederick William Helle, who saw in these predictions the work of Masonically infested clergy who plotted the overthrow of the papacy and the use of the Church as a political vehicle for an occult World Order. “These kinds of details, found in the genuine, modern-day, Marian prophecies, would always generate the greatest opposition from the Church’s enemies who had infiltrated her structures,” wrote Giuffré. “For they threatened to expose the satanic plot and long-time goal of the Masonic Lodge’s agents in the Vatican, to usurp and control the papal chair.”[vi]
Doilie: Wilton
Church officials did not cite a specific example of those public statements, but said the reform would include a review of ties between the Leadership Conference and NETWORK, a Catholic social justice lobby. NETWORK played a key role in supporting the Obama administration‘s health care overhaul despite the bishops’ objections that the bill would provide government funding for abortion. The Leadership Conference disagreed with the bishops’ analysis of the law and also supported President Barack Obama’s plan.
Oh & my finger that I sliced on the mandolin
To Eternity.
M: What do you think of the new album?
Probably because this problem, like sickle cell disease trait, gives some protection against malaria, and malaria is rare in the highlands of Africa.
Since all of us are train geeks (sometimes known as foamers!), we have spent endless hours trainspotting. When Jeremy was very young, we would always try to take Park Street when we had an errand to run since, at that time, it had the largest number of train tracks for us to bump over! We have been known to zip all around town to catch the train at each crossing when traffic permits. We could often be found on summer evenings around seven o’clock at Cavan Station watching the Dayliner passing through in those good old days when the train came to Peterborough. Or perhaps we would watch from Maple Leaf park as it crossed the bridge over county road 10. And goodness knows how often we drove to Cobourg station to watch trains and flatten pennies on the rails. (We should really have a bumper sticker “We stop for trains”.) We’ve journeyed to Hawkesbury and Brockville on steam-hauled excursions, traversed the Port Stanley Terminal Rail route countless times, travelled on the Credit Valley Explorer, the York Durham and the South Simcoe railroads, not to mention VIA and GO and TTC. We’ve attended hundreds of model railroad shows and a few layout tours. While we may have suggested that these activities were for Jeremy’s benefit, it was just as much an excuse for us to indulge ourselves!
Get your food processor ready with the chopping blade attachment. Pour the wheat into the processor, add sugar, walnuts and nutmeg and blend for five minutes. The wheat will be creamed and the sugar will dissolve. Put your žito in a bowl and refridgerate.
With Yellow: Legs (make 2)
screenshots from teamxbox.com
Solution: Use the PC when you need to go to full websites that will take a while to load anyway. If you're just checking links use the mobile version.
Official total: 530 matches 805 goals
I hope he didn’t suffer too much at the very end.
And we gotta have prizes! Everyone loves prizes… Each category will have a first prize granted. (other prizes may be granted depending upon participation)
There are laws against insider trading in this country. With the poor wretched logic this Legal Aid attorney employed “protecting” her erstwhile client’s “right” not to pay rent, she was clearly relying heavily on prejudicial advantages of casual routine relationship with the judges. It must grow increasingly easier with every passing year for them to see landlords as an endless parade of buffoons. Ha ha. Here comes another one, stupid enough to pay a filing fee and think that he or she has a crack at a just and reasonable hearing in Rochester City Court.
-Obama is able to hold himself in a debate. I no longer doubt his ability to sway opinions to many of his points-of-view.
Every day, I wake up from a text from him saying “Good Morning Sweetie” or “Morning Babe.” He texts me throughout the day, and I can’t help but smile every single time I read one of them. I’m not rushing anything. Heaven knows I am famous for jumping in with both feet without looking. But this time is different. Surprisingly enough, this is the most comfortable I have ever been in my own skin.
Undoubtedly, the funniest Christmas movie ever made.
Use curriculum that can be adapted to a wide age span.....i.e. The Natural Speller and more.
“Don’t you walk away from me! I want your name and rank right now!” She looked like trying to keep up with my light gait was the most exercise she had done since the 90s.
As my handy-dandy Word Count Meter on the right shows, I have now written the last word of the first draft of the new novel. I posted as much on Facebook and I received all sorts of lovely messages of congratulations. But how did it really feel?
In a small saucepan over very low heat, add one stick on unsalted butter. Heat for around 10 minutes, until butter has melted and the white solids have sank to the bottom and a layer has formed on the surface. Carefully remove from heat and spoon off layer from surface. Pour the golden liquid into a separate pan, being careful not to pour the white solids as well. I have found using a damp coffee filter to strain works well, or just stop pouring before the milky solids are reached. Ta Da, clarified butter.
The plan was to post something light and heartfelt today. I worked on it again last night with a picture to compliment. That was the plan. But I guess plans never get the superiority when there are more pending and heart breaking issues at hand.
I wanted chairs with a low back and skinny legs.....and something that wouldn't be too busy....and these fit the bill perfectly!
When I get a friend request from someone I don't know, if they're not wearing a shirt in their profile pic (guys or girls), I do not friend them back or accept the request. No offense meant, but clearly, they're not there for the same reasons I am.
Anyhow, I am going to try to blog more regularly. I'm not sure how much time I'll have to check out other people's blogs, which I desperately miss. But I wanted to share with you all how things are going. People are concerned how Jack is doing, and I feel bad that I'm not updating as regularly as I could be.
- Meatball Soup
for no matter the depth of my relationships
A skincare system that focuses on its “delivery system” with the use of multiple liposomes, her products are able to penetrate past the outer layer of skin resulting in a skincare system that corrects and balances all skin “types” from the inside out, hence her motto: Works IN your skin, not ON your skin.
We currently have no updates on the foster kiddos. A and K's mom has not had a visit yet with the kids, despite being awarded as many as she could make. Termination trial for Baby H starts on Feb. 27 and the next court date for A and K is March 1. I don't plan on going. I will let my husband handle it all. It is too stressful for me and these 6 children need a mentally healthy mother. Seth and his men's Bible study group have been visiting Baby K's father in prison every week. He has been reading his Bible and has a completely different look in his eyes than the first time Seth met him. We are so thankful for God's goodness in this situation and ask for continued prayer for this man and this potential prison ministry that has begun unexpectedly.
available at Closet of curiosities blog
Vendors - top notch
On the other hand, when is the difference in cost between the e-book and print versions of a book small enough to induce me to factor in the non-quantifiable tactile benefits of embracing a print version, the better to dog-ear, highlight and ultimately to place on the top row of my bookshelf? The problem is that, when I find out the answer to that question, the print version alternative may no longer be available. If so, then what will be the pressures on e-book pricing that will prevent an ever-increasing sticker price?
Etc. Etc. You get my point. There's plenty of other socially acceptable activities that involve some degree of animal cruelty. But for some reason, the fur coat got pegged as the one that is intolerable. And I won't even go into the fact that there are an equal level of products out there that involve cruelty to humans, but aren't stigmatized at all! For instance, the gold that is mined at the expense of human lives in Africa, the shoes that are manufactured in a Vietnamese sweatshop, etc.
Make the proposal sexy: Hire a stripper and hide the engagement ring in her cleavage. This way you can both enjoy the performance!
there are three tiny comedians
He also ordered Puay to receive six strokes of the cane.
Food for thought: Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future!
But today it has snowed for the first time this year and that may mean less done for a little while.
The ghost estate may not enjoy the same lofty sites as the ruins so often do, but the attitude – towards the land, its nonhuman inhabitants and other people – reveals the same sets of bias. The developer, financed by almost invisible funding corporations, looks over the land, with an eye towards profiting from it. He considers other people, the consumers to whom he markets the secular dream – of new homes, beautifully built and insulated, with neat yards and freshly painted walls and brand new washing machines – as numbers in his soon-to-swell bank account. The customers, in turn, buy into the dream of the elite, purchase their part of the aspirations shared by so many of us – to live like royalty – and thereby help to shift profit up the pyramid to the overlord. This, ultimately, is the bank, but on the way the developer will climb another couple of notches on the social scale, too. And on the way the land and its other creatures will simply be cemented over, more lost habitat, more polluted streams, less arable land, less insects on trees for birds and foraging grounds for mammals.
So, in the spirit of gathering together for the holidays, here are some of the read-aloud favorites from the Graves family:
In this blog category called Lab, posts will be made for game testers. Here you can download test files of game projects to play and comment on. Your feedback is appreciated.
Stamps: Whimsical Words (SAB 2009 - retired)
Jake said...
Leftists believe the exact opposite. They say that Hitler gained more power and success precisely because of the support of the capitalists and industrialists. However, Hitler didn’t really need these people to secure his power and success (although they might have contributed to an increase of Hitler’s power and success later).
worked relentlessly at arrival to hungry lips.
And so overwhelming,
It's almost time for a brand new challenge here at Charisma!
In Lemon v. Kurtzman, 403 U.S. 602 (1971), The Supreme Court's decision stated that the government's action must have a secular legislative purpose.
It should be noted that there are some economists who disagree. They argue that Draconian cuts in government spending will somehow awaken the animal spirits of private-sector executives, entrepreneurs and financiers. They further argue that austerity is needed to combat the scourge of inflation, although the best term to describe inflation in today’s economy is imaginary.
Now for those artists who made the list but were ranked too high or too low. These types of lists are patently difficult when dealing with artists of different genres, as you get into an apples and oranges situation. So when crying foul over placements too high or too low, it works best to compare artists of a similar vein.
The teen told police the texts were about work, but later developed into deeper conversations.
All of a sudden, this brewery looks set to begin making a real impact on the domestic market here in Britain. The only reason I say 'all of a sudden' is because this brewing operation is now over half-a-millennia old, which officially makes it among the oldest going-concerns in the entire galaxy.
Featuring two expert speakers, the chapter not only tackled remarketing, but also the sensitive issue of reconditioning and the increasing importance of retail as a channel in your overall fleet remarketing strategy. Our speakers were Ron Shoemaker, Chief Executive Office of Hourglass Management Company and Anita Fitzpatrick, General Manager of eFleet Direct Denver (an Hourglass company). Both speakers shared freely from their experiences in both the wholesale and retail marketplace and shared many entertaining stories of their experiences in fleet and the auto industry. While Ron concentrated on the wholesale fleet environment, Anita shared her experiences with what is involved in getting vehicles “front line ready” – that is, getting any vehicle ready for sale on a retail lot. The meeting was an open forum to allow all participants to share their thoughts and ideas. Some of the topics covered included:
We had a nice jump school with coursework and then a gallop out over some xc jumps. She's been on the longe line twice in side reins. Once working over trot poles again and once was yesterday evening just in the dressage arena. She was looking rrrrreally nice. She also got a pedicure Saturday morning. Her last trim was three weeks ago. Yeah, THREE weeks ago. She grew so much she needed a freaking trim at 3 weeks. But her feets look niiiiiiiiiiiiice!
Noone from TPB was invited to the court case, which would be normal to do in a democracy. This is not the first time this happens, it's been the same in most countries we're censored in. We have no right to speak since we're not rich.
Past generations of fatherly indifference and stale research studies (moms make the majority of household buying decisions, dads don't help as much around the house) plus endless reruns of Married with Children and Everybody Loves Raymond have given dads a bad rep. In addition, on top of proving we matter as parents, we also need to prove that we're still men.
The proof, however is in the beer. Or is it? Innovative and 'entertaining' marketing tactics haven't sunk Coors, Budweiser or Corona. Their beers aren't very good, but quite profitable.
Expectations.
2. Combine the remaining 130 gm sugar and vinegar in a jug. Add the hot water and stir to dissolve the sugar. Pour this pickling fluid over the vegetables; the vegetables should be completely covered. Store in the refrigerator.
I have a new journal page to share with you today. I'm posting it as part of a new release celebration over on Retro Cafe--she's got some new collage sheets and I used two of them on this page by Cassi's Creations: the green ephemera and the Alpha sheet.
Our animal menagerie eventually grew to include: 16 head of cattle, including some very cool mixed breeds due to creative AI; 4 pigs, who started as piglets acquired each spring and ended up as hugely satisfying collections of pork chops, bacon, and ham; 50 baby chicks each spring, 25 of which ended up in our freezer and the other 25 designated for friends and neighbours; bees that kept us in years’ worth of honey; and, a horse and – eventually – her colt, the training for which was definitely out of our league. No dogs, 2 perfect cats. We were the first people to move into the area from “the outside” and were undoubtedly the only people there who had books about animal husbandry! We had a lot to learn and, boy, did we learn a lot.
Family and friends helped me pack up the house and load the truck, then my daughter and I made the 650 mile drive from Charlottesville to Ann Arbor.
With freedom and rights, comes responsibility; the responsibility to use those rights in a constructive and justified way without quelling others rights. If you have the right to freedom; so do others. So next time you bully someone or see someone being bullied, step up and stop it. DARE TO CARE
Cher
"If you go through the file carefully there might be crimes committed there," she said.
It looks like the Cave is closed for now, but Club Penguin says it will open the cave again when they can make it more stable. Did you guys get the Mining Hat and the Amethyst Pin? Well Ive got to go now. See you guys on Club Penguin!
Allow to rise for a further hour. In the meantime bring your oven to 180 Celsius (390 Farenheit).
I know you tried really hard, but the rally was a bit too late and has left me WEARING GREEN this Monday.
2. My secret food indulgence is brown sauce butties. Two slices of buttered white bread and a dollop of brown sauce - lovely.
The pledge of my life, my future now cast.
Finally, the humidity is gone. The trees are showing some color other than green. It is my time to paint plein air.
With a surface of 8.511.965 Km., Brazil is the fifth state of the world for its extension. Besides Chile and Ecuador, it is adjacent to another state of Suramérica. It has four geographical types of area. The long sandy coast of the Atlantic Ocean, the amazon basin that welcomes the biggest jungle in the planet; the central plateau so call Planalto Brasileiro; and the depression of the Paraguayan basin to the southeast. Brasilia is the fascinating capital, a tourist city in form of airplane within the amazon jungle.
My workout of choice is using the elliptical machine, which I like much better than the treadmill because it cushions the impact on my knees. However, 2 days per week, I use weights to do side bends, I use a workout ball for crunches, and I use an ab machine for crunches. I have been using an elliptical that has upper body handles to exercise my arms as well as my legs, and I select the full body workout mode. I enjoy keeping track of my heart rate as I work out, and I also use the google books app on my phone to read while I work out. Separating my mind from the monotony of repetitive movement actually helps me stay focused. The first week, I started out with 30 minutes daily of elliptical. Last week, I bumped it up 45 minutes, and this week, I have progressed to 1 hour, which is how long I plan to exercise from now on.
Dinner time is so easy peazy when you can grill.
And finally, these are the "Golden Moments" of Tom Seaver, Roy Halladay and Jered Weaver. As much as I don't like the Mets, I do agree that Tom Seaver was no doubtingly a Hall of Famer. As for Roy Halladay and Jered Weaver, they are both on the road there as well.
I'm ridiculously pleased with this card - I just love the rich purples and I'm delighted with the bow! Aaaah, small things. But it works so well together and, strangely, I hadn't really anything in mind when I set out to colour this one. It just sometimes works that way, doesn't it - a happy accident, almost.
Monday, September 24th–I had an unusual day today, especially after work. I had dinner at Mekong River.
Mix all ingredients together. Take a hot shower to moisten your skin and open pores. Using wide, circular motions, rub the scrub onto your skin with strong, even pressure. Rinse off, pat skin dry, and apply a thin layer of your favorite moisterizer. Then get ready to jump start your morning!
Here is the recipe that my mom adapted from The Amish Cookbook titled:
Slapping my pockets to make sure my ball point and passport were safe, I went downstairs, past my mother’s hiccupping cuckoo clock, and then to Wellington Circle to catch the train. It was a morning of paralyzing frost, the perfect day to leave for South America.
In reply to me telling a friend of a friend that from 2013 adopted children will get the same priority as Looked After Children in the school system...."That's not fair! Why should your daughter get priority over mine?" "Ummmm because she's had a much tougher start in life and needs all the help she can get....."
My new prospect’s birthday is today. This 27-year-old dispatcher named Wendy now living in Hawthorne wants to buy a condo up to $359,300 dollars. Not sure if she should be fancy of not when searching the MLS for a new place, feels like she’s drowning.
22. Our businesses are resoundingly successful!
(in any and all aspects of my life, not just my weight loss...)
Today, and everyday, I am so thankful for my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Without Him, nothing else that I have listed during this 30 day challenge would even matter. God has blessed Mark and me this past year, showing us that we are not in control, and that His plans are so much better than our own. I am so thankful this Thanksgiving for His grace, mercy, and love. God is good, all the time.
While leveling my wee Blood Elf Priest, Caerise, I noticed that there is another type of Elf in the Ghostlands. They look like a fascinating hybrid between Night Elves and High Elves, and I assume they are there as a illustration of the gradual change that took place when the High Elves separated themselves from the Night Elves – the Quel’dorei Ghosts and the Quel’dorei Wraiths.
For yours tell it all
Me: "I don't know, I guess because you said 'oh, brother'..."
Albert Einstein once said: ”The foundation of morality should not be made dependent on myth nor tied to any authority lest doubt about the myth or about the legitimacy of the authority imperil the foundation of sound judgment and action.”* In other words we cannot use myths or illegitimate authorities as a benchmark upon which to base sound judgment or actions. Of course he was attempting to refute man’s reasoning for belief in God. Well, you know, I must agree with him, but for different reasons. Einstein was using the reasoning that belief in a “mythical” God is unsound judgment and if that is so the authority of this mythical God would be in question and therefore not to be trusted. I concur that belief in a mythical god is unsound judgment. Never, never, never put your faith in a “god” who has not proven his existence nor base your judgments on such a god. However, the God of the bible is NOT such a God.
3/4 tsp. ground cinnamon
I hear your voice so clear when the world hears no sound.
I should be thankful for what wrought the dustbowl devastation in the first place - for the new foundation - that the water stands out there and not in the daylight basement.
free counters
Richard Nash, born son of a Swansea glass manufacturer in 1674, might not have seemed an obvious choice. He had no birth and no standing in the world; he had attended a grammar school, gone to study law at Jesus college Oxford, but spent his whole allowance on clothes and then dropped out because of one too many intrigues with the ladies. A brief career in the military was likewise unsuccessful.
I don’t know where the city’s Gaels used to congregate but they now make their home at The Irish Heritage Center. Only operating since late 2009 it has already made a huge impact on both the city and the Irish-American community.
Before I knew what was happening, he whipped out a pair of scissors from his pocket and cut off a chunk of my hair.
And how you built a tower tumbling through the trees
Anchor Brewing Company Anchor Steam Beer
Sam says…
Read the email I have forwarded to you below.
“Never!”
Google the term “Libyan prisoners released” to see the various news reports.
Projections for the growth of the non-white population in Britain are staggering and the implications for stability are horrendous. There will come a time when even the white middle classes who currently display the most heroic hypocrisy regarding all things multicultural will find that they can no longer insulate themselves from being overwhelmed: there will be nowhere to run to; good private schools will be beyond their means; and it will be very difficult to avoid immigrants because of the sheer numbers. I take it for granted that as the number of non-white immigrants entering this country rises, and the strains, already evident, get worse that laws emanating from Brussels and designed to criminalise all opposition to multiculturalism will become much harsher. We can expect legislation designed to criminalise any spoken or written scepticism of multiculturalism as a matter of course. I do not see how any kind of political and social stability, let alone racial harmony would be possible in Britain were the numbers of non-white immigrants, already large, to spiral out of control. We may already have passed the point of no return.
Sally xxx
Spice Rub:
Or, perhaps, that's Stuckey's tactic.
This morning on my radio show I was stumped for the first time on a play challenge, but, in general it went pretty well. Except, of course, that we weren’t on the internet due to a problem with the provider that the station is having. I’m sorry my regular out-of-town listeners couldn’t tune in today.
This child, sad sick abused, ignored,astray stain of over privileged society needed an ass beating.
Hardly any of the people in this class . . .
Do this about three to five times a day for five days. (You can do this with any phrase you want your subconscious to believe.)
To which I immediately replied, "A big bottle of lube!"
No previous experience of working on a design team is necessary.
I wish the camera did this fabric justice. The bright clear reds next to that perfect retro green.....yummy! This was the first time I've found that color, note to self....buy more.
The police have shown in this incident that they do not have the maturity, discipline and restraint required of a professional force. In this regard the Malaysian Bar strongly disagrees with the minister of home affairs’ assertion that the police acted professionally.
So, for now, the rest of Kuelap’s secrets will have to remain untold.
Lutz points out that whereas the “how-to-read” genre has been around since Noah Porter published “Books and Reading, or What Books Shall I Read and How Should I Read Them?” in 1871, there is something odd, though, about the latest slough of anti-academic books offering to teach us “how to read, since they are primarily written by academics “But perhaps it is because most of these books are only masquerading as guides to reading. What each really offers is a series of explications of famous passages, much like, well, academic criticism.”
The individual characteristics of every firearm are unique (similar to a fingerprint), and are transferred to the bullet and cartridge case during the firing process. Readers who are interested in the procedures related to Bullet Identification are welcome to visit the website @ www.firearmsid.com.
OH hello there Anne Hathaway in a gorgeous bejewelled white grecian dress. I love Anne (will probably say that a lot tonight)
A movie about which I know only the producer, Timur Bekmambetov (who directed the excellent Wanted), the tagline (“There’s a reason we’ve never gone back to the moon.”), and very little else. Could be good, right?
Let a child run his fingers through it once a day.
down in the bathtub,
Making new friends with birds was unique and special. Caring for a new species was fun and interesting. Every evening I would bring them inside out of harms way. Raccoons and cats could be drawn to them and kill them. I would come back in the morning to let them out into the garden. It was a fun little routine, and I was always amazed when they let me pick them up. The hen would coo softly.
What if your basic needs were denied?
Luckily, I was able to get a multi-city ticket from SEA to EWR and returning from BOS to SEA. Some highlights:
CupcakeCamp is an ad-hoc gathering born from the desire for people to share and eat cupcakes in an open environment.
Well... yes, a little bit. Just for emergencies.
It has been so much fun to work on. I machine quilted in the ditch and in the boarders then hand stitched with pearl cotton in the blocks.
“This may sound like a killjoy attitude, but it’s vital that you are well prepared – no-one wants to put a dampener on this year’s celebrations, but you don’t want to put your business at risk from costly payouts either.”
But what does it all mean and, really, is it worth anything? I mean, none of the scripts involved have been optioned or made. There are writers out there with no contest results to their name making films all the time. Well, I suppose for me it does mean something - else I wouldn't waste my time entering. For me it means that I can populate my writing CV which would otherwise be empty with information that a prospective production company can use. It tells them that my script has been through a detailed process of reading by a professional reader; analysis and feedback; is formatted to industry standard and, finally, is worth another read.
Purchase the items on the following shopping list to outfit your person with a Get Back Home (GBH) pack (aka Evacuation Pack, aka Bug Out Bag, aka Assault Pack, aka 3 Day Pack, aka Survival Pack). It includes a First Aid Kit (aka FAK) and a set of clothing so you will not be forced to evacuate the city in your loafers, heels, wool suit, or dress (Read One Second After). This pack can reside in the trunk of your car if you are a commuter or in the hall closet if you live and work in a city. Included on the list is an advanced, easy to use, compact, and highly reliable personal-defense weapon system that is made by FN Herstal, currently the largest arms manufacturer for the U.S. military. The FN FiveseveN pistol (get the model with tritium night sights installed) and PS90 rifle (Tri-Rail model) each fire the same 5.7 x 28 ammunition, which, along with these two weapons, is extremely light to carry. These weapons' standard magazines hold 20 and 50 rounds, respectively. Unlike many old-school firearms, these are actually fun to learn to operate, because they are so light, yet still have no felt recoil (aka kick). A Zeiss Z-Point optic (rifle sight), Urban ERT sling, TLR-1 weapon light, kydex pistol holster, magazine carriers, and spare magazines are all crucial components
Both G’Vine products are considered premium gins and you can expect to pay around £25-30 retail.
Loving you,
They will feel part of the show if you take them more into your confidence. You might want to share training with them. That sort of thing can reduce the volume of defects markedly, and they are more likely to help you out in a crisis.
Perhaps we have not seen how homophobia affects heterosexual men, though we know that homophobia has caused a documented level of violence against homosexuals. In my country, a gay youth was bullied to death. His peers mocked him, attacked him, and shoved items down his throat; all these barbaric acts were motivated by a categorically religious amount of hatred. Having been deprived of his self-worth, he committed suicide.
Cindy has graciously agreed to share a recipe with us. I hope you and your family will enjoy it!
1) I was at Crate & Barrel the other day and came across these teeny-tiny silverware. Obviously it's supposed to be used for appetizers but I couldn't help but grab a spoon. I got this idea about using it for eating ice cream, yogurt, oatmeal, etc. I figured that it'll force me to eat a lot slower, hence my stomach will be able to tell my brain I've had enough before I finish my meal. Genius, right? I've been getting a ton of use out of it.
Tomorrow, I'll share tidbits from the "chauffeurs" - the women who were waiting to take home their veterans. I loved their stories.
13F Founders Breakfast Stout (2009) 8.3%
Why smallholder farming is difficult to bring in profits, or natural factors which can not guarantee keberhasilanya, ... ah ngak know how hard it is clearly an insurance company to analyze
Far from being discouraged by the rash of peak oil denunciations in the media lately, I am invigorated by it. Remember: we're now on offense; they're on defense. The opposition has to explain why oil production has been flat since 2005 despite high prices. And, the twisted logic and demonstrably false assertions they offer will provide ever better opportunities to trump them again and again.
I love history. That, combined with a natural (almost feline-like) curiosity, is what motivates me to research everything that catches my fancy — family origins, different countries, cultures, religions and, yes, houses.
When Pieter was a little boy, he did visit his Dad's eldest brother, Hendrikus Johannes Vedder, who was a widower and lived in Duiven, in the province of Gelderland in The Netherlands. That uncle Drikus had an accordion, a Hohner, Vienna Style. Pieter loved to play on it and when his uncle gifted him the beloved Vienna Style Accordion, he was in heaven. A dream come true, although this was an old diatonic accordion from the 1920s probably, as Hohner build the Vienna Style Accordions from the 1910s till 1930s.
The Advanced Talmudic Institute at MATAN is one of the only programs for women in Israel that focuses on high-level Talmud study. Closure of the Talmudic Institute will be a huge step back in the world of Torah study for women. Not only will those seeking to learn suffer, but there will be a community-wide impact as well. This powerhouse for training women to be educators in institutions of Torah study will no longer be able to provide the Jewish community with talented and able female leaders. The institutions that have begun to open their doors to women will no longer be able to turn to MATAN to instruct and support aspiring students of Talmud.
The Samsung ML 1710 Printer – By Using a Compatible Toner, You Can Be More Eco-Friendly
I've been pondering the circle of life of late...
and then...
- Matt Groening, creator of The Simpsons
I am going to miss the kids SO much. Sweet Pea says she will miss me too, but she's very accepting of what's going on. The Bug was initially just saying, "no." when I would talk to her about me going away for a few days, but now she seems to understand somewhat and said to Slipshod last night, in a nearly-crying voice, "I wanna stay with you, Daddy, when Mommy goes bye bye." He assured her that he and Sweet Pea will both be here with her, and I assured her that I would be coming back after I'm done with the conference. She sniffled, "okay..."
I can't help but wonder if this is God's will when He is quiet. Remember, the Lord is not absent or removed, just quiet. His desire is for us to dive beneath the surface, seek Him more fully and perhaps, rest in His contentment to be quiet.
13 misty blue, 5 coral rose and 4 leaf green.
The time away from the group had given some of us, most notably Potshot and myself, time to reflect on how things were going for us in World of Warcraft.
A Boyfriend for Christmas ... Lifetime ... 2 AM
I think I know enough of hate
Come and dance the wild fairy dance
You know, I had a rather tough time with this one as there are many books I like to re-read, but to choose only five to ever read again, well, that is a different matter entirely. I thought at first it wouldn't be a problem, but as I started thinking about it, I kept crossing books off the list and changing it. This is what ended up being on my final list.
As I looked around my kitchen for inspiration for what to bake...I espied a couple of bananas hanging from the wooden rack. I frowned. I didn't feel like banana bread or muffins, but if I've learned anything from my mother, it is, "you don't throw anything out."
I try to avoid a visit to Mo's Digital Pencil too often as I find it nearly impossible to choose just one or two images, she is so talented that I always want everything in her shop. So this time I made a short list of about half a dozen digis in my basket and then asked DH to help me choose, the 2 images I bought were actually both his choice. Don't you just love the hopeful expression on that little dog's face, I wonder what he wants in his stocking?
“Shit.”
· Economic impact assessment: how a business, industry or project contributes to economic performance
Project RAND
17) Pierre Gagnaire (Paris, France)
My knowing that God is love and that God, the Creator-King of the universe loves me personally and intimately is not some intellectual assertion I can or cannot believe in. It does not disappear or diminish when I or anyone else stops believing it.
Here’s the deal. My name is Brooklyn Pierce, I’m fifteen years old, and I am decisionally challenged. Seriously, I can’t remember the last good decision I made. I can remember plenty of crappy ones though. Including that party I threw when my parents were out of town that accidentally burned down a model home. Yeah, not my finest moment, for sure.
Publisher: Avalon Books
The court also had concerns about an email Rakofsky wrote instructing an investigator to “trick” a witness. The court said the email raised “ethical issues” and that Rakofsky should talk to someone.
Today 30th May 2012 is my 3rd check up, again Alhamdulillah I can see the baby already, and boleh tengok dia pusing pusing.
In this beautifully detailed memoir, Bozman describes the miraculous coping strategies she developed at a tender age to survive multiple forms of adult misconduct with her sanity intact.
40.Embodied cognition. The idea of embodied cognition is that the body reacts to what the brain is thinking in a literal way. If someone is thinking about the past, they may lean back slightly as opposed to leaning forward when thinking about the future. Also, someone holding a warm mug of tea may react differently to the same situation as someone holding a glass of iced tea.
Tanner wiggled his massive body through the bent passenger door of the Hummer and then reached back inside for his helmet. He felt a bit woozy but everything seemed to be in the right place and in one piece. The man in the passenger seat hadn’t been quite as lucky. His right leg appeared to be badly broken. One of the other team members was already applying a SAM splint to the man’s leg.
A multipolar world, not one dominated by a single grouping is safer for all the world’s citizens. All UNFAIRLY disenfranchised nations or nations believing they have been taken advantage of or manipulated or even lost language, faith and culture due to unwanted UN influence where valid, should demand that their nation’s silhoute be REMOVED or represented in a manner on a UN logo that shows a state of non-participation.
We hit this apparent hot spot at it's prime Saturday Lunchtime. There were so many people you could barely move but the food didn't suffer and wasn't scarce despite the rush. We couldn't believe the selection Kumo had to offer. It reminded me of a Asian American/Canadian buffet I would eat at when visiting family in Toronto, Canada called Mandarin. Well honestly, I think as far as food, Kumo had more to offer and was much more relaxing. We thought we would come back for dinner and eat.
The very first supercontinent was called Vaalbara and it started forming more than 3.6 billion years ago.
The next time I make this, I think I'd change a few things - a) I'd use my mom's banana bread recipe, as it is still my favorite; b) I'd lighten the pastry cream with whipped cream, which might help it from oozing out the sides; c) I'd spread the ganache when it's warm and still slightly runny. But the cake still ended up tasting great, and I especially loved the flavor combination of all the components! Bananas, chocolate, and cream - YUM! Perfect for a blogiversary! :)
2. Expectations. As your body changes during the course of your life, you have to re-learn certain things. For example, when you start skating as a young child (I started when I was six years old) and then you go through puberty, you have to re-learn how to execute each element with your new weight distribution and center of gravity (both boys and girls are affected by growth spurts in height and girls are affected by growth spurts in other areas as well). Then, as you get older and your knees, feet, and back change because of the mileage on them, you have to learn how to push yourself without hurting yourself. Skating has helped me learn how to adjust to these changes without feeling discouraged. It has shown me that there’s always a new vein of potential within myself to pursue. These same lessons about one’s body can be applied to changes in one’s life. You can learn to roll with the punches and still come out on top if you can adapt your expectations of yourself and others as people and circumstances change.
Perform Boiler Island’s Heat & Mass Balance calculation to determine the steam / water condition and configuration to meet Customer requirement.
Last year, while camping in the Bear Wallow Wilderness in the Apache Sitgreaves National Forest, two careless campers caused the greatest forest fire in Arizona’s history by simply leaving an unattended campfire! The wind whipped fire burned more than 538,000 acres in eastern Arizona and parts of western New Mexico, destroying 32 homes, four commercial structures and 36 outbuildings. It cost more than $79 million to fight before firefighters and monsoon rains eventually put out the flames.
I found them sitting peacefully, on a bench by the river. They did not have any chocolate or marshmallows with them, nor any wrappers to suggest they'd already ingested them, which leads me to believe their claim that they'd left it all on the table when they went to sit and talk. This means, of course, that at that moment, a raccoon was probably scrambling through the underbrush with a bag of marshmallows tucked under one furry little arm. The question that I still have, though, is why two almost-adults, one of them an Eagle Scout, would leave all that food out at a campsite! (The next day, I answered MC's lamentations over lack of chocolate with stony silence, and a look that suggested she accept responsibility for its absence.)
Well, no one told me about her—though they all knew …
Unfortunately I have neither beautifully manicured lawns nor beautiful clothing. When my friends and I get together we are more apt to drink margaritas than eat salads, although the gossip is always there in full force. This weekend it was beautiful out. Sunny and warm, more of a summer day than even spring. We met with friends for lunch on Saturday, but lunching at McDonalds is decidedly un-"ladies who lunch."
Equinox had me rocking on my heels
I have decided that this blog will be more of an exploration of self. Those of you that follow me, I hope you will continue. If your interests are more along the lines of politics, news and social media, please feel free to check out bgmbandmom.blogspot.com.
I rewatched a couple episodes of my favorite Japanese drama (野ブタ。をプロデュース) with Korean subtitles recently. That was quite the experience. My brain felt like it was doing gymnastics at the Olympics. The awesome thing is that I understood maybe 85-90% of the Korean subtitles I read, while my ears also understood maybe 10-15% of the Japanese. My brain kept trying to connect the two, but the synapses just didn’t seem to be forming. Haha. Well, I’ll keep watching and see if it gets easier.
Slowly the Lord is reshaping my heart and the Holy Spirit is becoming more clear in Her gentle whispers. Yes love, what you want is nice, but I have a better way. I know that you want that, but what I have for you is better; it is worth it. I promise it is. The Lord isn’t interested in what I deserve. Because what I deserve is a complete separation from Him, and the death and ressurection of Jesus means I am now entitled to so much more than I deserve.
That's me done for now, and here comes Kristen with the recipe . . . . . . .
2. Secrets – One Republic
Down here
Hello and happy Tuesday morning stamping friends! Today I have a card to share with you all that I made using one of the newly released Our Daily Bred Designs stamp sets for May. This stamp set is called Fortress and has some pretty powerful scriptures and this awesome image of a tower/fortress. This set is great for masculine and feminine cards alike. Have a look at what I came up with
The 1996 Pacific Invincible Football Trading Cards are everything I hate about modern day cards. They are high gloss cards with an overly flashy design and they contain no stats on the back. In addition, the three cards in my pack are numbered differently (SM 31, SM110 and I-113). I looked for info on this set and found many parallel sets and enough misinformation that I gave up and decided to post what I had and end the farce.
In a medium-sized bowl, add the egg yolks reserving the whites in a separate bowl. Add the sugar to the yolks and mix until homogeneous. Add the room temperature butter and beat using a mixer until creamy (about 3 minutes). Add the lemon juice, zest and the vanilla extract and mix until just combined.
Fourth in the bag of miscellaneous doings... a logo for a picture framer. I was asked by Stephen Murphy if I could create a logo for his business that had the feel of a medieval craftsman, a little like the Bagpipe Society logo I created a while back. Here's the original drawing and the stages of it being logoified.
A couple of weeks ago, someone somewhere googled “I Wish I Didn’t Have Aspergers”. The phrase popped up in a blogging dashboard and struck the blogger as being particularly sad. She wished she could have answered.
Crust Layer:
Pull My Daisy
A response to the 9/11 attacks in the US, The Rising deals with grief and loss, but also with the resurrection of hope. Reportedly, Springsteen got the inspiration for the album a few days after the 9/11 attacks when a stranger in a car stopped next to him, wound down his window, and said – “We need you now.” The title track beseeches the audience to “come on up for the rising”, and was later used in several Democratic political campaigns. It was also the first song performed at Barack Obama’s Inaugural Celebration. Springsteen himself remarked on the distance the song had travelled – “If someone had told me in 2001 that ‘you’re going to sing the song at the inaugural concert for the first African-American president’, I’d have said, ‘Huh?’ But eight years go by, and that’s where you find yourself. You’re in there, you’re swimming in the current of history, and your music is doing the same thing.”
Increased Immunity
The visa application was an eye-opening experience, bringing home the idea that I'm traveling into a part of the world that, while ancient, is very new to me. The first requirement for completing the application involved procuring new passport pictures that covered my hair and neck - these pictures will be used for my visa. It was interesting to consider how much of my daily attire and adornment choices will be altered for the 2 weeks I'm in Iran. Another interesting point - a woman cannot apply for a visa sans attachment to a man. Because I'm not married, I had to 'connect' myself to my dad on the visa application. Hmmmm.
Shared Care
The blank look that Brulee gave her was facinating to say the least.
Nice to have a league win again! Goals from Delap, Whelan and Crouch sealed the three points against a Blackburn team who seem destined to struggle unless Mr Kean goes (he thought Blackburn could have had two or three goals!). Palacios didn’t make the team as he had tonsillitis.
“Right here”, the audience showed me. And “here” and “here” and “here”.
But I wore it on the day of my interview for the prison job and see it as my lucky scarf now.
Think: What else do April showers bring? April showers bring May fever. April showers bring May pollen. April showers bring May trips to the garden center for ________________, _______________, and _______________. What other thoughts come to mind about May?
Life is full of trials and tribulations
The final design is by none other than Tyler Stout! The film opens tomorrow and it is AMAZING. We got a chance to check it out early and can’t recommend it enough. Thanks a ton to Marvel for making this series happen!
To remind me of sunnier times I did a quick layout of the boys at Birubi Beach up at Port Stephens. Now that's what I call a beach! As someone who grew up in the UK, where the definition of a beach is a piece of sand the size of a postage stamp (and normally covered in stones), I'm still impressed by the beauty of the Aussie coast!
I hope everyone is enjoying their springtime weather! It hasn’t becoming unbearably hot in New Orleans yet, but I’m sure that’s coming any minute now. When ever Spring comes along I like to take my dietary cues from France. Those french guys sure do Spring justice.
Well I can't believe I actually managed to get this one finished and just in the knick of time, nothing like leaving it to the very last minute to finish a monthly challenge and upload it.
This was cool. All you needed to do was add 4oz of water and shake it for 60 seconds. This was really, really good! It’s a bit more lumpy than your typical Swiss Miss or Jell-O pudding, but still tastes good. However, it has a whopping 47 grams of sugar. My blood glucose did not like me after this and boy did they let me know it. I feel like shit after eating it. Lol. IDK if that’s the typical gastrointestinal distress that soldiers often complain about or if it was just me.
The end result: I never take the time to properly put myself together. I wear the same clothes I slept in more often than the average bear.
and the whole lot is placed on a burger bun, as shown at the top of this post. If you are so inclined, you can decorate the plate with dill pickles, but I also skipped this.
5. Consider offering certain parameters. If you’re wanting to study simple machines as a part of this project (which I did), require the students to incorporate them. They’ll do this anyway, because Rube Goldbergs are all about simple machines! But by requiring certain machines, it helps students identify the components they’re using and think about them scientifically. Parameters also help get the kids started. The only machine I required for the kids was a pulley. I also required that the final machine be comprised of at least five components. But the rest was up to them.
Thank you for what is, by far, the most entertainingly written feedback I have ever received. Your recount of events that occurred on the evening of 13 April 2012 was at once concerning and humorous.
4. Do you exercise? Where? When? How long?
One week later, I’m two-thirds done and I have learned SO much, but more importantly, I’m stuck on “Someone gets it!!! Finally!”
as the wheels went around
For example, one particular country comes to mind.
To chew, just tear up the leaves and stick them in your cheek, where they will stay for the next several hours.
More posts to come! I have more catching up to do on blogging so stay tuned! I am on a roll baby! Haha!
Wow, this is a much longer post than normal. So, to wrap up the rambling, enjoy a few little nuggets that I discovered on our hard drive taken from Eric's phone. Oh, and just to keep you on pins and needles for our next post, we finally got to visit Tanganika Wildlife Park on Memorial Day and have some great pictures and videos from that trip we plan to post soon.
The first thing I did once I decided to try to learn to write dialogue was to listen. I keyed in to the dialogue between strangers in elevators, lovers in restaurants and parents chastising their children. I eavesdropped shamelessly and still do, and as a result, I’ve learned that nine-year old boys do not speak the same way as women in their fifties, people from small towns don’t speak the same way as people from cities and even in a group of several people of roughly the same age, class and creed, every person has his or her own distinct way of speaking. So listening to the people around me was a good place to start.
one beer
And speaking of Chicago (where the show takes place), I am the keynote speaker for the International Antiques Show on Friday, April 27th at 10:00 am at the Merchandise Mart. The lecture is sponsored by Traditional Home and I will be speaking on my book Designs on Film. For more information, see the show's website.
Do you know what analytics are? I didn’t, until I started making the bloggings. Now I know how each and every person got here–there’s a list of the exact search term. Let’s see a few, shall we? (The search terms are in bold, obviously. I have not altered them except when I did to make them funnier.)
Still they were happy to be on the move.
So the task of punishing me for my views seems to have been taken on by right wing storm troopers. The Bajrang Dal and the RSS have openly announced that they are going to “fix” me with all the means at their disposal including filing cases against me all over the country. The whole country has seen what they are capable of doing, the extent to which they are capable of going. So, while the Government is showing a degree of maturity, are sections of the media and the infrastructure of democracy being rented out to those who believe in mob justice? I can understand that the BJP’s Mahila Morcha is using me to distract attention from the senior RSS activist Indresh Kumar who has recently been named in the CBI charge-sheet for the bomb blast in Ajmer Sharif in which several people were killed and many injured. But why are sections of the mainstream media doing the same? Is a writer with unpopular views more dangerous than a suspect in a bomb blast? Or is it a question of ideological alignment?
During the General Election last year, Major General Chan Chun Sing and Brigadier General Tan Chuan Jin also tendered their resignation from SAF for ‘personal reasons’ before being fielded as PAP candidates in the election.
I wasn't going to comment on this article since we've seen it before over Iraq. Even when our surge was winning on the ground, pessimism was in the air. The press eagerly served up any American officer to say we can't beat the enemy. Then we went and beat the enemy. Despite the fact that many Iraqi security forces shirked their duty and despite the fact that American troops despaired of Iraqis ever being good soldiers.
Penguin Books utilized AutoTrader.com’s Private Seller options to the max to showcase the vehicle. At www.autotrader.com/penguinmini, interested buyers will find multiple photos of the car’s interior and exterior and a description that highlights the car’s features. The vehicle comes with AM/FM/CD, MP3 player jack, air conditioning, automatic transmission, black cloth seats, orange and black exterior paint (freshly painted) and, of course, those 18 autographs in silver pen along the dashboard, doors and steering wheel. The car has about 15,750 miles on it and is currently located in New York City.
Here is a brief description of the book at amazon.ca:
Aboudy Y, Fogel A, Barnea B, Mendelson E, Yosef L, Frank T, et al. Subclinical rubella reinfection during pregnancy followed by transmission of virus to the fetus. J Infect 1997; 34: 273-276.
I am still trying to figure out what all is going on and if I like it or if I love it. With the 7.8% ABV, and after a 22 oz bomber, you'll know you've had something quite unique.
I texted my husband “Pecan Pie or Pumpkin Cheesecake” and got the reply text “Pecan!” So I searched the Internet for a pecan pie recipe and found this one, which I modified a bit. Most of the recipes I found called for Karo corn syrup, but this one uses brown and white sugar instead. It turned out great! It had all the wonderful pecan flavor without that sticky too-sweet quality that a lot of pecan pies have. Since I truly love pecans, I increased the amount of pecans in the recipe, and to make it a bit decorative added the pecan halves to the top. Also, since I usually have dark brown sugar in the cupboard I used that instead of the light brown sugar the original recipe called for.
But I can never quite convert to the curious creed known as primitivism. Every time I'm about to smash up my creaking laptop and take to the backyard with a trowel and potato seeds in an attempt to escape modernity I discover, more or less by chance, some strange and wonderful corner of the internet. Today, for instance, I somehow found my way to the doorstep of the online archive of the BBC's Desert Island Discs programme.
It's the first time we've jumped since he injured his knee. He seemed very sound to me. He'll have tomorrow off for sure, then I'll go out on Tues. or Wed. to see how he's doing.
The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him.
“I feel sad that he left because of differences over Bersih,” he said. “After all Tunku joined DAP because we offered a platform to promote integrity and fight corruption.”
