1 yellow crooked neck squash
The Pods from Space rule everything. You dance their jig, or you don’t dance at all. Blogs such as GoV and the writers who write for such blogs, and their readership, have lifted a small corner of the global blanket to reveal a slice of Reality. That makes them into the Winston Smiths of Prokopia, the land of Beautiful Progress, where any negative truth spoken about a non-Christian religion, a non-white race, a non-Western nationality, a non-taqiyyah version of Islam, a non-male gender, a non-heterosexual orientation, a non-deconstructionist Whitey Bad version of world history, a non-AGW theory of Climate Change, is assiduously logged, and its origins pursued and smothered.
K.W. was sick all of last week and surprisingly, I think the girls and I have dodged that bullet. However, Campbell just looks run down today and Henley threw up ALL over me this morning so I think they are just not on their "A" game today.
As the things that, actually, make me happy
The approved motion represents Scenario #5, as amended.
The technology is taking hold especially in countries where established transfer services charge high fees. Kenya’s Safaricom and the UK telecommunications firm Vodafone blazed the trail in 2007 when they launched M-Pesa (M for “mobile” and pesa meaning “money” in KiSwahili). It has since expanded into an international transfer service for migrants in the UK sending money home to Kenya. By the end of 2010, four mobile phone operators had signed up more than 15.4 million subscribers — more than half of Kenya’s adult population — to their mobile money transfer services.
Hubs is upstairs getting ready for the day,
Now, you see the big grey horse in my previous post. He is not my eventer. No, no. He is my hunter and I keep him with my hunter trainer whom I love dearly. I am eventing Romeo, my 14'3 Blue Roan QH that is probably somewhere around 18 years old. And all I can think of is the fact that the first jump is going to look as big as my pony.
i really do not have much more to say today. the rain has kept us inside too and icicles hanging from cars in the parking deck were a bit worrisome but i got home safe and sound. home to a good beef stew and heat.
Those who supported Mr Obama in his campaign for the White House a few years ago were using the power of the internet for progressive politics!
It was like drinking blackberries, chocolate and licorice all cooked up and melted down; topped with a sweet garnish of strawberries and sultanas it became the perfect cure for the cold waiting for us on the outside, a cup of cheer after my loss and the pre-cursor for some honest conversation with my old pal from behind the stick…
This quiet love tastes salty tears
My daughter and I love looking at and trying on running clothes so this trip was not a short one…We were in and out of those dressing rooms multiple times. Unfortunately, not having won a lottery or some cool running shopping spree…I had to pick just a couple items. Daughter couldn’t choose and chose to defer until later notice. I walked out with these:
So it is absolutely no surprise that a thoroughgoing anti-democrat should spend most of his life slandering anyone who dare contradict any of his world views. His Stalinist instincts are showing themselves even without him having any real or direct state power. Imagine what this man, and his Communist friends, would do if they had concrete state power. Just imagine it for one moment.
he is above
Cream the butter and sugar in a large bowl or mixer, add in the egg and mix to combine, add in the vanilla extract and combine.
A long-time friend of my husband lost his dad last week. The family knew it was coming, but, of course, it's always a difficult time, and so sad that it came just before Father's Day.
You may trod me in the very dirt
Newborn babies that are breast feeding tend to have frequent poops that are yellow and slick in color because their bowel system is so fast and the content of their meal so fatty. Poop of this color and nature in adults can mean a few things. Assuming you haven’t consumed a whole lot of beta carotene rich foods or candy dyed with artificial yellow coloring, it could mean fat is not being properly absorbed and therefore, is getting excreted through the bowel. The poop will also stink to high heaven and float on the water’s surface like an oil slick. If you have recently traveled to a developing area of the world, it can also signify an infection known as Giardiasis, caused by a parasite that gives you yellow diarrhea. Another condition that causes poop to come out yellow is Gilbert’s Syndrome which is an excess of bilirubin, also making the person look jaundiced.
1. Gintama’s anime is ending at episode 252 (next episode on monday).
The death of the high street and the decline of the town centre have been widely debated, with the finger of blame being pointed to decentralisation of economic activities and changing consumer behaviours. This polarisation between traditional town centres and off-centre or out-of-town modern retail development is misleading however, as much retail activity still takes place in local centres, local high streets and parades and often overlooked locations. The focus on town centres and modern decentralised spaces has produced a lack of knowledge about contemporary retail change in these ‘other’ places of retail.
unfathomable
I realise now that when I was growing up I took Cornwall completely for granted. Now, having waited a year to find suitable employment before relocating, I know how lucky I am to be able to say once more, “I’m back home – in Cornwall.”
It's worth watching for the en pointe Moon-Walk alone. :)
faith, love and trust tend to the gaps
Not too shabby. Some things I need to get onto right away! Some stuff I could care less about. ;)
Would you sew it again? Would you recommend it to others?
God created the world, the heavens (we call them “space”) and every living thing (Genesis 1:1.) They were “good” and lived together in the perfect Garden of Eden in perfect harmony.
Buffy commences.
In a dystopian future, the totalitarian nation of Panem is divided between 12 districts and the Capitol. Each year two young representatives from each district are selected by lottery to participate in The Hunger Games. Part entertainment, part brutal retribution for a past rebellion, the televised games are broadcast throughout Panem. The 24 participants are forced to eliminate their competitors while the citizens of Panem are required to watch. When 16-year-old Katniss’s young sister, Prim, is selected as District 12′s female representative, Katniss volunteers to take her place. She and her male counterpart Peeta, are pitted against bigger, stronger representatives who have trained for this their whole lives.
I feel like I am straddling two worlds right now, that I've split into two selves again. (note: not in a literal sense, no worries that I'm becoming Sybill).
When we are done with our stint standing & pointing at empty spaces where cathedrals used to be, we up the tempo. We take the holiday to another level. We all pile into a camper van with all the speed and mobility of a fridge tethered to a lame hamster, and spend the next 2 and a half weeks driving three thousand kilometers through drunken rugby fan, sheep, and fault lines all the way back to where we started. With a toddler.
But they are little more than cardboard cut outs: they pose constantly but only show one side of themselves and this pretence is kept up by the media. The pose as rebels but live in fabulous mansions, have gardeners, butlers, nannies and send their children to the best schools.
The whole thing is too polished. The main character seems not to be very affected by what happens to her.Or perhaps it’s only me not getting it.
Somebody told me I don’t always have to be right
Tan manye ‘dhītam uttamam: one who is engaged in the matter of hearing about Viṣṇu, śravaṇaṁ kīrtanam viṣṇoḥ. We are engaged in hearing and talking and chanting about so many things non-Viṣṇu. Just like you’ll find thousands of, millions of different types of magazines sold in your country, in all countries. Some of the magazines are sex literature, some cinema literature, some this literature, that… So many different types. There is one paper I have seen, “Diabetes Literature.” There are many patients of diabetes, so they have formed a society, “Diabetic Society.” I have seen it. (laughter) And there are many diabetic patients, they are being hoaxed, that “You pay two dollars per year, and you get all information how to protect yourself from diabetes disease.” So in America two dollars is nothing, but it is collecting millions and millions of dollars, Diabetic Society. Diabetic magazine. So that sort of hearing and chanting is not needed. We are not interested in all these magazines, because we are followers of Prahlāda Mahārāja. He’s our ācārya. He’s guru. Prahlāda Mahārāja’s guru is Nārada, and Nārada is also our guru. Nārada is guru of Vyāsadeva. So we are a branch, but the original guru is Nārada, Brahma-sampradāya. So Prahlāda Mahārāja is also a disciple of Nārada Muni.
: : a few vintage store finds, these sweet strawberries and three new (old) books i forgot to photo.
I went with Abbas who is in this class also and the weather was rainy so we were not able to work in the garden since it is not good for the soil. We spent a couple of hours discussing food security or rather insecurity. It is rare especially for college students to have a week supply of food in their homes and also how we are vulnerable to food insecurity and too dependent on external sources for our sustenance. Also, we discussed methods of making people aware of their lack of food security that have been implemented here and in other countries. We also talked about the fact that people in the US chose cheaper vegetables over good ones and also corporations who look for the cheapest possible. It is ironic that the apples that we get from the supermarket are from somewhere outside the US while one of the best apple farms in Washington state are struggling to fund their business. Pam who works at the garden told us that they only started planting these vegetables in April and now they have produced more than a thousand pounds and they have a beautiful garden with chicken and various plants. In 2010, “the garden supplied 8059 pounds of organically grown produce to agencies all over corvallis” (Corvallis Environmental)
Our Design team has been busy designing projects using the new release - Today you will want to check out Sharon Johnson's Thrifty tags today using the new Just A Note Stamps by clicking here.
(“我参与预算案辩论时用的语气，嘲讽意味太重了。这使我被误会，效果不好。要是可以重来，我会直截了当得多。”)
our very best friend.
Jarrett
With Kylie throwing her back out to start the night, that stopped us from working out. We decided to just make dinner, or should I say, me making dinner and Kylie telling me what to do.
After catching Luce and Cam kiss, Daniel finally finds the courage to explain his strange behavior to Luce. He is immortal, destined to meet and fall in love with Luce every seventeen years and must endure her death each time. After finding the missing book who could uncover Daniel’s past, with the help of the librarian, Luce pieces together that Daniel is an angel, though she soon finds out he is not the only one who attends Sword & Cross.
Rachel lives in a great Spanish/Mediterranean style house in Oakland near the Berkeley border. She had painted some terrific colors on the walls, but as a busy mom running after a two year old, she was struggling to find the time and energy to create more cohesively designed spaces. Knowing that her wall colors could be an amazing addition to her architectural color portfolio, she asked me if I could help her whip the place into a more photo-worthy condition. I happily agreed to help.
This has been the most random camera dumping post. As I get back into the swing, I swear I’ll be more interesting.
Like a patient etherized upon a table;
Its very easy to say I didn’t do anything- well I have news that is still making a choice- the choice to do nothing, the choice to ignore the problem. If you see a man being beaten up by a gang, some people may walk away pretending they haven’t seen anything because they fear the gang, they fear for their lives. I completely understand this feeling- the feeling of fear, but it is at the end of the day still a choice someone makes- the choice to walk away. Some may say ‘Well what can you do?’ How can you speak like that unless you were in the situation?’ Well truth be told, I have been in that situation. Except I wasn’t the one walking away ignoring the problem- I was the victim. (Not in a gang fight let’s not be dramatic now!) But I was pestered by some youths on the train. People are too scared to shout at youths nowadays because they’re afraid of the law and they’re afraid of the consequences. On this busy train, people simply looked away uncomfortable not sure how to react, but you could tell most of them were apathetic. I looked to people for help- anyone-but no one wanted to help. I kept wondering why won’t people help? Like I said it’s very easy to look away and not take any notice. But sometimes people need help, they need someone to pull them out from a hole. It is not ok to stand around and watch others suffer. Not everyone is like this, there are few who help, but the majority stand around waiting for others. Stop waiting and start acting. Who are you waiting for? God? For the person to beg? For someone to tell you to do something?
The thing is, you city folks recognize how blonde, adorable, and perfectly apartment-sized I am. But deep down, I'm a hound dog, y'all. Mama rescued me back in the day from a farm off a country road in North Carolina. Don't get me wrong, the farm was dope. But you can only handle ticks in your ears (and sleeping outside) for so long.
Lorie and I have been in and out of various
There's nothing left
Having Been A Soldier
After speaking with a friend, I realized there are 3 parts to a relationship; the physical, emotional, and financial. I am pretty sure you are thinking there are many more parts of a relationship, but many of those parts fall under each one of the categories mentioned above. For this reason I will break each category down so you can get a better understanding for each part.
Then, the internet dies again and the stupid FAST3304-V2 page that I hoped never to see again returns to haunt us.
“So you wrote that?”
Wefaq-Media-Democracy
- In Ohio, it is against state law to get a fish drunk.
II. HIS GREATNESS IN CREATION
Billy Bogus & Sal - Terror Island (Enzo Ponzio Mix)
My parents have had all white walls for nearly forty five years!
father. If I was truly saving her- great. If I was taking her away from her culture-from her country- not so great and no matter how many Chinese language lessons and dance lessons and Moon festivals and spending New Years in Chinatown with our adoption group- other parents who also took their children away from their culture- it wouldn't really change things very much.
Pipes water green until green waters waver
So what is Rand Paul -- an ordinary white racist? Or a more sinister sort of closet racist?
Actually, the story was created from two separate incidents. The first involved Brautigan, his best friend Pete Webster, and Pete's brother, Danny. The three were duck hunting in the Fern Ridge wetlands, near Eugene, Oregon. Brautigan was separated from the other two. Brautigan fired at a duck and a pellet from his shot struck Danny in the ear, injuring him only slightly. About the same time, Donald Husband, 14-year-old son of a prominent Eugene attorney, was shot and killed in a hunting accident off Bailey Hill Road. Brautigan's incident and that involving Husband became one in this novel (Bob Keefer and Quail Dawning 2H).[3]
I have a dentist appointment tomorrow and I am dreading it. I haven’t been to the dentist in a few years and I already know there is much going on with my teeth, it has been for years and years. I have always had issues from when I was a child, it got worse after having my dear son and I’ve never been able to get it all taken care of.
So as the morning progressed I started to think how cute Zane is and how he loves to take care of his Tigger, making sure he had a nice soft bed. But, wait!, Zane never goes anywhere without Tigger. So I headed to the bedroom to put his blanket mound back on Zane's bed. That is when I seen it...
* Specifically in the Whoniverse, this doesn’t hold true for Back to the Future, Quantum Leap, the Terminator milieu or JCVD action classic ‘Time Cop’.
04. I Saw It Cummin' (Underground Funk Mix)
Next text "I'm at the bank. i need your account number" I ignored it. (again...my bosses are here!)
For reasons I can't blog about that would have never happened.
But once I tasted them, I didn't care. The texture of the macarons blew me away! They had a lightly delicate crisp shell, yet they were super tender and soft on the inside. My husband pointed out that they were like biting into a toasted marshmallow, similar in that there was a thinly crispy exterior, with a soft and airy interior.
11. Pugwash-The Olympus Sound (EMI)
Naked Cousin
Life need not be so black and white, right and wrong. Kids are people, real humans with real thoughts and real ideas and here's a news flash... sometimes they just know better than us parents about what's good and right for themselves, even if they make choices that we don't like! You really can be okay with it, really!
I stopped writing, because Daniel and I decided we needed to move for school.
It's not an illegitimate criticism; it depends whether you believe such an event should encompass all who come--as did the debut event in 2006--or some of the most prominent. (Next year, I'm sure I'll sit it out.)
always good
The Office has surveyed, across all technologies, 3,084 small entity applications and 9,469 non-small entity applications, covering a six-week period of allowed applications to determine the appropriate threshold number of cited information.
Love ya Emily, and if you don't get your arse out to Scottsdale for your next book tour, we are THAH-ROOOO! xo
Mr Griffin, elected as a North West MEP in June, has a criminal conviction for distributing material likely to incite racial hatred.
And then there is the music.
As I mentioned in a previous post, a huge component of my internship is effectively stalking people. Yes, you read that correctly. I’ll often get an email from my supervisor saying “I need an editorial contact for __________.” And I find it. Most of the time.
For Example: A female coworker was worried about her son, and his girlfriend because she was urinating blood, and it was burning when they voided. So I gave her quick lesson about what a Urinary Tract Infection was, and to her amazment she couldn’t believe that I would be knowledgable on the subject.
Although the album hops from genre to genre, with varying degrees of success, many elements leap out of the headphones; the solo and drum fills at the end of ‘Fever’, the short sweet hooks of ‘Vampires’ or the expansive tropical synths of ‘Silver Self’ are personal highlights, but no doubt you could find many more. By layering lots and lots of tracks on every song, the band creates an enveloping sound – best appreciated through headphones. These complex loops make for a synthetic sound, which at points only narrowly avoid sounding too clinical, but for the most part offer a rich tapestry style of song writing.
Brewed: 01-27-2008
Coriander powder - 1 tablespoon
Today I present the score to Lucio Fulci's SETTE NOTE IN NERO (1977). This one is known under a variety of other titles including: Murder To The Tune Of Seven Black Notes (my personal favorite), Seven Notes In Black (I believe the literal English translation) and The Psychic (the title used for the original US release). The score is by Bixio-Frizzi-Tempera (three musicians who often worked together and yes the Frizzi in there is Fabio Frizzi). The CD was released by Digitmovies (Catalog Code: CDDM062) in 2006.
Low fat victoria sponge (recipe to follow on another blog!)
To celebrate this awesome day, the CropStop Creative Team challenges you to scraplift one of their posted projects below. Choose your project, create your own version of it, and link it to the CropStop Challenge Blog National Scrapbook Day Challenge post.
Nilgiri is mainly a rest house. It has a clean and healthy restaurant. So don’t worry about stomach! Rice, beef, mutton are prepared in bamboo without water is really mouth-watering. Every meal cost is about 200-500 BDT. They can provide various types of taste food.
This is a heartwarming children's book that delivers a message that any age-group can relate to. It moved me in the same manner it would a child. Its message is one of love, care, devotion, respect, sacrifice, and overcoming the pain of being far from a loved one.
Rating: TBD
On Wednesday, I darted around in my car late night with Tanya and Amy. Suddenly I had to break, which I did, and a ghetto angry chick pulled beside me, “Stoopid ass bitch!” We laughed together as she cursed me out for the entire red light, and I gave her a purposefully infuriating peace sign the whole time.
Oh my! that meens kaos out there. I for sure wouldnt wanna get out there, driving in that weather.
If the licensee cannot obtain a warranty of substance in the agreement, it should insist that the warranty section be used to confirm that the licensor:
So why a pantry makeover you ask? Well, for a couple of reasons. As in any organization project, it's so important to do things that make your space work better for you, and your daily life. And although my previous pantry was so super organized, my kitchen was not functioning to what I thought it's full potential was.
“There’s some kind of ruckus going on down the corridor. Let’s hurry this up. We don’t want any mistakes,” said Johan coolly.
There is not much fun finding a planet or constellation and then have the view ruined by shaking hands.
I am really proud of her and she is thrilled to have received it. But I've never seen the dance (she says she can't do it without her group) and there's no show for us to see. This is something I'd love to have seen and been able to celebrate with her.
1/4 pound feta cheese, crumbled
But my father unbreakable.
To my surprise there was an incredible peak of 18 hours. My statistics range from 0 to 30 visits, with a daily average of 150 visits. The peak in question was of 418 visits! day for a total of nearly 1000. I started researching where he had left so much traffic. Surely there is an easier way than that applied, but it was almost all my deductions. First of all, appeared a page you had never come to me exitoína . Once inside, I saw it was an entertainment page. My first reaction was that they had raised a note of some of the places I went, being fashionable or something, but everything I thought I was looking for zero response. I went back to the statistics, this time to see the traffic generated by twitter was not normal: about 400 people had arrived there. I went back to these two things together, and gave me that exitoína has the twitter of the famous minute. I went to that conversation, and well below found that a famous question : Anyone know where to get chicago style pizza baires? here is a recipe: my link . That is, because Fierito tweetie my recipe, I had about a thousand visitors for two days! In the end, I have to pay more attention to the blog of Gera, I think that maybe learn something! after 3 years, it was time!
Sun - off. Lots of hot springs soaking in the geothermal area surrounding Rotorua.
It’s about the left.
But then I’m struck by a thought.
So I got off the plane and waited for my suitcase. And I waited. And waited. And guess what! THEY LOST IT! I KNEW THE COCKTAIL NAPKIN WOULDN’T WORK!!! After talking to some United reps and filling out some forms, they informed me that they hadn’t technically “lost” my luggage as they knew where it was – San Francisco.
Twas the week before Christmas
The brewdog schlooners are nicely designed and to be honest then my husband came back with one for me I did think for a moment he was handing me a pint until I realised the glass was thinner.
Wed, 03 Feb 2010 10:51:00 -0600
The following are 24 facts that prove that America is a nation of slobs….
Hello there my dearest love
Happy Valentine’s Day! If you are in a relationship, celebrate your love for each other. If you are waiting on someone, be bold and make a move. If you are single and waiting on God; don’t fret He sees you. He has mad love for you. And He has that person in mind. Be patient.
For seventy years in Europe mere words could destroy a man's life, he and all around him could be purged, banished, imprisoned, or worse, for the thoughts within his head. Then a wall came down and they told us we were free. But what has really changed?
Die Cuts: Spellbinders Classic Oval
“What happened,” Mr. Camping, is that your “Lord” was originally a Late Bronze Age nature god created by superstitious desert-dwellers on a speck of rock that’s been fought over for the past 2000 years. “What happened” is that you placed your belief in a book that has lied to you. “What happened” is that maybe this was the time for you to realize that 2000 years is too long for a prophecy to be considered “true” anymore. “What happened” is that you’ve been wrong about the apocalypse twice and you’re going to be wrong again on October 21, 2011. What will you say then is anybody’s guess. Maybe Hawking has a point about science as generrally being more reliable.
2.) Mysteries (You Can Find Out) (Jeff Cannata) - 3:50
7. Are you published?
* Click on the "Jimmy Kimmel Live" logo
I loved that this paper collection called 'Splendid' fit with
1 ½ lbs ground beef
In an example of the effects of junk science coming out of the Golden State, Pepsi and Coke are changing the ingredient for the caramel color in their products as a result of one study that found the ingredient might cause cancer in lab rats - at a dosage equivalent of a person drinking more than 1000 cans of Coke or Pepsi per day.
We and tens of thousands will be in the streets that day for a family friendly rally and march, with cries so loud they will be heard in Camp David and across the globe. We will be in the streets that day to fight for our future, and speak out against the wars and their cutbacks are designed to benefit the 1% at the expense of the 99% of the world.
Publisher: DC Comics
AF is due tomorrow. I took 3 pregnancy tests today and all have showed very faint lines. I will test again tomorrow morning.
Of course, that is a very serious issue if that were to arise. We as a Government want the highest standards of probity to be in place in everything that is done by Cabinet members.Message received. Then later Clegg says:
Taxes will be going up next year for all Manheim Township School District property owners, but those whose children participate in sports and other extracurricular activities will face an additional tax burden.
1. What is your guilty pleasure tv show?
Redwall et al. – Jacques
The only character and performance I could really get into with this flick was actually Benicio Del Toro as Javier Rodriguez Rodriguez. Del Toro is a guy I see from time-to-time and even though I can never really get into the performances that he gives, I still know that there is something special about him and this is the flick that shows me why. Del Toro is the real moral center of this flick and shows a true, real, and compassionate character that seems so trapped, so screwed over, and so messed-up without ever taking drugs, that you can’t help but cheer his ass on. Del Toro has many moments where he just lets loose of the emotions he has wrapped inside and the way he shows it through Javier is what definitely makes this an Oscar-worthy performance even though I’m sure I need to see the other ones from the year 2000 as well.
The conifers rattled beneath the flashes of fatal thunder, the hummocks shuddered ;
Papers: Core'dinations (both purples); Stampin 'Up Whisper White and More Mustard
posted by dude at
Until then, I’ll continue trying to pass on my love for all things Google Apps….
Raising tensions still further, Germany warned Greek voters that the wrong result in next month’s election will force their country out of the single currency.
Harsh impact, and we all went under,
Double Exposure US tour dates:
12. Vermillion
For someone like me, who thinks shape wear is a gift from the heavens lol, I am always interested in trying new products in that department. The ShaToBu Get Fit High Waist Shaping Tight was a really nice product.
You fill up my senses
I am opposed to SB878 which had a hearing this morning before the House Criminal Jurisprudence Committee.
Don’t you just love it when you get the chance to feel both capable and superior? This must be how Joanna Lumley feels all the time.
Friday, 18 March 2011
Lighter and darker areas, scars underneath, I’m sure that will echo for most of you…
Apparently it’s going to snow this weekend.
6. We moved a lot by tricycle.
It would appear that her real name (or at least her original alias) was Emily Howard, which later changed to Kate Howard – Lydia Lloyd being an alias she took on when she moved to Oxford after she had already been offending for ten to fifteen years. She was drunk, disorderly, light fingered, living a life of ‘no fixed’ address, and prostituting herself – from at least the age of seventeen. During this period her offences escalated from a few days remand for using obscene language in the street, to ten years in prison for burglary as a known offender.
Cool Whip, optional
Its luxurious villas combine the highest quality materials and facilities with contemporary Balinese architecture and exquisite garden design, against a backdrop of panoramic ocean views.
I've had two oopses.
Why must productivity be linear? Why do we think we’re wasting time if we can’t see immediate results from our thinking?
Flower Garden Gate - Alora Version (Bo Bunny Alora)
We know there are many people who have struggled and endured perhaps even more than we have, but we thank you for letting us share our story of love and triumph, and we hope that you will be able to feel uplifted as you share the joy we feel to be at this point in our lives together.
Hat: Nordstrom Rack
Sate Blora
Beyond that, both writer and reader know that FB is, like all social interaction, a game with a serious side which has just as much potential as a corresponding friendship or a small party to generate real friendship. FB friends can become actual friends and in fact have done in some cases.
Notes: Feel free to use chicken breasts instead of thighs. I find breasts absolutely tasteless- contextually speaking of course ;)- so never bother using it in any cooking.
BEST JUVENILE
Anton – yeah, you can enter yourself twice in the tipping comp but I’ll still whoop ya.
Oh he’s just so gorgeous. Thank you, little boy, for choosing me to be your mumma. I love you.
“That better?” He heard the voice and noticed a man sitting next to Emma, seemingly made of muscles, a green mohawk, and a grimace. He nonchalantly pulled out a grenade, yanked the pin, and tossed it down to the bunnies. “Try hiding that egg,” he catch- phrased as the thunder of the grenade explosion rumbled below them.
I hope you are here when I get back.
Jellyfish Lake is connected to the ocean through fissures and tunnels in the limestone of ancient Miocene reef. However the lake is sufficiently isolated and the conditions are different enough that the diversity of species in the lake is greatly reduced from the nearby lagoon. The golden jellyfish, Mastigias cf. papua etpisoni, and possibly other species in the lake have evolved to be substantially different from their close relatives living in the nearby lagoons.
I'm in a jam right now. That creates pressure.
No one tackled this! Skemp describes that mathematics itself is a faux amis, with two entirely different kinds of mathematics being taught: instrumental mathematics and relational mathematics. Instrumental math is a collection of procedures, where the goal is to recognize the correct procedure and apply it efficiently. Relational math is knowing what to do, why to do it, and why it works.
- Ozu Japanese Restaurant ( 78 Clark Street): C, 44 violation points
While the ensemble continued making albums for three decades, Mr. Bergman also wrote and produced several one-man shows, including “Help Me Out of This Head,” a 1986 monologue-memoir that drew on his childhood in Cleveland. He also wrote interactive games, including a CD-ROM parody of the popular adventure video game Myst.
Like my picks? Just simply log onto Pintrest (Oh, don’t t have an account? Now worries! FB friend me and I’ll send you a request! -http://www.facebook.com/ad.duling) and type in these three searches: gifts for mom, Mother’s Day, And gifts for Mother’s Day. From there happy pinning! Wanna get the recipie, instructions or purchase the pretty you find? Click on the pic and at the top right corner above the pic you will see the blog where the pin came from. Click it and there you go!
1/2 teaspoon of garlic powder
the copier and use music paper to print it on.
Author: Peter Leithart
In order to have such a “time delay,” he would therefore be located somewhere off this planet. He also used certain code phrases, and I guess I will have to listen to portions of what he said again because I couldn’t understand some of what he said as I was listening from the kitchen while making breakfast as I usually do with a lot of Kerry’s stuff as usually it is not important to hear every word clearly, but I think some of this is very important.
Finally, if every step has been carefully followed, I will have what is known as an FO, or Finished Object. We've come to the last meaning of WIP, the one that I fervently wish for all of your FOs.
* an HA Mack olivewood mixing spoon
As much as I love Bay and Emmett together, I have no idea if they could ever come back from this! Do we even want them to? So many questions, thoughts, and screams running through my head! I was truly at a loss for words over this turn of events. Did you feel this was out of character for Emmett, or do you buy into his lack of impulse control? Did this make the show move into a more soapy genre or is it still the show you love? I must have your feedback!
6) The Torah and Making Sacred Spaces Confronted repeatedly by frailty, isolation, mortality, and error, we find strength and solace in community and the achievement that community makes possible.
All in all, Erin’s story was well-written and very interesting. I definitely have a new appreciation for oyster farmers! This book would definitely be a great vacation read – just make sure you know where the nearest oyster bar is. You’ll want to indulge in a few of these briny treats when you are finished.
I, have been noticing some strange and disturbing things lately. I just read that amid all the poverty in today’s world that a painting called, “The Scream” by Edvard Munch just sold for almost one-hundred and twenty million dollars. And the picture looks exactly like something my son drew, and hung on the refrigerator when he was in kindergarten!
Outdoor Family Portraits
Exposure : 0
The leftists want us to forget about Japan’s atrocities to the Chinese, Koreans, Filipinos, and Americans.
The forehead and the nose intercept most of the light. These parts of the face carry relatively little expression. The mouth and eyes, the chief agents of sympathy, are lost in shadow.
Ah, but time doesn't stand still. Dreamfarm Girl, bless her, made me rethink Elizabeth Edwards. It turns out she had piqued my interest. Before I tell you how, let me mention some things that may have fogged my memory.
These are some of my favorite picks for online mags; some old, some new, all wonderful!
It's hard to believe almost another month has gone by between posts! I kinda have an excuse though. On top of fighting sickness over the holidays that just turned into the worst case of pinkeye anyone has ever seen, Santa brought me a new computer (A MacBook Pro!!!!) for Christmas, and I haven't figured out how to manage my pictures yet. Once I get that figured out, I have some fun projects to show you.
Last year 130,981 people attended this event without paying a dime and received unbelievable information. And this year there has already been over 200,000 new people register for the event which starts on February 21st.
We painted and painted and painted the paneling. Cannot wait to see it all finished.
I-1163 - This one is a good idea in a bad year. Let's have training for the care workers for the elderly and disabled. When they are not talking about how the school board has screwed up, the Times also carries a lot of stories on badly trained or criminal caregivers. Then of course, they DON'T support this initiative, because the state is tight with money right now. So sorry, old folks - we don't love you enough to actually PROTECT you or anything. Maybe when things pick up, so keep in touch. I, my goo-goo heart aflutter, strongly support YES on this.
The headline from Thursday’s paper reads, 13 mil policias mas a las calles. In English, that comes out to mean 13,000 more police on the streets. This headline mentions one of the first measures to come out of the new Humala administration. The thing to note is that it is not President Humala who made these announcements. That honor went to another man and you can read about him in the next section.
Though there were bursts of violence that went on for years, the war did wind down when Aquinaldo was captured in 1901 and the Second Philippine Commission established local governments. Some fighting did continue, though, even after the official end of the war in the Summer of 1902 when Roosevelt (who became President following McKinley's assassination by an unstable anarchist) pardoned all Filipinos who had fought against the U.S. Various groups would fight against the U.S. occupation until 1913. In 1916, the Jones Act passed by the U.S Congress promised eventual independence. The Tydings-McDuffie Act of 1934 made this more concrete by promising independence after 10 years. Of course, the war intervened, and many Filipinos fought bravely to expel the Japanese just as they had fought originally to expel the Americans, and many Filipinos were executed by the Japanese government for spying for American and providing comfort to our prisoners of war. From a speculation standpoint, I have to wonder if our bases in the Philippines as continuation of this imperial experiment led to the deaths and suffering of so many American soldiers. Stuck on an island so far from support, our soldiers had no chance when the Japanese took over the islands. Would what these near 80,000 soldiers faced in the Bataan Death March had been avoided if America had just ceded the islands back to their inhabitants after perhaps keeping only a port or two? At what point do foreign outposts we hold for strategic purposes become liabilities in drawing us into regional conflicts or indefensible in global war? Maybe I come off as a small-minded isolationist in these last couple of posts, but, damn, I can't help myself...
The answer is Yes. And I don’t think that was intentional.
Oh, and ALL directions are on SALE for $5 (originally $10) - even for the sold out kits, so now is a good time to get what you've been wanting.
They are playing @ the moment (as we speak) Off-Venue @ Bakkus venue (opposite Amsterdam venue). You can buy it there already if you're @ Airwaves.
Whether it's the letdown after a recent release or just in general, I don't know. I just know I need to do something to get out of it. I have work to do. Though I don't have deadlines (aside from personal ones) I do have work that needs to be done, words that need to be written.
After walking some mins., our colleagues told about the lake & the water mill, we started walking towards the lake. Never visited such a place in my life. Mother Nature’s craft it is. Its really a jaw-dropping experience for me. The lake was really amazing.
James: (son of Alpahaeus)
The wolf jumps up and runs away.
11/10 - Myrtle Beach, SC - House of Blues
Ooops, meant to post this last night but our power went out! Anyway, here are the looks I wore to work last week. I've been continuing with my colourful lower lashlines and slightly smokey eyes, and have even been stepping it up with glittery nails and weird zombie handbags. I'll be keeping it super neutral tomorrow though, as I have my 1 month probation meeting/performance review. I know I'm better than the guy I replaced, and I'm constantly asking for more work to do, but that small irrational part of me is stressed as fuck and worries about any negative criticism I'll get :P
My blog is for you.
There’s plenty to enjoy and each character is three dimensional, (gotta love Miss ‘Health’ and the Doctor’s reaction to her pick up attempt; very Doctor Who… ‘Ah, no. That would er contravene paragraph four subsection three. Sorry…’. Actually, I rather liked her.). The running gag with the journalist getting tied to a chair is funny (but should probably be irritating, love that. Doctor Who can be all sorts of genres at once). Miss Foster (Sarah Lancashire) is great and has a nice Mary Poppins moment just before her demise – surely they could have got an umbrella in there? Sylvester McCoy’s perhaps? Then there’s Donna’s family. When I was a boy the companion was just the companion and we knew no more about them. These days it’s all so much more real; and lovingly done. And: B.e.r.n.a.r.d C.r.i.b.b.i.n.s. how about that!
As a result, here 2 detoxification guidelines that can help:
Or am I wrong? Maybe it’s just me. I should just hop onto a plane and get to the truth of my arms-length, or ocean-length view of Asia. My parents have never wanted to return to China. For them, they probably rather keep the dreams of how it was before the Chinese-Japanese war and Communist takeover.
January 2001 – After Rob’s Death
Also, a well-trained, well-armed security team would have transported Bond, the machine, and the alleged defector to a waiting transport plane at a NATO air base in Turkey. Escorted by four F-105 Thunder Chiefs, the plane would have flown to the UK with a fueling stop at a NATO base in Italy without ever entering Soviet controlled air space over eastern Europe. At the refueling stop, expert interrogators would get on the plane for subtle and friendly interrogation of the defector, and that process would continue (in a relaxed and friendly way) for months. Bond and the machine would get off the plane and enter a separate transport. To soothe the defector’s ego, a high level MI-6 big shot carrying some pricey, cold champagne would get on the plane for the red carpet schmooze job. No way in hell anybody is getting on that train with that machine. But that would have been pretty boring so for our sake they took the train.
ThrillerFest VI is less than 4 months away!
Candi dots, cream ribbon and a rose colored with Cherry Cobbler inker
It´s a little sad and difficult to choose only one winner,
And what will we be looking at? Comet Hartley is small even for a comet – about three-quarters of a mile across. (In comparison Comet Tempel 1 is thought to be 8.7 by 2.5 miles in size.) The revised general description for comets these days is a dirty snowball with a crust. Think of it a moment. Comets are not just any old chunk of rock. Millions are thought to reside in the Oort Cloud out at the farthest reaches of our solar system – about one light year away. They are thought to be pure examples of the original material of the cloud of gas and dust from which we were all formed – yes, I mean you and I. Seeing a comet up close is roughly akin to the ultimate of finding something really cool in your grandparents’ attic! So don’t get them confused with the other rocks that tend to float around nearby. We call those asteroids, and we worry some about them colliding with the Earth because such a collision would produce a major disaster. And, of course, a collision with a comet even as small as Hartley 2 would produce a major disaster. But comets and asteroids, while looking similar when far away from the Sun, are really quite different beasts. The visit to Comet Hartley 2 will include no pyrotechnics – Deep Impact has done its thing as far as throwing stuff at comets is concerned. Still, this picture of the mission to Tempel 1 when we shot a probe into it gives you a feel for what a comet looks like close up. It will be interesting to compare this photo with what we see in early November.
We have had this desk for almost 5 years now. It was purchased from a garage sale at a steal for $15.
So, on a gloriously hot summer's night, I find myself in the dark and industrial setting of BrewDog's Edinburgh bar with fellow Scottish beer bloggers, Mr Beer Cast and Mr Garvie and twitter beer comrade @AdamSh. We are here, like many others, to get a taste of some of the extremely hoppy and very tasty IPA's that BrewDog Edinburgh have sourced from far and wide for this IPA evening.
He's all yours.
Here is sneak peak for you of one of my projects - will show more once it has been shown on the G45 blog...
“These donations showcase the quality of the MMI programs and the professionalism of its graduates,” said Dennis Hendrix, director of national accounts. “The support received from these partners assists MMI in preparing its graduates for entry-level technician positions within each of the specific brands across the nation.”
He wanted to help Amos, with his whole heart he wanted to save him, but only to the point where he had to save himself. That was as far as his saving would go. Ahead of him Amos went under. Lazarus thrashed with his arms. Amos drifted away from him. Lazarus felt the nearness of death and he knew, with absolute certainty, that above all else he wanted to live.
Meaning: Most commonly associated with the fight against AIDS and HIV, this ribbon also is a symbol for heart disease, stroke, substance abuse, MADD, DARE, Epidermolysis Bullosa, Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy
I decided to keep the tan coloured leather since it had a lovely patina that needed just a little bit of proper oiling. To complement the existing colour scheme of the leather the new dashboard was especially crafted from locally grown European beech wood and accentuated with some diagonal graphic chrome detailing.
3) Take before photos. Having not one before photo is just plain sad.
I am the diamond glints on snow,
Not to be outdone, I threw up the Pepsi I’d just had to calm myself and the rumblings of an empty stomach, and a loud belch erupted.”
Next Week :Trust, Truth and Traffic
I’m living in the 21st century doin’ something mean to it
Also added to my workout wardrobe:Athleta Pilayo Zippy Headband and Lululemon Satin Pirouette Headband. I have fine, slippery hair; these have a silicone grip on the inside that helps prevent slippage. I hate when my headbands--which I wear to keep my bangs out of my eyes--slide off my head mid-run! Plus, the Satin Pirouette headband is pretty, so I wear it when I wash my face or put on makeup too.
Heavenly Father, I declare that Your Word and the influence of righteousness is growing and prevailing all over Nigeria, and the world, and the works of darkness are defeated! Your peace will continuously reign supreme in our land and all over the world; I pray for the abundant supply of Your Wisdom to our leaders, to govern the affairs of the nation in righteousness, peace and justice, in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen!
F: And the drugs they took were more you know, they were looking for higher consciousness. The drugs during the punk era tended to be more destructive more sort of the, not really spiritual, more sensual probably, more destructive. Speed, that kind of thing.
But I ignored them.
It starts with a car pulling into a lonely country gas station. The owner, George Zucco playing Nicholas, comes out to greet the young woman who has stopped to ask for directions... "Stranger in this part of the country, aren't you?"
I woke up early one morning when I'd first arrived in France. We were staying at V's parent's (ginormous) house while waiting for our apartment's fresh paint to dry. I must've been groggier than I thought as I bumped into V's mom in the kitchen that day.
They are finished so wonderfully, I can just see them stuffed with all that gorgeous wool I picked up!
Seth drove carefully around yet another crumpled semi. It looked remarkably like the first one he’d seen before finding the gas station. He didn’t stop this time. The memory of that screaming howl was burnt into his mind. He kept hearing as if it were still echoing around him, even though he’d been driving for a solid seven hours. Well, almost solid. Against his better judgment, he’d had to stop at a rest station to relieve himself. But he’d only stayed ten minutes or so. If the clock in his truck was still to be trusted, it was close to midnight.
The Word became flesh and blood,
The single “Bohemian Rhapsody” reached #2 on the Billboard Charts in the US in 1975. After it was featured prominently in the film “Wayne’s World“, it again reached #2 on the Billboard Charts in 1992.
It was easy for Paul to detect the spiritual blindness of his audience for they were unable to understand spiritual truth. Have you ever tried to explain the simple gospel to an unsaved person and have them say that it didn’t make a bit of sense to them? They were blind. You could see that but they could not.
b.) Zac Efron is very hansome.
Black Flag- Rise Above (Damaged LP- 1981)
If you've ever read Marley & Me- you know what dog ownership can be like at all extremes. Misty wasn't a big dog, which meant I was often able to take her places I might not have been otherwise, but it also meant that she compensated for her petite size by producing a fierce bark. Somewhere along the line we noticed that she started to lose her hearing. She would bark when nothing was there, and then she wouldn't hear us when we called for her. Other challenging memories include the time she ate some leaves off a friend's porch and couldn't walk straight for more than three steps, the time a friend's dog took a chunk out of her side, the time a lady threatened to call the police because I left her in the car with the window down for 2 minutes, the hair cuts which were never pleasant for her or the groomers, the dingleberries, the potty pads she needed as she got older and couldn't be bothered to wait and go outside, her terrifying fear of being kept in a room without human contact, her need to have something substantially soft and adequate to lay on, and her desire to held by anyone just to get warmer.
When the chipboard is completely covered with ink and dry, I layered a favorite vintage image right over it. You can use a sheer transparent accent like I did or print one onto transparency from your favorite vintage clip art graphic.
290Rise Alps between us! and whole oceans roll!
And after I get home and unpack, I shall fix myself a sugar-free, generic Walmart margarita, step outside and set my plastic bags free in the wind. To travel the earth, sail the lakes and mostly - to land in your trees, Target Hippie Freak.
When I found love
This trip also led us down the road to the nearly deserted town of Dragoon, named for its proximity to the Dragoon Mountains. So where did the name "Dragoon" come from? I had to google and found that before they were called the cavalry, they were called the dragoons following in the European tradition from before 1776. Interestingly, considering the persecution of the native people in the area by the United States military of the 1800s, wikipedia also says that dragoon means "to subjugate or persecute by the imposition of troops; and by extension to compel by any violent measures or threats." A sad but true history; recall yet move on with blessings upon those who suffered.
This is my Free Will Horoscope for this week. I’m a Virgo, in case you haven’t caught that in a previous post. There are two reasons I love this VIRGO horoscope today.
Members meet once a week for prayer, planning and discussion in a family setting. Then they do two hours of definite work each week in pairs and under the guidance of their spiritual director.
Jacob has personally told me that he had been pulled out of class, by I am assuming, the school psychologist/psychiatrist for the testing. Not ONCE has the school district, or anyone involved in the testing process, informed me that Jacob has been tested, nor have I been contacted by any involved individual to go over the results of the said tests.
One of the ways i'm attempting to deal with the stress of Christmas, is to let go of expectations.
Finally, as she longed for and dreamed of her solution, Sophia slipped into oblivion.
Based on the works of author Edgar Rice Burroughs, the Tarzan stories, which have spawned scores of books and films over the years, chronicle the adventures of a man who was raised by apes in Africa.
Anyway, rant over, I’m also going to speak to the learning support team about seeing a councillor of some description. Apparently it will help. I remember when I saw 3 different councillors at Verdin; the first was a legend, from Holland with crazy colourful hair and she got to the roots of the problem. Then she was forced to resign (something to do with being inappropriate) and there were two dullards who were so uninteresting and uninspiring I barely remember what they looked like or what they did.
bother you.
One way to get the extra time is through the Free File link on IRS.gov. (Select "browse the list" from Step 2 and look for "free extensions.") This connects you to private company that will allow you to file an extension online. (There is an $57,000 income limit for free service.)
The films from the workshops will be showcased in the Mobile Movie Finals at Sheffield’s Showroom Cinema on at 11am on Saturday 5th November when each member of the team producing the winning film will receive a Toshiba Camileo S20 Full HD 1080p Camcorder!
Web-Based Environment Management (W.B.E.M.) allows Microsoft and other companies and corporations to virtually control and monitor your computer from remote locations through the internet.
The normally reserved Morgenthau was so horrified at this blatant attempt to cash in on murder that he not only turned down the request, but used some rather undiplomatic language in the process.
A: Sleep all day, rave all night. Learn by osmosis.
A twenty hour chapel
On the face of it, a point at Stoke is a disappointing result. Contrary to the claims of Tony Pulis, top six teams do win there and have done this season. In the wider context of the season, the point was a good result leaving Arsenal directly in control of their own destiny; games in hand is an over-rated currency this morning. That might be different by this time next weekend but those are the problems for another day.
and she dropped off the boys
smaller than the i-Pad. Besides the standard games, music and book software,
Her eyes were flashing wild with rage
Whatever direction you go, except south (where the sea is dummy), you'll discover loads of real life in what's called Zagora, the hinterland of that glorious coast.
Dave
Hysteric apepsia, he called it. Most often first onset in young women in their teens and early twenties, though sometimes in males of the same age. Denial of food to the point of severe emaciation and sometimes death. No signs of “tuberculosis” or other illness; causes unknown.
The domes are based on the natural form of the soap bubble (Foam Bubbles), a very efficient shape. The Soap bubble’s shape is used a lot in basic architectural design due to its structural strength.
2) After picking up the translations of my latest documents (including the letterhead and stamp of a few documents that were otherwise in Russian...just in case...), we headed over to Immigration to try to get my documents approved. It's now been about 6 weeks since we've been circling among various offices.
I will believe the Hand that never fails,
The mail has new improvements as well. You can format your texts using bold, italics, or underlined fonts. You can add or delete folders on the fly. Looking for a specific message? You can now search the body of messages. With the new iOS 5 devices such as iPod touch, iPad, and IPhone, you will no longer have to own a computer. You will just have to activate and set up your device wirelessly right out of the box. The software will be available for free and can be downloaded directly to your device. You can do all of the editing of your folders straight from you apple device, no need for the computer anymore.
Ushuaia – we went on a train ride to Tierra del Fuego national park, it was beautiful.
To Marcel Duchamp it was enough for an artist to deem something "art" and put it in an art venue. But it does not matter where you stick a urinal it is always a urinal with a specific non-artistic purpose. To say something becomes art because you put it in a gallery is very muddled thinking. I had an experience in the Ikon gallery in Birmingham where the only objects with artistic qualities are the water closets and washroom taps which had pleasing curves and smooth surfaces. But they are not art: they are objects for specific non artistic purposes.
Let’s start with the simple observation that there are, at the moment, massive capital flows taking place under the surface within Europe, reflecting capital flight out of the periphery and into Germany. The ECB is providing support to financial institutions that are experiencing liquidity pressures as a result of these flows.
Terry Reid- Superlungs My Supergirl
There are many titles floating about for a pony lover like myself. Most popular is the term “brony”, a mish-mash of “pony” and “bro” used mainly for male fans, or the dreaded “pega-sister”, the female counterpart that I rather detest. Personally, I like my self-title of “pony hipster”. For I’ve liked these gosh darn hunks of pastel plastic a lot longer than most of these “bronies” run into today, call me a snob if you want, but I find myself often questioned of my dedication and love, and it is rather tiring to have to explain myself to people who did not even know of their existence until the 2010 reboot.
A more sinister part of my psyche wonders if "strong women" are putting readers off. A strong personality is going to overpower the reader. A strong personality is a threat. A strong personality becomes a target.
I can see how hard you have been working. It's really paying off.
Ride motorcycle
John’s life, which we are celebrating here today, incarnated the poetry of the useful. Although we are indignant that he should have suffered two such mortal blows as blindness and leukemia, we are amazed at the courage and grace with which he turned potential defeat into creative triumph, and we are grateful to have shared his journey.
His book weaves a chronology of his life, and it is easy to hear his deep laughter as he relates a long parade of family adventures and 47 years of campaign tales and historic legislative battles. But his optimistic prose is punctuated with moments of despair, and a theme develops in which self reflection is followed by a healing rededication to the humanistic causes of his life. He quotes his father as saying, "When one of your children goes out of your life, you think of what he might have done with a few more years, and you wonder what you are going to do with the rest of yours. Then one day, because there is a world to be lived in, you find yourself a part of it again, trying to accomplish something -- something that he did not have time enough to do. And, perhaps, that is the reason for it all. I hope so."
Here’s the summary, taken from Goodreads:
Tan Ya returns home to find Gwan Woo waiting for her again. I like the choice of billboard behind them as it represents what they don’t have. It’d even be funnier if Go Joon Hee and Kim Sung Je were the models in it but I just can’t tell.
all three of these people are NOT people i would want to know that i am celebrating doing something “normal” like fitting into a doctor’s robe. nor are they people i would want reading my blog. sure, if they find it on their own…that is the risk i take blogging…but to have it deliberately shared by my so-called best friend? heartbreak. so the domino effect her sharing my blog had on my birthday is as follows: i could barely concentrate at the doctor appointment. i left there and got in my car and cried. i mean CRIED. i drove straight to one of my work/mommy friend’s office and literally crumbled behind closed doors about my humiliation. i then went out to lunch with my favorite staff members and my work/mommy friend…who took me to my favorite celebratory restaurant, made sure we had my favorite hot waitress and gave me disney gift cards…i could barely muster a smile and kept speaking in code about my humiliation with my work/mommy friend. then we went back to the office. i went into my office, closed the door and cried. i tried to pull myself together and even had to fake a stomach ache when my boss came by to get me to escort me to my surprise cupcake party he arranged for me.
In this provocative and unvarnished account of his three years on the continent of his ancestors, Richburg takes us on a extraordinary journey that sweeps from Somalia to South Africa, showing how he confronted the divide between his African racial heritage and his American cultural identity.
He's either going to have to start cleaning up the mess or train Molly too :)
Next on the agenda was drumming.
65 million years ago, an asterioid hit earth, wiped out the dinosaurs, left the mammals.There's very little debate about this now...Chicxulub crater is the smoking gun, and the geological evidence shows iridium planet-wide at exactly 65 million years ago.
I'm just going to say it: I don't think you are a good mother. But I'm not saying I think you are a bad mother either. I used to think I could judge whether other mothers were good or bad. But lately, I just don't have an opinion either way. Even if I did have an opinion, would it matter to you? Does it matter if a stranger thinks you are a good mother? Or a friend or sister or parent thinks so?
Nineteen Minutes - Jodi Picoult
with little help from us. Oh, diet, yes,
1 1/2 tsp Pure Vanilla Extract
Read the full story here.
Oh, and the handsome photographer ain’t too shabby, either. :0)
puncture wound to her inner
The inspector shook his head. Still grinning. 'No. I'm not one of them. But they do pay me for services rendered.' He extended his hand to Ben to shake it. 'My name's Perpetual Jones. This, my friend, is the Mobius Line.'
Earth & Fire Maybe tomorrow, maybe tonight NL
NOTE: For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ: Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself.
Domtom Publishing offer a self-publishing service which includes book layout advise, ISBN and barcode allocation, and Amazon listing. Book cover design and editing/proofreading are offered as additional services. Domtom do have the advantage of having all their book production facilities in-house. However, many of their UK counterparts offer cover design and legal registration in their basic packages, rather than as an add on service.
Before turning in last night, I stepped outside to listen to the river churning as it made its way around the bend and under the bridge. It's running high and fast this spring and I love the sound it makes in the dark. However. As I looked down in the hollow I could make out the silhouette of a brush pile I had spontaneously created when I first moved in here two summers ago and to which I have recently been adding. I could see, even in the dark, that the pile will be hiding the many irises that are getting ready to bloom. A couple of days ago I cleaned out a tire full of them that Otis had created nearby. Yes, a tire full of irises. There was a time when I might have blushed at that revelation, but now I view it as a fine form of recycling.
Squat lobsters are not pretty, and are in fact more closely related to crabs than lobsters, again, most of these end up abroad, but again, may be sold (Except in this country), precooked as “Scampi”
A few days ago I once again broke my hard and fast and utterly unobserved rule to buy no more books and bought a volume called The Best Australian Essays - a 10-Year Collection, published by Black Inc. So far I have read Kevin Brophy's account of living with appalling neighbours and trying to make sense of the experience through the medium of Slavoj Zizek's reflections on violence (my sympathies in this enterprise lie with Brophy's wife, who responds to his musings by saying 'Zizek is playing games with the word "violence". She is not impressed by his dexterity with ideas"); Frank Devine's excellent piece on Bradman; and Thomas Keneally's wonderful account of how he first came across the story of Oskar Schindler.
Right, I'm off to my bed in the hope that tomorrow will be a much more productive day!
So I’m left wondering what the next “something else” will be in a few years after the preponderance of evidence against aluminum becomes too great for them to ignore? We’re running out of ingredients. Will it be the trace amounts of flu itself? Perhaps just the sharp, pointy thing at the end of the needle? I’m going with the sharp, pointy thing at the end of the needle.
And if I spelled anything wrong, please forgive this little zombie-of-a-mama cuz it's now 3:18 AM.
He was at the window. "Stupid Fucking Cow!" Hammering at the driver's side window.
The husband was doubtful of the egg at first, so I only added eggs to half of the pizza. Honestly, he was doubtful of the entire shaved asparagus pizza idea. So being the good new wife that I am learning to be, I gently *wink wink* reminded him who runs this kitchen.
Here’s something not everyone realizes:
She said Olivia needs to be in the stander every day and to not wear her AFOs when she is crawling around. (Her school PT has said the same thing.) She said Olivia needs a hard back to replace the soft one on her wheelchair so we can limit the curving of her back while she sits in it. We tried to get Olivia to pull to standing and to take a couple of steps while we held her, neither of which she would do. (Stink pot.)
Early on, my Mum taught me a come-back that I still use today: I can lose my weight, but you’re always going to be an (insert whatever adjective you want here, eg. ignorant, ugly) (insert whatever name suits you here – I tend to go with the “F” word more than anything.)”
She turns to the future in a world that’s falling apart.
I combined the cream cheese, sugar, cocoa, milk, and vanilla in our big green mixing bowl and here I made a rookie mistake. I didn’t stir it together at all before I started in with the beaters. A huge puff of cocoa powder mushroomed up onto me when the beaters whirled. I quickly rectified that mistake and my mother graciously pretended it had never happened. I stirred the powder into the milk and cream cheese, and then beat it until the mixture became nice and fluffy.
1 contours
ATTORNEY: And Mr. Denton was dead at the time?
So if you have purchased the set, I have to tell you it is a must have.
Time flew, walked, crawled, the dreams peeked out now and then and verses took shape that were protected fiercely for years and yet the best ones cast one day into the fire of battered self esteem (especially the ones dedicated to her fiancé-husband who broke her spirit)....and then after years of grey bleakiness, the tumultuous life led her back to the road she had long ago abandoned, the only one left she could travel through, to save her sanity.
History has always been a fascination for me and the cause and effect factors are too many for me to give out a very factual post. Being aware of the changes I guess is an appreciation for me of where we are and where we have been.
He shrugged, “I don’t know, yesus, these bloody Chinese, they said to go back to the hotel.”
Here's to sunny skies! Have a great week everyone!
Just a thought.
"Extraordinary Cakes" is all about getting dressed up and going out on New Years Eve-the black velvet, champagne and glistening diamonds. The photos are absolutely stunning. Who would not want one of these cakes on their table? You would not even need to diet as the cake would be too pretty to cut into. But maybe not. Each cakes seems to have an extraordinary filling full of seasonal flavours.
The biggest Rusty cheerleader in Mets forums would have to be the man who goes by “Rusty Jr” Ed Marcus from Real Dirty Mets, proclaiming the move was a “horrible trade! Guy was past his prime and didn’t want to play for the Mets. Rusty still had a few prime years left!”
As far as I can tell, the baby is still lying in breech, which is fine
“That boy is crazy!” Wendy giggled, “He likes you, Carmen. His dad is rich.” She almost sang the last word.
Last month, Slate’s Matthew Yglesias wrote that the land near train stations often increases in value until it’s worth developing into a mix of buildings and parking (as opposed to only parking).
Significant ABC U.S. rule changes in the past 18 months have addressed the newspaper industry’s continuing transformation and publishers and advertisers emphasis on cross-media audience metrics, not focusing solely on paid print circulation.
Made Goods has the coolest style and unparalleled quality of materials and craftsmanship. Their aesthetic blends lots of styles and is hard to categorize. You could call it funky, sophisticated, chic, exotic, natural...but definitely not boring or ordinary. In a world full of copycats (i.e. Wisteria and Ballard Designs), they really lead the pack and come up with fresh, inventive designs. Being someone that's always craving something novel, I appreciate their creative spirit and stellar execution of their vision. Here's a sampling of their creations...
I’ve had some laughter after my friend Lilly realized that I didn’t knew a thing on college matters. Have you ever read a book or watched a movie about college life? was the main question in the time. No, I haven’t done any of those things. In fact, I’ve never wanted to. (Or knew there was a thing like that…) So, on my first day I’ve heard many thing that I didn’t expect. (Oh! Here comes a list!)
Again, genetics in action.
I'll be around to visit soon as we're back up again.
Just give us all a break, or we might just refuse.
But, contrary to the accusations of the trolls that hang around my blog, I don't believe in being given something for nothing and so I have spent the last week cobbling together a big juicy carrot.
You do not have to buy loads to begin with 10 bottles will give you a good range. The reason I prefer the 50ml bottles is that with the mini misters (these are fantastic for a smaller project when you only want a limited amount of a colour) you do not get a lot of use and often in projects I need to make more mist. So the 50ml bottles go quite far and mean that I do not have to make that mist up every time I want to use it.
But I can only draw the conclusion that anti-bike prejudice is getting in the way of the cheapest, easiest way to help with some of Melbourne’s worst transport blackspots. Dumb.
And then, a special case comes up that catches my attention. She's two years younger than me and this hits home...I know where she likely is in her life. She's already fought breast cancer 16 years ago at the age of 30 and now she's being scanned for pain in her abdomen. Could it be a recurrence after all these years?
I flipped over and lunged toward my shoes that had fallen off when I’d crawled out of the car. I grabbed my shoes and stumbled into a run. Barefoot and carrying my shoes.
It’s very nice that they do that, that they allowed us to keep the basics we would need to live, but I also learned in 2009 that they actually HAVE to do that. They told me they had to, “there are laws in place to protect the innocent,” although sometimes I felt like somehow those laws weren’t enacted on my behalf because there were MANY things that did not work out for me, truth be told. Color me able to relate to the investment scheme victims in that regard, as well, I guess!
But that is how things are: I am your mother,
through the twists and bends
The Adoption Industry-Duh.
Paul’s Final Greetings
Contestant: Err...
Bitch made a deeper noise, low in her throat. Aisha and Alec approached, which contributed to the loose half-circle of people and animals around Lisa and me. Tension hung heavy in the air.
And I'd say: “Yeah, I got it! Dressed like this how could I not!”
Yeah, I guess it is.
Despite the track record of this industry and its influence on me, along the way I have actually found some remarkable, christian role-models in pro skaters that are reworking the stereotypes of the dark industry by being men of light. Jamie Thomas, from my home town of Dothan, AL, whose mom was friends with my best friend’s mother, is famous for being one of two people to attempt the 20 ft drop called the “Leap of Faith” (the other guy broke his leg). I recently bought a board designed by Jud Farmboy heald, founder of Untitled Skateboards, a company that tours around the states skating and preaching to packed out stadiums. Woo-haa to these guys redeeming an industry and a generation.
Many Bloggers profess not to look at Bounce Rate but in my opinion this is tantamount to ignoring a credit card balance. The Blogger wants to hold onto their visitors "especially" if they originated from a referring site versus organic visitors from search engines (while search engine visits are important, this is the number that will take the longest to obtain). Scrolling down on the GA opening dashboard will reveal the "Traffic Source Overview" and source of incoming Blog traffic.
Don’t get me wrong – I’m excited, BUT I have never done it before. Usually I have months to research, sketch, send emails and phone calls back and forth about the finer details of the cakes and cupcakes. Not this time.
His recruitment into intelligence work started in 1980 when Moe and Younis both attended the University of Durban-Westville, where they were reportedly influenced politically by the likes of Pravin Gordan of the Natal Indian Congress.
Michael, Stephanie, Caylee, and little Levi
While there are many protestors who are non-violent and whom Zoufal respectfully calls “admirable” in their quest to “serving a higher purpose,” his main concern is the city’s overall safety outside of the McCormick Place during the NATO Summit.
And you my best friend even that’s for sure,
Nehemiah has recorded an exemplary life, and it’s not just because he’s the one writing the book. The impact of his life and the effectiveness of his leadership are evidence of his personal integrity. And that integrity is rooted in his response to sin.
He had no hope she would survive
Wow, with this assignment from My Cricut Craftroom, I am ready for Father's Day well in advance. But that is a good thing because I will be offline and not crafting for all of June due to moving to Southern California. It will be a blast!
Like I said, perhaps this is poetic language or maybe there was something else 'in die pyp'. Perhaps Naudé should help his reader towards his sources on postcolonial theory, apart from Jeff Radebe and the Afrikaans braaivleis vure. If Fanon is correct, in "Wretched of the Earth", then the ANC government should rather be understood as a "nationalist bourgeoisie", who simply don't have the imagination to transcend the colonial script. They (and Mr Jeff Rabebe) are not the proponents of postcolonial theory. If Said is correct, in "Orientalism", then our constructions of reality, like Africanness or Western-ness are just that: constructions that need to be read historically, and which can be changed. That is why postcolonial theory is deconstructing essentialisms and outdated binaries in the process of re-imaging hybridity and liberating syncretisms. This kind of thinking has nothing to do with ideological fundamentalism or with the continuation of victim or guilty binaries, so entrenched in the ANC's (actually Mbeki's) form of nativism (X Mangcnu). Unless Naudé work/struggle with this framework, he is either ignorant or simply misleading in his understanding of postcolonial theory, but also in his analysis of the current elite transition being executed, in front of our eyes. What's happening under the ANC is another form of trickery, according to postcolonial theorist, and author or "On the Postcolony", Achille Mbembe. It should not astound us that the most fruitful postcolonial work up to date, has been done through poetry and prose, where words, images, experiences are experimented within the fluidity of culture in the postcolony. This artistry does play with holy boundaries and expose outdated dogmas, but most importantly, it does so, in order to exposing the way, literary products have been used as weapons to numb, to silence.... One can only hope that this was not (again) the intention of Naudé, (again) in service of the old dogmas.... We wouldn't know. Perhaps it was just an old trick, again. How ironic would that be?
For a little extra flavour, I added deep fried tofu to the okra.
These pictures aren't the best since I hurriedly snapped a picture before quickly wrapping them to be delivered. I do like the way the snowmen turned out. This year, I'm planning on doing a little Winter decorating. It's fun to have something crafty to think and work on while I wait for Valentines.
The Salafi preacher Khalid Abdullah seems determined not to let any woman activist escape his venomous attacks. His latest victim is Tawakkul Karman (also Tawakel Karman), the Yemeni activist who won the Nobel Piece Prize for her role in the Yemni revolution against Ali Abdullah Saleh. On his show, he plays a tape of an interview with her, but not before blurring her so she is unrecognizable. She doesn't even deserve to have rose substituted for her face the way salafi election posters did in the recent elections in Egypt. Instead, she appears as a blotch, a ghostly figure, not to be seen, and to be heard, grudgingly, and only to hang with her words.
All my life. My aunt who lived in Miami would send me these snail mail coupons: "One 100-word story about your weekend entitles you to your Beanie Baby of choice, to be redeemed by the end of the month." Are you kidding?? Sign me up STAT! I'll tell you all about my lame weekend :D
Today I bring you my second post as a design team member for Just Tracys Crafts Challenge Blog. This month, we are asking that you make a card, layout, project, etc. for a female and to include something flowing - lace, ribbon, tulle, etc. If you are like me, I love lace and ribbon, so this was a fun project. I used my scor-buddy to make the background design (I just love that little tool) and used my ribbon as the flowing portion of my card. I know the colors used are blue, but my momma's favorite color is blue and thought it would make a great card to send to her and say hello.
sideways their
Time to rest, scheme, strategize. Think back on what has come before. Assemble my experiences. Next post: Christopher Hitchens, humanism, and links to my writing published by the American Humanist Association. I hope you leave here with something meaningful. If have something to add to the discussion, I’d very much appreciate it if you could leave a comment. Thanks.
I choose to feel that people find me attractive! Amen!
in the soul
Deploying their usual tactics of innuendo and half truths, they seek to imply that Arthur Kemp was implicated in the killing of the South African Communist party and ANC leader Chris Hani in 1993. In Friday's Guardian, Matthew Taylor, slithers through his article, leaving a slimy trail of hints and implications that Arthur Kemp was ... “suspected of” .... “arrested and questioned” .... “a member of” ... “hiss, spit ...slither” ... etc . All designed to imply that Arthur Kemp was somehow involved in a crime for which he was never charged.
I would use it so much.
Serve warm with subzi or raita.
“We never know what life has in store for us; certainly, I didn’t. However, it is much more gratifying to fight than to surrender to fears and to the unknown. I believe we have all been put on this earth to teach and to learn; therefore, it is my way to justify my existence. There is always hope, no matter how difficult your challenges are.”
Clip only for products you need or use. When you don’t eat yogurt, own a dog, or have dentures, getting bargains on Activia, Alpo, and Polident is senseless. A good rule of thumb: if you have to think about clipping a particular coupon for more than a few seconds, skip it.
Funkadelic - Maggot Brain - 1971
The frozen transfer was slated for June but with the lab cleanup/shutdown and 4th of july, they postponed me til July. With a clean bill of uterine health, we proceeded to look forward to the transfer.
Also, you should probably start reading the words I write. Like the time I explained the extra group work at the bottom of each night’s post is FOR REGIONAL FUCKING COMPETITORS, and corresponds to which week their regional is. I blame this all on Drywall, Tom K., Jeff Binek, LGA, Elisabeth Akinwale, and all the other vigilante site moderators who are now spending more time concentrating on their preparation for regionals, instead of keeping a watchful snarky eye over the site that they are using to prepare for regionals (is that ironic? finally?). Fuck you guys for leaving me to deal with this all by myself. I hope you’re happy with your workouts.
In the course of his judgment, Tugendhat J observed that PLM -- like any expectant mum -- would have had a reasonable expectation of privacy in respect of her pregnancy at a time before it was obvious to those associating with her that she was pregnant. However, once it was obvious that she was pregnant, that time had passed -- and with it passed any chance of success for the application. If he was wrong about this, it would still be necessary to consider whether there was some proper justification for disclosure of PLM's pregnancy to SKA's grown-up children and his current wife -- which was unlikely to be the case.
In Stores This Week
2012-04-05 15:32
See what’s goin’ on
The high degree of media scrutiny the newsletters are receiving is a good thing. This dirty laundry needs a good, early airing. If the Paul candidacy survives, it will be a much stronger one. But like I said before, all this will matter zero in the end.
Come on now, lay down here and let me stroke your hair until you fall asleep just like you like. I know you will be back tomorrow.
I used the Paper Piercer to pierce a hole in each end of the handle and then added the handle onto the bag with two Gold Brads. I then used the Boho Blossoms punch to punch out one large flower from Whisper White card stock and one medium flower from Calypso Coral card stock. I stacked the flowers together and pierced a hole in the center with the Paper Piercer and Mat Pack. I then inserted an Everyday Enchantment brad through the holes in the flower and the front of the box and spread the prongs on the inside of the box.
13. If you can help it, use an electric fan instead of an air conditioner.
The summer night is like a perfection of thought.
However the minimum required to force through the haircut would be 66%. And some argue that should be 75%. If 95% agree it becomes deemed-voluntary for everyone and the CDS holders get stuffed.
Lulus Diry outlasted Stanley's tenure on the book. Its innovations were soon thinned out. With the tenth installment, the mis-spellings and X'ings out were no longer part of the format. Lulu's lack of punctuation, and her malapropisms, remained, but were gradually toned down in the mid-1950s.
Let’s Review: Carrot and stick programs don’t lead to healthier employees, don’t save companies any money, and do create completely unnecessary exposure to legal action. Luckily, there are much better, more cost effective ways to give support employees who are interested in pursuing health.
Maybe it’s a contract between two (or any number) of informed, willing, consenting, and capable adults who enter into it in order to manage their own personal wants, needs, and desires as balanced against a deeper (and often, preconscious) concern for the welfare of all.
There is one God, Creator of the heavens and the earth and Author of the Holy Bible which is the story of His creation and Himself (Deuteronomy 6:4.)
I finally decided that I was not healthy where I was in life. I went from being a physically fit 130 lb. 22 year old to a 206.6 lb 27 year old. I started noticing the weight gain when I moved to North Carolina to be with my husband who is in the military. I did not know how to control it. I was sad that I moved away from my family and friends. I found comfort in all the delicious baked goods, and my nightly macaroni and cheese. I did not realize the impact my eating habits had on me until I was at the doctor one day for a fertility appointment. When the doctor told me in a stern voice, you need to lose weight”. Funny thing is he was not the first doctor to tell me that. I have heard that I needed to lose weight about 10 other times in the past 4 years. What took me to listen was trying to have a child and that one doctor who told me in a stern manner.
When I came into the bedroom (after washing the skillet and the spatula so he could fry his eggs in morning), he was already in bed, lying still, with his eyes closed, saying nothing.
Recently I was playing the Uncharted 3 Multiplayer on my PS3, and while I didn’t have a mic on, one of my anonymous party members did. Now the voice was obviously that of teenage kid, probably no more than 12 – 13 and so his comments shouldn’t get to me right? He’s just a kid, and I don’t know this person – so why should his words affect me? Well – unfortunately, they can and do for many gamers around the world. I personally have been picked on enough, that I can shove words like ‘retard’, ‘gimp’, etc. in one ear and out the other.
In conclusion, I wish to go to my own words during my trial in 1964 - they are as true today as they were then:
By the way, I hope a 22 year old bitching about feeling like an old man makes everyone older than me feel ancient. The only way I’ll feel better about myself is tormenting you geezer fucks.
When the most massive stars exhaust their available fuel and reach the end of their lives, they explode as supernovae, tremendously powerful explosions that are briefly brighter than an entire galaxy of normal stars. The remnants of these dramatic events also release vast numbers of high-energy charged particles known as galactic cosmic rays (GCR). If a supernova is close enough to the Solar System, the enhanced GCR levels can have a direct impact on the atmosphere of the Earth.
Approximately $3 million is available in the city’s FY 2013 budget for a second phase.
That’s the story of ol’ Herman Cain
Now, we are anchored in our favorite spot on the West side of Bora Bora tucked in from the storm and baking cookies (oatmeal raisin), watching movies, and playing a mean game of Hollywood Rummy. A nice way to wait out the storm.
On the 15th Day of New York Christmas I give you the "Christmas Tree and Neapolitan Baroque Creche" at the Metropolitan Museum. The beautiful pieces were a gift from Loretta Hines Howard in 1964 and have been beautifully displayed every year. They do a beautiful lighting ceremony with music that brings you to tears. No pictures are allowed at this exhibit! I could never do it justice anyway.
The answer to all of the above is that we need to stand up, be counted, give mental health problems a voice and educate those around us that having a mental health problem does not mean we a stupid, thick, weird, dangerous and someone to be avoided.
I love the ending! I didn’t see that coming! I expected something quite the opposite and love this book all the more for it! And I’m not going to spoil it for you!
That’s it. Easy, delicious and nutritious.
Well ,I picked some gold /yellow and dark blue DMC cottons, one bright turqoise Atalie Thread called Lagon and red Au ver Soie thread for the circles on the pattern.
ABIB probably wants to do the deal. SABMiller has been investing heavily in Africa and Asia, which are still growing beer markets (and ones where ABIB has not been particularly successful). And let's be honest: this is how Carlos Brito and InBev have worked for years. They are not brewers: they are bankers, and they grow their "breweries" by buying other "breweries," which are just counters, money, and markets to them. It's about money and balance sheets, slashing costs and raising prices. Anyone still shocked by that? God, I hope not.
Pray for me. Pray for holy men and women to enter into holy marriages.
I bought my first Featherweight a little over a year ago on eBay, and it needed work -- a new hook assembly to be exact. I bought my second, also on eBay, a few months later, and it was perfect right out of the box -- and cost less than the other one! And you know something? They lived up to the hype, a rare thing.
Believe it or not, our favorite lagering house, the Bohemian Brewery is ten years old this month. To celebrate, the brewery has some limited Edition 10 year Bohemian Brewery Pint Glasses and of course, a special new seasonal offering for the Occasion!
honor of Bunnies Favorite Holiday.
7. Favorite Christmas movie?
Rating : PG-13
Family:
of all that is provided;
That would be the right protocol and he would have been respected for having the moral integrity to stand on the right side of the light. Instead, Najib Razak secretively sent his “James Bond” lawyer off on a mysterious mission. If Najib is innocent, he should not be afraid as he has nothing to hide.
Today is New Year's Day!
And dinner in chichi Sanlitun with a NY childhood friend, late-40s like me, who’s produced (and exported) U.S. theater here for 2 decades. Today, her old contacts, partners, friends, have hit (or anticipate reaching, come October’s transitional Party Congress) China’s very highest levels.
One of the ladies on our link list below will be picking a name from the comments on her blog post today. We don’t know which one it is… so the more blogs you leave comments on, the more chances you have to win! If all of that didn't entice you, I am sure you're going to want to stop by and see the handiwork of Flourishes finest designers!
Thank you so much for all of your support!
The hourglass economy is illustrated in Image A above. As you can see, it has three sections:-
This one is for those of us, who are student;
It's been fun to see my table in it's other incarnations.
29.Chicken Farm (MRR's 'Welcome To 1984')
As John Caine became more comfortable in his new position at the NIH laboratory he began to put his personal penchant for scientific tinkering to practice. He performed various experiments under the radar (which played into the conspirators' sinister plans for him). The unexpected result, not anticipated by either John or those who were secretly setting him up, was something that might also be considered the title character of the novel. I called Caine the protagonist, and not the main character or title character, because there is another contender for those descriptives: the "pestilence" that Caine produced - a virus which functioned not so much as a new disease, but as a virally propagated cure for an already existing condition. More than that I cannot reveal without dropping a huge spoiler.
In other, less disturbing news, winter is finally here. Booyah!!! In mid November I was driving home one day and saw this chick jogging, wearing a tank top and shorts. In November. In Minnesota. Can you say Climate Change, boys and girls???? So, when the snow started falling yesterday I was really, really excited.
Freshly ground pepper powder- 1 teaspoon
Farm murders, whatever their motives, are horrible, but they are not genocide.
The result if Akari from Yuru Yuri takes up mahjong. No-one notices you or your tiles… until you strike them with a win right under their noses. Who knew having a lack of presence could be so deadly? The counter for this is just some people (or Saki) who are used to online mahjong and do not fall for these (jedi)-mindtricks. Used by the presence-less Momoko Touyoko.
"We remain heads-down focused on customers. Amazon Prime has just celebrated its fifth anniversary, adoption of Amazon Web Services continues to accelerate, Kindle remains our #1 bestselling product, and earlier this week, Kindle selection reached 500,000 titles."
Track testing is now underway and the focus has been on fine tuning the way the bike turns and brakes, along with preparations on the Ohlins suspension and Dunlop tyres – ensuring both are synchronized and ready for the toughest road race in the world. The bike is being put through its‘ paces on a high speed test, including a 165mph ‘no hands’ test to check the stability of the bike – definitely not for the faint-hearted!
Robert/aka Bob
Filigree Oval Necklace with Crystal Components
The sentiment is from a set of May words that are now retired from CTMH. I finished it with a more feminine blue satin ribbon. It's much darker in real life. The photo lighting sort of bleached its appearance.
Some people might tell me to try to ‘push through it’. While that works for people who DON’T have a disease that is triggered by high internal body heat, it is absolutely THE LAST THING I should do. In fact, that exact action is what threw me into my last two relapses in 2009, which came back-to-back due to my impatience. What I need to do when this happens is drink a ton of water, stand in front of a fan and maybe drench myself, in order to regulate my body temperature. It’s thoroughly frustrating when people think they can ‘motivate me’ (as if I need any more motivation, I’ve already been awake for five fucking hours on Saturday, and not because I set an alarm) and get me back on the mat.
City Managers, the Mayor and other public officials would benefit from being informed through mass notification during heat emergencies. Along with being up to date on your emergency plan, they may wish to visit cooling shelter locations personally to thank staff and to visit with citizens.
It was such a great day & so relaxing at their house (the girls played with their youngest daughter the whole time!)
The Wellington is best known as the Jockey in Shameless, the once-excellent but now parody show about inner-city Manchester estates. The Chatsworth estate in Channel 4's show was filmed in West Gorton in the early years but has now moved to a purpose-built set in Wythenshawe which has a replica of the pub.
Pelfrey has been doing what’s expected of him and more, and Collins rewards him by giving him yet another no-decision. You know the term “no brainer?” Collins is just a brainer. He didn’t think, just acted, and it could have cost them the game. But it did cost Pelfrey of a well-earned win.
It serves a grand purpose of course, for the people will utterly never support thuggery, decent families and individuals recoil from such behaviours and this will be eternal certainly the common man has changed, Hollywood and Judaic chicanery has seen to that, today the hero is akin to the criminal and is no longer a knight but a coarse, antagonistic, foul-mouthed gun touting thug, therefore the body-politic has become desensitised and indeed society as a whole has and is becoming evermore violent. So it may come to pass that the thug of today will be mild in comparison with the common man of tomorrow, such a concept although abhorrent is not beyond the realms of possibility. Yet the thug offers for many ironically a perverse sense of protection, protection should one follow their worldview, their creed, indeed, should one side with the yob then one is able with strength of numbers to impress upon even more people ones own particular stance, or position, yet it is never the thug who manipulates opinion but the choirmaster who leads the orchestra.
1410 D-I/31/2002. “A Survey of Constitutional Documents.” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Can't believe it's been this long since I've posted. Nope, not on vacation in some exotic land. Working my tail off is what I'm doing. Miss you all though but still reading your posts. Let's hope all this hard work and sacrifice pays off and soon. Sure, the joy should be in the process but it's not. And yes, that should tell you something. Though we have made some decisions lately that have resulted in us taking some control back over our lives. So here's to that!
I have a friend that has an amazing musical ability; I’ve watched her listen to a song or a piece of music, then sit down at the piano and play it again perfectly! She doesn’t find this amazing as I do, she has often said in answer to my astonishment, that anyone who loves music certainly has the ability to do the same. (I beg to differ)
Sweat beads on my brow and I gasp for breath. My hoodie is torn and blood gushes from a gash on my ankle yet somehow, I manage a dazzling smile as The President enters.
Extra Entries (each one = 1 entry unless otherwise stated):
While the crust is chilling, cut your mangoes into cubes, and stir your sugar into the cubes. Let the cubes sit for at least half an hour, stirring occasionally to redistribute the mango in the syrup. This is called masceration, and it'll help break down the stringiness of the mango and work some of the moisture out of fruit so that you don't wind up with an overly soggy pastry crust.
gets really, really stressed out sometimes when we are with big groups.
MM: Same situation in Philly. I always assumed Some Kind Of Wonderful by the Soul Brothers Six was a nationwide smash, as did Grand Funk Railroad, apparently, who were to discover otherwise when their version went Top Ten seven years later. Ditto Billy Harner and the Kit Kats. I’m still amazed that Call Me Lightning broke out in the Upper Midwest and nowhere else.
Even though it is maybe months away, I keep thinking about what I would like to do for the early part of my next campaign, so I have been going through my older game stuff for ideas. Over the weekend I took another look at my old and beaten copy of The Dungeoneer Compendium.
We had to vote on our favorites and it was tough because they were all so good. It was heartbreaking to see some of the students who weren't selected afterwards, but by the evening I think they had already gotten over it.
I'm tired of fooling myself into believing that I just need waterproof eyeliner, and no one will know what I've been doing all day. No one will see the brokenness inside me. No one will know.
Ok this rant went further than I had originally planned. Now I’m pretty much guaranteed to offend someone. Oh well. Bring it!! Haha oh my…probably not the best thing to say to someone. Anyways next week is my last week of classes.
I published a middle-grade mystery with Infinity Publishing. I was very pleased with the end result. They were very helpful and responded to questions within 24 hrs and I liked the finished product, which they print on their own equipment. I would use them again.
Now I'm listening to music from Lord of the Rings as played by E. So haunting and beautiful. It's a piece I just thought I'd always hear on CD. But now my daughter can play it on her piano. Wonderful.
And laziness.
My workhorse self opened a few documents today. Then my lazy self showed up and said Whatevs. So that was the end of that. But not before I went through some self-judgment about laziness.
1lb ground beef, browned (or turkey sausage)
I would recommend When God Was a Rabbit. It’s a heartfelt tale about growing up in modern Britain and about the intricate structure of family. It celebrates the struggles of ordinary people and their daily lives. When God Was a Rabbit is a brave story that does not shy away from describing pain, problems and disappointments; but the story’s overarching theme is love. Complicated, everyday love and how it changes…but above all, how it endures.
And the DAY BEFORE...guess what?!? A PACKAGE ARRIVED FOR MOI!!!
For every place where rum is manufactured, there exists a different, usually very traditional distillation procedure that characterizes the product. That is why so many styles of rum exist--why Haitian rum tastes different than Martinique rum. Traditionally, in Jamaica, a portion of the material left over in the still after a distillation run, called dunder or setback (for all of you sour mash whiskey lovers), is collected and added to the next batch of mash that is fermenting. This process introduces the slow-acting wild yeasts used during the fermentation process, wards off other unwanted yeasts, and maintains consistency across a product line. But this also creates a lot of the funkier flavors that Jamaican rums are known for. Limings, the scum that forms on the surface of the molasses during the sugar extraction process, can also be added for additional pungency, as well as other things like cane juice, or molasses. Additionally, many Jamaican rum distillers blend spirits produced from a pot still, which typically produces more congeners and thus fuller flavors, with spirits from a column still to create a bolder rum. All of these factors work together to create bolder, more pungent flavors that are more challenging and eye-opening. But my goodness Jamaican rum is delicious.
Love be, do know
Tomorrow would be All Saints Day, All Hallows, but this day, All Hallows Eve, was also known as all souls. The restless souls, freed from the dark enclosure of the grave, would roam, seeking home and hearth.
Just to shake things up and get some attention, Mabel decided to play silly buggers on Monday. I was alerted by the smallest child that Mabel 'was making a weird noise'. On inspection, I had to agree. Mabel was breathing with an audible 'party blower' sound. She was also still eating, drinking, preening and chasing underlings. I gave her a thorough check over and could find no other issues. Placing the chicken kazoo on the ground, I fretted a bit. Mabel looked back at me, and spontaneously stopped being a percussion instrument. After several minutes of watching her silently mooching about the garden in seemingly perfect health, I shrugged and made for the door. At which point she immediately started up her comedy sound effects again.
Scritti Politti Wood beez UK
“Well without meaning to sound even more immature you started it.” I say.
Life Made Delicious made my search for fun Easter treats a snap. Not only do they have an Easter top 10, they also have a great collection of fun and colourful desserts, perfect for the occasion. I decided to go with these cookies, since I had all the ingredients in my pantry. They were a snap to make and Queenie had a blast helping me roll the dough, for the cookies. While she samples all the colours of coconut, I frosted our cookies, after they had cooled. Insisting she needed to taste every colour of jelly bean and Mini Egg, we slowly assembled our nests and commented about how beautifully they had turned out. Not only are these pretty, they are pretty tasty too!
So many changes when you bring one,let alone two babies homes from the hospital.
The set includes instructions for building 3 different types of planes or race cars, so the building fun doesn't stop even after your child has built it once. He can always take it apart and build again!
And as for me, I'll just eat my sour grapes by myself-- that is if I could only find a chair.
- WRAG’s Katy Moore shared this interesting report from nonprofit consulting firm FSG and Grantmakers in Health that looks at “the untapped potential for community-based funders to transform the cost and quality of healthcare in the United States.”
-David
But I have also become aware that I find it difficult to switch off. If I'm honest, I feel slightly guilty about saying no to things, or sitting around "doing nothing". (In other words, relaxing.) I've got past the stage where I wait for someone else to give me permission to rest (I'm not that pathetic), but I don't always remember to tell myself to take five.
3And the men of Gibeon, hearing what Joshua had done to Jericho and Ai,
Creational design patterns
Pocket Guide to the Outdoors: Based on My Side of the Mountain (2009) - Non Fiction
Now, my question to everyone is this, why do you need so much power? Reduce your needs and you reduce what you need to run, less power used equals less power needed. Switch to LED lights, no heat, no loss of power, and take very little energy. I forgot after Xmas time to go and get a couple of strings of Christmas LED lights to use in the Camper. Lots of lights and very little power input.
Just chocolate.
apparently begun the adoption process. CAIR-NJ has been informed that
No Conan tonight. That sucks.
Such a challenge might work out well, or it might not. If the movement turns away from the options for change that our constitution provides, though, things become much harder to anticipate, and some of the possible outcomes are very ugly indeed. Mass protest movements, as anyone who’s followed current events knows well, are quite capable of destabilizing a nation, but what comes into being in their wake is a complete crapshoot. It’s never safe to assume that the character of the protests will be reflected in the system they put into power; both the French and Russian revolutions began with lively participatory democracy, and ended in the Terror and the gulags. There’s no certainty that successful mass protest in America will go the same way—but it’s critical for all concerned to realize that it could.
“This special knot will serve to ward off any fairy trickery,” Hannah said hurriedly, “so long as you don’t remove the Cloak of Wheels of your own accord. It is of inestimable value, and many treacherous thieves would risk much to have it for themselves. If you undo the ties yourself, or are somehow injured beneath the folds of the cloak, the garment’s stars will fly away and return to their place in the night sky. Should this happen, the fabric’s magic will no longer protect you. Panther, this cloth was cut from the first fairy queen’s royal robe.” Lady MacKennon paused, waiting for her daughter’s reaction.
Tim Robins ……… Senator Hammond
I pour the coffee. It is morning. The lights slices through the clouds like a ladder. Oranges and pinks and weeping and hunger. Sometimes I believe in heaven simply by dint of the beauty above. Something besides the cold and emptiness that science insists are the only thing residing there, something like the beautiful essence of our collective conscience, should control that light and live there.
but then words jumbled around in my mind. sometimes, complete thoughts would actually form, which had become somewhat of a rarity. i wanted to write again, but it had been so long, i felt like i would have to explain and offer excuses. and that just seemed so trite. so i stayed away.
The two I've chosen have been the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network and Animal Rescue New Orleans.
This was the beginning of Israel’s downfall. Even crucifying the Lord of glory did not cause their downfall. We see this by reading Matthew 12:32.
158. His nickname is K. Li.
My day ended with my late grandmother’s wake. I took up altar service and helped the priest in the rites. He was a close family friend, my clan took him up when the parish was just small and he lived with us for a while so he knew the love story of my Lolo and Lola. My Lolo even corrected him in some of the details during the homily, they both where laughing especially when the priest mentioned my Lolo’s pet name for my Lola: Chuling. It was a heartfelt homily especially in consoling my Lolo that Chuling has passed away that he knows that she lived a true Christian life. The mass went on and by the time of the blessing of the coffin, my Lolo became inconsolable. He was terribly upset. He cried and wouldn’t want any of my Aunts or Uncles to comfort him he cried in his seat saying my Lola’s name over and over again. To see him like that breaks my heart but it also proves that love is eternal. They truly proved that love surpasses all. His moments of agony on the loss of my Lola repeated themselves every time he needs to sprinkle holy water on her. I felt the undying love shared between my grandparents, it was in the air of gloom and sadness that stifles my lungs. But beyond the sadness and glooms stood the migthy beacon of love palpable even in arms of death.
dimmu borgir @ Zeche Carl bochum, germany (1999.03.30)
2.) At night, I walk into doors and walls. This happens far too often for my own good. In my mind I’m incredibly stealthy because I think that I know the lay of the land inside and out, until of course I rip open the bridge of my nose on the thermostat. Then I’m just incredibly, irrationally angry.
“But he doesn’t even know the fuckin’ words. Why would there be a hobby on your front door? It’s not even… a thing. It’s a fuckin’ abstract fuckin’ noun. And it’s fuckin’ April. AND HE’S FUCKIN’ WEARING SLIPPERS!”
Last, I am showing some closer shots of some of the areas!
A Discerning Abbess
Christians pay respect and honor to those to whom they are due. Romans 13:7- “Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour.”
Seriously though, it’s going to be weird next year: new school, new people and new lessons. Most of my friends are staying on in sixth form at my current school, apart from 2 of my three best friends. There’s Courtney and Abbie coming to a sixth form college with me, but Anna will remain behind ):.
Boggess was driving erratically when she was pulled over.
Saturday: Bright and early wake up call so my little sis and I could toe the line of the Cowtown 5k...her first race ever! It was pretty cold in the morning and I loved that the race organizer kept the Will Rogers Center (just a few feet from the start) open so we could stay inside to keep warm and use real bathrooms! Yes, I raced both a half and a 5k this weekend and never had to use a port-a-potty. Score!
5) Handsome
Hae Ra asks Jin Oh about his “trip”. He tells her that it’s a secret but she wants to know. He lies and says he went back to the first day he saw Hae Ra. She’s mortified thinking it was the day she checked into the hotel, wrapped up like a mummy. But no, it’s the time he met her in the hotel room, worried because she passed out. She beams because that was also a fond memory for her.
Yeah – I said, 5 minutes.
It was overwhelming to see and touch the magnificent work that my great-grandfather did. I can't even imagine...all hand carved.
11 Plea 4:16
I have to admit. My favorite part about his story is him sticking up for himself and not giving into just researching any old thing.
All of the Rock kids are in school now and it seems that each one is having their own set of adventures.
At any rate, he says that the elections in Europe don’t say much about the policy concerns of the European voters, as the results are mostly about the principle that, “voters toss out incumbents and reward insurgents if the economy is bad, never mind the specifics of their platforms.” So, he says, France is not moving to the left but, yes, Greece is really fubar.
This week ahead is going to be a little bit of a test for me. I am heading to Melbourne for the Formula 1 on Friday and will be away until the monday. I have planned on completing my long run on Friday morning and either having two rest days this week (Saturday and Sunday), or if I feel like it I will go to the gym at the hotel on the Saturday. As I said before though, I am feeling pretty tired at the moment, and so an extra rest day this week would not be the end of the world. More concerning is how much food and alcohol I may ingest whilst away. Here’s hoping my willpower holds out and I behave myself!
“Well, no one was buying the book. We decided the problem was the cover. We called all the books back in, tore off the covers, redesigned it, glued it in place, and sent the books back to the stores. Sales immediately shot up!”
Also, her favorite colors are purple and turquoise and she loves the beach, so if you could help inspire me, please leave me a comment!
3. Can we form healthy relationships if we are denying ourselves our basic rights (such as food) through dieting?
I don't remember a scene in particular. But I wanted to keep it fast-paced, and at times it was hard getting exposition in there without being boring, especially in the beginning. Hopefully I did an okay job.
4. GANGES/CURSES/OR ELSE
Well, one more thing ~ WE GOT OUR VACAY BOOKED!
I'll tell you what I can, which isn't much. Basically her worker never filed the paper work to place her in our home though she had been there for over 2 weeks, this obviously is a big no no. Because of this and also when her worker told C's mother that she was going to file the paperwork, her mother objected to us being the home. There was also a million other things that were wrong with this case. I know deep down that this is the right decision for our family, and I know that C's safe (with the person who we were doing visits for) but it sucks a lot right now.
What is your dream vacation?
“You’re retarded. This is the best pizza in the world. It’s like….a stairway to Heaven.”
This crazy parrot-having place I landed in could not be more different than where I lived for the entirety of three decades. When I think of trying to put down into words how it makes me feel to to see a palm tree in my peripheral vision, I go numb. Which is crazy, it’s just a palm tree. What could be so fabulous and compelling about a palm tree that I cannot manage to convey its impact in writing? The issue isn’t the tree itself, it’s the unexpectedness of it. It’s purely foreign to me. A palm tree, to a girl who always lived in Tennessee, is an exotic thing. It is a large, looming figure of otherness; an iconic beast that exists in postcards and at the movies and on vacation. Never when you are walking the dog. So, when I see it out of the corner of one eye my chest brims with the thrill of not just something new, but a regular something new. Something different from what always was, and I can see it whenever I want. I just walk outside.
At least 7 miles.
This is certainly “Must See TV” so tune in to every network (except Fox News) this week at prime-time for more salacious details.
with my love humming
I love my man and as most of you will identify with; we blog-bakers want to show all our love with what we bake/cook in the kitchen. It was ‘our’ anniversary so had to bake a cake nothing short of gorgeous, both in taste and appearance.
I've now read many of Xinran's books and they all make me sad but this was the very first one I read. I have Chinese heritage as well, so this was special and important to me. I have two sisters, together we make three. This book was partially based on a true story. Simply and beautifully written. Xinran's books make me sad because she writes about some awful things that have happened to completely unsuspecting communities and people. I remember when I was in Hong Kong reading one of her books, I kept thinking, this could happen to me. These women were leading lives like I'm leading right now, going on about their business and suddenly everything changes...
Holy day, loving love
Kristine Adams
Does this mean all kinds of slavery are on the same moral level? Not at all. The Church permitted and even endorsed the “ancient” kind of slavery, whereby prisoners of war were made slaves. These kinds of slaves were not treated as sub-human nothings, even if they were at the bottom of the social ladder. According to one source,
The first was about fingerprinting. (And although the workshop was hands on, he did begin with some facts.)
Finally, here are some wonderful gifts available on Etsy …
Glasses: Waterworks – Aviators (slightly modified)
By Acts 15, there appear to have been some Jewish Christians that did not like the implications of Gentile salvation that Paul was preaching. Individuals from this group went into churches established by Paul and taught that circumcision was required for converts to Christianity. Who were these opponents of Paul?
However, the play has led Matron to a new great love of her life. In addition to her very own Elmer the Talking Mouse (Merrick!), there's the Narrator. Narrator is the teeniest, tiniest third-grade girl ever, a wisp with wire-rim glasses and scraggly shoulder length hair.
Later that night, aunts, uncles and grandparents came over for cake and ice cream.
Romantic. Is there someone more romantic than me? (looking around in suprise) I get very melty inside for such a brave, stubborn, tough chick.
Teenage Wasteland
So, here comes today’s break from doing spreadsheets and worrying about my next driving test.
We can say some simpler, broader generalizations, such as pointing out that an intense, lasting fire that lofts large amounts of radioactive material such as Chernobyl had seems ruled out due to the very different structure of these reactors. We can also point out that it is very likely that much of the resulting new fission products have been entrapped into water, for now, and of course this means that the amounts of radioactive fission products eventually and randomly released outside of the reactors and pools will be variable (rising and falling) as water escapes the confines of the piping and containment.
In theory, it's good to step outside our comfort zones and scare ourselves once in a while. In practice, it's really hard. I'm amazed at how hard it was to be on stage without a harp and read my writing in front of people. But I'm really glad I did. I think stretching artistically in any direction helps define and polish and deepen my main focus: music. And I actually think I could read my poetry again, perhaps with less of a before-reading freak-out.
We could also use a smart card system (instead of credit cards) in order to claim goods. We can reuse the checkout lines whenever we go to a store to track what we have taken to make sure we are entitled to it and work out when people have stepped over the line. This is no more than like giving someone a prescription that is to last a certain amount of time. Yes people could use it all up in one day but they can’t fill another prescription until the last batch is due to run out, unless they can provide evidence of some extenuating circumstance (e.g. if there is a fire and you need to replace everything). It probably gets a bit tricky when it comes to food, but we can see such restrictions in stores already where they sell food so cheap that you can only go away with so many of an item at any one time. Again though, if you know you will always have your needs covered it reduces the need to steal to survive. Also if you can’t resell items, say at a local market or on e-bay, then what is the point it taking more than you need when anyone else you know has the same right and access and has no need to go through a middle man. It will take the extraneous monetary value out of products and return it to its previous state where only its usefulness is the key.
You see where I am now.
Blood Singer Book 1
Because I'm scheduling this in advance, not everyone's cards are ready but there's a list of the Design Team's blogs at the top right. Please take a look at the rest.
All in all Darksiders is one of those games that will draw you in and build you up along with its story. By the time you reach the final part of the game, you will be ready for it to end. Not because you want it to, but because it carries you all the way with it to the end and like a good novel or movie and will leave you shivering with expectation, to find out what will happen next. Darksiders fulfils my one ultimate prerequisite for rating a game as great. It leaves me in anticipation, counting down the days and carefully watching pre-order dates for the next one. With action packed game play, interesting and cleverly designed dungeons, a good story line and a sequel following hot on its heels. Darksiders is a must play.
w/study guide PDF
For years, but now it’s down to days
Shortly after you're seated, a volunteer will show you the starters (I think that there are normally 2-3) on a tray and ask you to select one. After you're finished, she'll remove your plate and tell you about the options for the main course. If you would like to have cheese, you can pay the volunteer an extra euro, otherwise she'll bring a tray with dessert (yogurt, pudding, ice cream, fruit, or fromage blanc). If you would like to finish your meal with coffee or tea, there is a cafe to the far left side of the restaurant.
Two thirds of this delta falls in Bangladesh, with the remaining part in India. The Ganges, before joining the Bay of Bengal, meanders in this region and has thus given birth to this huge habitat. But all these information and much more is available on the internet. It is always just a click of button away. What I want to share is the beauty of this heritage site as I have seen it.
Cherie Priest has also created some great supporting characters. Raylene’s got two teenagers living in her warehouse — two teens that she is reluctantly responsible for. Her relationship with them is sweet and unforgiving at the same time, which gives the reader a lot of insight into Raylene’s personality. There are also some other interesting folks, like Ian, her mysterious client, and Adrian, an AWOL soldier hiding out as a drag queen. Adrian, in particular, endeared himself to me since he was so tough but had no problems being Sister Rose (his drag identity). I thought it was cool of Cherie Priest to incorporate this type of character without making any bones about his/her sexuality or choices. It took me a little more time to warm up to Ian but I liked him by the end of it. As a blind vampire, he’s an anomaly in Raylene’s world and it was neat to see how he coped with such an obvious weakness.
Some of the change was extremely difficult to handle. I used to drive out past the Cullman Times on 278 East towards her house, and the road was shaded with huge old trees. There were beautiful old homes lining the road and I remember ALWAYS missing her house because I could never see her driveway until I had already passed by.
I arrived at the hotel room at long last, exhausted. It wasn’t anything fancy- in fact, it was pretty drab. Cheap flowery wallpaper adorned the walls. An obviously fake reproduction of Vincent van Gogh’s Sunflowers hanged on the wall- albeit slanted at an angle. A mini box TV- something that I haven’t seen in ages- stood in one corner, lonely, crying out to be turned on, to be useful again. I turned my heart firmly against the television’s pleadings and began to unpack my luggage. Fifteen minutes later, I was done and I lay on the bed trying to sleep.
Joe Stange's got a major piece on session beer coming out in DRAFT magazine this summer; can't wait to see it...especially in light of this new post on his blog, Thirsty Pilgrim. He throws cold water on the whole idea that session beer is trending upward in the U.S., citing ratebeer.com data on new beer introductions over the past ten years.
Put the key to your happiness in God…
I still need to line the drawers and find some trays to put in them, so for now I'll just show the outside. I am thrilled with the piece and it makes a very unfunctional space, functional.
“Hi! How can I help you?”
Thank you for the amazing privilege of being a mother this Christmas season. What a responsibility you’ve given me as the “Memory Maker” of this home.
Sweetwater Happy Ending
My mother said that commercial made her remember a short story where a white woman gave birth to a black baby. Furious, the white husband accused his wife of cheating, but she denied it. Unconvinced, he divorced her. Years later, the man discovered that it was he who had an African American ancestor. My mom says issues of racism also intersect with issues of sexism as shown in the short story. She says that accusations of infidelity have greater consequences when they are made against women. She says that it is easier to accuse women of promiscuity, and the unproven accusations often are believed in with much vehemence and much conviction.
the ball of sight that leads that sheds the tears of Christ
david in Seattle
I have excuses, excuses and more excuses for my absence.
I thought the characterization in this story was good too. Cargill manages to capture Tom’s childhood innocence, as well as his simplified emotions and desires to be naughty. The mother was also portrayed with more strength than is often seen in females in abusive relationships, which was really good to see.
But I think I've grown up too much.
After Knorr-Bremse, but before Seagate - 48.2%
The surfing.
I just love Theresa's beautiful hand drawn strawberries so I had to use them for this card. I stamped the main image with Memento ink and colored it with Copic Markers. I traced around a Spellbinders circle die with a pencil and then cut it out with scissors but leaving the areas that had the stamped image. I layered the circle on some patterned paper, added a ribbon and then I used a strip of patterned paper from Petals and Wings paper pack underneath. I inked all edges with Tea dye distress ink and sewed around the edges of my card. Finally, I stamped the birthday sentiment from the set and added some rhinestones.
Today I resolve to do better. To stop judging people based on their choices and instead start loving them based on their worth.
Interestingly, we had also gotten a video clip of a skunk (probably the same one) active in the daylight last week....
Shortly after, I became part of the Voice Found executive. Shortly after, Voice Found became incorporated as a non-profit and we’re now waiting for our charitable status. Lot of good things are happening and the wheels are in motion. I’m not of much use for all the corporate red tape babble so other than helping with the fundraiser efforts, the past year has been mostly Cynthia and Alex’s work.
if you're looking to give someone a giant gift card...i'm right here.
Also, the SQ between SideA and SideB is slightly different. Given KBs tapes are the same type, it seems possibly two different type tapes were used in a past dub. It's apparent when moving from one to the other that the high end output isn't quite as high and doesn't extend quite as far. The signal quality of SideB is still very strong and smooth, its just an obvious change like a HQ metal vs normal bias tape.
From that day to this the Brazilian beetle has worn a coat of green with golden lights upon it.
And, for the most part, I have done really well.
All the hair priming, nails, dress and tux alterations, dinner reservations…I think you know what I’m talking about…Prom season is here! With all the stretch limos and flashes of cameras, you’re bound to run into a giddy bunch on the way to the dance. To some, this is the most important and best event in high school, but to others they wish they could spare the night… but hey at least it’s a memory!
(Polen, J.) Appellant, Dilcia Osorto, appeals the trial court’s final order granting summary final judgment through a final judgment of foreclosure. We find in favor of Osorto and hold that the trial court granted summary judgment prematurely where there were outstanding discovery requests. As such, we reverse and remand for discovery to be completed.
Not normally his kind of hangout—he prefers the Pink Salon with all the beautiful people, not bars like this one that cater to the male, blue-collar crowd right after work—he’s surprised when a human waitress catches his eye. Her black mini and ankle boots make her legs go on forever and her sultry dark hair skims her shoulders. She’s curvy in all the right places and he finds himself wondering if she likes to party.
utterly despoil her. Oh Christ, as Thou didst groan concerning Judas, so
Pokemon Red and Dejected were arguably the best Pokemon amateur anytime fabricated until now. Pokemon Blaze Red and Leaf Blooming auspiciously accommodate these accomplished amateur for the GBA, abacus all the twists and annual that Nintendo has added to the mix aback their aboriginal release.
At the church on the hill-side—
“No, I didn’t.” I replied.
This may be my favorite Christmas decoration of all time. Besides the hand made ornaments my kids make me! I bought it in the summer many years ago at a garage sale. I think I paid a dollar for him. it is a Santa planter! Old, crackled paint, a few scratches that have removed the paint, but so darling! You like him??
feel my warm embrace
19. You Can Ruin A Man
“The writer completed a PhD in Middle East Studies from King’s College, London.” – This translates to “he sounds nuts, but believe him anyway”.
Of the sight, of the US Flag, that was always
“If the song is good enough to be played and performed in its original setting under those circumstances, it surely should be good enough for our children,” Greenwood told Fox News.
Harry Kellar’s official successor was a man who billed himself simply as “Thurston” (his first name was actually Howard). Like Kellar, he made the leap from religious devotion to the itinerant life of a performer cheerfully and in a heartbeat. At age 20, after having been a missionary in upstate New York for several years, he chanced one day to see Herrman the Great perform in Albany. He was so impressed that he actually stalked Herrman a bit, following him onto a train and spying on him all the way to Syracuse, where he watched him perform yet again. The die was cast: Thurston would be a magician.
I gain
Liz was the model bride, and was SO happy!
09 In a Sweat (Native Lab, WMF Lounge, Berlin 8.9.2001)
As I wrote back in February, the Pew Fiscal Analysis Initiative found that long-term unemployment rates were highest for older workers — and had increased exponentially.
It’s a very small release this week. Just two images but they are beautiful!
Close to my heart, yes…
Other - Spellbinders Plain Ovals (large & small), Labels 18
Not family- people you have to be surrounded by.
OPTION #3: Pagan Kings
Security:
Scott drives a truck full of ink, one so big I could never, ever, ever drive it on the Pennsylvania Turnpike without knocking out cement dividers and wreaking havoc. His route includes the northeast. We live in central Jersey & he drives into North Jersey, so we’d never managed to get together until this matchmaking situation. I only saw him when I made the drive to KY, then he’d want me to drive 90 miles further to his house out in the middle of nowhere. When I say “the middle of nowhere” I mean he doesn’t get telephone reception. WTF?
The Tobacco Industry to be precise:
When we are away from the busy streets and hustle and bustle of city life and are in natural environments, our bodies feel this frequency. This is why nature and being in nature has a profound healing effect on us. Our bodies resonate with the heart beat of nature and our brain waves shift to theta state. Our brain waves vibrate at the same frequency as the pulse of the earth. Our hearts beat as one.
Everyone needs encouragement. Sometimes an idea or suggestion can make you think about something in a new way, or inspire you to try something you haven’t tried before. The hope is that this booklet will help you to think about the amazing vocation that you have as parents. It may give you some ideas for your own family life. It may simply help you to appreciate more what you are already living.
But in a way, the sore muscles feel good. It's a reminder that I'm working on something that is important to me. I don't know that to do about the sore brain though. So many expectations.
So amazing
1)Smoke black
Mr Blair who has been criticised for accepting Mr Murdoch’s invitation and offer of a free return flight, told reporters in Sydney: “We’re not here to flirt with anyone, we’re simply putting our case.
Here are a few ways to help our hometown girl stay on the charts:
I have gained mastery over the waters
But the Palins say Levi is full of moose droppings … telling us, “We are disappointed that he continues to tell falsehoods about us to garner media attention. We encourage Levi and all non-custodial fathers to be fully engaged and to positively and fully participate in their children’s lives. This includes not making misstatements about his child’s grandparents.”
The Board has provided $168.4 million in public school library aid over the last five years. School librarians in each district use the money to purchase books, newspapers and periodicals, computer hardware and software, web-based resources, and other library materials.
Continue screaming as shirt is taken off. Don’t stop. You’re serious about this shit. You’re very, very serious. Scream. This is serious. This is North Korea of serious.
Tamitha Freemen, 35, New York, N.Y.
or try-
These birds taste different. Will says his animals are athletes. They aren’t sick birds crammed in a cage. They hunt and peck. They have muscle. They have flavor. White Oak Pastures chickens are little dinosaurs. This doesn’t come without cost. Will explains that while his beef is about 25% more expensive, the nature of the chicken production creates a situation in that the chicken is at least 100% more expensive.
It's by the same author who wrote American Wife, which I loved! I'm not very far into the book yet, maybe 1/3 of the way- I have to read bits and pieces throughout the day when I can. But so far I think the writing is great, and Sittenfeld has done a great job recreating the painful, yet laughable awkwardness of teenage years. There is a scene where the main character is sitting next to a boy she has a crush on in a movie theater that I thought was spot on!
Dogsland is a squalid, medieval society, which does not tolerate anyone with demon blood. The tale follows a priest and priestess, demon-hunting "Walkers" who wear wolfskins and can transform into wolves. They are pursuing Rachel Nolander, a half-demon nomad, tracking her using memories drawn from the dead skull of her former lover Jona. The book begins with a series of flashbacks to Jona's memories, which is a nice way to introduce the story and characters, although the effect is somewhat diminished by the fact that Never Knew Another began the very same way.
Pro's, Spec's & Prisma's
So, I will probably do what I do every time someone hurts me bad enough to make me cry; go through and delete even more facebook friends. Last time it was some shit who thinks feminism is the downfall of America and “slavery isn’t that bad if it’s done right.” I shit you not, and believe me his ass was gone so damn fast. The time before that I was called an apostate, a heretic, an idiot, a fool, arrogant, and a pig (all by the same religious prick). And every time I don’t just delete that person; I delete everyone like them in temperament and in political and religious views. Because that is the one area in which people decide it’s okay to suspend my humanity and treat me like horseshit.
3. Spirituality: study, practice, teach.
Tramaine ~ Fall Down (Spirit Of Love) ~ A&M ~ 1986
I’ve mentioned before that I am a tried and true, dyed n the wool, Meyers-Briggs tested, idealist. This changes being an idealist from what I am to it being who I am. There is a big difference. There are any naturally happy, optimistic, people who try to find the positive is most situations, but these happy-go-lucky folks are not true idealists. They don’t ache to the bones over injustices in the world, and they seem to come to terms with “Life isn’t fair,” pretty easily.
Just wanted to remind you all, if you haven’t already done so, please stop by and check out Cara and my new Etsy shop, Garden Laundry, selling vintage bedding and linens. These are a super duper source for upcycling vintage fabrics.
What would you do if/when you met them?
My parents got into the coupe and my sister and I got into the rumble seat. We drove to downtown Cincinnati and the hub of the city around Fountain Square. The night of V-J Day was absolute bedlam with people crowding the streets, hanging out of windows, cruising around in their cars wasting valuable rationed gasoline, and screaming at the top of their lungs. This seemed to be a purely spontaneous celebration – no speeches, no politicians, no music – and when we came rolling down the street in our aged car with the rumble seat, we immediately got everybody’s attention. At least, here was something to watch – not a parade or band – but something different to see. Even with all the old automobiles in use during the war, rumble seats were a novelty. My sister and I smiled, waved and enjoyed the attention.
Harder is deciding specifically what typesizes to choose for levels of information such as major headings, text headings, text itself, page numbers and so on. There are a number of existing systems that can help. Consider the following examples.
The Journal is not Really Finished ,still needs some glazing and and some cool paper on the inside cover ,Maybe a little gold Rub N Buff on the nail heads , Then you know Some More of the USZHHHH,
Every now and again I peruse my WordPress dashboard. I want to know just how many people read this blog, some days it’s even tens of people. I’m usually tickled at the world map that shows where people are reading this blog. I feel so special when it’s outside of The States. Yeah, I don’t get out much. I look over the different search terms people used to find my blog. It almost always has something to do with dirt or pennies and lemon juice. And that makes sense. I have a boy, that explains the dirt, and we did do a thing with pennies and lemon juice.
My heart is clean.
It’s a train. Heading towards us. Everything is illuminated and extremely loud and incredibly close, and now the train is above us. There’s no sound. It’s mute. All that goes off is the shaking and this high pitched ringing. I look to Logan and he’s screaming his head off. Yodeling like he’s on top of Old Smokey. I could imagine him in Ledorhosens with an erect blow horn saluting “RIIIII-COOOOO-LAAAAA!”
Anyway, Luke got out at 6pm tonight. They told her that she had to go to the pharmacy, and get him his medicine for an evening treatment. So we were headed to the Army hospital to use their "in patient" pharmacy to get his prescription filled. We were 2nd in line, and there was NO one at the counter. The chickie in front of us rang the buzzer, but no once came. Some army guy doctor/nurse came down the hall behind us, and asked if we'd been helped. No, we tell him. He says he can help us. So he goes to the window, dings the bell, just like the chickie in front of us.
I need HELP! Here is the inside of the card. Says "Wow" but what should it say? I was thinking like "Wow" "Your the Greatest" but I want something better and I know my followers can help me with this.
As a major civil rights challenge, Gill is the sort of case in which historians could make a contribution, partly because claims made by advocates of the law are historically shaky, partly because DOMA was all but historically unprecedented (the Supreme Court has sometimes taken a more skeptical view of laws that target minority groups and lack historical precedent). But it was remarkable to see a Group of 88 member—someone who proudly thumbed her nose at basic principles of due process in 2006 and 2007—boldly embracing due process in 2011. It would be a little like a longtime ACLU activist signing onto a brief defending Guantánamo Bay.
Until then I would like to express my respect for the gentleman pictured to the right of the photo. I love you man. I love your hair, I love your 20 year old grey jeans that presumably one day were black, I love the badges on your jacket and I love more than anything the tie. I love that you believe wearing a tie with that outfit makes it somehow “smart”. I love it. I love it. I love it. I want to be there with you now having a pint of pongy ale and learning all about great pubs and proper beer. Don’t for one minute think I am taking the piss. I really am not. I really fucking would love to get away with getting up in the morning, dressing like that and nobody telling me that it wasn’t perfectly okay. You my friend are a free man. The rest of us are slaves. We are slaves to convention, to rules, to acceptability, to the comments of friends, lovers and employment bosses. You walk among us as more than a number, you are a free man and I want to be able to call you friend. Respect also to the old guy in trainers. Bang tidy old chap, is that lout in your glass?
10. Petur Ben - "White Tiger"
People: Glory to you, O Lord.
Thanks for your honesty!!!
This is after delegates at the annual conference of the Public and Commercial Services union (PCS) agreed to a strike ballot of more than 250,000 civil servants for industrial action, with the result due next month. Add a financial collapse to that and we could be in for an interesting time.
Of Denver Broncos
Super cool. What a great day!
from the military services and homeland security to several unnamed “agencies.” Naturally, I am encouraged by the fact that some of the most serious-minded men and women on the planet are very interested in well-grounded projections of diverse possible futures - not only mine, but those of several other "science & sci-fi guys."
i miss someone i never knew. i wish you had come home safely. i wish the people who loved you never had to find someone standing on their doorstep to turn their world upside down. i wish your life hadnt ended so casually and cruelly thousands of miles from home. i wish that, 41 years yesterday, you had kept flying.
Seattle will most likely drop Charlie Whitehurst and may bring in a veteran QB via trade or FA. Russell Wilson, provides some accuracy inside and outside the pocket with decent arm strength and addresses the need to push both Tavaris Jackson and Josh Portis. The Seahawks stressed they must address the defense and add competition at QB. This draft addresses those needs and provides depth for the future.
Officially a chapter closed, in reality this troubled country still lives in a climate of agitation, anxiety and palpable corruption.
Well for any of you who have kids and an imagination you know where this led.
white subway tile and new granite countertops in kashmir white.
You see, ever since I heard about Hunger Games and Twilight, I have told anyone and everyone who would listen (and even those who would prefer not to listen) that this type of fiction is reprehensible. It is a slap in the face to real authors. It belittles the time and effort they spent to create very real, almost livable worlds out of thin air. I have asked my other friends (not C,K, and P) how they can look at themselves in the mirror after saying ‘I’ve read Hunger Games’. I have never gotten an acceptable answer. Here is where I would usually spew off a couple paragraphs of Marxist rants, but I will spare you that for now.
History has written all over the sands of the Maghreb of North Africa, and Libya in particular. It has always been under the thumb of one empire or another- from the Romans, the Spanish, the Vatican’s Knights of Malta, the Ottomans, and Mussolini’s Italy.
(11th); 2000 Stormy Passage (Fell 22nd); 2001 Lance Armstrong (PU 19th); 2002 Murt’s Man (PU 17th); 2003 Gingembre (PU bef 24th); 2004
I have one of my New Years resolutions: TO BE DONE WITH CHRISTMAS PRESENTS BEFORE HALLOWEEN!!! This year has been so crazy. I have a million things to do and I'm so behind in everything. A few years ago, I did my shopping all year long and had everything ready by Thanksgiving and it was so nice to just enjoy December instead of STRESS! stress! STRESS! I want Christmas to be a time of reflection and enjoyment. Not a season of the kids wondering if their mom is going crazy.
A perspective of an average Filipino
40. Reading what I write and giving me honest feedback.
Acquired from: gift from mum, April 2012
shooting capabilities,
President of the United Way receives a $375,000 base salary (U. S. funds),
To post here a little limerick
These muffins are delicious and I think they are a great idea for breakfast on Christmas morning; on top of that I thought you deserved a simple recipe – one that doesn’t require making custard, soaking and processing dates or waiting for hours for cookies. :D
So just gonna keep truckin',
Take the time to look at your part-time job. The fact you have managed to keep popping into work and focussed on your degree is an achievement in itself. Pat yourself on the back – you’ve earned it. So look right there is a little thing called ‘time-management’ (essential in any field of work) on the job description. Think up a great example of when this has been crucial and tick that off the list!
Here's a list a tools and supplies I used:
Apparently copper has become a precious metal – gold and silver better watch their backs! There’s been a series of copper thefts in Portland, Grimm with the latest leaving two barbecued bodies behind.
top of your head for decades.
i'll spare you the iPhone photos i snapped for the vet.
But I'm thinking of what Sarah said that "Love is watching someone die"
It's pretty well known, in my immediate family at least, that I am prone to be a worrier, and at times my worrying becomes, well, a more worrisome anxiety. And for me, having relatives dealing with mental illnesses, especially my son, my worrying has really been put to the test. One of the reasons for writing this blog, besides having family members be able to keep up with what's happening in an anonymous sort of way, is to explore how mental illness affects the whole family.
Those big blue eyes meet my own as the tears stream down. She tries to scratch, as I bat her hand away.
Number screening for messaging and calls
Have a great day divas
Therefore, there should be a designer of the balance visible everywhere from our body to the farthest corners of the inconceivably vast universe. So, who is this Creator that ordained everything so subtly and created all?
Exemption – Public Cemetary Party
“His demands have risen! Tigerli is very enthusiastic about the toy lion! He plays “Solomon” with the King of the Animals!”
The New York Times is an evil institution who holds your best interests in contempt. They have taken the philosophy behind their do-gooder credo "To comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable" to sickening and psychotic extremes.
But if we take out the word “church” and actually read how it was understood by the early writers of the NT, we can gain some real insight regarding God’s expressed will for His gatherings. We will find the mystery of meeting “in His name,” uncovered, unvarnished, unplugged! We find that in such a gathering there is freedom for the Spirit to use whom He wills ( I Cor. 12:7). “Where the Spirit of the Lord,” Paul wrote, ”there is freedom.” (2 Cor. 3:11). That “freedom” is a functioning priesthood of all God’s people. By the way, the word “people” in the Greek is “laity.” Do you recognize that word? Unlike the common understanding of the “laity” as the “listening class” or “spectator class” of Christians, we find something radically different in scripture. What we find is that all the people (the laity) are co-participants in these meetings.
- Anal sex in restrooms
Rynn Williams, 47, a poet, and mother of three, died at her home in Brooklyn “of accidental causes.” She could be any one of us. According to statistics from the Centers for Disease Control, accidents are the fifth leading cause of death for Americans, with 121,599 who died this way in 2006. (The top four, in order: heart disease, cancer, stroke, chronic lower respiratory disease.)
Perhaps the most direct statement of the basic nature of property rights in the United States came from General William Tecumseh Sherman, responding to complaints from Georgians regarding their property in his “March to the Sea” from Atlanta to Savannah: “You must first make a government before you can have property. There is no such thing as property without government.” However unwelcome this sentiment, especially coming from this source, might be among native white Georgians, the fact of it is unaltered. The “bundle of rights” is a product of the state and its power, and that “bundle” can be changed any time political power elects to alter it.
sliding through smelly allies.
Smith later in the article refers to “density trivia,” which unfortunately trivializes the issue. The details are important, because few people are against density at a site that could support some significant density; the question is how much.
First, do everything in your power to get a bathroom made of cleanable substances. When comparing toilets, for example, steer clear of the ones with many nooks and crannies and inaccessible places. Why, oh why, did anyone ever invent the cursed shower door? What's so wrong with a bathtub/shower combo? At least if a shower curtain gets gross you can throw it out and get a new one.
I have a ticket for the Zoë Keating show at the Aladdin Theater over in the southeast—a show that’s excited me since I first found out about it on the internet a couple of months ago. But by 4:30 there’s another hard rain, & I know there’s going to be walking & standing out waiting for buses, so this weather has to calm down within the next hour or so.
Day two in the Slimming World house and I have to admit, I wasn’t sure how I’d get on. For me, day one is always gung-ho, resolve is strongest, determination at it’s highest and fridge most full of ‘good’ food.
There’s no such word as can’t
During my freshman year of college, I took a 110 hour training course to become the most basic level of a licensed Emergency Medical Technician (hi, old BEMCO friends!). When I signed up, I'd been pre-med, but so was 2/3 of the Brandeis Class of 2000, and by the time the class started, I'd moved on to economics. But I followed through with the class and licensing anyway, and used my training in a very limited way while on campus.
The Obama administration is still hopeful that the manufacturing push will yield jobs and more American-made goods. Well, it looks like some of these efforts are paying off. Gradual improvements in the manufacturing industry made some changes appear insignificant, but economists argue the manufacturing sector has been a major and reliable source of growth in the economy since the Great Recession.
This is what God tells us in His Word – that God saved us and called us with a holy calling given us in Christ before the world began. This life on earth here is not a “contest” to see “what will happen” as the result of God creating man. Rather, it was decided by God before the world began. Moreover, we were there as God’s elect when this was “decided”. This was given us in Christ, as God’s elect, before the world began. I will go in to some scripture on that, but want to cut “right to the chase”. We see in this scripture that the purpose of this creation is centered in Jesus Christ before the world began. What will Jesus accomplish for us?? Through Jesus Christ, God will save us and call us (not according to our own works) but according to God’s own eternal counsel — His own purpose and grace before the world began. This, of course, is speaking of predestination being God working out His own plan towards His elect in grace. Yet, the scripture tells us more. The scripture tells us that this manifestation of our salvation and holy calling is manifested by the appearing of our Savior. Also, that Jesus Christ appearing abolishes death and brings life and immortality to light through the gospel. God’s purpose and grace is to save us by abolishing (destroying into nonexistence)… death… and “giving us beauty for ashes” as some say. These human bodies were made from the dust of the ground. And we know that at the Lord’s return, this mortality will put on immortality. We will gain new Heavenly spiritual bodies. We who are the elect, those called out and saved in this life, will put off this earthly tabernacle and put on the Heavenly tabernacle. We will experience the full redemption in our bodies in gaining new Heavenly spiritual bodies at the Lord’s return.
So here’s how it goes:
I have a shoot coming up in the very near future which involves Mona De Lux, some retro pinup/glamour, some latex wardrobe provided by Venus Prototype. stylist Masae Satouchi and....industrial plastic wrap....
*Watching Alana and James wrestle and play make this mama's heart proud.
For those who want me to explain exactly what the Occupy Movement is all about and what are the aims of the organizers and the participants, let me start by warning that the motivations are many, varied and seemingly inconsistent. The reasons given by some of the Occupy denizens during its stint last summer and fall fell into different categories from change the world to just wanting to join the party. Quite a divergent pair of motivations which leaves tons of space to fill in the space between. There will be those true believers who are honestly out to change the world. They believe that they are part of that mythical 99% who are being denied their fair share by that evil, money stealing 1%. They feel that America as the land of opportunity is a total farce and that nobody gets an honest chance to chase their dream or make it through hard deal. Then there are the pet cause demonstrators who are there simply to tout their special cause. This is a normal subset of most liberally themed demonstrations where, no matter the advertised cause or theme of a demonstration or event, anybody wishing to join and push any liberal cause is welcome and often you will find the same people carrying their signs for their cause at numerous events having nothing in common, yet they are pushing their causes. Then there are a fair number who are there to support the true cause, whatever the true cause is. These people actually come in two flavors, your professional demonstrators who are briefed on the correct talking points and will demonstrate any cause for hire, and then there are those who simply attend any cause because the group they hang with supports it and they do not want to be left out or seen as not a true believer which might threaten their good standing. One of the remaining groups is those who attend any demonstration as they treat them as a social event and nothing more. These different groups will cover the majority of those attending but have left out one group that are not necessarily actually a real part of the Occupy Movement but are using it to tout their particular hatreds. These people I call the endless haters who attempt to join anything where a large group of people can be found simply to attempt to convert the next true believer and to be heard. Often the organizers of most events will ask these people to leave and inform them they are not welcome, even calling the authorities if necessary to remove these unsavory people. On occasion they manage to get by and be part of the periphery of the event and all too often are the crazies that the press will give an undue attention which simply feeds their sense their hatreds are validated. I am sure I have missed some of the reasons and motivations which will bring some people to the Occupy Movement rallies and demonstrations, but I am sure they will become better known as if these protests do continue through to the late fall that nearly every angle, cause, reason, ideal or even insanity will get its fifteen seconds of fame on the stage of some news broadcast as simply by chance each will get an interview by some possibly desperate reporter or one with an axe to grind and this particular person allows them to make their point as if it was news.
Well, I made dinner for my brother’s house Saturday. He has two roomies and they all have staff on site 24 hours a day. I brought over peppercorn pork loin, cheesy potatoes, and a salad…all of which was demolished, much to my pleasure.
Ware's other major post-Corrigan project is Building Stories, which has mostly been published as a series of Sunday-style single pages or double-page spreads in various newspapers and anthologies. A lot of this material, building up to another sprawling long-form narrative, has been collected in issue 18 of Acme Novelty Library. At its core is yet another of Ware's sadsack heroes — a lonely woman who's missing a leg — but this is some of the artist's most formally ambitious work. Each of these stories breaks down the page into a massive diagram, often presenting the titular apartment building with the rooms within it as panels, while mazes of arrows and text weave around the page, directing the reader's attention in a non-linear flow. It's daring and inventive work, forcing the reader to discover new ways of reading every time one approaches the page. [buy] | [buy]
My intention was to present in book form the spirit of Nonduality.com. Hence there is a variety of writings from different traditions and fields of endeavor. It’s a good introduction to nondual writings and perspectives.
She gently pulled up her sari a bit.It revealed two tiny black palm shoes on her wrinkled legs. She jumped onto the cycle as the seat was a bit higher for her. I was worried she would be hurt. Stopped my machine and respectfully went to help. To my surprise she jumped again, adjusted the seat, smiled at me and started cycling.
I did find it interesting that the opening line is ‘I divide my life into two parts’ because to me this is a book of two halves and is also where it becomes telling that this is a debut novel. Debut novels tend to have a real thrust and drive to them, as this book does (though its technically Winman’s second, the first didn’t get published) for the first half which bowled me over. They can also want to say a lot, sometimes too much. Whilst Winman doesn’t do this I did find that when a friend of Elly and Joe’s was kidnapped in Dubai (in the middle of the book) and plastered all over the news, I started wondering just how much could happen to one family even in the most random or distant of ways. This happened again when John Lennon gets shot… on Elly’s birthday, and this occasionally seemed a touch too much. Then again sometimes that is life isn’t it? It by no means ruined the book at all, it just took a tiny bit of the magic off. I should comment Winman on the ending too as it was a risk, and one the reader sees coming, possibly as in my case with some trepidation, but which I thought actually paid off when in some cases it could have gone the other way. I will say no more on that though.
Also, how do I reconnect with all of my long-gone followers? I'll miss them!
I know a lot of you won't be able to answer this question because you don't think anything about them; you've never given hand crank sewing machines a moment's thought.
If anyone can do it I know I can.
The Tories need to start listening to real people, including their real members, rather than the media luvvies and metroplitan elite they seem to be obsessed with. I've lobbied enough Tory conferences in recent years to know that their members, on the whole, don't like Cameron's policies but see him as the best of a bad bunch, their equivalent of Tony Blair. At least they're back in Downing Street so they are holding their noses at the moment. When their best hope for winning the next election is that Miliband remains Labour leader you know they aren't confident in their own leader.
Analysts said the prospect of a new party, either led or inspired by Mbeki, represented a threat to the ANC, which has held a stranglehold on power since spearheading the drive to overthrow white minority rule in 1994.
All in the name of spreading the word about clean water needs in East Africa. We’re covering a school, conference and music festival, meetings with government type people, church leaders and old NZ friends.
Equally telling players that this is ‘the chance of a lifetime‘ is utterly ludicrous. The Olympics mean nothing in footballing terms; TeamGB even less. Unless of course, Pearce is advocating the dissolution of the Home FAs to be replaced by Team GB on the world stage which marks a betrayal of his employers that would make a Shakespearian villain blanche.
Waffles with peanut butter and rainbow sprinkles. Tiger "Paws" cereal in the strawberry bowl. My Little Ponies Seaspray and Sparkleworks looking on...perched atop She-Twin's step stool.
Today’s political atmosphere is quite different from the time of Weishaupt and the American Founding Fathers, yet there are still many similarities. While the Bavarian Illuminists purportedly denounced the political and religious oppression of the Vatican, a new kind of oppreession is taking form. As democracies merge into a single world government, as privacy and freedoms become replaced by “security” and high tech surveillance, as schools crack down on critical thinking, as mass media dumbs-down and disinforms the masses, as secret operations carry out crimes against humanity and as all major protests get violently repressed by a growing police state, it is easy to draw the conclusion that a similarly repressive system is currently being instated. Did the Illuminati truly “liberate” the Western World from the oppression of the Vatican or did it simply continue in its footsteps?
Everywhere I look
“For years the evidence has pointed toward the link between vaccines using DNA from aborted babies and the rise of Autism Disorder rates,” said Jim Sedlak, vice president of American Life League.
Is it really such an affront to traditional marriage for gay and lesbian couples to be denied a traditional marriage? Turning the argument around – if the parties are not deeply religious, is it such an affront to them to be denied a traditional Christian marriage ? (I make no reference to other religions in this piece, simply because I am not qualified to do so). British churches are full of marrying couples whose devotion to Christianity is, at best, shortlived and, I suspect, tenuous. Who is better in the eyes of God – a very devout gay or lesbian couple or a man and woman who have no real interest in or understanding of christianity ?
Sure, people also say it's natural to for humans to eat animals... It's part of the food chain. Just because it is natural doesn't make it right. Animals rape each other all the time... Doesn't make it right for humans to also do that.
Upon reading up on Hook & Ladder, they are based in Silver Springs, Maryland, and they donate a small amount of money to burn centers in communities where their beer is sold. So at the very least, if I didn't like the beer, I was giving money to a good cause.
Along with the encomiums accompanying the death of Christopher Hitchens—many of them appearing on this site—comes the predictable dollop of dissenters. Some of these, I think, are really motivated by an animus toward the man or his ideas, while some seem to be motivated by sheer jealousy. Others, I think, reflect a peculiar strain in the skeptical movement: if we’re to be skeptical about things, then by all means let us evince some skepticism toward Hitchens, too. Let us temper the shouts of praise with notes of scorn.
Failures and mistakes would be disastrous for a driven dog. Being behind schedule would be catastrophic. Being taken off task unwillingly would be intolerable for driven dog. But a called dog knows there’s something to be learned in the process of each of these experiences. A called dog is more concerned with the relationships between phenomena, and how these phenomena have an effect on the entire pack.
I just want to explain my process, since I'm not super confident in my display planning, in case others are reading this who feel the same. My starting point was a square vintage tablecloth I have that is red and navy plaid with a bit of yellow in it. I tried to stay focused on using only items that coordinated with this, or were white. For instance, for my crayon jar, I picked all the primary colored bits out of our broken crayons box, and allowed a few chalkboard green ones in too.
Jaws
would you please smile for me?
It’s Hump Day … and while Hump Day doesn’t mean as much as it did when I was working (when you’re retired, every day is the weekend), I still look forward to Wednesdays … because that means it’s time for Hopdgepodge!
emptiness with heat, and God help the people that harm her.
Thank you for visiting my blog and your kind comments.
I am thankful...that the weekend has arrived.
1½ cup navy beans (small white beans or any small beans you like)
"We're looking at 80 year-old Tea Partiers who scream about small government, while they collect their entitlement checks. Politicians making speeches about cutting the deficit, while they refuse to talk about tax revenue or cut a gargantuan military," says Morris. "They say they want a strong defense, while supporting a web of military commitments that does everything except protect ordinary Americans. They say they support freedom, but they want the feds to police your bedroom. I mean, the GOP is doing everything it can to avoid developing any coherent political goals whatsoever. So... some guy hollering about Obama's Arab spies and crapping through a drainage grate seems to be their best bet."
I'm hanging on to the empties.
It's always been my contention the Giants will live and die with this Offensive Line. Everything starts and ends with them. Having said that, the Giants are not only very alive, this patched-up Offensive Line has been doing extremely well.
In other news… There’ve been a good number of votes so far for my next EPIC VERSE – if you haven’t yet, make sure you get your vote in. I’ll give it a few more days before I call an end to the voting and settle on a topic.
N. Scott Momaday
Forefinger - converse, because those are what i wear to school!
This is simple – if your company name is Passionate Pigfeet, you’d likely choose passionatepigfeet.com. But there could be a snag. However unlikely, someone might already own the domain name www.passionatepigfeet.com.
Wed, Sep 26 Houston, TX Reliant Arena Sat, May 12
Qi is a fast-paced young adult fantasy that will appeal to fans of strong but conflicted protagonists as well as fans of mythological adventure tales. It draws influence from Slavic mythology, Dante's Inferno, and contemporary villains and heroes. Recently, it was selected for the second round in Amazon's breakthrough young adult novel contest, and it continues to receive highly positive reviews from both readers and reviewers. It is currently on sale for 99 cents.
7) Gas prices have risen approximately 10% in the last two weeks. Economists have predominantly blamed this on the mess in Libya. I'm having a little trouble with the math on this one. Libya produces 1.8% of the world oil supply and Saudia Arabia has raised their output by 8% to pick up this 1.8% slack. Why the 10% increase in prices at the pump?
They were both panting from exertion by the time Rissad leaned away to put a hand on the massive steel hinge - up close, Rel could barely recognise the thing for what it was, what his Viewing had shown it to be. Starting barely a foot above the floor, it loomed a good couple of feet over them, and the bracket that connected it to the concrete was a dozen feet long, several inches thick. There was no sign of wear, though Rel knew if he used his Clearsight he'd see the metal enduring many tons of strain. Just as it had for, what? Seventy or more years. It had survived the Realmcrash without a mark.
I've been open yet guarded about our fertility issues. You all are aware of our struggles but I haven't gone into great detail. But the Cliffs Notes version is that we have wanted and tried for a family for years. Our fertility struggles are great and we have had many doctor's appointments and treatments to try to help us achieve a family. We're prayerful, confident and therefor hopeful that God has planted a deep desire for a family in our hearts and He will show us how that desire is to be manifested. Whether we have our own children, adopt, or if there is a different plan altogether for Dave and me.
Had to call into work and figure out my life this weekend, and guess what I did.
Ache, ache for nations
Kate also enjoyed a sip of Harvey’s Bristol Creme sherry with the Guards in the mess hall with guardsmen and lance corporals before the celebration came to a close. Harvey’s Bristol Cream, an Irish sherry that is not served cold (as most sherrys are) and which is made in Bristol, England.
He came back a moment later and said “What is our e:mail address?”
This is a crossroad to occupy me for an entire day. It is so busy. So many people. So many scooters. So many bicycles. So many cars. All going in so many different directions.
10 DJ Food-Centre Of The Earth
This is essentially a 'painted-on-the-street' proposal and should be considered no more than a temporary placeholder approach until a worthy design that appropriately prioritizes and serves the park-going public is created.
Haemonculus (Venom blade)
Bacon, tomatoes and red wine.
And that’s the story of Procrastinating Pete. Don’t you feel more enlightened for having heard it?
Commitment savings are accessible in period with 12, 18 and also 24 months. As well as, there are lots of free merchandise and also bonuses additionally attainable as well as any Motorola phone smartphones. Typically the free gift items available really are mobile computer, Lcd Tv on pc, Disc Player in addition to camera. To make buying every alot more partaking you will find free perks also like free texting, free discussion skill and limited capital to come back service.
God the Father, after all is the ultimate leader; HE is the KING of Kings, LORD of Lords, maker and creator of the universe and lover of your sole. What can we learn by studying HIM, what will HE teach you as you develop a relationship with HIM? This article is a short list of some of the things that HE wants to teach you.
I’m not buying this. Now the car has to remind you you have kids? That’s the car’s responsibility?
Since fixture lists were previously refused protection under the ‘sui generis’ database rights, Football Dataco instead alleged database copyright infringement. Floyd J found that there was database copyright in the fixture lists but not ‘sui generis’ database right, nor any ‘national’ copyright (other than database copyright as provided for under Article 3 of the Directive).
This sassy little dandy doesn’t have a name yet but he’s the manifestation of what happens when I ask myself, “if my client were a fox, what would she look like?”
However, as an unregistered race, our performances will not appear on Power Of 10 records.
I’ve already settled on the café where I will be putting the finishing touches to book numero deux. It’s drenched in afternoon sunshine, has electrical outlets a-plenty (for the laptop), seems to be extremely tolerant of impoverished writer types setting up for the afternoon and sitting on a single coffee, has straight-backed chairs and serves ginger biscuits with its affordable-priced coffee. Result! And the fact that it happens to look onto the Louvre and across the Seine doesn’t hurt.
After a year together and some experience under their belt, the band released a 12-track album “Animals Are Out” in 2008. 2010 marked the release of the 4-song EP “It’s a Trap!,” and fans knew this band was for real. Tracks like “Crushed by Milwaukee’s Best” and “It’s a Trap!” will get almost every person in the room singing, whether they know the words or not. Keeping up to date, they released another 7″ EP in 2011 that contained 3 songs that stood for everything they were capable of.
She also tells me that she will have to make sure she has Sunday off and will call me to let me know.
“VANCOUVER – A booming gas extraction process that has environmentalists all shaken up is being probed by two different studies to determine if it’s also causing the depths of Canada to rattle and roll.
*Preheat oven to 375
Create an atc card representing one of your favorite things.
John Calvin said, “The chief duty of the church is to make the invisible kingdom of God visible to the world.” We, as believers, cannot go about this mission without digging into a myriad of interconnected issues concerning church methodology, the evangelical subculture, and the church in the public square. Obviously doing so can be controversial and I realize many sincere Christians will land on opposite sides of many topics. However, if a mantra of humility and charity is assumed and practiced, I think we can all use this space to learn, grow, and inspire each other in seeking to apply the glorious humiliation of the Cross to all avenues of life. Enjoy!
A warm palm on the skin of this earth,
And now this dear lady
Make sure your coconut oil is really hot now in the other skillet. The thing about coconut oil is that it doesn’t lose it’s healthy properties and nutrients when it’s heated up, so it’s better to get those healthy fats than traditional EVOO, which actually does lose some of it’s goodness- which is why it’s a smarter choice for you to use the coconut oil for cooking and the EVOO as a salad dressing.
Adrift on a sea of disappearing roads and I'm forgetting to turn off the lights.
Almost a month without a shower (basin baths don't count) and having a constant line of people outside George's Mom's home made for some long, long days in the village. We just wanted to get away. Away from the pain. Away from the squalor. Away from the hopelessness we see on a daily basis. Just for 2 nights. Just to relax. 10 mins after asking for donations to do so, we had the $140 we needed to go to Vision for Africa. $35 per person, per night and THAT was all inclusive. It's 45 mins away from here. George visited a couple months ago and it is his dream for our village here. By staying there, we were also helping build another organization, so it was a no-brainer. Our last week of 2010 is detailed here, through my Facebook status updates :)
In a large mixing bowl, beat the eggs at medium speed until well blended. Add the sugar, oil, vanilla (or coconut flavoring) beating well until well combined. Add the flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk. Gently stir in the coconut and pecans and blend well.
The moment your love for me started to grow.”
Thousands of hours of bellringing were conducted and more than $100,000 was raised through our volunteer and paid Bellringers. All that money goes to help feed and shelter and provide hope to your neighbors.
(And did anyone notice how many of these women are Caucasian? L. Scott Caldwell is the only non-Causcasian woman on this list. So there’s another issue to tackle- multi-ethnic and multi-cultural representations of women on television.)
It’s about happiness, simply. Happiness, and what you don’t need. Well, the article’s heading reads “15 things you should give up to be happy” but I’d prefer to angle it as 15 things you’d do better without to be happy. So what are these 15 things you don’t need then? In my words, you don’t need:
Nava finds his best asset in the work of cinematographer Edward Lachman, who bathes every scene in just the right tone and color, making the audience feel as if they're surrounded by a comforting glow.
What I'm using
General Robert W. RisCassi, USA (Ret.)
That questioned echoed through my thoughts that summer and into the autumn of my sophomore year when I attended a Young Life weekend camp. There, the entire gospel was shared—Jesus’ life, death, and resurrection, and what it meant to be saved. I sat beneath an evergreen tree and looked up into the star-pocked night, looking for the face of my Creator. I gave my heart, my life, my past, my pains, my countless tears, and my abandoned childhood to the Father who would never leave me, to the God who conquered death.
Coyotes. A fairly good size pack were yelping in the next neighborhood behind us. It's not unusual to hear them around here. We are in coyote land.
Over the years, he has refused to take his medication because he thinks he is being poisoned. He has been hospitalized up to 19 times.
Fortunately the carrot that dangles in front of his nose is sports. He is athletic and this is where he excels - and you can't play if you don't make the grade.
What difference did the -5 do to the head command?
Three policemen have been wounded in the operation, which is still ongoing, Gueant said. The suspect's brother has been arrested.
I am putting together a project and was hoping you would want to be a part of it. I am working with a partner of mine to create a book for adoptees. Each page of the book will include a member of the triad. It would include your bio, where you are from etc. Then the next portion of the page would be your message to adoptees speaking from your experience. Something you wish you knew growing up about adoption(adoptees), the frustrations about adoption, etc.(adoptees, parents) A love letter to your adoptee, the real story and feelings behind relinquishing a child, a love letter to your child(first mom and dads).
The white old man reminds me of Christmases past and cherished family members that have long since left this earth. He reminds me of my adored and much loved childhood dog and warm fires, Sundays in pajamas, homemade hot chocolate and baking with my mother.
General Najiya: Look at you! You are no longer a child, Fareda. You should learn to act your age.
Here’s the thing: as much as I hate what college has become, I know that education is still important. Let’s face it, I am not the entrepreneur type. I don’t have any good ideas that will out shine anything like Facebook, so I have to follow what society has put into place so that way I can provide for myself in the future. Acting like I am something I am not is very risky. So I am going to stay in school even if I wish I could live off of teaching kids piano from my cute little apartment in The Big Apple. Damn you, Hollywood for deceiving me!
Earlier this month the leader of the Oregon branch of Al Haramain Islamic Foundation, one of the handful of charities designated by the U.S. Treasury Department, was convicted on charges related to smuggling cash out of the country to jihadists overseas. “Peace activist” Pete Seda now joins the ranks of the other Islamic charity leaders living behind bars.
I need to reclaim me, recover my essence and be born again. I was left with nothing, and left to rot. I will remove this infection that remains in this shell, and fill it with who I was born as.
“Do you know what this is?”
- Nana (Rena’s friend)
These ones were spectacular! So delicious and the fact that it's an apple makes it feel almost healthy, except for all the syrup and the incredible fluffy whipped coconut cream. It's one of my favourites from the month. Check out the recipe here.
Melt butter and chocolate in saucepan. Add water and boil for 2 minutes. Mix in dry ingredients. Then add rest of ingredients. Beat with mixer until creamy. Batter will be a little thin. Pour into 9x13 greased pan. Bake 375 degrees for 30 minutes. Cool a bit before frosting. Don't dump out of pan.
by staying the same.
15. We are here
I often remind myself that skipping songs in my media player doesn’t fast forward time. It’s a curious habit of mine. Something that I always tend to do when I get impatient or just want time to go faster. I instinctively push that button that fast-forwards me to the next track. As if that would help me skip the waiting.
Someone I know here – who swears this is 100% true – says she was on the beach one day and heard two nuns shouting to each other:
And… she’s bringing 22 college credits from advance placement classes she’s taken in high school. So, that is going take a semester off- so we’re saving a half year for her (and she wants to crank out a law degree and those Law schools are big time expensive. And the college is 5 miles from our house so it; itll take the rent and food headaches away.
it's been very foggy.
Barack Hussein Obama has bowed before kings, leaders and dictators across the world (and it should be noted, one of the few left out was Great Britain’s Queen Elizabeth), but his greatest attribute might be bowing to accept applause that aren’t coming.
The holiday gifts I ordered from Vistaprint arrived this weekend! I go through phases where I am completely addicted to their site. I have lost way too many hours of my life because I was busy creating things for my classroom, my kids, and even my neighbors!!
Dahlia Dumont, Brooklyn native, with her band hailing from Mexico, Peru, Japan, and California, mix reggae, French style, soul, and samba for a groovin' dance party that still makes you think. It's sexually intellectual
I fall, we fly
One of the greatest things about Julie is that she describes very good the character and the places and EVERYTHING.Sometimes,I read about a place and I had the picture in my head.Well done,Julie!For me,that’s something important. J
The other attendees are generally large and medium sized European retailers.
Don't worry, names and places are always changed to protect the innocent. And the guilty.
Turn the oven to 180 C/350 F.
9:30 pm-6:00 am
Me again. What are your thoughts on Elliot's writing tips? Agree or disagree? Do you write as he suggests, or do you have other methods and insights that work better for you?
For mainstream music, this is pretty high quality. I will check out more of this record when it comes out.
Fortunately, I had two weapons in my arsenal that weren't remarkable in any way individually, but when combined, provided the perfect traveling drinking rig: The Sports Bottle and Jean Jacket.
Sarah gave me the excerpt back with her typed-out notes to take with me when we were done. Then she sat back in her chair and said, “So…what happens next?” I spent a good 20 minutes or so going over everything that happens in the book, after which she asked detailed questions about different character motivations, how hierarchy in the alternate world was established, what the weather is like there, how time works between the two, etc. The funny thing is, I haven’t looked back at Ellie since I wrote its first draft in November 2011. But as we talked about it, everything came rushing back to me, and I was answering her questions with the knowledge of the story that is in my head. Now, whether that is all evident in the book, or not, remains to be seen. But as I shook her hand and left, I felt pleased with and excited about the story again. It’s back in my mind, and now I have both the bare bones of a first draft to work with, as well as the overall tips I received from my conference with Sarah to help me move through the editing and revising process. There is something important I think I need to write first, but Ellie is definitely still in there. Maybe now she stands a good chance of being seen in print one day soon, as well!
Today the High Court dismissed an appeal by a number of film and television companies from a decision of the Full Court of the Federal Court of Australia. The High Court held that the respondent, an internet service provider, had not authorised the infringement by its customers of the appellants' copyright in commercially released films and television programs.
At this point, the first two are available to all jobless workers, giving them a maximum of 34 weeks — less only if they find employment.
Dice the candied fruit and soak it in rum and lemon juice. Put the gelatine in some cold water. Prepare a large bowl with some cold water and ice.
I just wanted you to see these two alternative covers for Wasted, designed by pupils as part of a competition.
Tony Blair’s Labour government opened the doors to mass immigration, with the express intention of destroying our traditional culture, which was so hated by the Left wing. The cat was let out of the bag by Blair’s speechwriter, a Mr Andrew Neather, who said they wanted “to change the cultural face of Britain and to rub the noses of the right wing in “diversity.”
This rupturing is not contained to the idea of the book, but also takes place on the graphemic level. Each of the four pieces that comprise this work exhibit a futurist/vorticist dynamism, exploding textual normalcy, which signification is made subordinate to the jouissance of visual dynamics. This bears resemblance to the calligraphy of graffiti artist’s bombs, or the logos of metal bands, where typographical aesthetics and excess subsume signification (take as an example of the latter the Xasthur logo, which, after the insertion of the central sigil, has become completely illegible). Like both of these, there is the remnants of a typeface, yet they are scattered, superimposed upon one another. There is no previous text to decipher, no history. There is just what this text will become in collaboration with a reader.
Wizards of the Coast also started a chain of retail gaming stores after the company's great success in 1999 with Pokémon, run under the names "Game Keeper" and "Wizards of the Coast". The stores were closed in the spring of 2004.
He turned around and produced a large turkey, plucked and stuffed, on a platter. ‘So you need to get a very sharp knife because you need to cut out the turkey’s soul and slay its ghost all in one cut.’ He slashed once and the lights in the studio flickered. When they were solid again there was a small grey-brown cloud hovering over the bowl of blood.
Aurelius peered down his nose at his docile burden. “You give up too easily.”
"Obviously we were taken aback, but we gave it a try and we discovered that we loved going and f***ing ourselves. Self-love is so important nowadays. Especially if you're an African leader, because God knows the people don't love us."
He said that it's because the Irish feel very close to their history, and the O'Neills were great fighters against the English and are cherished for it to this day.
Warrior armoured fighting vehicles - the only British tracked infantry vehicle used in Afghanistan - are among the most robust, and many have been newly upgraded with extra armour.
The first thing Stolik’s eyes resolved out of the haze were the bodies – four of them. Three German soldiers, their bodies bent and warped into unnatural positions before the darkened doorway of the shack. Stolik didn’t need to check to see that they were dead; how he couldn’t guess, but now was not the time. His nostrils flared at the scent of blood. He was glad his pistol was already drawn.
Did you say yes?
CLosER— CloSEr iN—
The empirical factor. That is, the objective observation of reality, and that an unavoidable conclusion derives from it: the Church and community institutions are not only incapable of preventing the decline of European culture, but in most cases they are active agents which collaborate in the irreversible alienation of it.
MT: If you could give one piece of advice to any other band trying to break into the music industry what would it be?
There is no doubt that cardiac transplantation is the only effective treatment for now. The one-year survival rate is more than 80% and the 10-year survival rate is close to 50% for transplantation.
So to the 21st century delirious fans of the Seventies Makmende Super Hero (recently revived on Facebook by the Kenyan musical group Just A Band) I say:
bhinnā prakṛtir aṣṭadhā
Who do you obey? Do you obey human authority alone or do you obey Jesus Christ? Our commands come from the written Word of God. They are as clearly set forth to us in the Word of God as they were by the voice of Jesus Christ to the twelve disciples. Do you seek to walk by faith and obey God’s Word? There is no other way to be a victorious believer?
Next Issue: We learn the fate of Stanley Harris and get to meet the DOGS OF WAR!!!
I'm so excited, and a little timid (admittedly), to begin praying and applying this verse to my daily life, but here I go. Thank goodness "The One who calls" me "is faithful, and HE will do it." Otherwise, I wouldn't have a chance! After all, the key to every resolution kept is the power of His Word released in and through my life. That's why my New Year's resolution is always something from His Word...because the Living Word in me can make it happen as I surrender myself to Him.
As much as Christian tries to put distance between the two of them, he can't help the emotions rising up inside of him. He knew it was pointless to fight his nature, so he had to plan around it. Could he give her up in order to save her life?
Amazing right? It actually comes with a mask for the pupil so if you want to make it a different color you can.
Just give me something-something I can use
Arthur Christmas!
Nearly five years after the FBI abandoned its so-called comparative bullet lead analysis, the FBI has yet to complete its review of nearly 2,500 cases where law enforcement used such evidence to investigate a case.
It was either this closet or the linen closet. And hey I may change my mind on that once I get to my linen closet.
Yesterday I went to Casa Marina down in Jacksonville Beach for my soon to be step mom, Janine! She and my dad are getting married on the 30th--so excited! :) We had a great bridal shower brunch. I had a lot of these:
That was a year ago.
FLEMING DM. The management of influenza in people of working age. Occup Med 2002; 52: 259-263.
Hello! I am doing a project for my women's studies class. The topic is, "putting the natural back into birth". I wanted to ask you a few questions for my research, about your experience with home births and hospital births if you have had any. If there are any questions you do not feel like answering that is fine or if you have anything else to add, any feedback is great! Also if you know any mothers who would feel comfortable answering a few of these questions who have had a home birth or two that would be excellent!
I have taken the liberty of putting in bold the part of the quote I’m writing about.
Hollande has already promised to renegotiate the fiscal compact signed by the eurozone nations or to 'complete it' with programs for 'growth' - which, translated means huge increases in taxes on 'the rich' and on corporations to fund massive government spending to create public sector jobs,build infrastructure, finance green energy scams and the rest of the usual socialist agenda. Apparently the examples of Greece,Portugal, Ireland and Spain haven't registered.
I am in the process of programming myself to understand what an Equal Money System is and how to live in an Equal Money System.
I need: a cup of tea and a nice long sleep.
I told my friend Johanna about this, but she said she still wanted an iPad. I asked her why, and she said, “What if I wanted to look at art books?” I didn’t fully realize the limitations of a black and white screen. I also wanted to look at art books, not to mention fashion books, cook books, etc., but I also liked the E ink.
DH chose their signature dish, Scalibut with Lobster Risotto, I, the Sautéed Red Snapper – YUM! & YUM AGAIN!
Zooey Deschanel will also star. The plot involves a mattress salesman and a young woman he meets at his store. One of the crew told McBrooklyn, "The guy gets involved in a lot of strange things."
Perhaps Mr. Levy’s professors should have spent a little more time giving feedback on his composition skills?
During the 1970s, Ikea developed a strong manufacturing base in East Germany with 65 factories producing parts and furniture.
Carambola, maracuya, pitalla, cacao, mani, hibiscus, quinoa, achocha… When I need a break from painting, I often switch hats and unwind in the kitchen. The assortment of straight-from-the-farm products never fails to inspire new culinary creations!
‘I’m dead and who cares. I’m dead and who really cares’.
3 returning
I then got a mylar blanket (thank goodness...at that point I was wet and freezing) and my picture taken (I'm ready to laugh at how awful I must look in that picture, I felt so dead at that point). I then had to walk about half a mile to the gear check area to get my dry clothes and meet up with K and Figgs (which while awful at the time, was actually nice, because it kept me from sitting down right away and cramping up even more).
2. Do you have any tattoos?
So we, rather I, (I could see him drifting off to the Lego in his mind already), had this big long monologue about all the ladies we know who have (real) jobs, about how I used to have a job in an office and cycle to work, about how men can stay home and mind the kids too…..he turns to me all serious and says
Oops...I may be overdoing it a bit with this joy of no crutches thing. It is 8pm on Wednesday and I'm already in my jammies hoping for an early night because I'm exhausted. That should be a sign, especially for this night owl.
We are looking for Guest Reviews/Reviewers. If you write reviews in places such as GoodReads, Amazon and Librarything, and love blogs but don’t want to have your own, or if you do have your own blog but would like to be a guest here, we would like to invite you to write a guest review or two for our blog. The main requisites are that you review a romance novel or fiction with strong romantic elements, and that the format of that review matches ours, that means that it has to be a detailed review. If you would like to give it a try and you think your style fits ours, please send me a link to one of your reviews at brie.clementineATgmail.com and the title of the book you would like to review for us. This is not a permanent position, so no pressure for you to come up with a specific amount of reviews a week or anything like that, just a sporadically guest review.
Mon, 12:10am: It’s okay. I will get through this.
nobody has faith in me
I have just a few more Christmas cards to share with you over the next few days... and sadly I have nothing else! I really need to find some time in my creative space! My niece left for home this morning (sniff sniff). It's both good and bad.... bad that she's gone but good that Alex can have his room back so my sister and I can take over the basement and craft a little!
Looking forward to reading more yarn along posts.
This past week was no exception - swinging on a big tree swing that Papa made (note - he never made this for me when I was small), playing soccer and baseball. The boys have so much fun and I'm pretty sure Nini and Papa enjoy it as well.
*Sob! I accidentally closed the blogger tab when I clicked on the Facebook tab to see who sent a notification and the tutorial was 3/4 done! Grr... Okay, now I have to re-type the whole thing! Where is the auto save when you need it?!
Keith N. Hampton, University of Pennsylvania. Pervasive Awareness and Network Diversity: How New Media Reinforces Place-Based Social Relationships
“Everyone wants their 15 minutes of fame,” said Tharaileth Koshy Oommen, a sociologist at New Delhi’s Schumacher Center for Development, a civic group. “People feel once they have world-level recognition, they’ll get more recognition back home. It’s a kind of anxiety.” (courtesy: Mark Magnier, Los Angeles Times & Tanvi Sharma in The Times’ New Delhi bureau.)
I see her smiling happy face lit up with love and gratitude and I feel blessed to have shared the last sixteen years of her life and look forward to many more. She was the first of my children, one of three blessings in my life that everyday I give thanks for.
As for me, it’s back to editing parts of chapter 1 and no doubt making changes to subsequent chapters.
And are a bit of a pushover, I suppose.
and you, too, with your great freedom –
Well, still got a ways to go here. The roof needs worn and missing shingles. The sides need some crooked and weathered clapboards. Basically the whole thing needs to get more haunted. But I'll keep at it and keep you updated.
Ten years later, SAGE (Senior Adults for Greater Education) www.beasage.org operates in 35 schools with 175 volunteers. Along the way, Beryl has established great working relationships with teachers and principals, and drawn in local politicians, corporate bigwigs, and legal eagles that love getting involved in this innovative win-win program.
As well as all the creative accoutrements you would expect to find in such a place, there are several other necessary additions which I find facilitate the artistic muse:
1 gravely
Began to reexamine her life. So much time
Now!!
Curious to see some of the ideas we're kicking around? I've been pinning some of them onto my Project B Pinterest board. I may even share some WIP shots this weekend via Twitter (@HoltwoodHipster). Are you following?
Besides London, Vietnam Airlines flies direct to European airports in Frankfurt, Paris and Moscow.
Total destruction of food production
I offered Bach, I suggested Purcell, I began Wagner, I mentioned Clarke, I even tried to sneak in Andrés...but it was always the Pachelbel they wanted.
Changed the diapers.
The only question I have now is how did J-Lo get my number.
After my awful experiences, I’d honestly say I’m happier being single than miserable with any of the guys I’ve when out with. But…there is always a but, I get excited at the thought of finding someone I would be willing to and is WORTH me putting time and effort into. But until that day, I’m enjoying being single and exploring life. Of course, being single does get lonely there is no denying that. There are times that single people wish they had that special someone to come home to or share things with. While you are waiting for your ideal mate, there are always friend and family who would love to spend time with you and do fun things with you.
Place 2 tortillas at a time on a microwave safe plate and cover with a damp paper towel. Microwave for 25 seconds, or until the tortillas are soft and pliable. Spoon 2-3 tablespoons of the filling onto the lower third of each tortilla, and roll tightly. Place seam side-down on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and filling.
and there are 43 which is the number of years my husband and I have been married (our anniversary was Nov. 24th). I thought that was kind of cool.
In such a way to keep the oil from spilling
Age: Subtract your actual age from the year you are portraying to get the year you were born. Stick with your real birth date, it's easy to remember & face it, no one is going to ask you when your birthday is while in character anyway. However, knowing the year that you were born historically, does help with the types of experiences you might have had. More importantly, it helps you to remember just how much of the era you've lived through! I am sometimes surprised to discover just how much of the late 18th century my Regency self would have experienced, or maybe I'm just older than I realize.
All email and other correspondence between Julian Robertson and his investors in which they ridiculed him or threatened to pull their investments out of his investment scheme(s) and hedge funds because of Al Martin's satirical column, as well as a list of all investors who removed their investments from Robertson's management due to the Al Martin parody interview column of May 30, 2005, in which said investors reference Al Martin's column as a reason for removing their investments from Robertson's management.
- Federal, local and municipal police must cooperate with federal immigration authorities upon request, i.e., to assist in the arrests of illegal immigrants. (Article 73)
Now we all know it's going to a great year for SCBWI British Isles at Bologna, with a bumper crop of authors - this pre-Bologna report in The Bookseller is riddled with SCBWI names!
And that is because of one secret ingredient.
My friend M. gave me two lovely handmade items for my birthday. The first is this adorable holder for purse size tissues. I love the black tea-themed print and the vintage button trim!
Nevertheless, the film isn't without its moments of visual brilliance, and some of the actors—most memorably Helena Bonham Carter as the Red Queen—manage to inject some life into the material. And whether or not you respond ecstatically or indifferently to Burton's reimagining of this time-honored material, it's still evident that this enthusiastically imaginative filmmaker has something he wants to express, even if one might not feel he has brought his usual inspired A-game to the project. It's no less "personal" than A Prophet...
How delighted was I when we moved here and saw that the people of Buenos Aires followed the French idea and planted Plane trees everywhere ?
4. I have met some awesome people that have become my friends
UPDATE: From a commenter Simply Wondered…(I have left the original typing style in. SW’s style is unique.. no caps
Anyway, he's now putting that comedy moustache to good use and joining it up with a little goatee he's growing as he and Chris Evans and I dare say a whole host of other people launch into Decembeard to raise money for bowel cancer charities.
What I was thinking about in the last few minutes is relationships. I think that most married people come to various points in their relationship with each other where they are forced to ask, is there room for change? If one of us changes, is there room for that in this marriage? If you see a marriage as a system, then change in one part will force a change in the other part. So, if I change, can you handle it.
Santa Jr. ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 PM
Source of prompt: First 50 – I’ve had the prompt tucked in my journal for a while, but never checked out this blog until today. It’s an amazing source of writing prompts and I highly recommend it for any writer looking for a little inspiration!
Three words, Ladies and Gentlemen:
And that's about it, a perfectly good piece of furniture for nothing, free ! and you can't really get much cheaper than that, all it needed was a sand and a good coat of something to feed the wood, a similar piece of furniture would cost quite a bit now, especially for solid wood.
During the 2008 campaign, Obama said that Bush-style Social Security reform “would gamble the retirement plans of millions of Americans on the stock market.”
Jamaica daydreaming. When I told my Aunt that I've just booked a trip for Jamaica she sent me an email with the line "I'm thinking of you wearing something cool and floaty that shows off your endless cafe au lait tanned legs, barefoot in the warm, white sand, nibbling on jerked red snapper, sipping a rum cocktail/icey cold Red Stripe, reggae beats pulsating lazily in the ganja-scented night air." Holla idealistic daydreaming! She wrote it to be taken with a massive pinch of salt, naturally, but I'm blithely ignoring any notion that this won't be the exact template for my holiday and dreaming of ice cold Red Stripe all the same. (This is a brilliant Red Stripe advert from 2002.)
She glared, the carriage laughed and settled back into her S-bend shape, chucking a Metro that impeded her comfort in my direction. I picked it up folded it neatly and put it behind her.
Let’s look at the 10 of cups and remember that this card – in archetypical terms – represents emotional happiness. O, how fleeting that can be sometimes and how traumatic when we believe that we have lost the source of it which is (of course) impossible to do, but still…. There we are anyway.
I started quietly singing a random song. Bennett says, "I'm not excited." I asked, "Not excited about what?" He replies, "I'm not excited about your singing."
her pussy got more game than the NBA
LIZ SIDOTI: "Why haven't we caught bin Laden in your opinion?"
There seems to be no escaping the madness that follows my every move, my every thought, my every breath. I don't know HOW to find my way out of this.
It's where I hang all of my bird feeders
A 4.2% abv Golden Ale, a nice floral aroma, well balanced with a hoppy, bitter aftertaste. A thin head lasted all the way down the glass. This one is best drunk lightly chilled, too cold and you lose the flavours.
Q088) The makeup that you can’t be devoid of?
1 proven
Favorite color: Red
Taking us back over a year ago, I want to draw our attention to the Student Solidarity Trust Report (SST). This report was in regards to a study into female students at the University of Zimbabwe which concluded that students had to resort to prostitution due to desperation. They were exploited by gardeners who promised them cheaper or free accommodation if they solicited sex, put into a position where they had no means of attending classes unless they made these choices.
And the same will happen in Britain because the same forces are at work here.
My niece went to prom this weekend. I did her make-up, helped her with her dress, and then watched as she and a group of excited teenagers took 5 million pictures. As I listened to their happy teenage chatter I started thinking about high school and all of the crap that goes with it.
The layover in Cleveland is of the precise length to provoke misery: Not quite two hours. Long enough to feel like forever, but not long enough to make it worth going in and out of security to look up any of the peeps I know on the North Coast.
Well as the minutes went by things got increasingly more painful......I hate to be a suck but VERY FREAKING painful......it was at this point that I knew things had gone wrong........shit....5 days before the wedding are you kidding me....I slowly made my way to a mirror and was faced with a shocking situation.....my lids where tomato red and you could see an area where skin had been removed......then my coworker says.....OH NO....look at you...that is going to SCAB!!..........Thankyou...thankyou....that is exactly what I needed to hear at this moment.........like hello couldn't you use your energy in giving my some hints on how to treat this disaster......instead of telling me about my looming scabs!
We may never end up painting the Sistine Chapel or chiselling a flawless Pieta, and we may never be remembered for writing the Divine Comedy. But we can still aspire to greatness in whatever we do. And that goes for agents as well as writers. "
We're finally back at Beer Towers after our northern leg of the pre-Xmas rellies tour and Tuesday night's opening of the wonderful new bar at Sheffield Station, during which I discovered my new favourite beer - a black IPA called Raven by Thornbridge. I also learned a very valuable lesson which is that thou shalt not drink Raven all night, even if it is in half pints, if thou dost not want the hangover to end all hangovers the next day. Not even a whole jug of coffee, 2 orange juices, baked beans on toast, cornflakes with sugar on them, 4 jelly babies, half a bag of Maltesers and a bottle of Lucozade helped. And I wonder why I need to go on a diet...
Are you all ready to see how a shoe organizer solved all of her hat and mitten problems in the most oh so fabulous organized way? Can you hear the pitter patter of my heart from there?
Acreage: 0.75
It's finally April 1st! That means in just 12 days, on April 13th, my mom and I will be heading down to Walt Disney World. Words cannot express how excited I am. This morning, my mom and I watched the Top 7 Must Sees in WDW together. Something about that video that gets me really pumped to tour the parks.
Amanda:"No I'm not! I followed your guide. It accept to be wrong."
Throw in friends and family and there you have it.
I finally went up to the mother and asked, “Is that your child?”
I don't want to waste time.
· Perry Como
Me: (Raises eyebrow) Why not?
I could so easily imagine suddenly remembering the night before Spring Fling that I had forgotten to make the penguins, I thought that I had better get ahead. So here are the first three rows of the Spring Fling Penguin army!
For example...I was at the post office turning in my passport information and the following conversation took place. (M=me; P=postman)
“Idiot!!! What the Hell!!!! NOT the new TV Guide!!!! We need that!!! I’m not reading a damn TV Guide with bug splatter all over it!!!! Use your head ya idiot!!! ……. Why don’t you roll up that stupid Wine Magazine you got over there by your side of the bed??!!!!”
We have now in our business and in the world a class of anointed theorists. Call them CWOs (Chief Windbag Officers) who do little, but say a lot with no accountability.
things are possible but none are actual. An electron is not a particle
If you three ladies would please email me,
*We are pretty much done with baby food! Yay! He is eating only table food now and getting better at it by the day! We also introduced whole milk a couple of weeks ago. He has a cup with lunch and LOVES it (just like he loves his water).
Seeta Chaganti — Associate Professor of English
"Um.... (baffled look on her face) Sure how about $1" - the seller replied.
The Centre gets mentioned in the Irish Times! Journalist Fiona McCann writes an interesting article, "One voice to tell a positive story", about how our organisation has been struggling since our funding was cut back in 2008.
One revelation that came to light at the hearing was from Christopher Amato, who served as lead attorney in the NY State Attorney General’s 2002 landmark lawsuit against the City, is that all 198 community gardens transferred to Parks (and more since then) were permanently protected by the 2002 “Community Gardens Agreement,” which he also helped author.
Now my former student have taking the black belt certification and told me to do it. So back to practice after summer holiday again. Then lets see if I’m going to move out to Jönköping or not. Maybe commute by car to Husqvarna ^^. Its a shame were my girlfriend lives don’t have Kendo school. Strange guy i am right?, maybe, its just thats what i love and like to do, my passion for Kendo are much higher than Taekwondo and other sports. Train hard and fight well, then meditate your mind and soul after intense training, is just what i love to do.
For families, this guide will enable them to make informed choices about a variety of medical decisions they may face on behalf of loved ones with dementia living in nursing homes, assisted living facilities, and other types of care facilities. It will also equip families to ask good questions aimed at obtaining the best care for their loved ones, including a handy checklist of comfort care measures to be discussed with staff members of care facilities.
Kiss my arse you surveillance generation,
On to week three…here we go!
i knew.
Me: And on the cover, a big fingerprint, because what could be more individual than a fingerprint?
Of course, what is unremarkable for one reader may be startling for another. An Iranian friend of mine told me that when he first moved to England for college he cold hardly resist laughing every time he met someone who was named for a color: Mr. Green, Mrs. Black, Mr. Brown, Miss Grey...
If you would like a .pdf copy of the instruction sheet I gave out at the meeting which includes fabric requirements for the table runner, a lapsize quilt and a full size quilt and a picture of the table runner layout, just send me a note at jqd@comporium.net and I will put one in the mail to you.
Pearl Jam just melts my soul, makes me want to get up and move and dance. I can just feel every note and lyric so personally. It also brings back fantastic memories of bonfires and partying with my high school lovelies.
That said, the plan is to go storm Icecrown Citadel and do a full run. Enough people for 25-man would be a hoot. 80 and up obviously. Also, this is Alliance side. However, I’m not about to neglect the Horde. Saintvache is looking for a few good (bad and ugly, too) folks for a venture of his own. You see, he’s not been to Karazhan yet and as everybody knows that is my absolute favourite instance in the game.
There is no "parity" here, even for drivers. The formula is simple: the more powerful "legislators" get more money for their constituents, and every driver is worth as much as 4.5 transit riders.
“You know there’s no dark side of the moon really, matter of fact it’s all dark”
I know that I should really know more about politics, but I don't. I know that some of you will think that I'm remiss for not knowing more and for going this far through life knowing as little as I do. That makes it sound like I know nothing, which isn't exactly true, buuuuuut maybe not that far from the truth. I really wish I had more time to devote to learning more about candidates and representatives and how things in our city, state and country really run, however my life is filled with lots of other things and I'm okay with that right now. I won't always have cute bottoms to wipe and bellies to fill all day. I won't always have to fit in crochet time and date time and blog time and friend time and kid time and me time and family time and meal time and school time and housework time and reading time and...I could go on and on. You know how it is. I am aware I have used the word 'know' a lot in this post already. Whenever politics come up I get all nervous and sweaty. I usually just listen and keep my mouth shut. Most of political discussion is opinion and I already have a hard time feeling bad about my own opinions when I shouldn't so sharing them with people who have really strong ones doesn't seem like something I want to do.
Van's Whole Wheat Waffles
Then today, a local radio station DJ posted it, and while I want to believe their concern was "that images such as this magazine cover are counter productive to all the work that's been done
They drive past the rows and rows of blossoms, everything green from the recent brief rain. The dusk hanging on for a seeming eternity. They talk around so many things that have happened of late, solar flares, the majesty of Jupiter, the delight of the rain after a year of dryness……. and then the healer's phone rings and her eyes suddenly become concern.
The ticking of the clock on the wall echoed throughout the empty room. She was the only test taker, he was the only examiner; Anya didn’t like her odds. As he sat down at his desk, the examiner looked at his watch for a few seconds, then relaxed back into his chair.
Smith et al. (2008) posit that cheek pouches use could also reflect the differences in the distribution of food resources (such as leaf feeding sites). Cheek pouches can be used to maximize foraging on extremely competitive resources.
Diving into the meat of the show, the episode starts off like this. Last episode we were left with the main character and the supporting cast having just wrapped up minor event, but this week opens with just the main character in a bizarre situation that seems to lack context, but sooner or later, you know shit is about to go down.
Disappointment, and frustration erupt,
Well, first of all, as of today, Corner Brook Pride Inc is listed on the Provincial Government's Registry of Companies web page as being ACTIVE. So, not dissolved at all! More on that issue later. Secondly, I had previously reported on this blog that I had been recruited by Corbet to be a part of a team that would take over the role of keeping this company a float. Needless to say, I was quite alarmed to read about Corbet's statement in the press.
I am, however, a soldier's mother, and that is mine to tell. It's mine to tell, and mine to remind, at a time that we've been at war so long that we're desensitized to the news stories, that tens of thousands of soldiers' mothers—and fathers, and friends and wives—are sitting down to dinner, or watching a random TV show, or just walking through a mall, and finding out what their soldier really went through, 2, 4, 6 years ago.
Starving 72-year-old Emily, near Nkayi, scrimped together a handful of cash for a 20km walk to her nearest miller's store – only to be told, on arrival, the notes were all worthless.
The dew of love
God save the Queen and continue to bless the throne of England.
The story is about a little bird who hatches from his egg and wonder's where's his mother and begins a journey to find her.
I wanna be like Him.
8. hire the best goddam financial advisor in the whole world.
I am keeping with my Photo A Day challenge with Fat Mum Slim. You can check out the list here and join in. Fat Mum Slim May Photo a Day
Dried or Canned Beans (Black, Kidney, Cannellini, Pinto, Black Eyed Peas)
The beauty of this piece is that we all found something glued to the oar. I just wish Steve had warned me that he was gluing on the crab. The piece had to spend some time in the garage to make sure the smell was gone before it entered our house.
28) THE EXORCIST – The Devils
I love The Office. And yes I realize that totally wasent at all funny unless you watch the show.
It's another step on the journey. Another step towards setting a healthy example for my family, towards feeling strong and healthy, towards wanting to set a fitness goal.
Henning
The six of Borko got lost in their own songs.
that they themselves are the rusted relics
You can follow my recipe to make one of a kind "Crisp Korean Beef Salad" with it.
Are you or someone you know an American Expat living in Brussels, Belgium?
New material includes a new stakeholder mapping section explaining the respective roles of the many international organisations that are active in the enforcement of intellectual property rights such as WIPO, WCO, WHO, OLAF, EUROPOL, and INTERPOL as well as a new chapter on organized crime in light of its increasing occurrence within counterfeiting networks".This work is priced at £225. However, OUP is offering a 20% discount to readers of the jiplp weblog as well as to those attending the forthcoming JIPLP seminar on Fakes in Transit (details here). To avail yourself of the 20% discount, quote promotion code ALSCHN11 if ordering directly by phone to +44 (0) 1536 452640 or via the book's web page at http://ukcatalogue.oup.com/product/9780199692934.do
Also catching the attention of the anti corruption agency is the
16 tbsp (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
4. SICK-LOOKING FRAME OR BODY. I’m not gonna lie: vegetarians and vegans tend to be thinner. That’s not a bad factor! Being more on the thin side is better than being obese. People who see them tend to think they look unhealthy because they’re not used to people around them being fit. Jealousy also causes people to judge skinny vegans or vegetarians. If you’re hydrated, run or walk every other day, and watch what you eat, you’ll be thin. It’s not starving yourself! That’s never the answer. They’re only skinny because they eat the right foods.
Another early childhood development skill includes learning to recognize objects, shapes, and colors. At first these skills do not make any sense but they will begin to develop to be more recognizable the more they use these skills.
I know a young woman who entered a cloistered convent at the age of 14 and she spent much of her adolescent and young adult life sheltered from the way we do love in this culture. She is one of the few people I know who has not had their heart maimed, mauled, mangled, mashed, or mutilated by masquerades of love.
centre of lid & under the brow
Stanford is offering free non-credit online classes starting January 2012!
I’ve been busy writing and critiquing and marvelling at how many different problems my computer says it has. My computer was obviously designed by a politician, as it just can’t settle on any issue. It sometimes stalls when starting. I think it just needs a good cup of coffee dumped onto its
SR3 1PA
Dr. Elkisch's approach was to go directly to the children and find what their reactions were to comic books. After evaluating an exhaustive look at various studies, questions and reactions were collated, comparing comic books to "pleasure books (regular, non-comic books). The standout point of the "objectionable" type of comic book was that they "motivated dangerous imitation" (mimicry). Therefore, children will imitate to fit in and be like "those in authority who have the power". More terms like "imitation being a defensive mechanism" and "the process of identification and its role in the formation of the ego and superego" are mentioned, but the basic thrust is the concept of "identification with the aggressor". More nonsense on the awareness of the pleasure causing "guilt" and the fact that comic books appeal to the "primitiveness" of the child, as well as "the reading of picture language is (according to Freud) only a very incomplete form of being conscious".
What is funny is after I snapped it, the bike suddenly started moving down the driveway. I was right next to him at this point. Instead of freaking out, he starts cackling as he "skateboards" all the way down to the end and then just basically jumps his bottom back down on the seat.
Can you even imagine what our world would be like? Many people will not survive simply due to the lack of food and water that will occur. Water will only be available to those who either have an artisan well or pumping well, natural spring, or some type of body of water. Food will only be eaten by the people who store, grow and protect it.
When I woke up this morning, my head was filled with a song I haven’t heard in years. The song is called Sandyland:
21.Strawberry Jam #1 (Traditional)
chia seeds
The party’s host can be glad that she is using a nail care system that is superior to those used in professional nail studios, and at the same time has the advantage of being free of harmful chemicals. Sisel Distributors also have the chance to familiarize their party guests with all of Sisel’s amazing cosmetic products, and to let them know about the other extraordinary and high-value product lines offered by this American networking giant.
You are GOD
But since today is a holiday AND I already used the weekend to do my normal weekend things, I got a little crafty today.
I think we all know what the phrase au revoir means. Good-bye, right? But in French, it literally means something more like "to the next time we see one another."
Size: 34,268 acres
McKenna and I made the cutest little treats for her pre-school class this week! Before you start getting all impressed about my creativity and craftiness, I must tell you that the idea and printable came from Dixie Delights. (She has a sweet blog with lots of great elf-on-the-shelf-ideas and her house is BH&G-photo-shoot-ready. It's also totally where I got the idea to put red food coloring in the toilet this morning and put the elf on the back like she forgot to flush. McKenna is going to freak! But I digress...)
NUSSBAUM’S GOLDEN FORTUNE by M. K. Hobson
He came down the stairs, the gatekeeper saluted him and tried to follow him but he prevented him. “I won’t travel far, just down to the cove, I will shout out to you if I need you.”
As always, comments are welcome.
God continues to bless me with His touch on my body. This morning I participated in a Stress Test, my first post surgery. This is something that I have been working up to since I started Cardiac Rehab three weeks ago. You may notice the title of this post - Praise God! I received very encouraging news today. I was just shy of 10 minutes on the treadmill and came back with a test result that fell into the normal category. It has never sounded so good to be included in the "normal" category. I know that there are a few who might challenge that statement :-)! God continues to do His work.
I lifted up his shirt so I could see how the pants fit around his waist. They weren't even fastened! They were too small and he couldn't even zip them up! They didn't fit at all and there he is saying that they felt fine and were comfortable. What the...???
I made this secret discovery on a foggy Sunday evening while cruising lower Manhattan - one does not have to look hard to find a 76-story, 867-foot building. A foggy, stormy night is a great time for observing New York City's skyscrapers. With their heads in the clouds, these towers provide all of the ambiance and drama of Batman's Gotham city.
Today is the final instalment of the Ruby Slip Sewalong! If you still need to download the free pattern or catch up on previous sewalong posts, check out the Sewalong tab above for all the links.
4) QTI Baylor Classic Fri-Sun/Waco, TX: #25 Baylor Bears (BigXII), UC Irvine Anteaters (BigWest), Lamar Cardinals (SLC)
The first sentence of chapter one:
An oft-made assertion during all this is that everyone loved Whitney Houston.
Opening with Chicken Soup
Now, I'll admit from the outset that I could give a rat's ass about Lady Gaga or Amy Winehouse or nearly any other contemporary talent. It's nothing against their contemporaryness. It's just that my tastes--while broad and eclectic, run in different areas. My prerogative.
To guide our footsteps on the path we tread
-Creation implies a desire to 1.) fellowship and 2.) be worshiped; How do you fellowship with an uninvolved God? How do you worship one, the knowledge of which doesn’t extend beyond human reason or expression in nature. Understanding through human reason implies some aspect of revelation. If this is the case, why has that revelation been so limited?
**Please keep in mind that these sessions are only 20 minutes, so if you feel that your child/children will need more time to capture their true personality, I encourage you to schedule a full session.
Comedians should stick to comedy.
My other encounter with Dick Clark had many of the same trappings.
Here I've used an old jar top with the rainbow backing paper from the Oz collection and the owl from the Woodland Whimsies stamp set. I put some magnetic tape on the back and turned it into a fridge magnet.
we’re allowed is the recollection of what we take
2.Use half of lemon milk mixture to put between layers. With the reserved mixture, gently fold in the whipped topping, and use to frost the entire cake. Chill overnight before serving.
My life is pieces of paper that I’ll get back to later
