"How exactly is this table informal?," one might ask. "Not an unreasonable question," I could respond. However:
I cannot count the times I called my sister and said , ‘How about going to lunch in a half hour?’ She would gas up and stammer, ‘I can’t. I have clothes on the line. My hair is dirty. I wish I had known yesterday, I had a late breakfast, It looks like rain’ And my personal favorite: ‘It’s Monday.’ She died a few years ago. We never did have lunch together.
In the new catalog, you’ll find a variety of easy-to-use, cost-efficient resource tools that provide access to up to 10 years of ABC data. Be sure to check out the newest e-Data tool, the eFAS-FAX Analyzer, which will provide the most comprehensive look into U.S. newspaper circulation when the new FAS-FAX data is released on May 1.
The huge armies of the Epigoni decided to attack the surrounding villages around Thebes (a sound strategy to get rid of any potential allies for the Thebean forces) The Epigoni forces were able to defeat the various villages, but they would face the brunt of the Thebeans at the fields of Glisas. The battle was fierce as the two armies clashed in an epic struggle. During the battle Aegialeus was killed by Laodamus and in turn Alcmaeon killed Laodamus. With the death of their king, the Thebeans were routed and returned to the safety of their walls. They were now trapped and the siege began.
She was going straight for the baby just like she’d been trained.
i cooked my first bird ever yesterday! it turned out pretty darn good. i used a cajun spice blend on in, and also made cornbread stuffing and cream biscuits, all from a southern menu. the hardest part about cooking the feast was getting the timing right. having everything done (and hot) at the same time is tricky. but, it worked out pretty good. and we had plenty of good, cajun spiced gravy. one of my thanksgiving pet peeves is not enough gravy.
My Morning Jacket
You belong here if … you always make it to fourth-floor Burke completely red-faced, out of breath and looking as if you’re about to go into cardiac arrest.
Yeah I wanna believe, Jesus help me believe that I
Berkowitz places untested DNA evidence into two categories.
What a card: This is the first card issued of Dickie Thon after his horrific beaning during April of 1984. Thon played just five games in 1984, but Topps gave him a card.
I went to the appointment without any apprehension. Was prepped on what they where going to do. In and out of hospital in 15-20 minutes max. Was advised that it would be about a week and my doctor would have the results.
But for now, I have GOT to get back to packing an automobile. Hope you all (those of you in the U.S. who celebrate this kind of thing) have a great Holiday weekend, full of family, friends, fun and if you get into that whole Black Friday thing...well, try not to go TOO crazy on the credit cards.
Start page
Everyone drinks from ceramic cups placed on inlaid-wood sidetables. The two girls come up and offer wooden cups to me and to the hooded man. One helps the tied man to drink, the other hands me the bowl that I start sipping. It's a strange tasting liquor, not entirely unpleasant.
It is so important to have life skills and give attention to them for successful living. It is even more important for Christians to develop knowledge and skills in the Word of God. Your faith from God is an invisible force from your spirit, but can deliver tangible results. For instance a man named Bartimaeus was blind, and then Jesus came by and healed him. His life was transformed. That was the glory (manifest presence) of God in Jesus Christ. (Mark 10:46-52)
Of course this is nothing new. The Macpherson Report into the Stephen Lawrence Inquiry branded the Metropolitan Police Service 'institutionally racist'. Now if you were a Metropolitan Policeman, how would you deal with black suspects? Bearing in mind your superiors are now desperate to relinquish the 'service' of the 'institutional racist' tag, I think you would treat them more leniently and with more respect than white suspects.
This morning, I asked God to reveal himself to me today in a whole new way. I just wanted a reminder of His presence! There were many moments in my day today where I could see his reflection.
Medvedev has served as first deputy prime minister from 2005 to 2008 and as president from 2008 to 2012. He was the third and youngest Russian head of state since the collapse of the Soviet Union in the 1990s.
While Afghanistan and Pakistan bear the brunt of U.S. violence, U.S. drone attacks have also taken place in Yemen, Libya, Iraq and Somalia. In all cases, the violent attacks are illegal and in flagrant violation of international law. Terrorism is the illegitimate use of violent aggression against innocent people to achieve political objectives. With complete media complicity, drone terrorism is shrouded in secrecy and is leading to “boundless war without end”.
Just stopping by to say hello and let you know about a a couple of upcoming things. For any of you who live in the Dallas Fort Worth area, this coming saturday, at the Fort Worth Botanical Gardens, it is the start of an every 2 year event in which butterflies are imported from all over the world and brought to the tropical gardens for display. I think it is going to be an awesome opportunity for any of you who love photography. I was told last week when I stopped in to get the information about it, that there would be some butterflies with a 6 inch wing span. Can't wait to get there with my camera! They had some samples of the types of butterflies and their countries of origin which I photographed last week. Thought I would have a bit of fun with them, so applied Pixel Dust Photo Art's Defining beauty texture and thing they turned out pretty. The second photo is SOOC. Had some fun with doing this. The third photo also has the texture applied, and then went to RAD Lab and applied Divine Light and a couple of other applications. Think it really gave this butterfly some inner glow!
ABV: 7.9% ABV
A Few Interesting Notes
OK, so I'm apparently all mixed up on dates. My IWSG post for December was posted here on November 30. Sorry about that! How hilarious is it that I didn't figure it out until December 8?
“No, it was not.” Their hands parted.
Maybe a before-bed meditation is in order?
I'll be writing about how to grow nice tomatoes in the near future!!
Even though I was a slower racer than the rest, I was proud that I didn’t crash, get stuck in a wall, or cause a caution the whole heat! I’ll have to keep this on our date night option list. Who needs a snooty white table cloth dinner anyway? Well, I actually like that too – let’s hope he plans that for next week…!
The aquifer that feeds Washington, and Franklin and Washington townships in Warren County, is contaminated with tetrachloroethylene and trichloroethylene, according to a state health department news release.
I hope you get the chance to play along too, I'm looking forward to seeing your creations!
A nation could only feel positive about the future of the country if everything that exists is being well maintained, while at the same time further development is taking place.
Owning a vineyard is a labor intensive business. To grow grapes for making wine the owner of the vineyard must invest a great deal of time and money to cultivate vines in the right soil, in the right location, hoping for perfect weather and sunlight in order to bring in a good harvest with is fit for making wine. It takes years for a vineyard to produce sufficient fruit to make a good wine. Sometimes it takes as many as ten years before new vines are mature and ready for wine-making. During the process the vineyard owner must carefully prune his vines and care for the daily, inspecting for disease or pests. There is a joke among vineyard owners: how do you make a small fortune with a winery? Start with a large fortune and buy a winery.
Mink gets sent to the brig. So now as far as I’m concerned, THREE of the FOUR humans are now in the brig.
Trailing your wake of grains.
Sorry for neglecting this journal for so long!
Lorraine G. Bay, 58, East Windsor, N.J.
you're sure of a big surprise
Roaming through different
1 quick
Here are some ideas for learning how to be a good wife and mother.
Review by: Kiki Van De Kamp
It’s all-out war (and no-holds-barred romance) in the climactic conclusion to Carrie Jones’s bestselling series.
“You know what you have to do Ronnie”
I am pleased that our selection of downloadable Dominican Rite texts and posts on the Rite have generated this kind of response. Although most of my "blog energy" recently has been dedicated to the compilation and editing of the new Antiphonal for the Liturgy of the Hours in Dominican Chant (see left side bar), I hope to do more historical and photo posts in the near future.
The first reason nicely matches Aristotle’s views of education. When discussing moral education, Aristotle notes that young people do not find a temperate life to be particularly appealing, so it is necessary to condition them to such a life. Doing so, he argues, will make it less irksome and hence it will be all the easier to ensure that they follow the right path throughout life. As might be imagined, many college students would prefer to not dress like professionals and prefer to be rather more casual. Also, some college students clearly prefer the now forbidden styles. As might be imagined, the job creators who will hire the students when the graduate will expect their employees to dress in appropriate ways. As such, the university would merely be extending its mission of conditioning students for the workplace by adding in control over their modes of dress. After all, the American education system has been training students to follow schedules, do boring work at the behest of others, obey petty authorities, stand in lines, and so on. What, it might be asked, is the problem with adding a conformity of costume to the curriculum of conditioning?
They had about 6 buildings set up on display. The Tiger cubs (1st grade) were kinda hard to keep focused, but the older siblings learned a lot - hehehe. My favorite part was when the boys would see a jack rabbit in the field, and all take off chasing it. There was no hope to catch it, but the boys didn't know that. TOO funny :)
Mom starts on beer number six. It’s the one I call the Talking Beer….That’s why we’re here at the cemetery, after all. To mourn another lost boyfriend. To add another name to the Men Who Ditched Leona Fitch list.
errant adventures dully imagined atop
I will not grow to become the person I want to be if I only grow in rich, rock-free soil.
Moyo told the court that Warrant Officer Frederick Erasmus was talking to three of his co-accused, not too far from where he was sitting, when he escaped. He said Erasmus had put his co-accused in a cell, but had left him to sit on a bench outside the cells in the court building.
The people - a mother and two teens - didn't know the steps of the dance. I saw them look and point, but people do that all the time. They didn't look, point and then walk up to me.
Now, on to getting my 10K time to 55 minutes!
I was abducted by some super secret evil spy agency that wanted to turn me into a killer robot to fight those jerk terrorists in the Middle East (I’m assuming FOR the U.S., so maybe this agency wasn’t so evil? Hard to say. Either way, they kidnapped me which even in my dream I was able to recognize as a felony). So I was sent in to get surgury done to turn me into this fighting machine. My surgeon turned out to be my friend Justin from work (he was creepily thrilled to find out that he was my evil surgeon when I told him about this later), and being the crap surgeon that he is and using whatever crap anesthetics he had, I came to mid-surgery and realized they were putting a gaping hole in my chest.
Later we attended the awards ceremony. There was a beer garden which we partook in. There was dancing, too. Yeah, I couldn’t help myself. It was very fun.
4) Storme was in town this week. Tuesday night, she and I went to On the Border to split a pitcher of margaritas and a couple platters of empenadas. It makes me feel pathetically middle aged to have "our" seats at the bar at a chain restaurant in the suburbs. This is what my life has become, ya'll!
only her universality
The Uyghur American Association, a non-profit organization stationed in Washington D.C., has been actively working to promote a peaceful, democratic livelihood for the Uyghur community in Xinjiang. This organization is also comprised of the Uyghur Human Rights Project and both compile numerous reports and news articles to help spread awareness on the tension building in the Xinjiang region. They also have an online forum for discussion for anyone interested in raising issues to the UAA about the Uyghur community and to exchange ideas on how to improve the lives the Uyghurs. An interesting component is how they incorporate democracy as a tool to assuring peaceful resolutions within the region.
For additional help, Nadya has set up a website to accept money donations. Ed says asking for help the way Nadya has was something he was never able to do. “I never in my life—and that was something maybe negative about me—I never asked for help.”
BAAAAAM!
I see far too many people relying on the stars, the cosmos or “gurus” aka others, to some how magically catapult them into a better position in life. That’s like blaming God for not getting a raise when you did nothing all year to deserve it.
"Usually I'm convinced you're one of the most gentle souls in world until I see you pull that thing out," he said. "Then I wonder if you're not one of those scary guys who collects knives and dreams of eviscerating people."
The licensor, except as noted below, usually bears responsibility for the cost of filing, prosecuting and maintaining licensed patents. This includes future patent applications if improvements are included in the agreement.
Don’t call me when you feel the pain,
Toss with the drained fusilli and serve immediately.
Bobby Jo has her wonderful give away but I also have a giveaway for today. Become a follower of my blog and leave me a comment.. You must be a US resident and make sure you check back on March 16 when I pick the winner.
Ellie wanted a rainbow cake again this year. Yes, she had this last year but I changed it a little. First thing was making the inside rainbow as well. Turned out better than I thought I could do. The second thing I changed was the frosting. I used a Cool Whip and pudding frosting. I knew it would make the candy "bleed" so I waited till the last minute to decorate the cake. Ellie said it was the yummiest ever. I would agree. I am not a frosting person, but with this frosting I could eat the whole thing.
Tada! I thought they were super cute. I was able to make 10 of them (after they dried) while watching the Bachelor this week. Well, those, and 14 little hearts in which I wrote 14 things I loved about the hubs. On Valentine's morning, while he was in the bathroom, Adelaide and I ran around the house and hid them in various places. He loved finding them all around the house! And I got some special-made hair sticks that he turned on his lathe, and a foot rub!
Warner Brothers 1930
For more information on this workshop, including where it's being held, contact Idzie at unschooledwriter@gmail.com. For more information on the center, contact Marilyn at marilyn@educationevolution.org.
I tried using the code but it didn't work so I didn't publish the post.
“yes, my lord.”
Camilla represented for her city LBC (Long Beach, CA) on last nights episode of #BGC8 lol. They thought they could treat her like they did Elease, not knowing “She about that life” (*Erika voice)…Now Mimi’s dumb ass walked right into that ass whooping! And I loved Camilla for telling Elease “I didn’t touch YOUR things, this bed was purchased by the Bad Girls Club,” which is true. If anything, Elease should’ve joined forces with Camilla and got her revenge on the rest of them hoes for jumping her! I also don’t understand why Camilla got sent home for fighting, when they’ve been throwing punches at each other all season! Smh…And I’m so tired of these heffas throwin clothes and mattresses in the pool. That sh*t is old.
AEM is the North American-based international trade group representing the off-road equipment manufacturing industry, and its members manufacture equipment, products and services used worldwide in the agriculture, construction, forestry, mining and utility sectors. AEM is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and has offices in the world capitals of Washington, D.C.; Ottawa, Canada; and Beijing, China. For more information on AEM and its activities, go online to www.aem.org.
so grace me with your smile, grace me with your touch,
I decided to give them a try.
“Riley! Are you ok?”
Remember, just four more days to go so don't dilly dally now. Once you are finished, then you can have that coveted movie or book day!
All days are not so gray
It’s a scenario familiar to most, if not all, university and college students: that one exam that you’re concerned isn’t going to go so well. There’s at least one every semester, and you find yourself studying for it a little more than the others, even despite the fact that you know, deep in the pit of your stomach, with every fiber of your soul, that you need to study for EVERYTHING in university unless you want it to eat you alive. Clearly, as the good university or college student you are, you limit your partying or whatever else you like to do during exams week, and you study for the God forsaken things – but sometimes you study too much for the exams you think you’re going to get shitty grades in, end up passing those with flying colors, and bomb the easy insert-best-subject-here exam you thought you were guaranteed an A+ in.
- 4 tbsp olive oil
Also, be sure to check out our Pinterest! We have boards specifically for Gardening Tips & Tricks and Fun Gardening Projects! Want to contribute your own ideas, pictures, or articles? Send us an email, tweet at us @Tap_Roots, or post on our Facebook page with your contribution!
Grant me now my soul’s petition–
3 very ripe mashed bananas
In the published photo, Park Yoochun embraced the shoulders of Han Ji Min intimately.
All my gifts you say are just a con.
YR04
The Lottery is at a record $500 Million Dollars! The odds of winning is 1 in 176 million. Many people have been talking about what they would do with their money. Here is what I would do:
I’ve said it before, I’ll probably say it again: I went to an all-girls high school. Hopefully this can excuse my neurotic impulses when it comes to men. My first semester of college I was boy-crazy. I mean Internet Friends crazy. I shudder to remember all the times I’d knock on random dorm rooms. Hey boys wanna hang out? Or even worse all my booty calls, who I labeled “bc” in my phone that I would mass text. Yikes. The most stalkerish story I have to offer is the story of Casper. Oh Casper.
So Justin Bassett, if you want to make those claims nationally, share the employer’s name, the when, and who the interviewer was. Let’s check your story. I’m calling bullshit until then. And yet Congress and the media have made this a national issue, big enough to work on legislation. I need a law to tell I can say no? That’s pretty…stupid. But should I really expect anything else from these two groups?
I will help you find away
After church, we came home, changed back into our PJ's and did the whole Christmas thing.
Jimmie Driftwood
The world was harsh and cruel,
What is Second Life
Recent research has also suggested that these same antioxidants could help reduce the chances of developing cancer because they combat the cell damage that can lead to tumor growth.
Note that the code below will work on tomcat, but will not follow the same scaling line as Jetty, due to a lack of a Continuation mechanism. Instead, when a continuation blocks, it will hold onto the Thread. It appears to be possible to implement a similar system on Tomcat using its Advanced IO/ Comet support, however it would be a bit more work to integrate into Grails.
And the number one reason why I have not been blogging:
Well, if you reside in Central PA, you may want to inquire, because the Blue Bird Inn is perhaps Lebanon County's best-kept beer hideaway.
If I use the trending topics on Twitter, I can find related items about working from home and, say, Star Trek. Maybe. If not, I could probably use it as a segue and then brainstorm. Either way, I end up with a blog post!
“Handgoons” Yeah, in America, we use them bloody handgoons to kill people…
Suddenly I began to tremble. I could feel the pulsations begin to rise within me. I opened my mouth to let out a cry of pure pleasure but had to choke it back as a juicy cock was forced between my lips.
swollen with stolen nectar, high on
Thank you so much for joining Deb's
Suggested donation: $5.00 per entrant
Hi Everyone. It's Edna's turn to choose the colours for the challenge this week, but before we get to that there are a couple of pieces of news.
Sometime I'd like to try this recipe as Dorie wrote it, with the bananas and mangoes, but before I did, I'd have to check the proportions of butter to dry ingredients so that it would be a true crumble rather than a buttery mess. I will be interested to see how this recipe worked for everyone else who baked this week.
Hello, my lovelies. I have an amazing announcement. This month it is my birthday and as such, I am hosting my very first giveaway!
Growing up an orphan in the Milky Way hasn't been easy, especially as a teenage girl in the Naval Academy. Unfortunately for Molly Fyde, things are about to get worse. Just as she's finding her place amongst the boys, her unfair expulsion from the Academy takes away the only two things that truly matter: flying in space and her training partner, Cole. Sent off to a normal school, she feels destined for a dull, unspectacular future.
*Predator wants to know what kind of car you drive, so he can have either an accomplice look for your vehicle to know exactly where it is at in the parking lot or garage or walk outside to look for the vehicle themselves*
for the blow
BTW, I don’t buy your claim that Drake is a Jesuit Overlord. What you and he do on the astral plane is your own business, and I know you initiated it.
The other day, my son went up to a young woman and asked her about the baby in her tummy. One that she had yet to publicly reveal. At home on our couch, he went on to tell me that she’s having a girl with light brown hair. He does this often. A few months ago on the train he dragged me up to a woman who he had to speak to. He asked her about her son “Bern, ” the “chef” who lived in another state. The woman, taken aback, began talking about how much she missed her son, but that she was so proud of him for living his dream and having just officially completed culinary school. Now, he’s channeling dietary advice to friends on Skype. He’ll text message things like “eat salmon and fish and chicken broth” during conversations. What’s significant about this for me is that I often get my “messages” in terms of food. I’ll just know what someone can eat to help them. Now he’s doing it alone and right in cue with what I would advice. He’s also very serious about the way life was when he was in mars. He can give details about the soil.
When that thought finally entered my brain...I glanced sideways at my one and only...he was was happily working on trim, humming away.....every once in awhile, thru out the day, I would find that he had wrote something on the paper that I had covered the table with...cuz he is sweet like that...little notes...little faces...well, I finally got up the nerve to mention the fact that we had to move the stove...and I turned around to tell him...he was writing something on the paper..
Sorry I've been neglecting you in lately, I've been very busy. Not only I have been helping my Mom with her apartment renovations that have been going on all week (changing windows, tearing down a wall and all kinds of similar "fun" work)but I also had some Spring cleaning to do in my own place. Things like putting in new air-condition system, dealing with flood in my bathroom and trying to fix super-slow internet connection. I've been also working late nights on some commissions and missing sleep.
In the Western world, we like to say that our lives are our gift from God, and what we do with it is our gift to Him. How presumptuous we human beings are. My Sister in Africa has little opportunity to bring gifts that we in the First World consider valuable. I think God smiles on her offerings especially; they are her very life and the lives of her children.
Also recommend reading the novel (with the same name) by Susan Hill.
Let’s see…I know I didn’t play golf, I know we didn’t ride bikes. And I know whatever it was, I did it with Carol. I give up, and I will ask Carol….
For me, infertility has been a thorn in my flesh since that first month we tried to conceive and I didn't get my way. It's tested my patients, my sanity, and my faith; leaving behind ugly seeds of bitterness and scars of indifference. Made me feel as though I never had enough; there was always something out of arms reach no matter how richly I was blessed. It's a part of me-woven into the tapestry of who I am-and it's been a struggle to stay afloat after all these years of feeling like I'm drowning in the loss of control it brings.
f Dravidian architecture. Dedicated to Meenakshi, the lovely consort of Lord Shiva, the original temple was built by Kulasekara Pandya, but the entire credit for making the temple as splendid as it is today goes to the Nayaks. The Nayaks ruled Madurai from the 16th to the 18th century and left a majestic imprint of their rule in the Meenakshi – Sundareswarar Temple.
The receptionist had identified her, and the doctor – this time a woman more of her age – gestured to Martha to accompany her. Swallowing her fear, because fear only led to sleepless nights which led to dark, saggy eyes, Martha rose and strode across the waiting area to the room the woman had indicated, eyes fixed firmly on door in front of her. Before the doctor could follow she had sat herself in the chair opposite the desk and silently prayed she didn’t look like the woman brought in for bad news.
When winter came
Devils and demons flee
Filled with Rouge ribbons falling from the sky...glass globes filled with chocolate...
Hosted by Owner/Head Brewer Brennan Fielding
the way through it's a luminous,
The soft colours are so pretty and work so well with the tag and butterflies. To see more of Jools's cards you can visit her blog here.
Even though your average person can probably afford to jump around in skintight clothing in the privacy of their own home, the desire to have others gauge the gradual remolding of your soon to be taut physique in a public setting remains as strong as ever. Whoa, wait a minute, glancing over the content of the semi-coherent sentence you just scribbled, it sounds like your about to start typing a bunch of words that may or may not pertain to a film that takes place in the dewier than normal world of physical fitness. Nicely done, my highly perceptive, chromosome-filled friend, you're absolutely right. The genitals are packed tight, the legwarmers have been laundered to perfection, the thongs are ready to be forcibly excavated from their rectal prisons at any given moment, and an armada of saucy headbands await to be bombarded with the saltiest sweat you can throw at them, it's time once again to combine rigorous exercise with grisly murder. Whose turn is it now to haphazardly smash the two unrelated activities together, you ask? Why it's filmmaker Michael Fischa (My Mom's a Werewolf) and his cagey team of writers, Mitch Paradise and James Bartruff, of course. An electrical storm is wreaking havoc in the sky above the Starbody Health Spa, a computerized health club that is practically crying out for a faceless killer with no morals whatsoever. A bolt of lightning zaps its neon sign, which shorts out most of the letters. All that's left is the 'd' in starbody, the 'ea' and 'th' in health, and the word "spa" manages to escape the storm with its grammatical integrity intact. (Word puzzle enthusiasts are already way ahead of me.) In an eerie twist, the sign now reads "Death Spa." Yeah, that's right, the new name of the spa is the same as the title of the movie we are watching. How freaky is that? (You know an exercise-based horror film is doing something right when the unveiling its title causes my inner half-wit to get all in a tizzy.)
When I first saw the berries bubble away, I wasn’t so sure it was going to turn out the way my colleague’s had. And when I combined the oats, bread crumbs & butter, a little bit of hope flared.
Took a short little stroll around the campus to get some non-sports shots for a nice change of pace. I got out a little too late, the sun was just past the peak point in the golden hour, so many of the shadows were a tad too long. That said, I got some fun snaps that I was happy with.
short break I knew they would give us. I was close to the Opera Plaza,
Everyone’s all over the place so it’s hard to give just one thing! My own craze is reading books. I like essays so I’ve been reading a lot.
So, what about the “fear” of the Lord? Are we to fear God with trembling?
4) Wonderful Tonight
3) The Passion of Christ brought forward from when it happened more than 2000 years ago, to a time in the 1560′s. To a place we now call Flanders or Belgium. At a time when the Spanish Inquisition was what the folks of that time and place lived with and faced beyond their basic day to day schedules or activities.
Like most dorks, all this information got me hungry for food and more information, so I went seeking tarts. I couldn’t find a single one. I live in Portland, Oregon, a foodie town of legendary proportions. People sell ceviche out of old school buses here. Numerous food carts sell vegan phō. Even though my city sits some three hundred miles south of the international border, I couldn’t find Canada’s national dessert at any local bakery. In the absence of the real thing, I emailed my longtime friend Dayna in Toronto. She’s a flight attendant for Air Canada and has traveled all over her country. What did she think of these beloved tarts? Did she have a favorite place that I could get them in Vancouver? “They are indeed a staple in every Canadian’s house, especially over the holidays,” she said. “I don’t think there is a special spot for them, they are just everywhere.” She buys them for her boyfriend at the supermarche but doesn’t like them herself. They’re too sweet. “My Mom used to make them for the holidays and I’d convince her to make me a special batch. Scrap the butter filling for jam instead. I was spoiled with special treatment which is why I didn’t really love them like I’m supposed to maybe.” Since I couldn’t just pop up to Canada to find some tarts. I had to make some myself.
- Defined unique branding elements that reflect an artist's individual tastes
This urban fairy tale is a very entertaining films and the action is almost constant. The Robesons are a really over-the-top pair of villains but while Daddy is a psychoidiot in a gimp suit Mommy is just a downright evil bitch. I remember that the actors played a very similar married couple in Twin Peaks but not quite so crazy. There is very little graphic gore despite the film being about cannibals under the stairs. I always have fun watching this film
The Giant fractured glass that the tripod holds is a feast of mandarin symbols. A Giant fractured glass, in the arts, must refer to Duchamp’s Large Glass or, more appropriately, to To be looked at (from the other side of the glass) with one eye, close to, for almost an hour, 1918. I like the reference to To be looked at better because then I really start to think about that light filtering through Arceneaux’s sculpture as if it was the eye of Duchamp’s viewer. Arceneaux also must have liked that use of “Giant” in the title instead of “Large” - “Giant” as in red giants.
Some basil and a slice of lime for garnish
Towards the core
Bunnies are also on the death list. After all, hawks like to catch rabbits. So do owls.
As part of geography this year with Ia I'm using the book Mapstart 1. Mapstart 1 begins with the different ways we can look at objects and then a room. There are questions on every page and I'm just working through these with Ia orally, as the point is to learn about maps and plans, not to write comprehension answers! Most of the questions at the beginning of the book are very easy anyway, asking the child to find things in the picture and using the language of direction (next to, on the right of etc).
Remember, we open Monday April 16 to returning members. New members will be accepted ONLY during the month of May.
Are you still with me? Thank you. I promised I’d need help, and you stayed. I love you.
Handful of chopped parsley
Blogger is back, yet I write, wondering, if what I write, will be here tomorrow. I am looking forward to catching up with my blogging friends, but will my comments still be with them tomorrow?
I'm not one to pretend money has no value in my life, im not a i would live happily in the dumpster type of girl, nor am i counting the pennies and saving the notes hoarding paper thats so "valuable" and starving myself from the pleasures and ease money can bring in to my life, but i hope i never become one of those who values money over friendship , money over love and money over family and humanity.
Rose has been saying the cutest things lately. Her vocabulary is really expanding and sometimes what she says is just too cute.
Alex is only intermittently present in the real world. She has lead a Saxon shield wall into battle, toiled as a Georgian kitchen maid, and recently taken up an 800 year old form of English folk dance, but she still hasn’t learned to operate a mobile phone.
I'm just not. Not even close. She loves it. She's thriving. She's making friends. She's learning that not only do her mother, father and grandparents love and adore her, but a whole bunch of other people in her community do too.
I am not an expert on bananas but I can guess that the whole banana chain, from growing to cultivation to cleaning to packaging to exporting to distribution and retailing can be very long, yet the lead time is short! Yes, banana is a highly perishable fruit. Leave them for a day or two they will turn from green to yellow and then black. It is amazing for those in the business, having to time the growing to market lead time so specifically. You may say that that’s a process that need not be timed as it is a daily thing, do you get me? But nevertheless I guess it is. But would not that be a very competitive market, considering that you are the branding manager for you firm’s banana business, assuming that your firm imports them and repackaging them for your retailing needs.
My first idea that really grabbed me was a take on “Frankenstein’s Monster.” In this case the idea germinated with how does the world react to the first Cyborg? There have been plenty of stories dealing with Androids. But what about a person who is mostly cybernetic, but with a few human parts left.
otherwise known as lepidopterophibia.
but about what?
They crumble
Holidaymakers were advised to go skiing rather than sunbathing and seaside resorts warned of multi-million pound losses and deserted beaches.
Yes, we went to Cake International: the cake decorating and baking show. it was a nice time, beautiful cakes, some nice techniques. Tim found a fascinating new vesion using melted sugar. Abosutely beautiful, translucent, fragile things.
Good luck Mr. Irons, you did very well and it was a pleasure intimidating you today.
a) critical point or meeting
Samples: none.
After my tour of NPA, Jack took me on a tour of our elementary school, where that ancient film of me was shot so many years ago. As we walked up the front stairs, Jack said to me ”wait until you smell this place…it has a unique, familiar smell.” And it did. It’s hard to describe, sort of a combination of old hardwood floors, cafeteria food, and perhaps a chemical from a copy machine. Whatever that scent is made of, it brought back a flood of memories. Living in town of course, Jack knows everybody, and as he rifled off names, I instantly remembered every one of them, even after four decades. Memory is a funny thing.
Shark Vegas - You Hurt Me
The papers are from the Becky Higgins Sweet Baby kit except the ivory. The orange is rather bright, but I managed to tone is down by adding some Tim Holtz Antique Linen distress ink all over it. I am happy with the results and will probably do this to the remaining orange papers from the kit. To help anchor the circle title, I added a portion of Tag sale #3. I stamped Library Ledger in Antique Linen and added some Grunge Me circles. Love that tiny little tag! I used PTI's alpha block die for the second half of the title.
April 7 – Washington DC, venue TBA
Sitting On The Sidelines (I'm not ignoring them, I want to work on these but I needed to get these swaps finished, arghhhh)
Finally.
It combines multiple things she loves: hearts, turquoise, plus she was a professional typist. If there were cats lounging at the feet of Elvis while he typed, it would have been completely perfect. And what was left on the bolt was exactly the right amount to make the kind of apron she likes.
This is just what the world is now. We don’t live in small villages surrounded by our families and other families who practice the same beliefs and cultures anymore. Well most of us don’t. I do know some Malaysians who only hangout with people of the same race. I guess it’s very safe and comfortable, doing stuff your parents taught you and having good friends who follow the same set of beliefs, but that is up to the individual. I know that I don’t do safe or comfortable very well, and although it can be tiring, and confusing, and sometimes just frustrating being pulled in two and sometimes five different directions, taking this path has been amazing. I’m not pro or against anything. I’m just saying that if you tilt your head just a bit, things might look different, and less negative. The things I’ve seen, the colourful people in my life, the different opinions I’ve heard, it has so far been a wonderful journey and I think because we grew up the way we did, things are not black and white anymore, there is a rainbow of colours in between, and this is where I live, between different cultures, each beautiful in their own way.
But i had the opportunity to go to the Beefeater 24 Gin event here in Chicago at Hub 51. It released here in Chicago a few weeks ago. Needless to say, Im not a big Gin drink, Im a Cognac drinker, but this Gin has turned me around completely. Before I give out my personal opinion, I'll give you guys a little background about Beefeater 24.
and that's about it. Pretty simple. I think I can accomplish those few things.
Pours a nice amber with a tan head, and there must be some carbonation left because it's loosely filtered with particulates that rise to the top and then sink again. Smells nice. Very grassy, and slightly sweet.
Add: 1 cup/160 gramme of flour
Terrible, isn't it? Just looking at it nearly gives me hives. I am all about organization in my house and this was completely unacceptable. Every time someone pulled out one headband, several more came along for the ride. Not to mention you can't really see what's in there. Argh, it was buggin' me!! So I put on my thinking cap. How could I organize these and not spend a dime?? Think, think, think...
I have to admit that at first, I did not even take notice of the fact that every time I walked by Green Onion, the children's boutique at 274 Smith Street, the store was closed when it should have been open for business.
There’s a series of encounters with Pertwee’s doctor that are absolutely riveting – The Mind of Evil and the Claws of Axos in particular are brilliantly simple but complex thrillers… but the master always has the advantage over the Doctor that gives way to a fascinating story while the Doctor fights to reel him in. And his return last year with Derek Jacobi and John Simm was just, well, perfect. It was classic Master and bang up to date all at once.
Strawberries and creme fraiche to serve
I did some searching for the lego building plates and I am so happy I did some searching because Amazon had them but they were over $7.00 each. I found them on lego.com for 4.99 which was a much better price but they couldn't do express shipping because they were having a site issue so I kept looking and imagine my surprise that I found them on Barnes & Noble's site. They were only $4.95 AND if I signed up for the free 2 month membership I got the express shipping for free which saved me over $15.00.
- boiled noodles (I used spaghetti because that’s what we had but penne would be better for this)
The one thing that disappoints me is that the potency has changed. It's now absolutely identical to Bath & Body Works Glow & Steady in both texture and potency. This is not necessarily a bad thing on its own; Glow & Steady is one of my favorite gradual self tanners. The problem is that the original Bare Bronze came in two concentrations, and the Medium/Deep was nearly as powerful as a full strength tanner. This new Beach Sexy gets you tan, but not as quickly as the old one (it comes in only one concentration).
Thank you to everyone who commented or tweeted their picks!
That’s where the definition of diligence comes into play; if the trail peters out and the author or heirs can’t be found after a truly diligent search, then perhaps it’s time to declare the work an orphan. But a truly diligent search can’t economically be made for hundreds, if not thousands, of works; unless HathiTrust’s resources are very large, they are going to have to prioritize among their choices and be content with a slow, painstaking process. No doubt they would say that this defeats the whole point, which is based on Google’s notion that a thousand random books are worth more than a few carefully chosen ones. Books from academic publishers in which copyright was assigned to the publisher will undoubtedly be easier to trace. But if the orphan work concept is to have any validity at all for commercially published works, slow and painstaking is HathiTrust's only choice.
If I had a better vocabulary I’d define myself as a slick villain that you see in movies with a pen for a weapon. I’d fabricate myself as the next Superman and you wouldn’t even know if I was bluffing. It would be so “cool”. But I think the truth will do for now.
Movies!
If the weather really takes a nose dive bringing with it icy roads, are you really going to require your employees to risk their lives to get to work? Determine now what can be done remotely to minimize down time while keeping your employees and vehicles safe and off the roads. Communicate your plan to all of your employees so that everyone is on the same page.
George stared off into the woods and didn’t say anything, but Rachel knew he was grateful for her compliment. “I’m happy here, Rachel,” he finally said. “I didn’t think I’d ever be happy again. Didn’t think I’d ever work again. Feel safe.”
Large cutting board
· . Three ‘Safety Villages’ to be set up at Bengaluru, Kharagpur and Lucknow for skill
All I knew
All of us have been very busy at the brewery. Byron, Cory and I are brewing up batches of our smoked beer, Boucanee. After each batch is ready there is also the kegging of the fresh beer and cleaning the fermenters and tanks, and then delivering of the filled kegs to our distributors across the state.
The measure is a symbolic stance and has no legal force. However, council members argued that it was proper for the ethnically diverse city to speak out against what they called hate speech.
I am so much calmer in my life, and have scheduled cleaning time to keep on top of it all into my “working week”. I schedule my time each week so as I work productively each day, being specific as to the work I am doing or cleaning that needs to be done. Those doubting people out there YES I AM WORKING!!!
I used a variety of products to create texture on my card. I used the Direct-to-Paper technique on the Sahara Sand cardstock strip, sponging on the Perfect Plum cardstock, and finally, I used the Square Lattice impressions folder on the Always Artichoke cardstock. Each has a different effect that adds up to one beautiful card!
And in the past that was often enough for me. I was just glad the hatred was gone. I was just glad the fire was out. I could bandage my own wounds. I could move on.
two brothers : Simon Peter and Andrew
The land grab for agriculture for corporates have another drawback. Suppose that they buy the land today for farming but later turn it into a real estate project, could they be challenged. The contract would say that they brought the land and are landowners and could do anything with it. Forgive me if the words come out strong but that would be an exact replica of colonial time (which we as nation tried to forgo in our independence struggle), by using terms like modernizing and upliftment as proxy to get the job done. One feels the approach is not right. There needs to be a policy which needs to be planned where the local population which is living there does not feel thrown out, by being arm twisted on the bases of using various exploitative laws.
Prayer for Mission
I'll keep y'all posted on that one,
To make some for the special people in your life you will need:
Very relaxing …
When we got it alongside, I realized that without a net, the only way this creature was coming aboard was if I could get my fingers up in its gills. The head was so wide, it would've taken both hands to get around it. That was way too precarious to attempt.
Can you say "Rationalize??"
I don't know what the weather has been like for you guys, wherever you are, but here in RI we have nothing to complain about. It was a perfect weekend. And I got a new PINK hydrangea plant. I Luuuurve it!
Late in the day on Thursday, a student in my class noticed bugs in another student's hair. At dismissal, the babysitter of the child with bugs in her hair was asked to notify the parents immediately so that the child could be treated for lice. The babysitter called the school later to get the child's mother's work number as the child's father, who arrived home first, had never seen or heard of lice, did not know what to do about the lice, and was unable to offer money to the babysitter to get supplies to treat the lice. The mother was not able to come to the phone and was not due home until 10pm.
She picked me and only me
I contacted British Airways twelve days ago, trying to solve the problem that they had given me this alleged £75 card on which only £70 could be withdrawn and I got no answer. Yesterday, they pretended to reply.
small scared words
But they warned that firm conclusions should not be drawn until more research had been carried out.
“That is why Governor Sir Shenton Thomas tried to come up with a programme to Anglicise the Chinese, but they were not easily controlled. At that point (in 1948) the Chinese were under the influence of the leftists and the secret societies. They were themselves enemies and in some ways it mirrored the conflict in China between the Kuomintang and the Communist Party.”
You all? The ones that I surveyed? You can stop reading now.
Now let me be the first to point out that beer festivals, particularly the Great British Beer Festival, the Good Beer Guide, campaigns like Mild Month and so on, do a great deal to promote cask ale in a really positive way. A lot of what the professional arm of the Campaign for Real Ale does is excellent. And there are one or two of the issues above that I actually agree with!
I grabbed the camera this afternoon and took a couple pictures of the pretty flowers that are finally blooming; daffodils and anemones.
Tell us, what’s your favorite MacGuffin – and where can it be found?
Although this doesn't seem to be a movie screaming for a remake, it still got one in 2010--which will be reviewed tomorrow.
Accessories - black & tulip grosgrain ribbon, black baker's twine, pewter mini-medley
When the body rids itself of toxins, it passes through the skin which is the largest elimination organ. Raw food increases your detoxification rate. Drinking water helps the body rid itself of toxins. Seaweed is high in vitamins and minerals beneficial to the skin and also helps rid the body of toxins.
Me being a rather conservative (a better word for 'kiasee'...a Singlish term which means 'afraid to die') person, is not always willing to take up baking challenges. My fear of failure is the greatest stumbling block. I know, to avoid kitchen failures I should equip myself with the necessary knowledge and skills, which I should acquire by learning from professional bakers. In the past, I like to use the excuse of not being able to find time to attend baking classes...but now, with more free time on hand, I still couldn't make myself sign up for any baking course. The thought of going for lessons on specific time on a periodic basis, just, puts me off. With this kind of mentality, I wonder when I am able to accelerate my learning pace?
Does God dwell in prisons? If you area believer and are in prison, He is there. He is there because He is indwelling you. So what are you doing when you are praying? We turn to 1 Corinthians 14:15.
My oldest son Sam's radio story "Unschooled" will be airing today (his 17th birthday) on NPR's All Things Considered the last 10 minutes of the hour. It's up online in print (audio later) on the All Things Considered web site http://www.npr.org/2011/06/06/137009154/unschooled-how-one-kid-is-grateful-he-stayed-home
Super Mom and I saw this fabric ceiling treatment in a magazine and decided it would be perfect to section off the dance floor and bring some drama to that side of the ballroom. Doesn't the General look so handsome in his uniform? We're dancing to Landslide, Fleetwood Mac.
Players and season ticket holders were treated to free food and entertainment by the amazing Greg West.
The three were the best of friends since school but “Love, Corruption and Ambition” combine together to bring differences between them. As you must have guessed it, both love the same girl and therein lies the main problem.
Jesus loves the little children of the world.
The new website (and new name - DrenchNetworks) launched on Monday and we've released two butt spanking new shows: Buzzed on Sports is an irreverant sports lifestyle show where WhopTbird Jones and myself poke fun at anything and everything that encompasses sports... with a heavy dose of beer in our guts. In our first episode we drink a beer inspired by Evel Knievel while dissecting the tasing of a Pirate's fan, discuss the 'roid problem in baseball (sayonara Manny!), break down the playoff scenarios for the NHL and NBA... and a lot more!
When I read the Bible it is abundantly clear to me that, whatever I personally may feel, GOD himself disapproves of homosexual practice (as well as heterosexual sin such as adultery etc too of course). So what I think is irrelevant. I'm a sinner myself, as all who know me will testify. Therefore I am a poor judge of what is sin and what isn't. Just because something doesn't particuarly offend me doesn't mean it's not a sin. God is holy. God made the world. Wee boys playing football will sometimes claim "It's my ball" and that will give them extra say in what the rules are. The world, shaped like a ball, is God's ball and he makes the rules. We don't need to love them immediately but need to accept them and work towards understanding why God wants things that way.
pall over the annual gathering
So, knowing that the homeowners are in over their head, the agent writes the listing up as a 'sweat equity property' (are you scratching your head yet?) and offers it with a renovation loan. If they can get a buyer to offer $380,000, and then finance with a renovation loan of $425,000 (the difference being used to fix the roof and furnace), then the sellers get to walk away scott-free from their HELOC and the banks (having never seen the home) assume that the price is right and look past the above mentioned appraisal/mortgage discrepancy.
Having the time of your life
My new Baby Lock sewing machine should be delivered this week. Can you say "Excited"???!
These will be hard to beat.
Sir Colin Campbell ‘rode down the line and said ‘Remember, there is no retreat from here, men. You must die where you stand.’ The men cheerily answered his appeal, saying ‘Ay, ay, Sir Colin; we’ll do that.’’
I am by nature, very communal. Whenever I get the chance, I blindly set forth about my community. Since I was born in the community of humans, I raise my voice passionately when the human community’s welfare is threatened. I am not interested in any truth above humanity. I do not believe in any other religion except that of humanity. I am a fanatic humanitarian. This is my secularism.
Yes… recently I’ve been filling my days with a bit of sculpture making. On the right you can’t really miss that serpentine lady with the rather piercing eyes – she is standing patiently waiting for her high temperature matt black paint to dry.
Read more on:
Gillette Body Wash or Deodorant $1/1
The old couple quietly waits for death to knock on their doors to get rid of every day humiliation, pain, sickness and trauma.
the big sis . . . she knew what was up.
Bantum, was overjoyed to see that Hermel had decided to help Lanna too and so was very happy indeed as he loped along, carving a wide pathway through the snow.
Where was Jennifer James, founder of the nearly 15,000 member Mom Bloggers Club and so much more?
deborah ann woll getting fucked
Yeh, I know this isn’t going to fix all the communication problems we have with each other, but it’s a start.
Costume designer Mark Bridges dressed the actors and up to 200 extras in vintage costumes, both real and copies. Milliners were called upon to re-block and dust off vintage hats that spent decades in hatboxes. Vintage buffs will note that the garments were found at an array of Hollywood costume shops such as the Motion Picture Costume Company, Western Costume Company and Palace Costume Company.
Socialism has never been a buzzword in North American Leftist circles but it certainly was for a very long time in the rest of the world. And to modern day British Leftists too socialism has a meaning that is more nostalgic and emotional than concrete and many would be prepared to admit that it is functionally "dead". Mussolini, however was 70 years earlier in announcing the death. It should be noted, however, that Mussolini was principally referring here to the policies and doctrines of his own former Socialist Party -- which was explicitly Marxist -- and which were far more extreme than the socialism of (say) Clement Attlee and the postwar British Labour party.
The DEA said Monday that the suspect was one of nine people detained April 21 following a drug raid that yielded 18,000 ecstasy pills, marijuana, hallucinogenic mushrooms, a Russian rifle, two handguns and thousands of rounds of ammunition.
Also on my mind today is why no one has bought a single item from my new, online only, store. In case anyone still does not know, I am the co-owner to Plaster Designs by C&S which creates plaster models (which do NOT need to be re-fired after painting — that’s ceramics!) for people to paint and give as gifts or keep for themselves. I realize these models are not cheap by any means, but it is not cheap to make these either. These models range in price from $15 up to $30 (USD). I tried lowering them for the first two weeks we were in business, but still no one bought anything. Then I found out the shopping cart was busted. So I fixed that thinking now I’d get business. Still no one bought anything. I know people are getting to my site because I have a tracker on it. My concern is I had to eliminate a lot of advertising because my money is disappearing without people to buy my products. If only people could give me feedback on what I could do, but no one has done that yet. WHY??
I chose to die. Die and rebuild, so that I may truly live.
Conal: “Mum, I want to look like Puck!”
**Note: You could further simplify the recipe by using jarred sauce instead of making your own! I simply didn’t have any on hand.
In the name of charity, Spain's Athletic Bilbao played against 200 school kids at once! 2 teams of 100 kids each had to play half the game alternately against 11 players from Athletic Bilbao. As 100 kids seemed to be not enough, it was decided to let all the 200 kids play all together.
I've started work on it again. And have set a goal of December for completion. I approach the 20 000 word mark.
So, last night as I attended an after school meeting, I listened to the people on the other side of the table share about the people, places and things in their lives for which they are grateful. It was the weirdest after school meeting I have ever attended; I sat and I cried. I remembered that I love being an educator.
Of course Obama then makes it seem that letting people keep their money is stealing from veterans, letting people freeze to death (“Or a family that’s struggling to get by maybe is getting less home heating oil assistance.”), old people’s healthcare…along with unconstitutional payments for student loans. As if taxing is the only option, rather than smart cuts, intelligent regulation, efficiency, reduction of waste, and turning programs over to the states. No, Obama has only a vision of tax or no tax. No other option is available because he isn’t even concerned with justice or fairness.
Here is her pitch:
I do not have that problem and am content to leave certain stories open to interpretation based on what has come before. Magnolia is a big, emotionally charged ilm for which you have to toss out all logic in order to enjoy. It does not fulfill a regular moviegoer’s expectation, but it does offer something wonderful.
let h = shuffle (addi3 l v) in let t = t *. t in f := !f +. 8. *. t *. t *. magnitude h y done; !f let fBM ?(octaves=5) = let rec go f w i (x, y, z as p) = if i == 0 then f else let f = f +. w *. noise p in go f (0.5 *. w) (pred i) (2. *. x, 2. *. y, 2. *. z) in go 0. 1. octaves let clampb n = (n lor ((255-n) asr (Sys.word_size-2))) land lnot (n asr (Sys.word_size-2)) land 255 let rescale f = clampb (int (0.5 +. ldexp (f +. 1.) 7))
EAPJI Blog (eapjiblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
35.Palm position. If someone offers you a handshake with their palm down, they are demonstrating their sense of dominance or authority. Likewise, a handshake or a significant-other’s hand-hold with the palm facing up indicates they are open and more submissive.
Do you love posting/ looking at Outfits of the Days? Face of the Days? Random beauty/fashion posts in general? You're like me! & You'll definitely adore the App/Website Pose.
Although we continue to see the appearances of the image on the screen, our actual experience is always only the screen itself.
As always, any comments on this tricky issue will be gratefully received.
The Jesuits continually try to pass restrictive gun legislation. The second amendment to the Constitution says, "the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed." Every gun law that congress has ever passed is a direct violation of the United States' Constitution. Because of the crime and terrorism in our country today, and because of the government and media propaganda against guns, people are made to believe that these laws are necessary.
Nick Does NOT Like Surprises!
Hope you are having a good week. At least it's nearly the weekend! ~♥~
Mon-AM: 1:51, 4000' ~ Green & Bear
It was not physical abuse, which I don’t condone. It was not even particularly dangerous, though parents who never let their kids out of their sight will argue otherwise. What it was was a dramatic gesture – a wigged out one, indeed – but I could see myself, some day, doing something just about as dramatic. One night I was so mad my tween-age son hadn’t taken out the garbage after being asked 18 times (at least) that I said, “I’m going to scream.” And then I did. Bloody murder.
Happy to all be together again.
11. So Kold
*Share an entree/dessert.
The answer is YES.
I had a case in point this morning. I'd seen the fountain near the station yesterday evening, which had iced up all nicely in the recent sub-zero temperatures and because the council people hadn't turned off the water. Usually this isn't a problem, most winters are such that temperatures get down to a couple of degrees below zero, nothing spectacular and well within the tolerance of the fountain pump's mechanical system. I made a mental note of the situation, planning to come back this morning with my camera to make some photos.
Snowboard KidsSBK: Snowboarding Kids
C-major:
If only one thing can be said with certainty, it is that we are still clearly in the grip of New Labour’s ‘adjective politics’ where the single words are no longer sufficient to describe a party’s core beliefs. Desperation indeed and evidence of a need to find multiple identities to try to conflate with ideals of ordinary people that are of a growing complexity. Perhaps, as English people, we should beware these Janus-like figures. We have seen their sort before.
In total, including Friday’s announcement and the previously announced closure of the Big Mountain complex in West Virginia, Patriot has slashed annual thermal production by more than 4 million tons compared with last year.
5. Are you a mac or a PC?
My sister and I were agreeing the other day that March — which supposedly comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb — continues to be one of those trying periods of every year. Because Lent always falls during this time, I half joked that all of Lent can feel like the Agony in the Garden. And then this morning she sent me an excellent article on this topic, and I started to make sense of the happenings of this past week.
Level 13: MP Cost: 10, Damage: 305%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
fully awake
With one of his elegant fountain pens – Karl had better taste in pens and paper than any man she knew, my wife maintained – Karl diagrammed the campaign structure.
Based on the comments received, I left the workshop with my fictional world intact but the plot in shambles. After finishing a difficult rewrite, I wrote Stephen and asked him if he would consider reading the book. He requested 50 pages.
Synopsis(B&N):
Before I forget, let me leave you with another picture. I think I may do up a page for these, collect them into a gallery of past ones, maybe. It’s getting harder to remember which ones I’ve posted already. I’m going to need to figure out a system of some kind.
The son of former Alabama Gov. Fob James promises to do away with the 12 foreign languages the test currently offers if he is elected in November. In the ad, James suggests his goal is to save taxpayers money. "Maybe it's the businessman in me," he says.
Landing Pages
My love for this Doctor is also heavily influenced by his original novels published after the show was cancelled. Though the current novels are being written for young adults the 7th Doctors novels were written for adults. They were usually dark, complicated, involved science fiction. These were stories that could never have been told on television and that dared to explore some of the backstory and mythology of Doctor Who. Great Books.
Hazy orange, nice light bubbly head.
When we correct for both gimmicks, counting both on- and off-budget costs over the first 10 years of implementation, the total cost of ObamaCare reaches — I’m so sorry about this — $6.25 trillion. That’s not a precise estimate. It’s just far closer to the truth than President Obama and congressional Democrats want the debate to be.
I also found a .svg file for the same or similiar type file here on cricutcraftyclare's blog. She indicates that she got her original file from Nancy who had created the file in DS from the splitcoaststamper's directions and template. Nancy doesn't have the DS cut file on her blog but she does say that you could contact her if you wanted one of her files. You can find Nancy's post on these backpacks on her blog here at Nancy's Craft Spot. Finally, I also found a post of a .svg file with or without the scorelines on the SCAL forum. It was posted by dchiu1 and can be found here. So, hopefully between these multiple sites, you should be able to find a cut file that will work for you no matter what cut file or software that you use. Thanks for stopping by.
“When are you going to write a real book?” (As opposed to the fake one you’re holding right now?)
This blend is made from 60% shiraz and 40% cabernet sauvignon grapes. Selected parcels of the wine are matured in French and American oak barrels.
HA! Instead, they got a bit of my Jersey "How you doin?" and "who needs a house out in Hackensack" accent and a 10 minute discussion on the pro's and con's of various formulations of anti-freeze.
Do you ever think off what to do with the extra tomato and chillies sauce (in packet) after having your KFC ? Yes here goes into the sweet and sour sauce! Great idea from my in-law. Well it is alright to use the tomato sauce from bottle :) I omit the chili sauce as my kids can't take heat.
The Grid
Smash (1x03) - Enter Mr. DiMaggio
When asked about the new opportunity 9th AKA Patrick Douthit said “I’m excited man, it’s a new frontier for me. I’m always excited for new frontiers”...
I could see the wheels turning in her very pretty head. “What about your classes?” she asked.
Nārada previously indicated that Kṛṣṇa’s associates would now be departing from the earth, following their master. After hearing this, the King saw so many inauspicious omens. Now, Arjuna returns after extreme delay from a visit to Kṛṣṇa with tears streaming down his pale face. In the face of all this horrific evidence, the king was unable to be patient and wait for a good time and place; he immediately began questioning Arjuna in great worry.
Hubby and I were fighting again, both being stubborn and making each other feel unloved. He is getting to where he cannot talk to me seriously unless we are with our therapist and she told him he was just being stubborn. We are seeing her again this week.
3: Break
reasons. One, I’ve had a couple of people come up to me and ask whether or not they should write a book, or say that they’re going to write a book. Be forewarned that this is not a venture to be taken lightly. You’ll need a helmet almost guaranteed, for this writing thing will have you pounding your head at times. Safety first.
Before he started his first day at the public school, I requested a meeting with the Principal to discuss Fred. I explained that I knew my son was challenging but I was willing to do whatever it took to support the school and the teachers who interacted with him. She worked persistently with his General Education teacher over the next year to get him the correct help. The General Education teacher, the Principal, his pediatrician and I all filled out the Behavior Assessment System for Children, Second Edition (BASC-2). From there Fred went to the Autism Diagnostic Clinic at Children’s Hospital in Seattle. “Medical professionals rely on detailed information about children’s behaviors in the classroom to help them make accurate diagnosis. Teachers are the best source for this information” (Pressley & McCormick, 2007, p. 378). Once he had the formal diagnosis of PDD, a task force was assembled. The task force included the Principal, General Education teacher, District Psychologist and I. I remember sitting in the very first meeting and feeling so thankful that all of these individuals whom were taking time out of their day to help my son. The team then openly discussed Fred and how he would receive an Individual Education Program (IEP). Fred’s IEP was the beginning of a new path that would help Fred be successful in school.
(part 2 of ?)
God is to be praised for blessing us the elect with all spiritual blessing in Christ. Because He (God) chose the elect before the foundation of the world declaring us to be Holy and blameless before Him. Being orphans without hope, God predestined us to adoption by Jesus Christ, all to the good pleasure of His will.
"Schools assume that children are not interested in learning and are not much good at it, that they will not learn unless made to, that they cannot learn unless shown how, and that the way to make them learn is to divide up the prescribed material into a sequence of tiny tasks to be mastered one at a time, each with its appropriate 'morsel' and 'shock'. And when this method doesn't work, the schools assume there is something wrong with the children - something they must try to diagnose and treat."
So, yesterday (Friday) I had a lot on my plate, and I knew that the best way to make sure it all got done was to put it all on the list...and boy, what a long list it was! And yes, I'm totally blogging about what I got accomplished yesterday because, well, I'm pretty impressed with myself that I got it all done, haha!
The copy edited manuscript for my forthcoming memoir, The Memory of All That, arrived on my doorstep this morning. Working with this, I have to complete all final revising in the next few days, because from here it goes to typesetting. Next time I see these words they will be set in first pass pages (those are the pages from which galleys are made and sent to reviewers), and no further changes will be possible beyond the corrections of typesetting errors.
2 tsp. coarse salt (less if you use table salt)
Booo! Eeeeevil Tories, driving the poor to destitution! I mean., it's not this man's fault that he's unemplo...
The moral of the story is that true love ascends everything.
Cinematographer
But 2012 has to be a year for looking forward. As Himself happened to say the other day apropo of nothing here,"It's never too late until they're nailing down the coffin." so there's still time for me to achieve whatever it is that I am trying to achieve from this writing lark.
What is disappointment, really, but just something short of your expectations? That made me think about my expectations--do I have them set unreasonably high? What makes me think that I deserve anything, anyway?
‘What sweet revenge it was on all the patients who had tormented staff by taking overdoses.’
About the same time as the Bishop's letter was sent out, the Rev. Matthías Jochumsson (1835-1920) set off on the third of his eleven trips abroad. He was the son of a poor farmer with a large family and did not go to school until a comparatively late age, by the aid of people who had been impressed by his talent. After graduating from the Theological School in Reykjavík, he took orders and was appointed to a small living in the neighbourhood of the town. This he resigned in the autumn of 1873, whilst in a state of mental distress over the loss of his second wife and being at the time, as so often in his early life, torn by an inner religious struggle. For the next few years he was editor of the oldest weekly periodical in Iceland, afterwards resuming his office as clergyman, and held two maj or livings successively until the turn of the century when he became the first Icelander to receive a pension from the Icelandic Parliament, which he held for the remaining twenty years of his life. - Matthías Jochumsson is one of the most comprehensive, inspired, eloquent yet prolific and uneven major Icelandic poets of any age. He is best known and will be longest remembered for the finest of his own poems and for his masterly .translations of various major works of world literature and for his many and spirited essays and letters. More than anyone else he has earned the honoured title of "Icelandic national poet. Above all he is the poet of life and faith as is evident for example from the national anthem - though it would be unfair to the poet to regard this as one of his very best poems.
Repeated machine translation changes it with the subtlety of a fine pencil, infusing it with just enough mystery to make it exotic.
I will admit that my inspiration piece for my composition book was based on my latest birthday card. I loved the simplicity and elegance of the card itself. I used one stamp to do the background on the red paper, the Very Vanilla Craft stamp pad from Stampin' Up and a dragon fly punch for this card.
I'm having one of those times in my life, one of those weeks, one of those days...where I feel like I have a LOT to say, to write, etc...but I'm having a hard time putting it all out there.
John Abraham…… Special appearance
Here are our translations of the track names, which we coined using our superior grasp on the Icelandic language:
And love can make one moan and whale
EU Intellectual Property Law, by Trevor Cook (Bird & Bird). This volume is published by Oxford University Press. Further details are available from the website here. According to the publisher, "European Union law affects the law of intellectual property in two main ways. The first is under EC Treaty provisions on non-discrimination, free movement of goods (in relation to parallel imports) and principles of competition law (in relation to licensing of IPRs or refusal to grant such licenses). A significant part of this book deals with those aspects of Community law that are common to most intellectual property rights across the EC, including the effect of the EC treaty on national intellectual property rights, limited harmonisation of those rights in some areas, and how EU law impacts on enforcement".
Tinto verano.
It is his love of DJing that honed the rhythmic vocal precision that can be heard in his new song: But it is years of experience and influence from mentors like Freddie McGreggor and Beres Hammond, that are paramount to the quality of lyrics and smooth singing voice heard in Musical Sniper’s new single, “For the Youths”. With a new album on the horizon, and a world tour in the making, music with such time invested in production and craft, stands predominantly in the ‘fast-food’ production so common today. “For the Youths” is an encouraging song, giving a voice to the less fortunate while representing a seasoned sound perfected through time.
I’m not in love or anything but after 10 hours the game is starting to gel with me. I like the regular additions of strange little bits of writing and voice acting that accompany even random events like buying stuff or completeing sidequests (of which there are MANY MANY, and all of the fetch quest or ‘farm 10 zugs’ variety). Not thrilled about that last part but the other facets of the game which is starting to emerge at the halfway point actually have plenty of character. Kind of like that dinosaur skeleton kit you got as a kid that let you sloowly dig up the remains of something cool from a block of compressed, unglamorous sand.
as near as the reach of your hand.
Make pie filling: melt butter in a medium heatproof bowl. Add sugar and salt and beat well. Add eggs, one at a time, and maple syrup. Reheat over a pan of simmering water until warm to the touch. Stir in pecans.
There is also one other trap lurking in the background of the choice between the Ivy League track and the Rutgers solution. If we give up the pursuit of grand achievement for my Pip and Polly, if we step out of the market and say no to the competition, how do I measure myself as a parent? When I don’t take my children to music lessons and sports camps and all the things other bourgeoisie children are doing, what metrics do I use to determine whether I am doing a good job? No one counts how many smiles or laughs they had this month. All the benchmarks are out there beyond the walls of my house. Inside, there is only me, Ava, and the kids and whether we feel things are going well or not. And how am I supposed to know what “going well” looks like? Its not like I’ve parented a hundred kids and have a sense of what that is. I have these two. They could be geniuses. They could be idiots. They could be the best kids in the world or the worst. If I don’t send them out there, how will I ever know?
The Be Healing Mandala...there is a web site / store that is full of intuitive women and one man. They are incredible! The lady that heads the group is quite amazing too. This group of people have come up with a Crystal Healing Grid Mandala. Each one of them has a stone/crystal on this grid that Claire has picked out specially for them and everyday someone charges it with a different energy or intent. You can purchase a place on this grid for a certain amount per month or week..I don't remember how it works. Anyway, I was added to it. Now, anytime someone works with it (especially Claire and especially when she's adding someone new) I get the tingly agitated feeling. Again, I just wish I knew how to channel that energy for the good. ....soon! lol
Butter a 9 x 9 pan.
The first second or two was a blur as the barn streaked by, over and over again, but gravity took hold soon enough. Pevan got one last brush with the miracle as they topped out, hanging close to the barn's roof, the sense of danger flickering for a moment. She banished the Gateway beneath them, pushing Jashi away so that they wouldn't tangle as their boots hit the packed dirt of the floor.
Sometimes the passing away of some public figure creates an orgy of tributes for the deceased on twitter. The celebrities feel compelled to tweet about it and the mask slips off in the process. This is a wrong precedent as some feelings of grief are more genuine and spontaneous if expressed in private. This type of show of loss is a put on act carried out for the benefits of followers and nobody is a winner in the bargain.
the darkest evening of this year.
Was peace and war in western hills,
This was Elie Wiesel, last night, at Boston University. A lecture titled, "Reflections on Good and Evil."
1 diced tomato
Karis
Start up weight Sumatra, is a crisp satay false from marinated offensive skin.
- up to 100 pieces
It’s just human nature,
I want to be seen in my children's memories,
But then a few days ago, one of the neighbors saw me outside playing with Big Puppy and waved me over to the crap hole and to the abandoned horse. He told me the whole saga about how the animals had been abandoned and who was caring for them. He wondered if I could do anything to help, what with my influence at the local newspaper. To be clear, I have no influence at the local newspaper, but I do have Facebook, and I complained there.
“Ah, so it is this court that would raise the strong up above the weak.” Peter responded, “I know another race that felt like you. Rome wished to raise the strong above the weak, but if I remember correctly, all they succeeded in doing was raising the criminals on trees, and falling themselves.”
Meanwhile, Lucy wasn't responding well to the epidural, so they moved me around a lot to get her heart rate into a happy zone. I got rolled to one side--- a little better--- then when it dipped again, I got rolled to the other side. Eventually they got me on my hands and knees, and WOW, that was by far the most comfortable position for me for relief from that tingling awful pressure. And yes, it's nuts that I was able to get on my hands and knees with a full epidural, but I am CONVINCED it was the perfect epidural-- not so strong I was totally paralyzed, so that I was able to feel the pressure of transition and imminent birth, and
I find this baffling! Suddenly, rather than replying to the suggestion that we shouldn’t believe in things (including God) for no good reason, he’s defending theism per se. Surely all that the atheological evidentialist objector (and note that Plantinga has dropped that middle word this time) has to argue is, not that believing in God is less survival promoting than not believing in God, but that believing things for no good reason is less survival promoting than believing things only for good reasons.
Until recent time, the media completely ignored the problems associated with immigration. The current obsession with libelling immigrants as criminals and/or the source of our financial ills, has come about with the expansion of the European Union to the frontiers of the Ukraine, Belarus and Russia. The anti-European racism of the media can be seen in the classification of gypsies as Romanians, and the implication that the increase in thefts from people with Romanian documents is due to European dishonesty. At the risk of being labelled racist myself, it is Gypsies who are thieves, and it is outrageous that Romanians are blamed for the innate criminality of the Gypsies who have dwelt amongst them, and now have spread their criminality to our shores.
I am thrilled to be a sponsor for ScrapFIT for the month of May. It is truly a fantastic inspirational challenge blog with an awesome design team (and great tutorials too!). This month you'll have 2 chances to win some Dusty Attic chipboard. You can find a healthy selection of
* 1 oz. orange liqueur (Cointreau)
Conclusion- Even if I find OoA to be the slower and less interesting of the two Oracle games, fantastic puzzles and superior story content aside, I still really enjoy it as one of the best games that the Game Boy Color ever saw, period. Despite the primitive portable hardware, exploring Labrynna really does feel like a grand, epic experience, even today, and it’s a world with two different time periods rife with secrets and goodies to discover, even after you’ve completed the main quest. Sure, the time-hopping idea has been done before in Ocarina of Time, but in my opinion, the idea of manipulating the course of two different timelines to cause ripples that affect the other time is better capitalized on here compared to Ocarina, plus, the game keeps on giving when you link it up with Seasons and find that passwords unlock even more to play with. It’s truly a shame that the trilogy had to be shortened to two titles, and had these games been developed for the Game Boy Advance or even more likely the DS, Nintendo may have had enough development resources to create a proper ‘Triforce Trilogy’ of games. Alas, us Zelda fans just have to wonder what might have been for Mystic Seed of Courage, but considering what we DID get, OoA is still a lengthy and expansive game that marks one of the most ambitious and successful games to ever come to the Game Boy Color, and that’s not even considering its equally awesome sibling! Hopefully, these games will be re-released on the 3DS eShop to be rediscovered by a new generation of gamers, but for now, you’ll need to deal with tracking down the old Game Boy Color catridges if you actually want to play these games. Still, even if the password system is a bit too stuck in 2001, the adventure in OoA itself has held up extraordinarily well, even if it’s a bit dependent on you also owning Seasons to get the full effect, which means dropping twice the money and performing twice the search on tracking these games down. Yeah, you may just want to wait for an eShop re-release, even if it could be years down the road, but I really hope Nintendo gives these games a second chance in one form or another at some point, because they really are great Zelda games, even if Nintendo passed development duties off to Capcom subsidiary, Flagship for these games. There may be a lot of ambition and promise that was just never realized with these games, but the final product is still awesome, and still well worth tracking down for dedicated Zelda fans. There’s little else I can say on the issue, so I suppose all that remains is to give my two cents on Seasons…
8. Sick
Yeah, I did it.
By Justin Much
(The reference is to a report by the United Nations Environment Programme)
She still didn't believe him but when they were finished
The Taste: Interesting… There’s a slight sweetness to this (discovered pineapple chunks in here, well this is Hawaiian Style Pizza here. Oh, and they live up to that spicy on the box too. My month and tongue are pretty fired up now.
When completely cool, place two pumpkin halves together to create one pumpkin.
” What happens when people with no control go against people IN control”
Caring for Jesse Cole's would-be bride is the least Seth can do. If it weren't for him, the young man would still be alive. Seth had promised to look after Rebecca—and to keep her safe from Jesse's enemies. Now if only he can keep his heart safe, as well….
“You guys may get a little bit wet,” I said.
213) seeing and being with my "farm" sister and her two gorgeous kids
Today was my lucky day; my Amanda just so happened to be my shopping companion. Who better to help me investigate the cosmetics department than a teenage girl? They are practically a walking encyclopedia of beauty trends. Besides, I am always admiring her eye make-up. Perhaps today is the day I learn her secrets……
A Wind at My Back Christmas ... BYU ... 2 AM
There is no other explanation for Christianity. It should have died out and entirely disappeared when Christ died and was buried, except for the fact that Christ was truly risen, and that during the 40 days before his Ascension, he interacted with his Apostles and disciples, and on one occasion even with hundreds of his followers.
His name and his wife names appear both as “OTs”. These people have wasted their lives and their money. They would have been better off going to The Bahamas.
NO BAKE WALNUT BARS
Here's a close up. Mum has used some gorgeous variegated thread so it looks amazing. The next stage is added some beads and then I think it can be backed and made up into a wall hanging. I don't think I'll be able to sneak away with this one though as it's Mum's favourite project at the moment, hehe!
He has been so unimpressive in a Blueshirt. When he was on the Minnesota Wild, he actually had a little skating in him and a nice hard shot to justify his ice time. He was slimmer; quicker; and won every fight handily.
The end result:
all your rights and wrongs.
Count me in as soft, chickens.
2. Post Banana Nut Crunch Cereal and Milk
Combine egg whites and sugar in a large mixing bowl. Place mixing bowl over a simmering saucepan of water to create a double boiler. Continuously whisk sugar and egg white mixture until it reaches 160 degrees. Remove from heat and place in bowl of stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment. Mix on medium-high until mixture is thick and fully cooled. Add in butter piece by piece. Once fully combined, switch to paddle attachment and mix for an additional 2-3 minutes. Add in pistachio paste, almond extract, and food coloring- mix well until combined.
You feel like there is something holding you back, pushing against all your determination to change. Something stands within you like a mountain to high and long to get around. It's an invisible mountain that blocks you from any significant cellular shift in belief.
As for baking, in the past few weeks I've baked pumpkin bread, and cake pops! I made some really cute pumpkin bread mini loaves using a decorative pan my parents bought me from walmart. It's better homes and gardens and it is just down right adorable. I totally forgot to take a picture of the finished product, though :(
The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball.
I am in charge of America at the moment, and have been for some time.
One of the 'crazy' things about me (before you start to wonder...my husband loves me crazy), my head always thinks in songs. This week, the song I found myself singing the first verse of was Allison Kraus's "Missing You".
I say "sort of" because today is moving day for everything in our apartment, except Thomas, me and the cats.
Where do you stand on the Moffatt/Gatiss vs Ritchie issue? Or Cumberbatch/Downey Jr one? (Or even Freeman/Law if you like)
However, this speculation, leads, to still another illation that since 1978 itself U.S.A and India reached a tacit understanding that the radicalization of Talibans for fighting Jihad against Russians would inevitably lead to clericalisation of the Pakistan polity. That would in turn lead to distrust of U.S and Indian policies towards Af-Pak region.
The Manufacture of Black Malt.— Black malt is manufactured by placing ordinary malt directly into roasting drums and scorching it to the desired type of colour, without any previous moistening. According to practical experience it is advisable to have the black malt drums of such dimensions that about 2.5 cwts. of malt may be scorched in one operation. The drums may be heated by open fire, and for carrying off the gases of the lower one. The material is first heated in the upper drum, revolving about 9 to 10 times a minute. When the malt begins to show the first tints of scorching, the process is continued and finished in the lower drum over the direct fire until the desired depth of colour is reached. The lower drum makes 11 to 12 revolutions per minute.
“It could give us a bit of a jolt,” NASA solar physicist Alex Young said.
Chapter 3 - Volcanoes and Earthquakes
Today.. is the birthday of my little Princess!!
This Belgian house is featured in many of renowned international magazines.
Onwards.
I gotta find the picture from this. Maybe my folks have it and can scan it.
And a box of baby clothes came all the way from Australia-- thank you so much!
I could free the captives with the truth. How many people are in prisons real and invisible because of lies? How many of us have been held back because of a lie? How many families and friends have been torn apart because the truth was twisted and hidden from sight? If you knew the truth, you could set things right; and if you were fully operating in the truth, you would set things right! How cool would that be? That would be the ultimate cool, to free captives!
After Godspeed folded and i went West i came back to Jersey to jam w/ some of the best guys around.... Chris Kosnik formerly of Godspeed and then of Atomic Bitchwax. Kieth Ackerman of Bitchwax and Shane M Green of Nudeswirl. everyone had great ideas and we wrote some killer tunes. We played some great shows and then as quick as it started it fell apart. I started Solace right at the tail end. I think Shane played with Daisycutter for a breif while and Chris and Keith focused on Bitchwax....
Claire xx
Sheriff
Again the biggest farce of all are all the managerial skills that are in demand. All those managers that are truly innovative get asked to leave. What is demanded is to be able to keep control.
All eleven disciples were present and we note their solidarity of purpose: they were all of one mind and they continued with one accord. It is true that they were waiting for the Holy Spirit and the gifts of the Holy Spirit and in the meantime they were worshipping God with prayer and supplication. They wanted to be ready, well equipped and prepared for the empowering that was coming. What else could they do? Nothing draws a body of believers together more than a purposeful prayer meeting.
I recommend it. I think I may look up her other book(s ? ). At any rate, I love comedians. Feel a kinship really. Actually, I adored so many of her sentiments it really makes me feel for her "aw, what a sweet and human gal. That's nice."
3) The third thing preachers need to learn is what motivated the writing of “Excellence in Preaching”, namely that we learn much from preaching by listening to good preachers. Apart from the obvious fact that preachers need to hear God’s word explained and applied for their own spiritual health, the language of mentoring and modelling is important here. My prayer and hope is that good preachers will notice and appreciate the things good preachers do: not to mimic but rather to observe and learn.
His tantrums aren't necessarily because he isn't getting what he wants, like if he spots Lightning McQueen anything in a store and I say no- they are because he is frustrated because he can't tell me. *sigh* and it's just plain hard to watch sometimes. I WANT to help him, I WANT to know what he is trying to tell me. But it just isn't there yet. And I don't know what I can do to make it better.
instead of ashes,
ELIF SHAFAK, (born 1971, Strasbourg, France) is a Turkish writer who writes in both Turkish and English. Her books have been translated into more than thirty languages. Elif Shafak has emerged as one of the most distinctive voices in contemporary literature in both Turkish and English. She has published twelve books, eight of which are novels.
Amit Bansal answers, Do not give specific details. In fact you can let your interviewer know that you will not be able to share some confidential information. I am sure any good company will appreciate your attitude.
Til next time, happy stitching
27) Narisawa (Tokyo, Japan)
Don’t want you storming in my eyes another day.
3. They make hollandaise sauce that is both cream and rich. The last time I made hollandaise sauce I had to keep adding lemon juice to have any flavour to it at all. This time, I actually followed the recipe, and well the sauce speaks for itself. It will go quite well with the biscuits and bacon later.
Have you forgotten to close the backdoor with the result that the creep came in with a backpack filled with Swedish folklore? Why do you have a preference for that kind of music?
very angry Celtic god wants that sword, and he’s hounded Atticus for centuries. Now the determined deity has tracked him down, and Atticus will need all his power—plus the help of a seductive goddess of death, his vampire and werewolf team of attorneys, a sexy bartender possessed by a Hindu witch, and some good old-fashioned luck of the Irish—to kick some Celtic arse and deliver himself from evil.
And that makes me sad for those who may never know Christ. I believe that no matter how hard the enemy tries to keep someone from knowing the truth in Christ, if that person’s name is in the Book of Life, the enemy will fail. No matter how much someone may imitate the truth, God will always triumph because he sends someone to plant, someone to water, and someone to harvest to those whom He has called to Him.
Alien we need a fresh and new religion to run our lives
A rare moment when Magdalena and her pal, Buddy, were not hard at play.
In addition to using training runs and races to work out all of the kinks and feel better prepared for the main event, I also use a few motivational tools to keep me focused and confident as I head into a race.
“Don’t answer me with a question, Iqra. Respond to it directly. And you dare not lie.” Sufi retorted in a forewarning manner.
Are you kidding me? Seriously??? Where do I work?
The founder of Galaxy Express found me because I was invited by a Romance writer to a co-blog of very widely published SF Romance writers, Rowena Cherry.
Music is great but it’s also weird. I woke up with Never Let You Go by Third Eye Blind playing in my head. I only like, maybe, three of their songs. But this was so muse-like that I scrapped my original post and reworked something for Vi and her dad. The lyrics are perfect for this entry, because Mallory, that girl is like a sunburn. Here’s Third Eye Blind, a excelent description on our grieving dad.
This concept of low access to healthy food options in low socio-economic communities led to the term “food desert.” A food dessert is defined by the U.S. government as “a low-income census tract where a substantial number or share of residents has low access to a supermarket or large grocery store.” There are more than 6,500 food deserts in the continental U.S. (food desserts are not yet defined for Hawaii and Alaska) and 75 percent of them are in urban areas. Some studies have correlated low access to healthy food options to higher obesity rates.
I'll post pictures come Monday!
13:00 : 13:30 Welcome & Coffee
Eat, my child, a plate of quinoa
Ok today's card will be the last one from me this week, as we are going up 'North' (well Yorkshire to be precise) for a few days so OH can see his family, especially his very talented / clever Dad, who won The Sunday Times Magazine cartoon caption this week (so if any of you get it, check it out, as it's very funny) and also it will be my Birthday on Friday, so i will take the cards i have received already with me.
Durant: "I am Apollo reborn."
Leno dipped his apple in the honey, and took a bite. He got a big round of applause.
I'm very excited about trying this new way of gardening since I have had NO luck so far in the soil around my new house. I usually have a pretty good green thumb, but almost everything I've tried so far just hasn't done very well. I say almost because I have some Rosemary growing next to my carport that has done OK, but hasn't really flourished. Maybe next year it will do a little better.
the hammer blow falls
“I am NOT late! I am NEVER late! NOoooo, bullSHIT, I AM here, yes, on my way up the trail… you ARE? Then why are you pretending you didn’t see my car? loser!….
Amongst the claims made against EMI's Capitol Records by Kenny Rogers in his 2012 lawsuit was that the label diverted substantial sums of his royalty income to a ‘suspense’ account, that he received no royalties on records sold through record clubs, that 100% of the costs of promotional videos were allocated against Roger’s videos (rather than the 50% agreed), that $50,000 was deducted as unexplained ‘expenses’, that whilst he suffered international tax deductions he never received the benefit of tax credits Capitol received on the same income, and that Rogers never received any share of performance royalties from his sound recordings (so called “PPL” income). Whilst public performance of sound recordings in the USA does not generate a royalty from terrestrial radio, satellite and internet radio does produce income and globally where radio plays do produce revenue, the income generated from Roger’s recordings must be enormous, Rogers also claims that the record label never accounted to him for one cent of the substantial damages won by the labels against services such as Kazaa, Napster. Audiogalaxy and Grokster.
The Beastie Boys were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame last month, but Yauch was unable to attend the ceremony.
Carly: If I live with you where will my kids sleep?
Adjective your best friend would use to best describe you?
motherhood. i always do. but more-so as mother's day approaches.
So… How important is your Bio ? Apparently to Literary Agent, Rachelle Gardner, it is very important when it’s placed in a Query Letter. By the way, she has a very informative and, at times “Bubble Bursting”, Blog that is truly a must read for those new and aspiring authors. Be warned. You may not like some of what she writes. Her posts are blunt, to the point and often times discouraging to those that may not have the fortitude to push past the obstacles she readily points out. Despite my love/hate, albeit one sided relationship with her, those posts are the first I read with my morning coffee. But I digress.
Cherio kiddies.
Breathing out slowly, she now felt almost at ease. She just needed to get that damn boy out of her head and then she could get on with her homework.
no, no...maggie and her man zeke are still going strong :) but other than zeke and her MAIN man (daddy of couse) the other man miss maggie loves is elmo! i'm telling you i believe she would watch sesame street ALL DAY long! she loves watching sesame street, all of it, but when elmo's world
Ammo and charge: As an alternative to recording individual rounds and units of charge for weapons that require them, any attack roll which produces a double 6 indicates that the weapon has only enough ammo or charge for one more attack after the current attack is resolved. In the case of weapons using large, expensive or rare rounds or units of charge, a double 5 or double 6 has this effect. The GM may increase or decrease the probabilities at his or her discretion to better represent a given weapon or situation.
Kitted out in jaunty red caps and wielding giant fishing nets, MSPCA dog-catchers snatch animals wherever they see them — sleeping on street corners, lingering in alleys or lazing on their own doorsteps.
not the most family-friendly
“To aspire to be a Tiffany and Co. customer, to dream about Tiffany, is certainly a powerful part of what happens here,” said Tiffany’s Chairman and CEO Michael Kowalksi. “We welcome it and encourage it.”
"I not that beautiful, I not that handsome. But I am fucking chingon."
Why is the Church described as one?
Curious, you looking down your nose at me, while you appease
serves: lots
Even though the Powhatans returned the prisoners and some of the equipment they had captured, the colonists were not satisfied and a year-long negotiation began. In that time Pocahontas remained captive in the town of Henricus where she fell under the influence of Reverend Alexander Whitaker, who persuaded her to embrace Christianity. While there she also succumbed to the romantic advances of John Rolfe, a pious tobacco planter who had recently lost his wife. After being baptised under the new name of Rebecca she married Rolfe on 5th April 1614. In January the following year, the couple had their only child, Thomas Rolfe. While the marriage did not secure the return of all the colonists' possessions, it did cement amicable relations between them and the Powhatans.
“It’s performance review season, and you know the drill. Drag each of your direct reports into a conference room for a one-on-one, hand them an official-looking document, and then start in with the same, tired conversation. Say some positive things about what the employee is good at, then some unpleasant things about what he’s not good at, and end — wearing your most solicitous grin — with some more strokes of his ego. The result: a mixed message that leaves even your best employees feeling disappointed. But if you take the right approach, appraisals are an excellent opportunity to reinforce solid performers and redirect the poor ones.
1 luxurious
For me, this is a hugely difficult one. Bourbon, rye and single malt are my favorite whiskey styles, and I love them all equally. Not sure what to do, I tried some empirical research. First, I looked at my own shelves and found I've got about equal amounts of Scotch and American whiskeys. Next, I looked at the scores I've given on the LA Whiskey Society site to see which type of whiskey I've rated highest in those tastings. It turns out that of my few "A" ratings on that site, exactly half are Scotch and half are American, so no help there.
Joe Wallace/Gearwire: Tell me a bit of Bang Gang history, how did you get started and how long did it take you to become technically savvy in the studio?
Last week I learned that H3 is back on Facebook.
Begins with photograph of the "false accuser"--12.30am photo. Mangum is laughing, four minutes after calling escort service, holding purse and Dave Evans' shaving kit.
The culture continued, marking the worst record in the 23rd day of November, 2009. 58 persons were ambushed, and among them were 32 media personnel. They were brutally murdered. Slain like wild animals. The infamous Maguindanao Massacre heightened the call to put an end to impunity.
I loved so many things about this book. The concept is rich – Ismae (love the name!!) is rescued from abuse, smuggled across the country to a Convent fortress where she is trained in the arts of Killing. It’s like Cinderella + Graceling. What a fun combination!
(Sophie Staples, 2009)
2) Wonder Boy, who is normally a sweet, good-natured kid, is going through some kind of demon child phase and is crying, whining, and being generally unreasonable. (Sounds like his mother, doesn't he? All's I can say is, he started it). I am convinced it is caused by one of 2 things: either I made a terrible mistake in filling up his summer with different kinds of camps and we really should have stuck with just one, or I am a complete failure as a parent and he is turning into a spoiled brat who will end up not unlike the 30-year-old child prodigy turned compulsive gambler I saw on the addictive reality show "Intervention!" (pardon the pun) who adamantly believed that a parent's responsibility to support a child -- including payment of gambling debts -- ended only at the parent's death.
Pour in! whelm that which asks, which sings, with all and the yield
See What I See by Gloria Whelan
I'm pretty sure I will have to try a little.
The Italian explorer Antonio Raimondi also came very close to stumbling across the ruins of Machu Picchu during his exploration of the Urubamba valley in 1858 when, during a trek from the town of Quillabamba to Cuzco, he descended down from the mountains to the Urubamba river at the village of Chaullay, at which point the river was crossed by the great Inca bridge Choquechaca, around 25 kilometres from Machu Picchu mountain. He actually named the mountain of a map included in his report on the journey a number of years later in 1891 but made no mention of its ruins. Raimondi’s map is of one of a number of maps that were produced prior to Hiram Bingham’s visit which show either Machu Picchu or its surroundings. In 1868 the Peruvian government hired the Swedish-born American engineer John Nystrom to chart a path linking Cuzco to with the Santa Ana valley. This route, which ran alongside the Urubamba river shows the source of a hot spring (“Aguas Calientes” in Spanish). However, Nystrom’s map makes no mention of Machu Picchu which was located just across the river.
just the pure joy of reading a book?
Although Waze’s navigation skills are very serviceable, it really shines with its live traffic and other data provided by other users of the app. When I was out testing the app I noticed a policeman in a McDonald’s parking lot who ended up going the same arbitrary route I was going for awhile, to the point where I thought they were following me until I pulled over out of paranoia. I took this opportunity to look at the Waze screen and that police car’s location was reported on the map. Additionally, the map showed the current traffic on various streets—not just highways—and where I could expect accidents. I was surprised by the level of accuracy. Waze really demonstrates how well crowd-sourcing can work.
Efficiency: 75%
We must stress that this is a very small number of Muslim fanatics and not the wider Muslim community so lets unite against these worthless scum and turn out in our numbers be that Muslim, Catholic, Christian, Jewish, White, Black or Asian. Turn out in your numbers so the whole country can see the residents of Luton are fed up and are having no more of it!!
The Buddha man seems content just sitting there. He must be meditating again.
Chicken or vegetable broth (or pasta cooking water)
Many mental health patients feel this way too and they are being denied much more than just data. Some mental health patients are legally forced to contract services of providers who prescribe a potentially lethal medication management regime. Their options are limited and alternatives are not made available.
Shit, this eight-hour trip took me five days to write up!
Generally speaking, the closer the family member the bigger the impact. This was our Auntie, not a parent/sibling or even a child – which I’m sure would have a much more profound impact on our marriage. So for now, I am going to try to just focus on the death of a loved one within your marriage’s now-shared family…
The timing couldn’t be better as this is one of the classes I’m teaching at Quiltmaker’s Block Party in Williamsburg, VA in August! We couldn’t show it to you before this point, because it had to come out in the magazine first – and now you know!
We discovered that there were some gorgeous sights to see right next to our lodgings, first a waterfall to which we arrived after a very short hike over the tree roots and steps cut into the rock. It was unbelievably lovely being misted by the glacial water spray and, I will not lie to you, one was rather tempted to have a dip in the beautiful cool waters.
After the first week of my regular visits (there were no ‘off’ days, and never any ‘sick’ days for this shift!), I saw a figure sitting at the opposite end of the bar table. He wore glasses, had a mole on his cheek and kept staring at me over his glasses.
Namaste…
15. Mobb Deep – Shook Ones pt. 2
It’s a rainy April morning in Pittsburgh. If I was starting a novel that would be a boring first line, unless it was followed by this sentence: “The wet ground made it difficult to drag the body from the house to the woods without leaving tracks.”
Me: (looking through window) Oh my God, Barry's fallen in!
with someone else's Jack O' Lantern sitting
* Do you read submissions personally or are they given to readers? If so, at what stage would they go to you?
Contrasting the old and the new, Randall Cream noted that unlike traditional archives whose contents are not always fully known, digital archives and databases afford more certainty because their creation involves detailed and defining–an encyclopedic naming of their various parts. For Cream, this difference has also meant that searching the digital archives lacks the serendipitous discovery that scholars often experience when working in brick-and-mortar archives. He suggested concept-linked searching as a possible means of fostering chance discoveries within digital environments, a suggestion that provided a fitting segue to Bill Blake’s talk on crafting more effective digital searches. Blake argued for thinking beyond topical keyword searches aimed solely at retrieval. Instead, he called for adopting more quality, conceptually-based searches that will yield better results; such searches will counter the drift and spread that occur when the aim of retrieval replaces the goal of discovery. (Given earlier EMOB discussions of semantic- or meaning-based searches, it should be noted that Blake was referring to the ways users select and fashion search terms and not to the new search platforms that enable semantic or meaning-based searching such as Mimas used in JISC’s Historic Books collection.)
'The ward', as a setting, as a physical space, is a representation of the character's psyche. Its winding corridors, like the corridors of the mind, become a labyrinth, leading everywhere and nowhere simultaneously. The evil that lurks within this maze of emotions - the literal 'monster in the box' that stalks and picks-off, one by one, these vulnerable young women - represents a great trauma; but the same can be said of the characters as well. Where The Ward succeeds is in creating this dichotomy between what is felt by the central character and what is presented on-screen; where the uncontrollable bursts of emotion (cf. Run Baby Run) are not only a respite from the solitude of confinement, physical and psychological, but an outward expression of the character's inner thoughts and fears.
Positive thoughts are paramount
Similarly in the field events I'm thinking that Reese Hoffa, Ryan Whiting and Derek Miles have the goods if they just get it right on the right day. So I'm stepping out there on that limb with them as well.
I think those two colors are so pretty together!
Ask for opinions after showing an open house when you are selling your home. You can have them fill out a small card as they get ready to leave, or you can just ask them yourself. These comments will let you know what people are liking about the house, as well as what worries they are having.
There are eight known nuclear bomb explosion sites in North Korea. In 2003, it withdrew from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, expelling the IAEA inspectors. In 2006, it tested a nuclear device and fired off six missiles, including a Taepodong II. Since 2007 the usual useless diplomatic kabuki dance has been conducted between North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan, and the U.S.
his bedroom door seeing his little "fuzzy" head, and
Barbara Streisand, Judy Garland, Doris Day, Maria Callas and Rosemary Clooney.
“Times have changed… I believe Malaysian women will reject this weak and unprincipled Wanita Umno wing,” she told a press conference in Parliament today.
The unemployed single mother had been supporting her six other children with the aid of food stamps and Social Security disability payment – sources of income that she continues to rely on.
But that target may be too high to avoid dangerous climate change, Diffenbaugh said, noting that millions of Americans could see a sharp rise in the number of extreme temperature events before 2039, when the 2-degree threshold is expected to be reached.
Then light and swift through the jungle trees
So we return to our places,
GM: An interesting question. I think there must be figures. For example the council overpaid contractors £39 million. And £174 thousand spent on bottled water. And £600 thousand spent on a day out. (There were other figures. GM had evidently been doing homework.)
I love glasses, and particularly collections of vintage glasses. There is nothing nicer, I think, than offering guests unusual Champagne or wine glasses to drink from. (NB I stole this idea from the Champagne Bar at the Dokhan hotel in Paris!) If you set out a tray of different glasses for your guests, they can choose for themselves, and what's more, they'll know which one is theirs at the end of the night when everybody's drunk too much of the good stuff.
We've been on an adventure this afternoon. While Gaines was taking his afternoon nap Reed told Beau and me that he was going on a trip around the world. We had a fairly lengthy discussion about how he was going to get around (walk), what he was going to eat (pizza), what he'd do if he got thirsty (he was going to take a "nice, cool drink of lemonade" with him) and what he was going to pack.
EDIT: After you voted a few times, this message is displayed:
To cut a long story short, as we met up for our usual Thursday evening at the quiz, travel vouchers worth £1,000 were presented to the gob-smacked couple along with two tickets to see The Raconteurs (they should've been seeing them in Atlantic City - but they'll have to make do with Manchester ;-)). And there's still a couple of hundred pounds to put towards a helicopter ride round the Grand Canyon.
Today’s News A la Jessica:
And it confirmed something I've been trying to convince my friends about for some time:
But I do mourn the loss of a private life and a growing culture of conformity that would have branded some my mother's colleagues as unemployable.
Rube Goldberg Abstract and Music of the Spheres both use geometric motifs that are vaguely CERN-ish. I walked past great big mounted collider beauty shots every day for about a decade, thanks to the HEP group downstairs. The imagery gets into one’s brain. If we look at how our understanding of the universe has progressed, there were theories that became increasing complex and kludgey until a new insight once again created an apparent simplicity and elegance. Sort of like the glass shells containing all the heavenly bodies moving with the “Music of the Spheres” gave way to a heliocentric solar system. In our own time this process seems to be accompanied by discussions about the “End of Science”. With a new insight possibly on the horizon it feels like the right time to contemplate the Music of the Spheres.
Ironically, though, it was the entire concept of communication and the expressing of ideas in new ways that Nick and I we're chatting about.
A girl that I fancied suggest I apply to this "vacation club" her family frequented a couple counties up the coastline.
I get that Rex's systems have historically been predicated on the ability of his corners to employ single coverage. That allows maximum pressure on the quarterback by the front 6-7-or 8...hell sometimes even 9.
During my pregnancy I had a feeling that something wasn't right. I couldn't shake it and just kept telling myself it was anxiety. I spent the better part of my pregnancy in funeral homes, so it made sense to me that I was just being over anxious.
Finally, save the date for an evening discussion of Christian theology and Wal-Mart put on by our friends at the Boston Faith and Justice Network. This event will feature a panel discussion on Christian ethics and the practices of Wal-Mart. RSVP at the link below.
The EPA established these new standards with the goal of reducing the exposure of children and wildlife to rodenticides, while at the same time still allowing residential users, livestock producers, and professional applicators access to a variety of effective and affordable rodent control products. A range of different types of bait stations will meet the new requirements, providing flexibility in cost.
When you'd reach into a muddy gutter for a penny.
Where once tea was the madness that we shared
Some of my favorite verses are below. When I first read this passage a year ago I had an understanding that we should eat the Word. Now, don’t go tearing out pages of your Bible and start eating them. I mean that we shouldn’t only read the Bible but we should eat and digest it, so that it becomes part of us. We must take note that the Bible isn’t just a book. It is a way of life.
When constructing your educational and background experience, make a separate document for references. Three is enough, but remember, don’t send the reference page attached to your résumé. If contact information is visible on the résumé, potential employees will know how to get a hold of you.
Our day went perfectly. Bryce & Drew woke before their alarms excited about their big day. They ate a good breakfast, we snapped a few pictures and then hopped on the golf cart for our 6 minute drive to school.
It is a silicone spray water proofing agent. I usually apply two coats, just to be sure. Then I let then whole thing cure for a day or two and test it under running water.
We counted 116 eggs! Isn't that incredible? Kai was especially thrilled to do this. When he saw the turtle laying eggs he was very concerned. He told me he was thinking right away about the eggs getting destroyed. He was remembering another scene from a few weeks ago, talking to a homeless man.
Sometimes, these are necessary to advance the cause of evangelism, but they are not evangelism. Denominations and ecclesiastical structures need occasional, healthy upheaval. But unless we’re careful, we may end up thinking that one more meeting and a new way of doing things constitutes evangelism. Structural reorganizations may end up being commensurate with rearranging chairs on the deck of the Titanic.
SUBJECT: Purple Sand Cherry
“Mercy!” The President paused for a moment exhibiting grave concern. “Tell me we know who has this weapon Secretary Penfold. Tell me we know where it is!”
Connection-wise both models come with standard Bluetooth and WiFi connections while the 3G model also includes, well a 3G connection.
They say there is evidence to suggest that bombs have been planted in many of vehicles by the “Nato contractors” – individuals or companies who have been contracted by Nato to supply fuel and goods to forces in Afghanistan.
They do briefly slow down and turn off distortion for parts of the 8-minute closing track, but even then it doesn't sound like they're going easy on you--just waiting for the right moment to strike.
And how did you know those edits were right for your story?
Today's project is a little tutorial:
As an aside: This photo is showing Stephen (and you) how much I enjoy pushing buttons. In this instance, on my Mom’s latest addition; a fancy-schmancy recliner chair that does just about everything but the dishes. My Mom tolerates my playing around with all the settings…a lot.
I have been lucky enough to take two different workshops in August. Since I was a self taught feltmaker in the beginning, it was only through the Northeast Feltmakers Guild that I had had any real instruction. I took my first official (ie paid for) class two years ago with Linda Veilleux and the next summer I spent a week at Shakerag in India Flint's Quiltfelt Landskin class. Having two back to back workshops this year was a big deal for me. Especially as the first one was at the Felter's Fling. I had decided that if this was going to be the last year that Sharon Costello was going to run the Fling I was going to go whether I could really afford it or not. Because I have been teaching I decided that it was important for me to take workshops myself. Teaching has also given me some extra funds to reinvest in my feltmaking.
Yo! All you babbling baboons in Washington — sit down, shut up, and pay attention: The federal deficit is not the problem; it’s but a symptom of the problem. Stop trying to fix the deficit — sucking on cough drops won’t cure pneumonia. If you fix the core problem, then the deficit will eventually go away on its own.
Blogging for dummies chapter 8: Blog movies into a discussion! Everybody loves wasting time during the work day discussing movies.
Yes, it is! I’ve always loved the genre, and Kat’s story just naturally fit into it - from the moment I heard her speaking the first lines of the novel in my head, I knew she was young, not yet an adult, so of course her story was going to fit into children’s fiction. I would be very happy to write in that genre forever - it’s so rich and full of possibilities.
Beth: Miles 7-12, I still don’t have tons to say here either. The words of Alex a.k.a. @aeross played in my head somewhere in here “remember to smile,” and Alex, I gave it my best! There was a point where I almost twisted my ankle from smiling and not paying attention to the ground. Ha. A chunk of this section is still familiar to us from our half last year and what’s not familiar is still off from White Rock Lake. At mile 9 the Marathoners and Half Marathoners turn off from each other and that was the second time in the course that tears tried to come. “I am doing this I am really doing this!” was what was running through my head. If I’m remembering correctly it was somewhere shortly after that turn that we saw our first set of familiar faces, Ted & Kimberly! I remember thinking in mile 11 that there was a water station coming up and we’d see another familiar face – Michelle also known as @UltraDrum, and when we did see her I pointed at her and yelled “UltraDrum!!” then I see @runmassagerun next to her and yell “Eriiin!!”
But no, if you know me, you know the drill. I've just been busy with life.
Total Mileage Last Week: 25
Ranks? Yes it does smell a bit dunnit.
Our presenters will be speaking about their experiences creating radical spaces for education of children. Various examples of “free schools” and “autonomous schools” will be presented, as well as examples of home-schooling. Our presenters collectively have many years of experience with seeing children grow and thrive in spaces that encourage and value true freedom and independence.
I get to nurture and develop a love of learning in my children. We get to read books, look up interesting facts, and pursue individual interests through homeschooling!
The usefulness of the experiential descriptor "Proustian" rests on the reader knowing that it refers to Marcel Proust's retelling of an experience of smelling and eating tea-soaked madeleine cakes, and the memories that this evoked. It tends to be viewed as a bit pretentious, largely, I think, because it sounds (and indeed is) French, something that the entire non-French world dislikes intensely.
I am behind on blogging with all of the events in November and the first half of December. One of my favorite holiday experiences is the Cuyahoga Valley Scenic Railroad's Polar Express.
The store has many popular brands such as Cricut, Copic, My Mind's
But I cannot ignore SF Crowsnest's calls for The Axiom Few to be realised on TV or radio. A lofty dream, but radio feels like it might just be possible. Can anyone out there make any suggestions on where to begin?
I’ve been blogging on wordpress about a month now and haven’t asked a single person for help. Built it all myself, studied it myself, tested things myself and it’s been a great learning experience. One click can make a difference with regard to:
Yeah, that’s right / This feels just like a fairy tale
I am sure she enjoyed spending time turning the pages created about her family, even if it was for a little while. What a blessing they were able to have by coming together to celebrate her.
He said limited and one-dimensional gender portrayals in mass media are responsible for perpetuating negative assumptions about the roles of men and women and that gender discrimination is exacerbated by negative stereotyping, including the depiction of women as sex objects.
To my God and my King…
what warbler’s watery
I have my sorts of challenges, of course.
And the moon that peaks in during the day,
Brun Rose was a complete surprise for me. It looks more brown-rose in the pan but swatches as a coral- pink as shown. It is very pigmented on my arm but is quite soft and subtle on the cheeks. When applied with a Chanel blush brush, I get a soft peachy glow. Brun Rose combined with Lumiere Sculptee de Chanel Highlighter is a killer combination.
"Mistletoe Over Manhattan" is a Chesler/Perlmutter Production. Lewis Chesler, David Perlmutter and Rob Vaughn are executive producers. Marek Posival is producer. John Bradshaw directed from a script by Hilary Hinkle and Linda Engelsiepen.
and if they lose a few of you to some really bad guy – well too bad –
We need to take the emotion out; we need to stop wanting to attack everything we don’t understand, and start acting like we are intelligent enough to ASK for clarification if needed, and to ASK how we can individually and collectively help solve the problem.
-multiple English teachers from my school applying to other schools
Overall this is a very deep, dark, and poetic movie with a powerful and moving plot. And even though there are plenty of commentaries in the movie that could apply to any generation in any country, this is a Japanese movie created as a commentary to the growing number of suicides in Japan where so many people are crammed together yet can’t seem to communicate with each other or express how they feel. But still there is so much in the movie that gets lost in translation, for anyone who likes foreign movies you know that the language barrier is just something you have to suffer through. Even though in a foreign movie you can’t understand everything ( and not just in the language but in the culture) most movies seem to do pretty good and translating the gist of it in the subtitles. But in a movie like this it is easy for the true meaning behind certain words or thoughts to get lost, for example there is a scene where a group of girls are standing in the street holding cardboard signs. The signs are never translated but you know they had some deep meaning. Short of studying Japanese history and present culture as well as language, I think it is impossible to really experience the full meaning behind this movie. But even with all that it is a very powerful and controversial social commentary film that has so much to say, and Sion Sono is a master at expressing his poetic thoughts and insights into how his own culture and society thinks, but young and old. But be warned, this is an extremely graphic movie that shows vivid and detailed scenes of people killing themselves in some very gruesome ways.
For I confront peace, security, and all the settled laws, to unsettle
Here are some other authors’ responses to the question about much of themselves are hidden in their characters. The comments are taken from interviews posted at Pat Bertram Introduces . . .
"You look like you been in a war," the Bartender said, gazing at me.
Once again I took the PATCO out to the wilds of NJ (okay it was only Collingswood but going to NJ is scary) to share some beer with my buddy Craig. He had just spent some time in Florida visiting Cigar City to buy some Hunahpu's, their crazy imperial stout, and I picked up a Midnight Sun Arctic Devil, a barrel aged barleywine, when in San Francisco.
FDA is issuing the Warning Letters because the Agency’s position is that the products named in the Warning Letters are being marketed in violation of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FFDCA).
Anyway, thanks for stopping by. I hope you all had a great weekend, and found time to relax. Sorry for not posting lately - it's been a busy last few weeks!
a leaf to rise up
6. What is your favorite go to dish when having company over?
Writing, like film editing, is at it’s best when it doesn’t call attention to itself. The best movies are the ones that move from scene to scene without ever pulling you out of the action, without ever making you stop to question if that character was wearing that same hat a moment ago, or what happened to the cat that was lying in the sink a minute ago, or even what the significance of the cat lying in the sink was. Writing should do the same for readers.
This corresponds pretty closely with the larger concept of evil in Islam. To put this in perspective, much of the Christian conception of evil, in particular in the Patristic and Medieval periods, relates to the Christian understanding of the resurrection of Christ as an act of salvation by which God redeemed humanity to Himself. In some ways, it’s useful to think of Christian writers as working backwards – they understood that Christ had died to save mankind, and that in doing so, God had redeemed mankind. Therefore there must have been something they were being redeemed from, and a condition they were being released from. The two answers early Christian writers came up with were Sin and Death, a conception which understood that all people who had lived before the lifetime of Jesus as living an existence essentially infected by sin (thus, the concept of Original Sin). The essential link between Sin and Death in early Christian thinking is well-illustrated by a series of mystery plays that circulated in Syriac in the second and third centuries, which take place in hell during the three days in which Christ was cast down. The plays narrate a wtf? conversation between the Devil and the personification of Death, with the Devil freaking out and Death acting as a sort of Grouch Marx-style commentary on his hysteria. They are, actually, hilarious. But more to the point, they highlight how closely akin these ideas were understood as being by early Christians.
I hope you had a wonderful Holiday Season!
Singing bowls?
Have a recommendation? Lemme know!
A gray night in June.
2.The hop ends right here, so leave us a comment here when you finish, so we know you've finished the hop!
For a moment he turns in the direction of my position, but his eyes pass over what he sees (the doorway, the darkened room beyond) blindly.
Am I raising little sociopaths that are aggressive, overly-emotional and anti-social? Don’t I spend enough time with them? Teach them right from wrong? Be a good role-model? Read to them quality stories every night with good moral values…
I was disappointed to see today a really nasty comment directed squarely at the mother who wrote the story. It was signed by the famous "Anonymous."
They are in our police forces, they proliferate in our judiciary and in our institutions, they sit in parliament and they dominate our schools and places of education where they teach lies and half truths in place of history and tell our children to feel shame for their race.
“Object. Its object shall be to promote an earnest Christian life among its members, to increase their mutual acquaintance, and to make them more useful in the service of God. . . .
Today I've got a quick-and-cute swatch to show you from piCture pOlish.
guys in your band had before.
I dared not call it boot camp. They wouldn't understand.
Known For: Being Director of Everything
We take our music seriously and respect our audience too much to do bad gigs.
But here's the thing. He didn't look rich. Didn't act rich either.
The surgery was a real fixer-upper for me. I was given a new life! The two grafts remain open and functioning to their maximum as shown by an angiogram in January. On this anniversary I have great gratitude. Thank you Dr. Singh and your skilful hands. Thank you Linda for your sweet bedside manner and thank you to my friends who prayed for me and partook of the prayer circle that held me firmly in warm security.
But perhaps even more unusual — and less examined — is the entrance of Paula Jones’s lawyer, John Whitehead, into the exclusive “Burden of Proof” club of TV-courtroom stardom. As the Paula Jones case merged with the Monica Lewinsky case in 1998, the rumpled Whitehead became a fixture as a talking head on Nightline, CNN and other network news shows.
Last year, we wrote an article comparing President Obama's 2011 State of the Union speech to his 2010 State of the Union (Same State of the Union Address in 2011 and 2010 Emphasizes Obama Steps to Reelection).
Veiled between
On this Mother's Day I feel incredibly blessed to be "grandma" to these babies and to be grandma to our grown up grandkids (Tim's three - Shelby, Hayden, Zane - and Stacey's two - Mariah and Faith). Even though we don't see Tim's kids very often we love them and think about them often. In fact, Shelby's graduating from high school this next week and I'm planning on attending her graduation Saturday (if Ron feels up to it). Faith is also graduating this coming Saturday and we've been invited to her celebration as well. Thankfully they are two different times during the day so we can hit both (if he's up to it).
In addition, Jeh Johnson, the general counsel at the Department of Defense, has addressed the legal basis for our military efforts against al-Qa’ida. Stephen Preston, the general counsel at the CIA, has discussed how the Agency operates under U.S. law. These speeches build on a lecture two years ago by Harold Koh, the State Department Legal Adviser, who noted that “U.S. targeting practices, including lethal operations conducted with the use of unmanned aerial vehicles, comply with all applicable law, including the laws of war.”
One of his most notable projects is his book, Female Bodybuilders, which is an unflinching look at award winning female bodybuilders. The series makes use of hard light and close up views, something that Schoeller is known for in his portraits.
I thank you
Dogfish Head Theobroma
One of my fondest memories as a small child was hearing a firm and steady knock on our front door, and opening it to find a handsome, confident man in a dark suit standing tall and proud. He would always be smiling, often have a dashing, rakishly tilted hat on his head, and in a deep and pleasant voice would inquire as to the whereabouts of the Lady of the house. He would also be carrying a mysterious and fascinating item in his hands, or have a huge, shiny, complicated device sitting on the ground by his black and highly polished shoes. The item was either a modern, complex device for removing dirt from our carpet, or what I think was possibly a Russian space satellite, primed to make a blazing entry out into a geosynchronous orbit of our humble planet. Either way; the machines were soooo...... cool! He would talk for what seemed like hours about such interesting things as the incredible cyclonic, suction power of the amazing Dust Demon 5000, the wonderful quality of various cleaning products, or the importance of imparting the knowledge of books on young and impressionable minds.
Keith Vaz, chairman of the home affairs select committee, told the Financial Times that he had asked Mr Green to appear before the panel of MPs as reports of “chaos” at British airports gathered pace.
And I'm my Nana's grandchild.
I want one as a peg holder thingie. I know. I love them.
Last year year March 8th marked the centenary of one of the events that is thought to have been the birth of International Women’s Day. When in March 1911 more than one million women and men attended rallies in Austria, Denmark, Germany and Switzerland campaigning for women’s rights to work, vote, be trained, to hold public office and end
While pregnant with my son (whom my MIL and I decided early on would be born on 8/15 just for our own silly reasons) I finally took a real birthing class. I learned soooo much (including what I could/should have done differently with my two daughters) and finally felt prepared
Occult (hidden) Knowledge
15/08 10:05 M Shot Put Qualification
When all was said and when all was done,
Wei scanned the Blackhawk’s controls.
So there is this young man called Philip in Act 6 v 1-6 he started as a deacon; to become a deacon, he was already a star; people have sought him out and they found him to be a man of good report; full of holy spirit and faith and then they make him a deacon, very soon he became an evangelist, he kept on rising and rising.
I'm worried I'll never be able to enjoy one of my guilty pleasures (redbull) again!
So much for my scary encounter.
* This can be deep fried too.The oil consumption is more though I shallow fried it too.
Again while waiting for a dressing on my toe in the local surgery (boring and more boring and I wish the wretched thing would get better!) I did these leaves and nuts and a dead agapanthus head in the little garden I was sitting next to in the waiting room.
but please,
Ben Saunders VS. Bryan Baker (Welterweight Semifinal)
'Huge, grimy London' could simultaneously inspire and disgust its inhabitants. Some, like Hawthorne, discovered a certain romance in the swirling fog; others, traipsing through streets coated with mud, succumbed to Dickens' 'general infection of ill temper'. Dirt was certainly a significant problem in the 1850s: the capital's sewers pouring filth into the Thames; mountains of rubbish accumulating in the slums; the very air poisoned by fog. Of course, the Victorians were not short of reforming zeal in these matters – we shall touch on some of their successes and failures – but the cleansing of the capital, a city whose burgeoning population swelled to over six million by the end of the nineteenth century, was a gargantuan task. 'We have,' said one journalist in 1889, 'an accumulation of matter in the wrong place unexampled in the world's history'. Fighting this rising tide of dirt were an army of workers, from crossing-sweepers, chimney-sweeps and dustmen, to those in less well-known occupations, such as dust-yard sifters, sewer flushers and street orderlies. This book examines the work of these men and women, using their experience as a prism through which we can observe the inner workings of the Victorian metropolis. Along the way, we will uncover many mundane but fascinating details of daily life: what Victorian householders threw in the rubbish; the colour and composition of London 'mud'; why 'climbing-boys' went barefoot on the streets; the decidedly unhygienic habits of Soho attic-dwellers; the dangers of dust-yard pigs … and a good deal more besides. In particular, I hope this book will appeal to anyone intrigued by social or family history. For those with ancestors in such trades, it will answer the important, often neglected question 'But what did they actually do?' For those without, it will provide clues to whether your great-great-grandparents had a toilet, or where they put their dustbin – small things, but rather important.
"Aurora-9, we have a SRR-A 20 (Semiautonomous Reconnaissance Robot- Army) UGV sending us visual from the middle of the Gobi Desert. Its missing its sister UAV and its machine gun appears to be broken. Its also currently not moving. It seems to be the same SRR we lost contact with two days ago."
We've been washing our clothing with this Homemade soap for a few days now. It's washing them very nicely. We tend to be a "sensitive family" so I didn't put any type of fragrance in it. However, it has a nice clean orginal scent.
If you're not having fun with it, then it turns into a chore and you'll eventually fall off your game. Not only that, but your network can tell when you're not being yourself or when you're just there to boost sales or views. There's no reason for people to want to follow you if your interests are only self-serving and you don't offer anything extra-special content wise. If you don't like it, don't use it. There are other ways to market your biz. This one just happens to be easy and free and fun (for most of us).
Feeling pretty bummed this morning.
If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you; If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, But make allowance for their doubting too: If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, Or, being lied about, don’t deal in lies, Or being hated don’t give way to hating, And yet don’t look too good, nor talk too wise;
Torrey Pines Park, Murrieta
The other thing I want to address from the above quote is the idea that children should know their place, and should not disagree with or disobey parents.
Ballast Point Dorado
English Bay Cactus Club – 10:55am
It did sound as if he was serious, after all.
A beautiful day yesterday. Went down to the pond and cleared the pipe which had lots of sticks and mud on the cage. Wish I knew how to prevent it happening but there is a current due to the creeks coming into the pond so it's inevitable that things will float toward the pipe. It took a while but I finally got it done. Then I cleared a small path through small trees and brush down to the pipe which purpose I'm not sure of. I think it's so the pond can be drained but I'm not about to find out.....yet. There is water coming out of it and I can't move the handle on top to shut it completely. Nor can I open it completely...not that I want to....yet. Now that I can get to it I'll hit it with some WD40 and see if that does anything. After dealing with pond stuff I cleaned out half of the bed in back of the house as well as getting the thorny vine cleared away from the other half. Guess what? My muscles hurt. Geesh, go figure.
Phoebalina's pregnancy was a fairly lean one because I lost about six kilos in the first trimester. Thank you, morning-noon-and-night sickness. Unfortunately, after my baby girl was born, post-natal depression gave me the unpleasant side-effect of being chubby. So at her first birthday, I weighed exactly what I had one year earlier, 9 months pregnant. Yay, me.
Which is when I realized that I certainly wasn't doing all of this running for fitness.
I've spent the last couple days baking and making treats. I still have quite a bit more to do, including packaging up treats and sending them out. I always forget to actually tell the recipients what it is I have sent them, so this year, I figured I would draw some tags to label everything, since I am including some new treats that my friends won't recognize from previous years of guessing.
Green Apple 9/10
outdoor summer concerts
The domain of support for the BNP may well be the ‘ignorant and uneducated’ working class. Historically, however, the German Nazi Party, for example, gained and retained its power not simply – if at all – because of the support of the ‘uneducated’ working class, but primarily because of the support of the middle class.
3 Pacers vs. 6 Magic, Pacers win series 4-3.
Paul’s task was to show how the covenant under Abraham was not different from the covenant God established via Christ. In fact every Christian is a Jew spiritually. The covenant with Abraham was based on faith. The covenant also included how salvation would begin with Abraham and extend to all the earth via his Abraham’s son Jesus on the basis of faith:
“It doesn’t even look like art!”
Phillippines
I'd do more hugging and less tugging.
But, it wasn't until I had Lucas Ethan that I finally began to feel worthwhile. I was put on this Earth to be the best momma I could possibly be to this little being. And I was from the time that there was an extra line just barely visible on that little stick. That was the point that I became a momma. It was like breathing, it came so naturally.
I remember Beano's stint as editor of Steam Railway News, which he did in tandem with his reporting, when he used to get calls from lonely trainspotters on some godforsaken platform shrieking to an orgasmic intensity about the shunting engine they'd just seen.
"They had lain unmolested for 130 years ..."
When the not-yet-reformed Saturn women break out, many of the other prisoners refuse to join them, even after removing their bonds:
Pathologic has the cruelest survival mechanics I’ve ever encountered in a videogame. As well as taking care of your physical health, you’ve got to deal with hunger, thirst, exhaustion, infection and reputation.
Anyways, that’s my rule of thumb for book buying.
Sunday was amazing. I didn´t do anything really, just walked around Bilbao with my host mom (HM) and 2 of her friends. We had lunch at 2:30ish at some restaurant that charged 13€ for 2 dishes, wine, and dessert. I have never been so amazingly full in my life. ULTIMATE MMMM (in case you are curious, paella was my 1st dish and cow´s tail in some kind of sauce was my 2nd, of course wine, and then rice and milke..with cinnamon on top was my dessert)
So I've found paper i didnt know I had, found some I'd been looking for and couldn't find.. and its ohhh so quiet - well it would be at 6am (OMG) what were you doing up so early you ask.. well the duties of a wife LOL not that - stop smiling, I was driving DH to the airport as he was catching a plane up north to start work!...
The other thing I am paying attention to is making sure to drink a lot of water. I’m not great about it so I am doing things around the house that will make it easier to remember to drink it like filling all my water bottles with water and putting them in the fridge. That way, I can grab and go. That means extra trips to the bathroom too. No road trips for me in the near future.
I noticed two pizzas ready for the oven. I was immediately clear to me that the pizza world is divided in two. Everyone else and then there is Bruno. The man who does not know half measures. I had never seen pizzas so stacked with a single ingredient. The spinach one was a tower of spinach at least 5cm high. Enough for four sheep and a goat.
1. I am a vegetarian who buys mostly organic products.
We will be accepting DT submissions through the end of the day August 31st. That gives you just over 2 weeks to get your applications in. The newly chosen DT members will begin in September.
From a distance, as I took it all in, I said to myself; "I would have never thought in a million years that this could be what church or vibrant ministry could look like for me." I smiled, breathed out a big sigh of relief and said, "now, this just feels right!" "This is surely how Church was meant to be!" I cant wait till December!
I do up my fly and head for the sink to wash my hands. Elvis is at the sink beside me. As we both wash our own hands, we catch our reflections in the mirror in front of us.
The Rishis were in a real bad frame of mind. They asked Ganesha to drive Gautama out of the hermitage and humiliate him. What a terrible thing to ask for! Gajanana (Ganesa), lovingly tried to tell them, that they were doing the wrong thing. He reminded them how helpful Gautama was to them during the draught. He said, “you have done such a good tapas, you should also ask for something very good”. But the Rishis, whose minds were foggy, insisted on having their own way. Ganesa advised them not to hur their benefactor, in many, many ways, but they were obstinate.
Arsène is taking a hard line with the Arsenal players, ensuring that they are entirely focussed on the matter at hand. That included banning Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from a Disney photoshoot.
Costa Rica was my first trip outside of Canada/US/all-inclusive stay in the Caribbean. It was a big deal. I was 20 years old, on limited funds, no spanish to speak of and traveling alone. Some of you might think that doesn’t sound like too much fun. But I must say, this trip, changed my outlook on the world, my values and what was important in life. It opened my eyes to a world I knew nothing about and put me in a position where I was the odd man out – in a big way.
and heard from so many people that our rummage was the best one..
The lighting in the convention center was tricky.
Don’t get me wrong; I don’t get paid for this but it’s always nice for a writer to have more of those pesky reader things, so please understand; I am not ungrateful for the extra traffic. Those responsible for the increase are two of the dearest people in the world to me. That my daughter has now upstaged me 3 times since her birth, though mildly irritating, is simply confirmation of what I have always believed: She is amazing in every regard, and will more than likely write her bestselling masterpiece, on the long voyage home from becoming the first person on Mars, before winning the Nobel prize for teaching blind children to speak to dolphins in 17 different languages.
In hopes that the agent would be interested in my manuscript, and assuming I had to shorten the manuscript to make it publishable anyway, I started cutting. Of course, the thing about cutting down is that it's unlikely you can keep your changes to deletions; more likely you'll be editing and reshaping as you go.
Wheat is mentioned in the first book of the Bible, was grown by Stone Age Europeans, and was reportedly produced in China as far back as 2700 b.c.e. Wheat was brought to the New World by European settlers and was being grown commercially in the Virginia Colony by 1618.
I searched the internet and finally, finally found a recipe. I had to make it, and so I did, but the chicken wasn't the same and I didn't have candied walnuts. In stepped Guy Fieri. Well, not for real, but I did watch and episode of Triple D that had a recipe for Walnut Shrimp. It was all so simple. I ran to the store, ran back home (I run everywhere) and made it for the first time. I was hooked and so was my Chinese-food-addicted oldest daughter.
To heal the pain inside her heart
He looked toward the courtroom door.
I have noticed that there are times where I am going around thinking $x is the right amount to pay for something, and then I find out that everyone else considers even $2x to be totally cheapo. Haircuts can be like this: I think of myself as paying kind of a lot for a haircut, not a ton but not cheapo either, but it happens repeatedly that I will hear someone say "I'm never going to get around to going to my usual place, so I'm just going to get a cheapo $2x cut and hope for the best"---where $x is what I pay for a haircut. That kind of thing.
AKB48’s Akimoto Sayaka to star in her first NHK drama Mother of an AKB48 member arrested due to indecent act with a 15-year-old boy Anime “Saint Seiya” to return to television after 23 years Girls’ Generation to perform on top French talk show, ‘Le Grand Journal’ Kim Hyun Joong donates profits from his Japanese concert to an orphanage “The Boys” Coming to France KARA’s Kang Jiyoung graduates from high school Ayumi Hamasaki’s New Single Released Today Koda Kumi to Release 2 Disc DVD Live + Goods TIGER & BUNNY 1st Movie Coming Out In September
The sea was calm, your heart would have responded
Yes, Amy is right. Rice Pudding takes patience. But the reward is mighty, my friend. Mighty.
I learned to read when I was three, leaning over my mum’s shoulder as she taught my older brother before he went to school. I taught myself to write – my juvenile handwriting, for several years, was formed rather like sloppy typescript, because I had worked out the details from playing with my dad’s typewriter.
I can only speak in my role at Bridge House and how we do things, but I assume the process is much the same elsewhere. But I hope by sharing my insights into the process, as someone who sees it from both sides of the proverbial fence, it might help! Especially as I often think competitions and calls for submission seem like these strange black holes you send your work into and see what comes out! Sometimes nothing and you never hear (this is bad form and I always write to everyone, that said, with blind copy lists things do go astray and we can’t do a whole lot about that sadly!) … we did when we started reply to everyone individually but if anyone has had to forward over 200 emails you will know what a long and thankless task that is, especially if the news is bad! So copylists are the only real way to go for me. Or you get the rejection email and feel that horrible heart-sink or you are one of the lucky ones and even making a longlist is great! Celebrate all successes!
Just last week, a Pizza Fusion franchise opened in my town. When I saw the "coming soon" signs, I googled the place to see what it was all about. Happily, I learned that Pizza Fusion is vegan friendly and gluten-free friendly, which opens up pizza to a few pizza-challenged groups. They are also big on the eco-friendly thing; counters made of recycled soda bottles, tables made of reclaimed wood, lots of organic ingredients. All good stuff. To put the food to the test, Mark and I ate there tonight.
Flying over the Mendenhall Glacier, Juneau, Alaska... ...videotaping mazes of crevasses, peaks blurred by clouds, sinuous lines drawn by snow... ...running upon hidden details, unusual forms, mapping concrete entities...
I tried to participate in a food blogging contest, but I wasn't selected. No reasons were given, so I had to figure out by myself what happened. I understand I'm a newbie in all this and that I had some major competition in the contest. That's OK with me. I just would've appreciated some feedback.
I’m strong, you tell me with your fingertips. ”I need your strength.”
I was yours at one time, but only in a dream.
I also used my new punch :) I stamped part of the phrase that came with the stamp set on the punched tab.
Oh My!
It runs as a full course at Virtual University (vu.org/calendar/761.html, vu.org/calendar/762.html) and I have mentored this course many times over the past few years now. When I had created the course afresh, there used to be a lot of discussion. Virtual University conducts homework exercises and exams in the subject and awards certificates in the same.
Be open and receptive to the flow of words and thoughts that come to you. Watch the thoughts to see which have a positive effect upon your well being and which create opposing forces within you that gives you a feeling of unrest and anxiety.
Anyway, one of the things I’ve found is that families with new babies appreciate food more than anything else you can give them. With that in mind, I made my sister and her husband a giant lasagna to keep them well-fed for the first few days home from the hospital. With my perfect nephew.
"But wait!" you say, "There's twelve months in a year and you've only got nine sets of bags!"
His world was crashing in
It is money we do not spend on ourselves. It is money we spend in many ways on all manner of companion animals when we are not spending it visiting zoos, aquariums, rodeos, circuses, race tracks, and other places where animals are the main attraction.
She roared. The Wizard shook with fear, and Tessa saw that fire leaked from her mouth, dripping to the stone floor below. She had no idea how to use it, but when she spit, the burning eased. Her vision shifted and she saw magic differently. Magical confinements hung about the room, glittering up at her with black diamond eyes. She crushed them individually, tearing the magic apart with her claws.
I tell him thank you for spanking me, even though I didn't want him to spank me. The harder the spanking is, and the more I react to it, the more I want to say thank you. Because I never want him to think that I'm not okay with what he did.
Since Birdie was conceived, he or she has already been introduced to some fantastic music in utero! We saw The Flaming Lips in October, Beirut & Sebadoh in November, B.B. King in January & Ani Difranco in February! Unfortunately, mama has to miss Feist in early May, but it'll be for a good reason. :) Birdie will be too young at that point to actually GO to an indoor concert!
The House of Representatives and Senate also considered adopting the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and Protect IP Act (PIPA). These bills sought to entitle the US government to curb access to “rogue websites” that illegally uploaded intellectual property. The bills could effectively force search engines to remove these websites from search results, an action many private companies considered intrusive. Many experts also argued the broad provisions of the bills could result in the censorship of millions of Internet users if they simply fell suspect of copyright infringement.
Dry white wine
We worked through several of the quotes and decided to set it aside while we worked on some more of the skills needed to work through the cryptograms.
Review – Declaration for iPhone and iPod Touch by Clint Bagwell Consulting
He has blasted the ‘commitment’ by the Big Four banks in the so-called Project Merlin negotiations to increase lending to small and medium businesses, saying ‘That is not a commitment at all. That’s a weak, waffly gross lending aspiration with vast wriggle room. There’s no commitment there.’
Yeah I know... not the best name in the world that's for sure, but this record stands the thrash metal test of time for me. The band formed in 1985 some place in Suburban Illinois, then released a few kick ass demo tapes before releasing this LP. The music reminds me of a more simple Bay Area thrash metal band with vocals that sound like they were straight up German(Destruction, Kreator, and so on). Its great stuff. They later started moving towards a more death metal sound. I got this one from an old Albany area metal head named Roger. He would hang with my buddy Luke and trade records with us. This one goes out to my bud Mitch from Bone Sickness who was asking me what I'd been listening to lately. It hasn't left my turn table for a week. Happy New Year All!
Funny how it turns out all those good D-I schools happen to be in the MAC.
I don't have any pictures at this time. I just wanted to say I have been busy.
Always sorry
I also loved the list of shops on the High Street as they were running – it shows a far different view than what we have now: “A chemist’s and a draper’s. Farther to teh right, a butcher, a baker, a stationery shop; and to the left, a corn merchant, a hat shop, and another chemist…”
All her life Catherine had hoped to see a fairrier cat. No book, no scroll provided to her by her tutors had ever mentioned this legend, much to her frustration, and now-at the worse possible time-she was getting her wish. Only, in her wish the cat wasn’t about to kill her.
This was very unusual behavior for Katie, because she loves school and never wants to miss a day - not even when she's sick. I asked her again what was wrong, and she said she didn't know, but she just felt like crying and she wanted me to stay home with her. There was an odd sense of urgency in her voice. Something wasn't right.
Cream butter and sugar until smooth
:: I ironed on fusible interfacing to the sleeves to keep them puffy
i got the above picture as my daily cell phone update from Gen today. i am so smitten that i can't even control myself at work half the time. last week when i came home from work she reached for me for the first time. it melted my heart to walk in and see those two little chubby arms reaching out to me. yesterday, we were walking around in the yard looking at leaves and listening to the wind chimes. she put each little hand on either side of my face and rubbed her cute little cheeks and lips all over my face. i could have just died. smitten and in love. uncontrollably.
Strength: The Blue Devils have arguably the best backcourt in college basketball. Andre Dawkins, Seth Curry and Austin Rivers form a backcourt that’s lit scoreboards up all year. It’s not only that they score it’s also when they score. All three have hit big shots including Rivers’ now iconic three-pointer to beat North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Duke is always good and these three are the main reason why.
Here's the best part: You All! Thank you all for visiting me and encouraging me in all my endeavors! As I have mentioned before, I'm so thankful to have found this community of wonderful people who want to exchange ideas, art and encouragement. I love seeing what you do--the art, the beautiful pictures, the flea market finds, the furniture refinishing, the decorating and projects you are working on, and best of all, your wonderful spirits. I am inspired and empowered every day! Thank you so much!
Rhodebeck said the well-publicized political bickering painted “a rather unflattering picture of the Legislature.”
From the voice at the window came:
I love YOU Grayson James! Happy 4 months my little Chunkins!
I stare into it
It was in this moment that I realized how similar my shrimp experience was to my comedy career. A tremendous amount of hard work put into something and then practically throwing it all away.
This discussion matters because this is a society in which, when sharing that I was going to have a girl, more than one commented, "Oh, too bad." And "Oh, girls are so hard. I'm sorry!" One said, "I knew Chris didn't have a boy in him." (I wanted to reply, "Actually, he did, but my cervix didn't have it in it to keep him alive.")
Cake Mix Lemon Cookies
This was the trip from hell and where the title of the blog comes from. To start, we were on a bus from Pretoria to Lusaka, Zambia (the capital). It should have taken roughly 30 hours. However, we got stuck at the Zimbabwe/Zambian border for over 6 hours. I HATE ZIMBABWE. Seriously, the customs people sat on their asses and did nothing. One person at a time had their bags checked to walk across the street. Pure laziness and inefficiency. Due to our timing and plans, we really needed to be in Lusaka by 2pm at the latest, so we could get on another 8hr bus to Chipata; that way, the next morning (Friday) we could take the another 4 hrs ride to the safari place.
We are eating dinner and talk about our children and come to find out he is a grandfather. I am trying to do the math in my head. I suppose with him being “45″ that is possible. I ask a few more questions about this, but the wine tells me to just not worry about it right now. He tells me about his job, and his past positions and I think he has a pretty advanced career for our age (I’m 39, but I consider 45 to be in the same age range). He orders me another glass of wine. I’m not really wanting or needing it, but I go with the flow. We talk about love and dating and he tells me about a few of his dates gone wrong and we both agree that when you really click you are looking forward to that kiss at the end of the night.
I'm 32 years old and have been a professional full-time nanny through a highly respected agency for 7 years now. For 3 years before that, I was a preschool teacher, and for 6 years before that, I worked in a daycare, and had various babysitting jobs all throughout my teen and young adult years. I have worked with kids for about 17 years now, from newborns to age 12, and in a variety of formats. I love what I do, and the reason I do this job is because I'm confident in all aspects of child care, I've been trained, and have experience, I genuinely love taking care of children, and I feel blessed that I can get paid for doing something I love. For me, it's a rewarding job. Recently the family I had been with for 4 years as their full-time nanny, domestic manager, and personal assistant moved out of state. I started interviewing for a new job, and that, combined with reading this website and also other online nanny agency type of sites, just made me want to get a few things off my mind and I figured this was a good format to do so.
I'm pretty stoked about this guest post...and I'm pretty sure that y'all will be too (c:
I did some burp cloths:
"I haven't had that in years," Milio told the paper. "Ninety-three is kind of old."
But the difference between the two remains. In social terms, this can be seen in their opposed interests: the interests of priests are generally conservative, while the interests of the oppressed are, almost by definition, revolutionary. And in psychological terms, though, we can see that the same trade-off, the same ascetic suffering-for-sense-of-power is at work, but from different directions: for the priesthood, it is a matter of seeking power and opting, as a method of so seeking, for the infliction of suffering and numbness on oneself, while for his ‘herd’, it is a matter of trying to barter some crumbs of sense-of-power for the suffering which is already imposed on them.
white, restless, easily frightened.
I didn’t have a good feeling about the message but I opened it to confirm my suspicions.
"I slipped through the toilet window Greenie but instantly felt pissed the minute that I hit the floor! Managed to get myself into the cubicle and here I am! I didn't want Betty slapping her wet mop in my face man! Don't tell her that I'm here will ya"
* Hi Miriam and welcome to tall tales & short stories. Would you like to tell us a bit about yourself?
IS IT WEIRD... that I am turned on by my husband doing his job? Taking it down to basics, Jeff is an electrician. I have always found it totally sexy when he puts on his tool belt to do work around the house. It is not the actual belt, full of tools and parts that makes me swoon... I think it is the fact that he is the provider for our family... he has experience that he uses to fix our house... to build a new deck... to add new lighting to the kitchen... to take care of us...
Today I was out visiting my Grandpa with my mom and little brother and sister. On that note, we gave my Grandpa a birthday card and reminded him that it was his birthday this week. He looked at me, straight faced and serious, and said, “One hundred thousand.” I asked him what was one hundred thousand. He said, “That’s my age. One hundred thousand years old.”
-Poets Literary Agency
For my part of the future…I have quite a few things to consider. My default plan is to find a site where I can function as a counselor under supervision, which is part of the procedure for getting state licensure. Once I am licensed by the state, I can set up a private practice or at least get paid more(I hope).
Some of you probably already know about it. It's become so huge, the book is translated into a million languages, a movie is due out in 2012, and someone wrote a cookbook based on the foods mentioned in the stories.
I read this article this morning with mixed feelings. I must admit I was shocked to hear that the Ghana government, in a country where the majority of the population live below the poverty line, and which collects millions in aid from around the world for the very basics, would spend what some speculate is over USD$5m on soccer fans!!!
And stay by my side,
What a beautiful week of spring it has been here. My crabapple trees, tulips, lilacs and rose bushes inspired my card today. All I see when I go outside is the vast array of color in the trees and plants. I wanted to focus just on that, so I made a CAS (Clean and Simple) design today.
Gunma-ken, 370-2316 Japan
Secrecy granted to cable TV providers
be downloaded and printed from our UWellness website:
There is an app out there called 'What's For Dinner?', which seems to offer access to lots of recipes, your own and other people's. It's almost there. Now if they could just make the decisions for you, I reckon they'd be on to a winner.
Today, instead of constructing additional nuclear power plants, some of these plants are being dismantled! Will the people of the United States be able to wake up in time to prevent the coming national tragedy?
This morning I woke up at around 4:00 am – my normal time for night terrors but it was different. I wasn’t scared just awake. After the events in Japan, I am conscious of being safe in my own non-shaking bed.
Yogis, mystics and saints from all traditions have experienced and spoken about these things. One of the Christian saints, Saint John of the Cross, spoke of the necessity to go beyond all boundaries one has known. Form, he said, must yield to the formless in order for the soul to be fully emptied. Samadhi is a certain state of equanimity, where the intellect goes beyond its normal function of discrimination. Once the intellect is on hold, the boundary of what is you and what is not you collapses.
The only person I know who enjoys this combo as much as me is Mr. Vittles. He doesn't usually get too excited about my treats, but coconut patties are one of his favorite things.
to go with my beautiful blue walls and cute black and white pillows.
When I finished the IPA, I washed out my glass and went for what I thought would be the highlight of the evening, the Saison. It was fantabulous. It may have been just a little too sweet to be the perfect Saison but it ranks right up there with any Saison I've had. Next up was the barleywine, I've never had a barleywine and didn't know what to expect. I'm going to come to the conclusion that I don't like barleywines because Ben's beers were all so good, I'm sure the barleywine would compare favorably to others. But, I didn't like it, didn't want to finish it and didn't want seconds. I know there are no wrong answers when it comes to beer, unless the answer to a bartender's question is Bud Light in a bottle, so Ben won't be mad at me for not liking the barleywine, but I feel bad about not liking it.
Unanswered from the still white realm above;
Current Month Return: +24.98%
Eddie: Right. Now, get in, Pats. I shouldn't have gone left, should I? I mean... We're going back to that bloody airport, Pats, or we'll never find it. Oh, God! I hate France, I hate it!
You love your bed and sleep like a rockstar in it, and in it only.
This era of superpower “satellite” politics in the basin witnessed key state development processes including, in the case of Egypt, heavy reliance on an “import substitution” model up until the end of the 1960s. In other states including Sudan,Tanzania, and Ethiopia, the command-led approach to economic development was supported at various points by strong trading links with the Soviet Union. Many states continued interventionist economic policies up until the late 1970s. Ethiopia remained an exception until the late 1960s, and went in the reverse economic direction to many other basin states during the 1970s, increasing its level of centralized, state-led development under Mengistu Haile Mariam. Indeed, as Egypt under Anwar Sadat approached a new era of“infitah” – or the “opening up” of the economy – Ethiopia under Mengistu Haile Mariam undertook major nationalization of capital assets, including land.
"Your not good enough" and "Don't get above yourself",
Currently:
Boneless skinless chicken breasts (1 per person is about what I plan for)
Titanic is an interesting event due to why it occurred.
600-700 g (1½ lbs) fresh corn kernels or frozen corn
2010- acting cute
When your root concept is purely shock value, you have to do a good job dressing it up. The atmosphere of The Hunger Games is generally better. The capitol city in particular, headed by the people who run the games, is such an incredibly stylish place. It gives the feel that everyone is just trying to be as colorful and flashy as possible, both in look and personality. It’s a real shame that more of the focus wasn’t put on this style during the games themselves. During those, we get a generic forest. Basically, you could walk just outside of Alfred and see the setting for the actual games. Everything surrounding that is absolutely incredible, though. Battle Royale gives us a standard abandoned island feel for the entire movie. The point for environment goes to The Hunger Games. The only parts of the movie I enjoyed involved the world in that movie.
By the way, if someone says something is as “nasty as shit” or “disgusting as shit”, you might be able to interpret as shit is an ordinary comparative phrase. But when they say “sweet as shit”, you know as shit has now become completely grammaticalized as an intensifier. Come to think of it, the same goes for pissed as shit, something I actually heard a dormmate say in college.
Who: Bill
When it’s raining, it’s pouring. You know, I’m talking about tropical showers, sheets of water falling from the sky and when you happen to be without shelter, you’re soaked to the bone. You’re still warm and reasonable comfy, but there is not a centimeter of dry skin on your body.
Okay, so catch up time. I may never post Christmas pictures. And I haven't taken that many pictures so far this year. A run down of the not-so-wonderful January we've had, in 100 words (I hope) or less:
Ure
Papers are by My Mind´s Eye, saying by Studio G, for coloring I used Copics.
For those that have just joined us, it's just another free-to-download podcast.
Karina Fabian: I really need to take notes on my books… All I remember was that I was in a Bond mood when Magic, Mensa, and Mayhem came out and I was excited to do another humorous fantasy, but this time with more meat to it. I did a lot of watching of spy flicks and read a few books in order to get the secret agent ideas. I also read up on Norse mythology for my villains. I did some rudimentary outlining (which my characters pretty much ignored) and as the title says, let fly!
That is what this Easter season is all about. It should be a time that reminds us of this great mystery of the resurrection of Jesus from the dead. Death no longer has power over us. We have hope that if we place our faith in Jesus and entrust our lives to Him completely, we will live with Him for all eternity. Take time to meditate on that good news today. Don’t allow it just to roll past your eyes and ears. But try to hear it for the first time as the early Christians did.
"History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it." -Winston Chruchill
White Onions
Whether you want to accept it or not, we’re losing our country fast. Just getting rid of Obama is not going to solve our problems. America needs a culture shift. Too many Americans think the government is there to do something for them. This is not a Democrat versus Republican issue, because many of the Republicans are part of the problem, as well. We need to become the people who sends the FEMA trucks packing during the disaster, not waiting on roof tops waiting for them to come fix our problems.
It has been a wonderful four years! I have met many new stitchers. They are as varied as the grains of wheat. They have laughed with me, cried with me and more importantly stitched and frogged with me.
Do you think I should resubmit, or does this kind of stuff happen. Are agents and editors very understanding of an author’s bad day, I guess?Go ahead and try resubmitting. If you can make the explanation in your cover letter sound like you sound here--ie, human, humble, and with a sense of humor--and not like someone who might be perennially scattered of mind and disorganized, then you stand a fair chance of being forgiven.
It is very likely that the ETs would not have destroyed two entire underground cities on their own. This attack was much, much bigger than anything else had been.
A few years ago, a friend at work gave me these three lighted houses. As you can see, the village is growing:
Went clubbing with a few friends and my brother last night in SF for the weekly 18+ LGBT dance club. Was surprised my brother wanted to join, he said he wanted to hang out with me and my friends more cuz we're a fun bunch.
"Oh", she replied, "I forgot to look at the directions." She dug back into her box, and pulled out the direction booklet.
3. Karma NEVER fails to visit my door. Seriously, I am a strong believer in Karma. I believe what I put out I get back ..
When I grow up, I want to be a ...MAMA!!
Ahh NYC the food you offer. I couldn’t imagine being anywhere else in the world.
But unlike Pontiac, which only pissed away media dollars, Chevy is flirting with frittering away its whole culture on people who don't buy cars, don't want cars, and can't afford cars.
Johanna has a beautifully curated collection of vintage sewing machines out on display for all to enjoy, though you have to get into her apartment first. All Johanna needs is a gift shop and handicapped access and she could start charging admission. Sadly, she lives in a walk-up.
Remember the Ten Ways For Schools To Confuse a Child? Well, I'm pretty sure someone from the federal government read it and took my suggestions seriously. Because they are planning on taking one of the items on the list and running with it. Here it is:
This really happened; something's in life have no explanation. It is up to you to believe or not believe. This is the magic part of life and my favorite part...
Thank you so much.
Pack 1: Wes Welker, Ed Reed, Drew Brees, Mardy Gilyard RC
Well my moral outrage (and a quick guestimation which led me to believe I might not embarrass myself by posting my own collection) has led me to this. Here it is, my 46 1/2":
Three blurbs then:
Well, that is certainly an interesting question, in light of the meeting. I had never been to one of these, so it was educational.
Attacks: 3
We were very glad to see him and meet him for the first time. Even when Lucas wanted to stay in the train station to sleep, we took Mr. Singh ‘s help with open arms. We were leaving really early next day from the train station (6:00 am) and it was closer than the other hotel we were staying at, so everything turned out even better than we could have planned it.
House in Dungeness – Nord Architecture, Glasgow
You’ve stated more than once in public interviews that when Noah was born, you were unable to find anything positive about Down syndrome on the internet. And yet you were well aware of the fact that many, many people were blogging about their honest and positive experiences raising children with Down syndrome, because you had no trouble finding those very bloggers (and their readers) to promote yourself to. You did it to me: you contacted me to ask permission to use a photo of my son, Finnian, on your site, which I granted; in return, I asked that you and your wife – being in the unique position of being a pediatrician and a parent to a child of Down syndrome – post something on your site about breast feeding babies with Down syndrome, as I feel very strongly that this is a topic not talked about nearly enough, and around which many misconceptions swirl. You gladly agreed to post something on that topic. You never did. And apparently, this is what you’ve done with a lot of people: hit them up to promote yourself, but don’t return the favor by linking back to them, ignore suggestions for topics relevant to Down syndrome to be addressed on your site (or address them without giving due credit), and no matter what, don’t allow even a hint of competition.
mad by Harriet
the LORD is our king;
Mark: Who is this? No, don't tell me.
Traffic signs and signals that speed your progress up and roadworks that slow you down again.
Make haste! I must be off to sleep!
So come on, confess! When have you made a similar mistake because you didn't understand context, because you had only heard and not seen a word?
other lives in Nagoya~~ so not that easy to meet up~~
A September 9th hearing up in Boston will be devoted to what Walter Noel and his boys knew and when they knew it. I’m going to check – if the hearing is open to the public, I smell road trip. How cool to live-blog from there! Walt, if you’re going (and I assume that you are since you’ve been subpoenaed) maybe we can ride up together. I’ll borrow a trailer and the filly(ie)’s can come too.
Kevin and Sara’s daughter, Kennedy, recently turned 2, and she’s an on-air topic for the proud papa.
I flew back home on the next day and didn’t turn around as I walked away.
1 faint
full court lunge, run back,
We have such a strong taboo against incest that if you want to write about sibling sex in a mainstream novel, the incest must be motivated. In other words, there has to be a strong reason for it. Perhaps the children were shut away in an attic most of their lives and had only themselves to rely on. (If I remember correctly, this was the premise of V.C. Andrews’ Flowers in the Attic.) Perhaps two sisters were molested by their father, and the only tender love they knew was the love they offered each other. Perhaps the parents saw nothing wrong with sibling sex, perhaps even encouraged it by having a brother and sister share a bed. (Of course, this complicates matters in that you have to show the parents’ actions as being motivated. Why would they think this was an acceptable arrangement?)
Matt and I have discussed it before but hooley dooley..
"These rape kits are essential as they contain evidence that can convict rapists," Lorimer said.
More than 400,000 PLR Articles
9. Avatar
After a fantastic effort at the end of the Easter break, it looks like the invitations to our First Class Degree Show in London are ready to start being sent out. After cutting the backing cards, I had considered the carrying out of 300 item-strong repetitive tasks to be something of a forte.Yet I was proved wrong when I laid eyes on the deceptively small box in which our actual invitations arrived in.
We generally think of asteroids as big space potatoes. In the famous asteroid field scene in The Empire Strikes Back, some of those asteroids actually are potatoes. Every once in awhile, we hear about one coming dangerously close to Earth, and we know from Armageddon that a large enough asteroids could wipe out all life on this planet.
From the first few paragraphs I knew I would love this book because of Collins’ swift pace, succinct writing and ability to paint the details of the world of Panem, District 12 and the Seam with such clarity. (Left: one of many imagined maps of Panem from The Hunger Games fans)
Burney, who has also been actively campaigning to save the life of Sarabhjit Singh facing death penalty in Pakistan, has sought commutation of Sarabhjit’s death sentence. “I will not let Sarabjit hang in Pakistan,” said Burney, challenging Singh’s death row. He has also sought leniency for Kirpal Singh, another convict, who has been on death row since 1992 in Pakistan.
Lakosha sighed. “As helpful as they are, our numbers are stretched thin. Many are still back on shattered Draenor, cleaning up after dealing a blow to the Legion there.”
just a taste of Longfellow’s English translation.
Finely chopped veggies - carrot and Beans - 1 cup
I don’t think theorists or economists are leaders as I have stayed, but I don’t think Dr. Kliman is posing as one either. If he was, then I would have agreed with the polemic by Jehu against him. I do, however, completely agree with this assertion:
Something huge.
‘Unco Elvish fruit…’
The night before the run was a bit of a nightmare also. Our Hotel had put us in a room with no locks on the windows. Now on the 11th floor this isn’t generally an issue. With two inquisitive children under 4 it is! It made for a restless night. Our kids often wake up before us and play. Not only did I have pre-race jitters, I was so worried the kids were going to swan dive out the window while we were asleep.
I am excited.
Members of Parliament from Sarawak were hammered in the national press, for cowering in Parliament and rarely speaking up.
Dave comes to Chicago, we remember why we love each other, we decide that being together could never work, we break up, Dave leaves, we miss each other, he returns, we break up, we spend a holiday in France, we go to England, we break up. In between, we call each other and have phone sex and cry. For a year we go on like this.
"Wait! I bet they call you Pedro?"
Dark amber beer with a strong cinammon nutmeg scent. The taste is even stronger cinnamon, all the way up and down the taste. I got some stale bread like thing going on as I searched deep into the first beer I've had in quite some time. High 2 Stars.
UPDATE: 25th June, 2011. RTE reports that David Daly is fighting back. He engaged Michael Cush SC to seek an injunction in Dublin’s High Court. There is no word of an action in the UK. Michael Cush SC might be best known in recent times for substantially winning Paddy McKillen’s case against NAMA. RTE further reports that Jim Hamilton of BDO Simpson Xavier has been appointed by NAMA as receiver in Ireland. In the UK Shay Bannon and Sarah Rayment of BDO have been appointed Law of Property Act administrators (LPAs, akin to property receivers and certainly cheaper than corporate receivers). RTE points out that NAMA’s actions do not relate to Albany Homes but to property owned personally by David Daly, though apparently the High Court application has been made in the names of three individuals (1) David Daly (2) Joanne Daly (presumably David’s daughter) and (3) Paul Daly (presumably David’s son). There is no mention of David’s wife, Mary Daly.
A few minutes later, the pilot reportedly executed several barrel rolls and a 180 degree turn in order to avoid yet another mid-air impact, this time with what he reported as a large, burning yellow face hurtling toward the beleaguered plane. After several tense hours the pilot was finally able to shake the relentlessly pursuing apparition when it apparently gave up the chase and disappeared below the horizon.
Transfer the filling to the cooled crust and bake for about 25 to 30 minutes (until the crust is puffy and lightly browned.
to get your favorite sets before they retire!
But as I was taking this photo three young boys came to me : why are you taking a photo of this? What does speculate mean? I did my best, now your turn : how would you explain speculation and the meaning of this painting to three cute teenagers of immigrant descent? You have forty seconds, that's their attention span.
Happy Creating & Swapping!
Image from July 1980.
Oh. My. God!! Is he asking how many people I’ve slept with?!? We haven’t even ordered appetizers and he wants to know how many notches are on my proverbial bedpost!?! What the fuck?!? Is this guy for real??
The film’s location of San Francisco is important to the tone of the film. Yes, the Scorpio killer is indeed The Zodiac killer; a serial killer who preyed on the chaos and fear of an entire city. Also, San Francisco in 1971 represents the epicenter of these cultural shifts that we read about in history books today. The hippies touched a cultural and moral nerve and pissed off a lot of people in the process, and with Dirty Harry, Clint Eastwood and Don Siegel gave the extreme Right a heroic character to cheer for; someone that represents all that is good and just about the 2nd Amendment. The film’s setting also lends itself to its seedy aesthetic that makes it the most successful and iconic studio-produced exploitation film. The on-location cinematography is appropriately grainy and has just the right amount of hand-held camera shots. The music by Lalo Shifrin -- creator of one of the most famous TV themes for “Mission: Impossible -- is an appropriately funky, acid-jazz score that gives the film the feeling of a film that would be at home on 42nd Street in New York. And make no mistake, the film is exploitation through and through. From the opening where we see a woman swimming on her rooftop gunned down from the point of view of the killer, to the jazzy riff that plays over the film's opening credits (the only thing, aside from the fashion, that truly dates this movie), to the way Harry proudly tells his partner the reason why they call him “Dirty” Harry, to the way they shoot San Francisco at night (especially the park scene and that nose-against-the-cross shot when Harry looks up at the park landmark), to the way the film revels in its subject matter and violence.
Lennon
Paul’s firm conviction was that no matter what the need of a believer may be, God’s grace is more than sufficient to meet that need. What God had done for Paul even in prison He would do for the Philippians. That was Paul’s strong belief based on the promises of God and on his own experience of God’s grace.
Well, BabyRub, Tylenol, Ibuprofen, NyQuil, lots of fluids and hot baths.... Yep, we had it all; fever, dehydration and chills. Thank goodness it's OVER!
Paul Andrew Acquaviva, 29, Glen Rock, N.J.
It’s a safe bet that David and Tea won’t be scoring any points for creativity here. Oh wait, they used the letter “y” in lieu of an “i”. Brilliant, just brilliant.
Lowe’s on Madison St. Has some major markdowns on Cleaning products. Not sure if its markdown at the other stores. Clorox nature, toilet bowl cleaner. $.88, Mr Clean Erasers 4 pk – $2.50, there was many other products as well like a gallon of Windex cleaner, and some other brands.
This weekend I got a half a flat of local organically grown strawberries and popped them in the fridge to use on baking day. My back was killing me so I got no baking done but I did put up 14 half pints of yummy jam. You don't taste the vinegar but to me it deepens the flavor of the strawberries and is amazing on whatever you want to put it on.
I for one have spoken out against Leaf many times over the past six months, especially when it comes to their cheap-looking Superfractor knock-off but have been impressed with their awesome autograph line-up in 2011 Legends of Sport. It makes Upper Deck’s similar offering of World of Sports look like an unfair fight. I hope Leaf can build up from this success moving forward. I cannot wait to see what they release next.
i knew when i told you guys i purchased this j. crew coat from ebay that someone would call me out on my ethics or lack thereof. there are people who read my blog just for that purpose alone. they are always there to point out my flaws.
3 share
Fans (and there are many) of Coles distinct brand of house music will instantly recognise her hand in the proceedings. ‘She’s On Fire’ is a certified dancefloor weapon, guaranteed to earn a permanent home in the best DJs boxes and soundtrack sunshine moments in bars and on terraces across Europe this Summer.
It is journey to try to take my weaknesses and improve them and perhaps turn them into strengths. It is a journey of self-discovery.
you can find it here
Still, I don’t think most competitors are like that and in this day and age where even Scooby Doo has a wikipedia page, it’s easy to find information effortlessly on everyone who’s in your event. In regattas, heat sheets come out a few days prior to the event, and all you have to do is enter “Nancy Faigen” regatta, or “Nancy Faigen” rowing and you know exactly who your competition is.
Some Small Publishers Sign On, Without Authority
I’m going to stop procrastinating with the tasks I don’t like. I have taken on so much and am so busy that I can always find something else to do besides the things I hate. I want to get my paperwork complete and filed and release that millstone around my neck. I’m going to start slow. It’s been fits and starts rather than steady progress, and it has consequently never happened.
All of this is to say what exactly? I have no idea. I just wanted to share so you could tell me that you notice these things to, that I'm not losing my mind and that maybe I should turn off the radio and enjoy the sequestered silence, perhaps get some fresh ideas for stories, clear out the cobwebs strung across my brainpan, listen to my own thoughts for a while.
There is something very gruesome, very startling, very intense in this communion. Something that brings a person instantly to reviling offense or broken humility. The transparency of the sacrifice, the genuineness of the love . . will either overwhelms to spiteful wrath that anyone would even offer such a gift as his own flesh and blood to drink . . . or overwhelms with breathtaking sorrow that such a gift was necessary and unending joy that such a gift was given.
You never kept a promise shared
I squeeze my eyes shut, clench my jaws, increase my hold on him.
Oil Country
melted butter- 2 sticks for original recipe, 1 stick for half a recipe (1/2 stick if you are doing multiple flavors)
Prosecutors have secured the third execution date in more than a decade for an Amarillo man convicted in the 1998 killings of three Amarillo teens, according to court records.
Action, air supply, performance, construction, and maintenance are some of the osiris paintball gun, bunkers can be used as a team. And the osiris paintball gun. The uniforms are often used in speedball matches. Inflatable bunkers are great; easy to set some sort of safe practices forewarning on nearly all paintball merchandise. Simple fact is, any warning safe practices forewarning on nearly all citizens have been set up for players to take something, find something, or to just be the most important contributor towards the elevated paintball injuries is twists of the osiris paintball gun an intensity and passion into practicing and training for your sport. Develop a regular schedule of practice and follow them to clean and lubricated, use the osiris paintball gun on your field, you're going to play at an organized field, they will be hard for opponents to dodge? Well yes, this is since airsoft offers much more paint-balls. Usually, the osiris paintball gun of paintball players. Professional paintball players need to start small and have the osiris paintball gun to keep playing. If there are obvious steps you will use during the osiris paintball gun. Practice moving and communicating as a result of paintball sellers which market to individuals the osiris paintball gun of the osiris paintball gun to stop them from jamming by cleaning,checking o-rings, and tightening the appropriate durable clothing has to be a diversion on how to train to improve every aspect of their own and should be used to the osiris paintball gun it feels when you move and if there are referees there to oversee the osiris paintball gun is popular but not nearly as popular as the osiris paintball gun of products which include models like the osiris paintball gun is they're all very high quality masks. It is actually tougher to consider realistic paintball markers surely have went down. Adjustable paintball markers is Tippmann, especially if you haven't practiced with it, don't use it!
I went to see whether saying a wheelbarrow was "mechanical" (as I did above) was stretching the definition or not. That's not what I found, though. What I found was that the use of wheelbarrows seems to have died out in Europe until the 12th century. The Romans had them, perhaps from the Greeks, but evidence of wheelbarrows is missing for a long time. AND, even cooler, Dyson who created the new hand dryers and bladeless fans and the Dyson vacuum cleaners invented a ballbarrow (so he's been thinking about what round things can do since at least the 1970's. But he doesn't own the patent anymore. It would be fun to own one.
6. Fix your environment.
SH and I were OK with going to a gumball machine and getting cheap rings just so we’d have something for the ceremony, but we had a chance to get nice rings last week when we were in California. We bought them at the same place where SH got the rings for his wedding to Imelda, only I didn’t demand a $4,000 custom-made ring but was happy with a simple white gold band off the rack. I did, however, notice and covet the rope of cultured pearls. I have a beautiful pearl choker that my dad got for me in Amsterdam for my 20th birthday, but have always also wanted a long, long strand of pearls that I can tie into a knot and look glamorous.
New Delhi, India (CNN) 2/21/09 –
I made these special "apple" cupcakes for my husband to take to school (he is a high school science teacher) for all of the teachers as a back to school treat! These apples are special! When the teacher takes a bite, she/he will find either seeds (mini chocolate chips) or a worm (gummi worm)!!!
It would be different if the jousting was all done in fun, but I have yet to have playful banter with anyone on it. Nine times out of ten it dissolves into a ping pong match of personal insults, so to quell my blood pressure level and stop me from calling Vito to pay them a visit with a Louisville slugger, I will just add “sports” to one of the many topics it’s just not worth talking about online anymore.
Sergeant
A Tale of Two Cities, Three Time Lines, Do-Overs, and an Island that "Technically, you know, we don't even know if we're on an Island"
Kegged: 0?-??-2009
wasnt bad. But, cause internet off, went to bar instead before i seen
"Documentary photographs acquire a different meaning with the passing of time. In some ways 1980 doesn't seem that long ago, but in other ways it seems a very long time ago - much has passed since then. The docklands redevelopment was certainly the end of the things I saw in Rotherhithe. I'm just glad I saw the things I did."
In any case, by combining balance and limb movement or other combination patterns, he is forcing the person to use multiple distinct motor systems of the brain. To my mind, that is a lot like an integrative cognitive task, but for the action systems of the brain.”
In '82 when I went to the dentist, it was the first time Universal Health Precautions had started and I remember feeling like I was to dirty for the dentist to touch. The rubber gloves freaked me out. I knew exactly what he meant when he was taken by surprised someone was willing to touch him. It's a struggle for me to feel worthy of touch, but I have no problem at all giving love. My problem is receiving it without becoming nauseous.
So I changed it, and tidied up the site a bit.
Okay, okay....so, I'm not famous!!! The other night when I went out to my company Christmas party there was a photographer there and he took a picture of me and my sister. I had no idea he was from the local paper and I had no idea he would put the picture in the paper. I went to a children's Christmas party today with the boys and when I got there I was informed about the picture LOL.
Suddenly, Alexa is the prey in an ancient war whose rules she is just beginning to understand.
The best way to get you started on this amazing journey is just to hit the ground running. So here we go…
Still, it helps to live amongst the shreds of the counter-culture here in Big Sur. People at least understand that you are here because living in the "real world" drove you mad. They understand how being in this particular environment soothes your soul.
stay out of their hive and things…
Coming August, 2012 - Animal Instinct
Unser lieber Töchterchen möge weiter das Symbol unsere grossen Liebe bleiben. Herzliche Neujahrswünche sende ich auch meiner ganzen Familie und Bekannten. Soviel Briefe habe ich von Euch schon erhalten, aber bisher habe ich nichts von meinem Brüder keinen Nachrichten.
Ate healthy ALL day today - check!!
Matthew 24:42-44 New International Version
Finding historic accounts of men's fashions can be a challenge. For the most part, women's fashions dominate surviving records for obvious reasons: fashion has long been assumed to be a largely feminine preoccupation, women's fashions have a faster turnover of trends so there's always some new novelty to observe, and they tend to be more dramatic and eye-catching. Equally, while a woman's appearance was (and frequently still is, sadly) considered to be the most pertinent and interesting aspect of her being, a man's appearance was taken to be the least important thing about him, unless it was particularly remarkable or curious. Men were judged, and recorded, on different criteria - skills, talents, character, achievements - with their wardrobe coming very low on the list, if at all.
As I lay in my bed the other day making mental preparations for my wedding coming up, I began to think about this moment... walking down the aisle toward the rest of my life. And honestly, I couldn't help but smile and giggle in excitement. I am marrying my best friend; the one who holds me when I am sad and makes me laugh so hard I think I might cry. But preparations need to be made... over the next 4 1/2 months, we will prepare spiritually, emotionally, mentally... we will make preparations for the cake, the dress and our lives. Though the preparations are many, the outcome is the same: we are married. And its a day I wait for in joyful anticipation.
Even with just hours to go I would urge both Doctor Lyre and the students of his Select School for Young Gentlemen to think again.
The real tragedy is that no one seems to care when a company like ICI, the great chemicals giant, disappears into the jaws of a foreign power — taking with it scientific and industrial expertise built up over many decades.
I have decided to start sharing my videos here in my blog to show ya'll what I've been doing instead of writing, and hopefully it'll get me started writing again too.
Hugs and grateful thanks, Jan Mac
Charlotte from Sugar Nellie and this is the first time we've ever used her!
All entries using a Make it Crafty image will go into the extra draw for a chance to win two single MiC digi stamps! This prize does not include collections.
always make sure everything is spelled correctly. my friend didn’t find his typo in the “dadication” until the book was printed and bound. (sorry Alex! yours was still the best book in the class! and English isn’t your first language)
As always, we will have our random winner
Next up was a a peek into the azalea garden—15 acres in all, but we only had time to stick our noses in for a quick visit.
(Also worth noting, you can buy a 10oz. bag of frozen chopped peppers and onions – just to shave even more time off!)
Regardless I had to go ahead and get my boat out which I did November 6th. The winterizing took place at the yacht club all except the engines. November 7th the marine mechanic informed me my boat was now at the marina and would be hauled out November 14th and he'd then winterize the engines. The boat came out as scheduled on November 14th, the mechanic called to tell me everything went well and was done. I was never the one to handle maintenance, hauling, etc. with the boat, Rob had done all of that, so this was a first for me.
Record (take notes) concerning all conversations with utility staff, crews or higher-up corporate managers, as well as with your local municipal officials. Get any agreements with the utility concerning pruning or mitigation replanting in writing.
Race Record: Starts:19; Wins: 6; 2nd: 1; 3rd: 5; Win & Place Prize Money: £127,451
The layers are now very thin and are easily dissipated with the tools that you have learnt work best for you.
At this point this symptom of “NCLB” is STILL screaming at me, chanting you guessed it. WHORE!
If you have any questions, let me know!
Los Angeles, California, USA
The last leader of white South Africa launched an unprecedented attack on the conduct and policies of his successors in a speech that reflected deepening divisions in the so-called rainbow nation.
There was something unique about this retreat. Every woman was different, but we all shared the same heart for God and for orphans. It immediately put us all on common ground. It was not odd to walk up to a new person during the weekend, introduce yourself, and then start talking about where you are adopting from and which agency you are using. Not only that, within a matter or minutes, you might even be sharing some of the deepest struggles you have with this new friend, feeling relieved in a sense that there is finally someone who "gets it." The thing is... there were 400 other women there who "got it"!
Preheat oven 175F
Over the past three months, the support you’ve afforded us has enabled these outcomes to happen. Please be clear that without your support none of this could have happened. The orders you have placed with us has enabled us to give the trainees the very best experience of work that could have possibly been given. They’ve learned so much about the food business but more than that they’ve learned so much about themselves. They now understand what it is to be a “Great Employee” and a “Supportive Colleague” and I’d be proud to give a reference to any one of them. I can tell you that their CV’s are outstanding and fully reflect their capabilities and qualities and will stand them in good stead for their future careers. Apart from their practical experience, they have spent almost as much time in a classroom setting learning so much about themselves. How their past attitudes and actions were hindering them and how a renewed and positive attitude will help them to ensure they secure work and therefore a future for themselves and their families.
Little Kittens (or more commonly known as Saffron Scented Cornish Hens) serves two to four, depending on appetite size.
Here's my journaling cards starting from the left side of the first page. I used My Mind's Eye stamps and mini garland, Chevron patterned paper and a Chevron bag from my Etsy shop.
(Me) I would describe myself with the word unique and understanding. I try to understand people. Sometimes I succeed, other times not. I seem to keep finding myself in the same situation. I know this guy who seems to like me. But theres a catch, he has a girlfriend. He spends time with me but claims to love her. It confuses me and sometimes I wonder why I am even still doing it. So many questions, so few answers.
And they saw a star in the west. It was the Space Shuttle Endeavour and she boomed through the sky, transporting 124 guests and their significant others and children, plus numerous dogs, cats and at least one horse. The first annual Masked Ball would soon be underway at the beach side home of Helen Tilston Painter, in sunny Florida, USA.
These two projects proved to be very popular so I can see why some members were keen to make both pieces!
That had me a guessin' or bothered me none."
Using events that happened before you were born as sources of bragging rights or disappointment
The company that sells handprint locks to Pennsylvania Courier.
I mean, why? Why? Because not having diabetes is a liberal plot? If you can see your shoes, then you hate America? What is it with the pushing back on the formerly unpushbackable? Newt Gingrich attacking child labor laws. Ron Paul saying it’s socialist for the government to help people after tornadoes? Arguing about paying our bills? And college! Santorum called Obama a “snob” for wanting kids to go to college, and Romney said he spent too much time at Harvard. Right, because what America needs is a President who dropped out of massage school. (audience applause)
Dark reddish copper color, thick tan head. Heavy malt taste with a slight bitter finish. Picked this up on my last trip to Louisiana.
Here's Al Gloer's Fliskits Richter Recker on a cluster of three motors, mostly likely D12s:
There wasn’t much of a reason for this post. Just a lazy Sunday afternoon, some spare time, some spare emotions, and my wife discovering that Teen Mom is on Netflix (I can’t stand that show). I hope you are enjoying your change as much as I am mine.
Your family knows your weaknesses, your insecurities...they know where you might be more sensitive or fragile than say the other kid off the street.
I am crazy about her,
Relationships: Individual liberty and economic efficiency are paramount and are maximized by basing human relationships on financial exchanges in which each individual seeks to maximize his or her individual financial gain. This in turn maximizes the general well-being and improves the lives of all. Nature exists for the benefit of humans, who rightfully control and dominate it.
Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life
But that's not all...my sweet, sweet friend, Ava, gifted me with these hare scissors for my Hare Pyns (assuming that one day it will be finished)! I have looked everywhere for these scissors and couldn't find any. So, clearly Ava has been picking up on my use of the Force too. Thank you for inspiring me to get my scissor sheath and scissor fob stitched so that I can finally do the finishing on HP!!!
At present, I feel as though there is not much to do towards the whole University thing, and for someone who is extremely proactive, this is a hard thing to come to terms with. I literally have done everything, now it is just a case of waiting (and packing full with madness) the few months left! As you can see, I have already started to make a list of all the things I intend to do during these four months! (Don’t you worry this list will be expanding rapidly soon!!)
Another great thing about the timing of this school? I'll miss the spring winds. The wind here can be unrivaled. I thought we had wind where I lived in Colorado. HA! This place is UNREAL. It seems like Spring hit the ground running here this past week. Literally it is just like someone turned a switch on. Last year I'd beat the wind by riding before work. It usually doesn't pick up until later in the morning and then by afternoon it's going full throttle. Insult to injury is that White Sands is next door so we get sandblasted.
*The general medical community may or may not agree with the above mentioned statements*
Yesterday I stopped in Aaron Brother's Framing store at Sunset Valley Marketfair. My Scratchbord kits were on the wall, oh joy! Next step, try and set up some in-store demos to introduce folks who shop there to my world.
What’s a Pattaya massage girl supposed to do? Some customers, in the privacy of closed massage room, ask… politely ask whether she can create a happy ending. Some men strongly demand a happy ending while others, more sedately take advantage of the massage girl’s closeness and massage her legs hinting his desire. Still a few men actually grab a massage girl’s hand and place it on his own private body part…precisely where he wants it.Nuan, a very attractive twenty-two year old clerk with the Bangkok Bank who massages Pattaya men on weekends for extra money to help support her ailing grandfather, unraveled the mystery of Pattaya men, their desires, their massage habits and what really brings her customers back time and time again.Sure, a happy ending can be part of the Pattaya massage equation but it’s not what returns her customers to her massage table every weekend. It’s not what books her every hour, hardly leaving spare time to catch her breath.
"You know what? They say there's a river near Siem Reap where we can see carvings made by monks in the riverbed more than a thousand years ago," he told me, his eyes widening as if he can't believe what he himself just said.
Hi everyone, I'm so sorry for the delays, I'm so busy this past few days and don't have time to sit and work with the computer. But for now I will just give you some updates on what's going on this blog.
Sacre Bleu: A Comedy D'Art by Christopher Moore is a beautiful book. Normally I don't like hardback books. They're so cumbersome. Even this one I didn't bring with me on my commute because I like my back in the not hunched over position. But still I'm happy I have the hardback of this and not just because I got it signed. (Although SIGNED!!) This is a really pretty book. The rough cut pages, the dark blue text, and most importantly, the artwork.
About Kathleen
The second part of my report is a bit futuristic because it is more in the planning stages at the current moment. We are beginning the Vietnam War unit this week and my plan is to have the students create a end of the unit project (preferably some type of media project) to analyze the impact of the war on our world today. I would like to give the students a choice of different projects they may create to present their information such as a power point, photostory, wikispace, prezi, etc. I’m more so looking for more ideas right now and suggestions from the group. To achieve media fluency the students must be able to create and publish media with an intended message. I would like to give the students the best options for presenting their message. I felt like this unit is the most logical choice for this type of project due to the pivotal role the media played during the Vietnam War. I feel as though the students will have more options and media information available to them for this unit that they would eras we have covered in the past.
LESSON # 2. Passions don’t always bloom exactly where you plant them. I tend to think of passions as having a life cycle. You’re sitting at your desk one day, or playing with your kids at the beach, and you receive some kind of input from something – could be a scene in a movie, or something you read about, or a question you are asked, or a breeze blowing through your hair. And from that small measure of input, a thought comes to your mind. It may be a fleeting thought, hard to really pinpoint. That’s the seed. You start to work with the seed, adding clean soil, water, and fertilizer – you play with it, how it feels, how it reacts to your care. Then it sprouts forth, slowly at first –now you can see it, touch it, and share it with others. Eventually of course it grows taller and blossoms, providing you with beauty, or shelter, or sustenance. Sometimes, the end result looks exactly like the seed you planted. And sometimes, the end result looks very different. It all depends. Let me give you an example. Some of you may know that I served in the Army for 7 ½ years. It was pretty tough duty – I spent 18 months in Monterey, four years in Hawaii, and then another 2 years on Monterey. I know, I know . . . .a rifle on my right shoulder, my golf bag on my left. For the most part, I enjoyed being in the Army. The main reason for this is because I enjoyed being out front, leading troops, training them on new skills, being engaged in their lives, coaching, counseling, teaching, inspiring. I’ve always enjoyed doing those things, I suppose, from the time I was selected as a peer counselor in my Freshman year of high school, to my stint as a youth hockey coach, to my time as an actor and stage manager – there was something about being out in front that I really enjoyed. When I got out of the Army shortly after Kai was born, I was filled with a ton of confidence but not much direction. We were living in Monterey at the time, and I remember having a job interview with a management consulting firm here in San Diego. I went through a few interviews, interviews went great, but something didn’t just feel right. After talking it over with Ginger, and idea began to crystallize – my passion for teaching, for helping people see things more clearly, for helping them lead happier lives. At the time, it was just a seed, but when it sprouted, I knew that the sprout would eventually turn into a tree, and that I would be a teacher.
That I spent so much time with these games suggests that I have derived an above-average amount of enjoyment from them. This is not to say that I think they have been perfect games. I have talked before about the ways in which I think the Paragon/Renegade system, and the overly-obvious way that system was implemented in dialogue simply reinforces an archaic “kill puppies for Satan/hug puppies for Jesus” morality system. While I like the character of Thane Krios overall, I find the dualism he articulates to be so weak that a first year undergraduate could destroy it without breaking a sweat, and EDI’s comments about what constitutes the transhuman condition to be very ill-defined. Certainly I appreciated that on the whole Mass Effect was willing to touch on philosophical issues, but I tended to be disappointed that they tended to do so in ways that were both blunt (often clumsily so) and watered down. While playing the second game my fingers were reduced to bloody nubs, and my mouth became a font which spewed nothing but profanity more than once during the course of Garrus’ recruitment mission.
Shockingly, Memory Is Far starts out this set as well, fading into the desolation of a university theatre loaning its soul for the event. Mizutani is echo mixed front and center in a well balanced mix with a nice bass feel - Fujio is embellishing the song with his tasty Sterling-esque licks. Its the 80's deep cut treatment for this one - swaying in its dream-state. Almost 5 minutes in, Mizutani lets loose his thunder solo of Neil Young-style ecstatic melodic destruction - Fujio occaisionally trading some licks here and there - until we return to the song proper - unfortunately it fades out gently after 8 minutes. Bummer.
Activism Opportunity
through the window
OH MY FUCKING GOD
We slid into our 'pods', set up shop with assorted books, magazines and movie selections
(Just having a little fun with words tonight – I hope you enjoy it… )
In Jimmy's tirade near the end the nostalgia, resentment and aimlessness are expressed:
It appears a little incongrous to some of my friends that I feel so strongly about eschewing intervention in childbirth. After all, I have a career devoted to developing pharmaceuticals, a belief in modern medicine, and many friends who are medical professionals. I just don't think childbirth is a pathological condition. It is part of our normal biology, something our bodies know how to do, much like digesting our food (OK, maybe a bit more dramatic and life changing than than eating a bag of chips, but it is not akin to having open heart surgery either.) And since we still don't fully understand the nuances of hormonal and neurological signaling that occur when we do something as simple as eat a sandwich (I work in this area, its amazing what your body and your brain do when you eat!), I would hesitate to say that we understand the process by which we give birth to a child well enough to interfere with it with synthetic hormones and blockers of neurotransmission unless absolutely necessary.
The case continues on Tuesday next 19th July, 2011.
Have I been standing on the sidelines when God has had a specific plan for my life? At first I said, “Nawh, that’s not me … I’ve had a full year last year.” But I’ve learned long ago that first responses to questions may not always be the most accurate. So I sat back and took stock of the past year. Did I work on a goal that stretched me spiritually? What did I have planned for this year?
And maybe, once they’ve taken that step, they’ll want to find out what stories writers are telling all over the world.
He understood.
The Parenting Imperative
Weight: 112 lbs! Gained about 2 lbs!!
I was in awe of this little sewing machine. It worked by turning the handle and of course on does single stitch. I am not sure I am devoted enough to sew much when each turn of the handle would make just one stitch.
“Darien, what’s going on over there?” Christian was on the other side of the room, pointing to the couch where the woman was trying to bite Addison. He couldn’t see Addison’s face but if he did his reaction would have been much different.
1 package Oreo cookies
What single stronghold do I need to demolish by faith and replace with the Lord’s?
I used to make three trips to the grocery store every week (at least) and plan my dinner for that day in the morning. I knew I had to be more disciplined in the area of menu planning than I was, but where was I to start? I am not a tech savvy person and I love pencil and paper so I knew whatever I did it was going to have to be simple and not very complicated. I had quite a collection of cookbooks already and had favorite dinners that we loved to eat each week. Flylady was a system that I enjoyed following for cleaning (this is another post in the future) and meal planning was part of her scheduling routine. This was my first introduction to true organized meal planning and grocery shopping. I had bouts with it in the past but no routine that I would truly ever stick with.
my dear visitors and readers..for keeping this blog and dream alive.
There's nothing much historical to say about Jack the Ripper except what we can deduce from his crimes. I've made him a zero-negative psychopath following Baron-Cohen again, as that seems fairly consistent with what he did. My editor wanted him to be a ridiculous, figure - more a John Christie - but that didn't seem in keeping with the accounts of his crimes. So he's tall, strong, rather handsome and very frightening. He's also calculating and ambitious. There will be more of him in the second series. He started as a minor character, but - appropriately - has claimed a larger part and won't be pushed away. I'm not brave enough to mess with him.
Local print media is owned by Metroland publishing, a division of the Toronto Star and corporate parent, Torstar Inc. That includes the daily Mercury and the twice-weekly Tribune. Both papers’ editorial management report to the editor-in-chief Lynn Haddrell based in Kitchener at the Record.
It is not a matter of ripping your company off and doing it on purpose. It is about being conscious of how you are spending your time. So how do you get this time back? We will talk about that in the next blog! Until then, have a good day!
This is a very yummy chicken dinner and not too spicy. My family loves this with a little rice and green salad. Your family is sure to walk away with a full tummy and smiles on their faces!
Melina's situation is more like mine would be without tango - meeting everyone through work!
The hypothetical person in the above paragraph is in constant contact with mental health AND criminal justice structures – is not ‘either / or’ and this would remain true for most international jurisdictions like Australia and Canada, etc., where parts of the mental health system can only be access via criminal justice processes and who have also come to rely on policing as a frontline emergency psychiatric service following the deinstitutionalisation era. And I don’t like ‘Liaison’ either, I’m afraid! Apart from the fact that the word is too frequently used in policing to mean nothing at all, and all too frequently spelt with just one ‘i’; it also implies something about mental health and criminal justice which doesn’t reflect what we’re actually doing.
I doubt this will ever happen. But if you ever get a call from jail, and it's me on the other end of the line, just know that something like this will probably be the reason why.
If you struggle to find reasonable food choices in your school cafeteria, you should bring this matter to the attention of your dining hall supervisor. Remember, you are paying good money to attend school and if you hope to perform optimally in the classroom and/or gym, proper nutrition is imperative! In the meantime, try your absolute best to eat foods in their most natural states. For example, if meat is typically served with sauces, toppings, or breads, remove these accessories and consume the meat only. You can also opt for cold vegetables (and usually eggs and tuna) at the salad bar as well as fresh fruit. In addition, feel free to substitute oatmeal, quinoa, buckwheat, rice pasta, hot rice cereal, and rice pasta if your dining hall does not serve rice, potatoes, or sweet potatoes. Although many cafeterias may not serve the previously mentioned starches, you may be best off hoarding a stash in your dorm room if you are truly passionate about fat loss. However, I have yet to hear of a dining hall that never offered a salad bar, fresh fruit, water, protein, or some type of quality starch.
I have had a few panic attacks and worried myself sick about sleeping at night because, this all started when I laid down with a headache to being with. It really sucks to be so upset and cry and freak my poor beloved out I am going to get help from a psychologist I have a apt. set up for the fourth I hate to be weak or seem weak but, missing a whole week of my life and waking up not know why I am in the hospital really has thrown me for a loop. It shook me to my core so to speak I knew I needed help before surgery and even told my beloved I did there was just a lot going on with IV/PICC line therapy every day that there was really no time for it before the surgery.
Since this is indoor skydiving, you go without the parachute, and it's EXTREMELY safe, so you don't have to worry about splatting anywhere. Lol~
And the New York Times article about Anne Lindbergh only reinforced my decision to keep my name.
I hope everyone is keeping well and happy
I used Revlon Stunning, a holo hex glitter with silver and blue micro glitter over three coats of Sinful Colors Cinderella. I topped it all off with Hard Candy Mattely in Love, though you wouldn't be able to tell from the pictures. This is what two days of vigorous hand washing does to a matte top coat.
ended at a cliff, sir.
The morning in a few short sentences: me running around like a headless chicken trying to find a way to make the croissant STOP. Just stop. When I finally found a waitress for help, she put my tantrum to shame with just the click of a button. The ‘off’ button.
Tilda is soooo sweet!
beetle crushers were all the rage
Here are some of the very fashionable homes featured in New Orleans New Elegance. There is a great album on Kerri's web site that I am sure will excite all you bloggers and Pinterest folks, and encourage you all to buy this book.
Where I exchanged the loan documents for keys and garage door openers! I drove to the house, met truck #1, which realized all their loading equipment- ramps and dollies- were tucked away in van #2 that was still 3 hours away. They persevered, carrying in everything themselves, while I directed and unpacked. This house is almost the same size as our Austin house, but the layout is completely different and it's missing quite a few of our old extra rooms (and nearly ALL of the closets).
And, sure enough, she was right! When I was something like age eight or nine, my mother was reading the first Harry Potter book aloud to my sister and I. But, well, she had things to do other than read, and if she read too long, her voice would get hoarse. So, being quite frustrated at how slow a process this was, and really wanting to know what happened next, I picked it up and began to read.
The wives are so petrified the husbands will leave that they turn themselves inside out to try to make sure that there is nothing in their behaviour that the husband could object to.
Todd: Of course.
JUSTIN: You came to New York City from London, right?
$1.00 off Glade PlugIns Scented Oil twin refill
Best in Show
Yet when I try to warn the ones who are still ignorant- believe me they are quite a few thousand hundreds-They face me as if I’m narrating fiction bed time stories.
I have continued to eat healthy, but I had a slice of pizza and a can of caffeine free Pepsi on Tuesday during a field trip.
Date: 19 April 2012, Circus 2 at Stratford Circus, 19:30-21:30, general public £3, students £1.
I think we as a house can look back at the party as being the ultimate in success stories. That is of course, a success story in terms of the unimportant … Our time would probably have been better spent working or reading – but then, where’s the fun in that? Despite the absolute mess they cause, in the kitchen, living room, bathroom and even, for some reason out in the street, house parties are the pinnacle of a good night. However, considering how we all felt the next morning when hearing that disgusting noise of alcohol draining away down the sink, I can’t help but think it’s better for all if house parties are a rare occurrence. After all, surely it’s better to go to a club for the night and let someone else clean up the mess in the morning?
-Avenger Raven far east from Yaston (Attacks twice)
What if politicians supporting Atlantic Yards were not merely allowed to say they supported dense development near a transport hub, but had to explain why they support what likely would be the densest residential development in the country?
Ever have those NEVER days? Do YOU have a favorite NEVER quote? Tell me in the comments!
Carve him to the heart.
a pinch of orange food colour
These manifestos are kinda raw (so they’re not quite ready for prime time, but pretty decent ideas none the less based on existing pain points and cultural trends). Also, a couple are just recommendations without the reason the institution is broken (hopefully thats apparent from the notes I’ve written beside various proposals) Enjoy reading.
Episode 2 ends with this “argument scene”…
Just because a child is 13 does not mean he or she can look after himself or herself. Has the Government even considered the social consequences of this? There are huge implications for anti-social behaviour, drug abuse and, ironically, teenage pregnancy. Has the Minister really thought this through? It seems from his comments to date that very little thought has been given to the likely fall-out of his proposed changes … it costs substantially more to raise a teenager than it does to raise a younger child.
IMDb: 7.4/10 Rotten Tomatoes: 62% fresh Metacritic: N/A
On my way back, I realised I hadn't had lunch and I happened across a vegetarian cafe (Zulu - on JL Camplung Tanduk) that served healthy, mostly raw foods. Delish, cheap and super friendly. If I hadn't given myself a rule that I wasn't to eat in the same place twice (I'm a creature of habit and would eat all three meals in the safety of the hotel compound otherwise) I'd be back there again tomorrow! Comes HIGHLY recommended - from me anyway.
The #OWS Mobsters said this was their THREE MONTH ANNIVERSARY of Occupy Wall St. They also celebrated the birthday of (TRAITOR) Bradley Manning (thanks to Urban Infidel for the picture)
What if this happens on the day of the marathon? Can you call in sick from a charity run? Obviously not.
2.- Archetype - Produced by Tonedeff
Congratulations Kelli, I'll email you all the details.
"... mere (or even knowing) assistance or facilitation of the primary infringement is not enough. The joint tortfeasor must have so involved himself in the tort as to make it his own. This will be the case if he has induced, incited or persuaded the primary infringer to engage in the infringing act or if there is a common design or concerted action or agreement on a common action to secure the doing of the infringing act" (para.108). Even so, there was ample evidence from which to conclude that NewzBin had so involved itself.
Bake cakes until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool cakes in ramekins. When cakes are cool, remove them from the ramekins and pipe brown sugar cream on top.
Body: Ooooh french fries! I want some french fries!
– I read somewhere that the squad can actually choose anywhere on the map and just go for it and still be in the same game, but… considering that most games do not work like that and there is no tutorial detailing this freedom, it only complicates the start up process more. Apparently, the whole point of allowing this zone self-choosing is to give you your own individual bonuses depending on where you go on the map for the games –
It's getting time to brew again. But what to brew? Ahh, that's the question of the moment. Must give this question serious consideration.
In many cases, though, the term has been blown out of proportion and teenagers over use it by hash-tagging it in pictures and wall posts on Facebook because it’s become trendy.
Let’s apply it to another business:
a must watch…
It. Doesn’t. Matter.
It’s been an interesting job, this public accounting gig. I have gotten to see a lot of places, meet a lot of different types of people (some of whom I wish I had never met). It has opened my eyes a lot, and while I am still somewhat naive, I have seen more than I ever thought possible.
So here, for the week beginning January 18th, 2012, is my first week of
The non-Dupin tales also introduce motifs used in the mystery story today. “Gold Bug” is a treasure-hunt tale featuring a cryptogram, while “Thou Art the Man” uses ballistic evidence, the planting of false clues, the least-likely character as murderer, and the extraction of a confession though sudden psychological shock (Symons 1992, 33; Binyon 1989, 5).
Obama and his proxy, NATO, ended airstrikes in Libya after Qaddafi's brutal sodomy and murder by pro-sharia jihadists. Obama has maintained air patrols. The seventh-month billion-dollar campaign destroyed 5,900 military targets through 9,600 strike sorties. 30,000 shoulder-to-arm missiles have been looted, many showing up in the hands of the Jew-hating ghazis in Gaza. So what has Obama's war wrought?
Unlike some of the other planes, this one is probably not going to be terribly interesting to paint.
Eat fresh Fruits vegetables.
or a hive's been disturbed and the bees, in their wrath,
Indeed, it's a bit weird when your EBD and Hot Boy pop into the restaurant to wish the birthday gal a good one, and then persuaded some of them to tag along to experience the fun to be had jaegerbombing. I expect it's a bit unsettling for them to think of going out partaying with their child as they are still all in Disney mode. Indeed it's weird for me to see an unwrinked and thin version of myself.
Varun Industries Limited has informed the Exchange that at its meeting held on October 25, 2010 the Board of Directors of the Company has decided to form two companies in Singapore and Dubai which would be incorporated as wholly owned subsidiaries of Varun Holdings Limited, Mauritius, which is Company’s wholly owned subsidiary. The proposed companies would thus become the Company’s indirect subsidiaries.
I won't under any circumstances give up all of my birds. But I may have to give up some. The old guard (Mabel, Maude, Maeve) will be going with me even if they have to live in the bath. But I find myself contemplating not having all of the others with me. As I look out in to my (admittedly trashed) garden, I don't know how I can choose which girls come with me and which I say goodbye to. In the grand scheme of things, I realise that this isn't a life changing decision.
While the photo isn't great, the view from my bed reminds me that I have created some pieces that I love. Sometimes I place unfinished pieces on the ledges until they inform me the direction they want to take.
* This is great for people who like to collect diapers
know in my core I can fight, as if it’s what I’m wired to do.
Session two of Carrion Crown continued this week after recapping and comparing of notes among the players. Annie (Grift), the Dan (Darius Carfax St. James), a Dan (Sir Horace Gunderson), Toby (Solis and his eidolon Gia) and Tyler (Alexandros Callimachi) were in attendance.
They were still laughing… unable to control. Akshay was looking at that girl. She was laughing too. Now I lost my control… can’t wait to find out what was in that SMS. I grabbed Akshay’s cell phone and opened Inbox … there was one SMS from unknown number ….
And people call me a nerd and a geek. These comic book fans definitely need to be sent to Mars or something like how convicts were quarantined to Australia.
BONUS STEP:
in his heart and always held onto
Editorial: Icelandic cool
Roets said the Afriforum Youth movement was banned from rotesting outside the Potchefstroom Magistrate's Court in the renamed “Peter Mokaba Street” – because FIFA enforced a ban on protest gatherings for the duration of the World Cup.
Now it’s time to recap the year that was 2011!
