Please come on over the the Outlawz Challenge group and check out the beautiful creations that my teamies have created. We would love it if you would play along as there are prizes to win each and every week.
I'm very excited. This will help cut down on a lot of our trash. Not only is it better for the environment but it's a lot less to burn, which just turns to ash in the burn barrel that eventually has to be cleaned out. Yuck. Plus I want to watch this stuff break down. It's really cool the way nature works.
When have you stretched the sympathy on being sick? Take an extra day off? Let your hubby clean the house for another week? Made you're kids refill your drink while you laid on the couch? Tell me about it!
Context on the show: Milhouse is concerned about his parents’ strained relationship. Schoolyard bully Kearney consoles him by saying, “Ah, you’ll do fine. My divorce was tough on my kid, but he got over it.” Then his son, who’s a spitting image of dad, cheerfully pipes in with the above quote.
May you experience ease and peace throughout your days…and watch out for those 2×4′s! They can be a humdinger!
We were very lucky this week to be provided with
Ellory Graham detested high school. She relished the fact that she was a rebel. A wild, carefree, type of girl. She basked in the glory of being the type of girl who stood up to authority. Unfortunately for her, her upfront, honest and bitchy nature always managed to land her in some kind of trouble.
kate's hand bouquet
Let's look at a pretty picture for a minute, to calm ourselves--
3.Brush the fish with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill over moderately high heat until lightly charred and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Transfer the fish to a platter and pull off the skin.
- Seller Paid Closing Cost Concessions of $4,000 to $8,700 were included in 4 of the 6 recent Beverly Woods East neighborhood home sales
"I asked why Rel was uncomfortable with the way I look." Taslin's clear, incisive tones cut through Rel's mumbled 'Nothing'.
Hope you are all doing well and are safe and warm where you are :)
But the bizmod of the writer is very much the same, as are the laws of business rooted in supply and demand.
Inconveniently, it overlaps with the Ottawa Femme Family monthly tea-and-socializing event (which I’m hosting this month, in the next neighbourhood over) BUT, conveniently, I have a very supportive girlfriend who is all, like, “Relax! We’ll take the car!” so I’ll be able to host the femme tea until 3pm, and then zip back to my own neighbourhood in mere minutes to participate in the Jazz Jam (which starts at 2pm, but which goes until 5pm).
We connect. We learn to trust someone else with our pain. Shame dissipates. We humble ourselves with each other, cracking the door to greater relational depth. We learn to open our hearts in the presence of others, making peace with who God has made us to be, even when it is a bit messy. Or a lot messy. Jesus shows up and inhabits those moments, using us in each others lives to begin the process of ‘undoing’ what sin has done – and to begin the process of ‘re-doing’ us in His image.
While some of the subject matter was familiar to me and I could answer the study questions with no hesitation, other parts of it caused me to have to read the Scripture over a few times. The author doesn’t spill a lot of her opinion or commentary. She allowed me to use my own noggin – I even had to leave a few questions blank because I didn’t quite understand what was being asked.
b. Develop employees' skills on basics of conducting experiments.
Poor Logan has had a recurring ear infection off an on, despite veterinary medications. We’ve gone through three tiny squeeze bottles, countless cotton swabs, and always it comes back. He has floppy ears so he’s prone.
doc straus can look in there real good cuz he
My first 3 nominees are young home educated girls whose blogs inspire me!
Your work is all about luxurious, sophisticated spaces. What tips do you have for readers looking to bring sophistication to their home?
16. Reality shows and musical shows.
I feed you and warm you
The train sound that resembles the rushing noise of a distant train could be ocean currents.
What can I say about his back? Naked, it's like Tartarus is wearing a mohair suit.
By healthier I do mean that there are a lot of options for food that are automatically crossed of the list when you decide to not eat meat. McDonalds becomes a no-no. Which is a vast improvement to your diet, there is a lot of fat and grease in all of their food. The fast-food world will become alien to you in no time at all. I’m not kidding. So few fast-food places have vegetarian food. And guess what? When you become vegetarian you are signing up to eat, guess for it, vegetables. It’s in the name. VEGETArian. Or at least the VEG or VEGE part is…
Is it simply sound you want? Or shared ritual magic?
- If your from Austin you'll need to find a friend.
“Bespoke book publishing is also available, priced individually. Please contact us for a quote.”
ends at 11:59 p.m. on May 14, 2012.
Of course, the e-book needs some polishing, and this takes time to do. Hopefully, I'll eventually produce a finished copy for you soon.
So…Evil Charges…go suck a tree. Peace of Mind, even this Evil Joy’s mind, is worth a pretty penny (or several of them as the case may be….)
To the left, is the kitchen and breakfast area.
7) Rauch Beer I had in Nuremberg
FINANCING “MURDER INCORPORATED”
Origin: English
Not by accident just 15 kilometres out of Tübingen there is Germany´s oldest autonomous centre, the “Zelle”.
What else is?
Becoming a bard is something I’ve wanted to do my entire life. I may be a coward, but I’m not a quitter. If finding some ancient poem in order to throw a party is what I must do to become a bard, then so be it. I will just have to start training. That, or buying a lot of invisibility potions. Perhaps I could take up enchanting as well. Some protective enchantments on my armor would be a good start. I could even hire some mercenaries. I’ve seen them around various inns and taverns. I think I can do this. It’s just going to take time.
This book, set as a comic book, talks about enzymes, mucus and why CFers need to eat a high fat diet to stay well. To my delight, there is another book in this series called, Whats Up with Beth: Medikidz explain Cystic Fibrosis. A copy can be purchased here.
Mom, your work is done. You did a great job building our community. We will take care of each other and try to follow your lead and your loving example.
According to The Guardian, Warden and Allan discovered that devices running iOS 4 keep a record of time-stamped coordinates in a file called “consolidated.db.”
Unless you have experienced truth, you cannot know what it is. Not pages of description nor the clever wit of man can tell you what it is. You can only know truth for yourself, and you can know it only when you have freed your mind from illusion. If the mind is not free, you but create opposites, and these opposites become your ideals, as God or truth.
- If we receive the check, we deposit it, – they told me. – Our computer system doesn’t allow us to mark upcoming payments as ‘cancelled checks’.
As for me, this was my least favorite visit of the day because they not only made us wait 40 minutes for the tour, but I also found the tasting to be mediocre and the guide to be, well, typically French in her approach towards non-French tourists. Plus, I didn't really like the tasting. They had a nice Late Harvest dessert wine, but otherwise, it didn't sooth the savage snob.
Be sure to stop by the MFT Blog for a list of all the designers playing along in today's Teasers.
I have no idea what my part was to be in all of this, but Dan asked me to go put on the one piece of lingerie I brought here (a luxury on economy baggage allowance, I really couldn't afford that extra few grams), a pile of makeup and my scarlet heels and join them. So I did. There were some nice fun shots I'll post later as long as R's face isn't in them because she's planning on being a world renowned -insert respectable occupation here- whereas I'm planning to stick to my path of insanity as a means to reach ever greater artistic heights... so photos that are good for my reputation aren't necessarily good for hers.
At the end of Inception, is Cobb in a dream world, or the real world? Both answers are equally possible, within the evidence we’ve been given. In early episodes of Homeland, the evidence pointed equally to Brody being a traitor, or an innocent man struggling with traumatic experiences. Is Carrie correct about him, or dangerously off her medication? Again, both options seem equally possible.
WOMAN: And will that be on your card?
Whether you’re superstitious or not, it’s a rare event.
At least Randy Quaid never had that problem.
2 - Tex Owens - Cattle Call - 3:05
* Swiss Fed Inst Tech - Lausanne (Switzerland)
Dear Diary
One recent email from an author asked me if I could offer some guidance on a UK company they had come across on the Internet. Here was my reply:
1376 D-III/31/2001. “Dreaming and Morality: From Plato to Freud and Back.” Staff Seminar, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
There is something irresistible about this confession. We long for the intimate details of successful women’s lives; how they manage and how they do not, and whether they make peace with it all. The only frustrating part of Sandberg’s confession is that she did not confess enough.
I turned 33 this week, and turning the same age that Jesus was when He had completely fulfilled His earthly ministry caused me to pause and think about what I am accomplishing with my life.
So, this means that we build our reality. We can convince ourselves that the way we perceive things is correct, even if later we realize it wasn't.
But capitalism invents the universal credit card, the credit card, heaven in your wallet, heaven in your pocket, b lend lend lend, owe owe owe, everyone owes, but who cares? just borrow more, have a house, buy a house, borrow to buy a house,
Hey, don’t you just love all those scenes in every modern horror movie ever where the heroine stands in front of one of those bathroom mirror cabinets and gets a jump scare? I don’t. But the movie does!
I've tried a couple of other recipes from the book as part of other boxes. Last week it was the tomatoes. My second box this week had Spinach Falafel, peri-peri hummus (both store bought), some pitta for dipping and a sliced apple and beetroot. This was one of the nicest lunches I've ever packed and that beetroot was a big part of it. It's the Beet Salad With Grainy Mustard Dressing, it's fabulous and packs one hell of a punch.
But I leave you with a few sneak peaks at some of the pieces I am taking to the open house.
Foot Eater!
Work is seriously slow right now. I can't wait until this heat goes away just a little. Like lets get the heat index under 100 please. It has been dry and Africa hot.
Morrow ably sets up the issues at hand and give clear, thoughtful, helpful and direct answers to how the Christian faith speaks to each issue he addresses. Though each chapter is short, and each issue could be addressed within the span of its own book, Morrow’s answers are not simplistic but rather pack a powerful punch that any Christian should be willing to claim as their own.
Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer for 5-10 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Combine the flour and remaining milk until smooth; gradually stir into soup. Bring to a boil; cook a few minutes longer, until thickened.
I nodded and paid her for the information I needed. I told her that if all went well, I'd meet her after the fight. I knew it would go well, I just wasn't sure if wanted to see her again. A guy can only take so much Elizabeth Arden.
Guo YL, Li HJ. The challenge of male reproductive health. (Chinees) Zhonghua Nan Ke Xue 2003; 9: 1-6.
Many thanks to Keren for agreeing to this interview and here’s wishing her huge success with her writing and with Joe – she certainly deserves it!
This is a picture I took of a survey map at the appraisal district office this morning while I was trying to sort out how our property taxes had gotten jacked up. When you live in the city the boundaries of your property are usually pretty clear. At our house in Vegas I could have measured the whole lot with a three hundred foot tape measure in about a half hour. There is of course always easements and once and a while neighbors have issues about where the lines begin and end, but it get more complicated when you can't actually walk along the property lines or see from one corner of the property to the other because there is a tons of trees and brush in the way.
Good morning! It's Monday! You knew that though right? You're probably at work like me, but Monday blues can't get me down today. I'm excited because my sister in law and her husband and sweet baby girl are coming to visit us here in Greece tomorrow! Yay! I have lots of housework to do, but it's for a great cause!
"Are you sure you're okay?"
Speaking of peaches, Sally Field came off the best. She should have won I think. She handles herself super well no matter what and from what I know about marriage, the key is sort of being able to handle anything from a financial problem to a fart in public. It’s like American Gladiators of love and I feel like she could battle through.
Anyway, our lead, Hyun Ki Joon, has gotten word that his brother Sang Hee is around so he shows up at the club to find him but on seeing him, Sang Hee bails which leads to Ki Joon and Ah Jung finally meeting. Is it as momentous as one would expect? Well she’s drunk, bee stung, starts to choke and passes out on the ground. So for a kdrama romantic comedy, I guess you can say, “Yes!”
As shag was shagging the little ball, the rocker dog charged towards him and bared his teeth. Shag grinned, shagged and bounced off into the air!....
Today’s guests include: Creative Cow Tech Guru Bob Zelin, Bryce Button-AJA, Colorist Alexis Van Hurkman, AutoDesk’s Smoke on Mac, Avid, NVIDIA, Tweek & Shotgun. Plus on “The Shakedown”: Editor/Blogger Scott Simmons, USC’s Cinematic Chair Norman Hollyn, Editor Colorist Steve Hullfish, Michael Suissa of B&H Studio, and Tao of Color’s Patrick Inhofer.
Years ago, this little place was amazing, a tucked out the way place that was very quiet as it wasn’t that well known to tourists, unless you knew where to look. These days there’s a car park and cafe and has become somewhat commercialised. To me, a real pity.
So that about covers the action. Now, where are we headed? The three-horse showdown is to be expected. Ace’s plan, which is now rather clear is to sucker Mike into buying the track for himself for an outrageous sum – only casino gambling at the track will NEVER happen.So will Ace’s plan work? Will Nathan Israel have the stomach as well as the ‘cojones’ to play his role? Will Turo step up and do the right thing? Will Walter lose his horse?
A Home Fit for a Princeling : A $32.4 million harborside mansion in Sydney
5. The fact that my children love to read books (or have them read to them)
their goal of being live 24/7 by the end of 2011, pending sufficient
I first bought a Cricut in May of 2008. I saw a beautiful card made with the Indie Art cart and I was hooked. I love this machine so much and I don’t know how I ever created without it.
I thank her. I get dressed. I pay her. I feel lighter. So MUCH lighter. I walk out. Am I taller? I believe I AM taller. Did my body unravel into a stretching yoga pose whilst I was on the madwoman's table? Oh, no…it is just that I’m walking higher. My feet aren’t really touching the ground because my entire VA JAY JAY is on FIRE. And I’m...well, I'm ...hop walking. Kind of like a cowboy who has been in the saddle all day with burrs in his britches. Except not.
I will announce the winner of the random drawing towards to the end of this month and will post another task for the next drawing.
Happy holidays to everyone! I can't fathom that Christmas, along with everything else, is here and has gone by so fast. There is something really strange about this year in particular that seems to have gone by in the blink of an eye, and I'm totally bewildered at the whole thing. But I suppose that's what happens, and in the meantime I'll look for, and gladly participate in, any excuse to dress up.
7) Stricter divine judgement. To much is given- much is required. (Luke 12:48b)
Here's my sample ...........
However, even with that travesty, nobody actually went so far as to suggest that there was a court higher than the democratic vote of a sovereign nation which could overturn their will. Ironically this solution was first muted by an organisation allegedly dedicated to the opposition of tyranny, however, like most left wing lobby groups Amnesty International are very selective as to the tyrannies they oppose and those they are happy to snuggle up with.
Fax: +1.408.542.2510
4) Remember to tell the one you love that you're very impressed with all the things he's learned how to do, and grateful he was willing to do them. Maybe publicly, on a blog.
Words crochet
His name is Gene. He grew up around the Brooklyn Navy Yard and joined the Army when he was 15 and a half. He said he had no idea what he was getting into until he suddenly found himself in North Africa.
I will have to get some other succulents for the pair of Crocs and figure out where to place them. One step at a time!
When my dad died, our doctor felt deep and honest remorse. I'm certain of it. Whether he also felt pangs of guilt, I'll never know. For years following dad's death, the doctor's wife came to visit once each summer carrying a cheque that would send one of us kids to camp. I know this family of devout Christians saw this act as God's work, charitable work. We were dirt poor; going to summer camp was an opportunity we certainly wouldn't have had without their help. The camp, Fair Glen, was a pan-denominational, evangelical Christian organization with a few acres of land about a half-hour from where I grew up. Its sole purpose was make us born again... while teaching us a bit of paddling and bead work on the side.
One day Kathy taught a class where a black man accused her of not providing him with enough attention and support. I wasn’t there, but I suspect I would have been more comfortable handling this situation after having experience with teaching a few hostile black gang members in my classes in high school. Again, Kathy was mortified; horrified that anyone would consider her prejudiced.
These are all amazing novels with magic being central to the plot, and Brandon Sanderson has developed rich worlds and strict magic systems that function almost more as science than magic. The rules of magic are usually clearly stated and defined and understood, and then followed. In his podcast Writing Excuses, in which he and other writers talk about different aspects of writing, he has come up with Sanderson’s First Law, “An author’s ability to solve conflict satisfactorily with magic is directly proportional to how well the reader understands said magic.” If the magic is clearly defined then it can be used to solve problems and the reader is okay with it, if, though, the magic is not clearly understood, when it is used to solve problems it appears more as a deus ex machina.
That lady came out to my house from DHS. Yep, she remembered today. She wasn’t as young as I thought she was–she just seems to naturally have one of those bubbly personalities. She was fat. Why does that matter? Cuz I knew I didn’t have to fucking worry about her judging me solely on weight. With this being a state agency and being told up front that obtaining a chore worker is almost impossible anymore…..I fully expected to be denied. I also knew having this visit was just one more step in the process. I wasn’t sure how much more red tape was left. To my ultimate surprise the home visit was very painless. It was embarrassing talking about some issues but I was honest with her. At the end of the visit I was totally SHOCKED when she told me I qualify for EVERYTHING—you heard that right! They will pay for someone to come cook, and do light house cleaning including laundry & vacuuming, grocery shopping, driving me to doctors apt etc. I could NOT believe it. She said they will pay out about 800-900 per month to someone to help me. I can hire my own person or agency for this. She said it does NOT matter at all who the person is. She said she hates to say this but in training they told her, it could even be a murderer cuz as far as the state is concerned—I am the employer NOT them—they just help me pay the person. I would feel more comfortable with someone I knew helping me but since I don’t know anyone, I’m just going to have to get over it. I was trying to think who in my family I could employ but they live too far away and the able-bodied ones are…..well too lazy and not dependable. I would like to talk to some other people. She told me to call her tomorrow if i couldn’t think of anyone. I would MUCH rather have an individual than a company considering how unpredictable my illness is. A person would be flexible than a company would be–this was even per the DHS worker. She said if I need ANYTHING at all to call her. She also told me if it would help get DH off my back, they could pay him for the time he helped me starting from when my doctor signed that form to the time I hire someone else. (I never told him about this part LOL). I asked her what to do when I get super bad episodes where I can’t take care of DD. She said she wasn’t sure off the top of her head but she would check into it. She also told me that I had NO worries about DD being taken away from me over any of this—which was a major concern for me. She said she use to work in foster care and protective services.
is your one only soul,
The tail is a tan tulle, scrapbook paper on the 2x4 and a sharpie to apply the lettering.
It was all so predictable.
A very popular bake this one – the CCB (Caked Crusader’s Brother) commented that they had everything he loved about a biscuit. When asked what this was, his first (and only) response was that they were, “big”.
"You're eighteen," Jessica said, as if Rachel might have a habit of forgetting her own age. "You need to stop living in this fantasy world. All this computer stuff isn't healthy."
The reason I’m writing this post is because I’m actually shocked at how little people know about this fairly common condition. In a society where appearance is often everything I can’t imagine how hard it is for people with more severe forms. One of the most famous examples of this being Michael Jackson, yet rumours widely circulated as to why he looked the way he did. How can someone be black and then turn white? That’s impossible – right?
as light shadows dancing on green leaves.
Now that I’ve tried all the flavors, I think I can say that Chocolate Coconut is my favorite, but they’re all amazing. Seriously, who knew a sampler pack would be such a slam dunk? I never like all of the varieties in a pack, but this time I do. Winning, Republic of Tea, winning.
31.01.82 Poole Arts Centre
I have such a great giveaway for you today, thanks to one of my newest sponsors, Hart to Hart Digital Photography & Design. Lindsay is a talented photographer specializing in outdoor, on-location, natural light photography sessions in and around the Charlotte area. She’s also the mom of two boys, expecting their first girl this spring:
So the Prophet (pbuh), through his ways of life, firmness, his courage, and his patience has deeply encouraged the Mujahidin for Allah’s Cause.
Next I call attention to Judges 3:15-30:
There are no other buildings within a kilometre. It's just the chapel and the giant pin-oaks that surround it; still green because their time hasn't yet come – the time for their leaves to turn to gold, fall and rustle on the ground under children's boots.
Sometimes a record so perfectly encapsulates a mood, references such a specific time and/or place that there's no other way for that mood or that experience to be the same without the accompanying record in there somewhere.
711410 Agents & managers for artists, athletes, entertainers, & other public figures
Surprisingly, this is only a portion of the pieces that Harris has collected over the years. His entire collection of death-related art totals more than 1,500 pieces. The museum’s curators, alongside Harris, created a replica of the Cultural Center in order to choose which pieces should be included and how they should be exhibited. Several practice runs led to the many-roomed “Morbid Curiosity” exhibit.
Here are the highlights of what we accomplished in this first week of renovating...
Maybe if there is a good enough honk, they can both pull over and break into song together. And that will give me the opportunity to run my car into their heads and/or brains.
Boneyards is the third novel in Rusch's "Diving" universe, after Diving into the Wreck and City of Ruins. This is far-future space opera, with a strong female protagonist, known simply as "Boss." Boneyards begins with Boss accompanying "Coop," the captain of a spacecraft thrown 5,000 years into its future by a faster-than-light mishap (whom I presume Boss encountered in one of the two prior books), as they explore the ruins of an ancient spaceport that was just being built before Coop's ship was lost in time. Coop hopes it will help him to find his people, a group of space nomads referred to as "the Fleet." Meanwhile, we find Boss's friend "Squishy" on a research base just being evacuated. The book cover suggests Squishy will soon become a pawn in the "Enterran Empire's" quest for advanced technology that, as it happens, Coop's people already possess.
‘visitation,’ which was alleged to have taken place in the temple at Kirtland, was a grand fizzle. The elders were assembled on the appointed day, which was promised would be a veritable day of Pentecost, but there was no visitation. No Peter, James and John; no Moses and Elias, put in an appearance. ‘I was in my seat on that occasion,’ says Mr. Whitmer, ‘and I know that the story sensationally circulated, and which is now on the records of the Utah Mormons
are the light of the world. Sickness, poverty, discouragement and death are no
The crows above the forest call;
What we have here is the Sea Hags collector's re-issue, comprising the debut album and two bonus demo tracks. The album kicks of with Half the way valley, described by Yocom in the liner notes as "our answer to GnR's It's So Easy" (except better in my opinion!), though the main driving riff shares some similarities to GnR's Reckless Life, albeit slowed down a fraction. Doghouse follows, described by some as a Stooges rip-off, but sounds more like Toys in the attic era Aerosmith to these ears. This track was originally titled Hammer in the bag, based on a revenge fantasy dreamt up by Yocom regarding a junkie who stole his hidden stash of cash! One of the standout tracks is the poppy Someday, written by Brian Marnell of local San Franciscan legends SVT. Poppy, but also sexy and sinister - the unholy trinity in one song! Other highlights include the sleazy In the mood for love, another slice of pop-rock heaven in Miss Fortune, and my personal fave, the punky, driving Three's a charm, again in the vein of GnR's It's So Easy (except, you guessed it, better!). The two demos, Doghouse and Half the way valley, provide an intriguing glimpse of the band prior to selling their soul to the big bad major labels.
Walsh Gallery
Unlike most breweries which start off producing cask beer and then move into bottling, Williams Bros have done the reverse, having established themselves first as a producer of bottled beer. Scott says this is basically for historical reasons: when they took over the Forth Brewery there were existing staff employed on the bottling line who had to be kept busy, so they launched a range of bottled products. There are now around 20 separate products under the Historic Ales and Williams Bros brands.
Pretty Pennants (Projects)
Until we reach our final destination
Another story is that this week the weather was so nice I decided to go through the car wash, which the boys loved. There was a line so I had almost changed my mind to get the car wash Nolan would have had a fit because he really wanted to go through the car wash (especially since it was the same car wash they can see and watch from daycare. After we were done I asked Nolan if he was going to tell Daddy where we went and his reply was No. I asked him more questions and found out he didn't want to tell Daddy where we went because it was a secret - silly mommy it was a secret car wash. Later he tells me (rather loudly) I no tell Daddy about the secret car wash. Oh he tried to keep his made up secret.
*navy Old Navy dress pants: $1.50
My heart condition is a hereditary one which doctors say has caused a blockage inside my main artery and this means that I will have to be very careful with diet and exercise for the rest of my life.
You are not going to get peace with millions of armed men. The chariot of peace cannot advance over a road littered with cannon. ~David Lloyd George
Ep1.
The black paint S3 Y2K model was announced barely a few months after the February S3 Y2K Chrome. IF I can recall it correctly, it was in June, 2000 but actual shipment was very much later. Somehow I thought the black paint S3 Y2K has a more appealing appearance than the comparing chrome model. Possibly black finishing provides more contrasty visual and brought out the full metal jacket of the Nikon rangefinder camera. A… Read More >>
“Saturday.” Norma touched Meg's hair, “Do you remember what happened?”
I divide my icing into how many colors I'll need, whether it's for piping or flooding. (IE...if I need red for outlining and flooding, I make one big container of red.) Then, I tint them with food coloring. If I need a color for both piping and flooding, I go ahead and fill a piping bag before adding the water for flooding. Here's a link with more details on icing prep.
Second, most entrants will advance through the rounds of the contest on the basis of votes/ratings from Gather.com members, with a small number of additional entrants selected by an entity described only as "the Gather editorial team." The prestigious judging panel--two high-level S&S staffers, the CEO of Borders, and the CEO of Gather.com--will enter the picture only at the very end, to pick the grand prize winner. In other words, we're talking a competition whose intermediate stages will be judged by non-professionals. This is a nicely democratic idea, but it may not result in selection of high-quality, commercially viable writing. The risk here, of course, isn't to contestants, but to S&S, which may discover at Grand Prize selection time that the selection ain't so great.
Beerstapo troopers search through the ship. She is Princess Leia
He reproaches the one who would swallow me up. Selah
“Do you believe in magic?”
Anyway, thank you for writing this book. It is such a clear distillation of so many years of experience, reflection, and insight that any parent of any age could benefit from reading. Thank you for sharing your wisdom with the world. However long your journey was to get this written and published, it was worth it.
There are many car rental companies who are available their services in cities of northern and central India. Such companies are offering comprehensive travel solution by rental cars. They are offering a variety of cars for traveling to various major cities and tourist destinations of northern and central India. Agra, Jaipur, Udaipur, Haridwar, Jaisalmer, Bikaner, Jodhpur, Khajuraho, Bharatpur, Ranthambore, Delhi, Vrindavan, Orchha, Gwalior, etc are prominent tourist destinations in northern and central India that attract the tourists from all over the world. These major places can be explored in most enjoyable and comfortable by a car. Various car rental companies or vehicle hire agencies can provide you cars on rent for travel and tourism purpose.
Anyway, if times have not yet changed, they may be in the process of changing.
I'm always excited to make progress on dragons. Here they be so far:
Genres : Horror, War
Otherwise, I will respond to your mail on my return.
This means that we've essentially had little to no power in half the apartment since then. It just so happens that the half that is without power is the kitchen and dining room, meaning we have no stove, fridge, microwave or my computer. It made us realize how much we are used to having power available all the time. I don't know how people live without it in more remote areas of the world.
In your real-ness you CAN make a difference beyond your classroom
It is obvious when politicians violate laws they foist on the population and we as population have little ability to apply the law to them. Law applied to the population is a mix of those caught in violation mixed with those caught as a result of political intent. Up to the point of being caught violating a law, actions continue with the specter of permission as there was none there to stop or punish the action. Having a lack of enforcement available makes it easy for those in authority to act according to their whim. The limited enforcement makes it difficult to punish law breakers through the population.
- You a printer? Printer? Have a printer? – he bombarded me with a question. English was his second language and he seemed to know mainly nouns and had no grasp of grammar serving as the glue of the verbs and nouns. I sometimes have the same problem, English being my third language.
Girl Scout 1: And would you like to donate any cookies for the troops on the front lines, sir?
In sacred sexuality, there is the absence of desire, and the fullness of life itself. The whole body-being begins to feel like a sex organ, alive and pulsing with life. Spiritual bliss replaces orgasm and it is not limited to physical contact or genital stimulation. It is a spiritual lasting state that is not conditional upon action. The spine is a conduit for life force energy that pulses energy through every cell. There are no wild multiple orgasms that make you fabulously funky, and proud of your spiritual prowess. In sacred sexuality there is a genuine merging with the One. The mind is calm, clear and fully alert, yet relaxed. The body is present, open, gentle and very strong. This is a yogic state. This is a path to the divine.
To be fair to Gladys, growing new feathers is an uncomfortable process. Spotting that her crop area looked red earlier, I grabbed her for a closer look. As soon as my hands sank in to her under feathers, I could feel the sharp quills of her new plumage poking through. Unsurprisingly, she squawked and then pooed copiously down my trouser leg. I gently returned her to terra firma. She shook herself, muttered darkly, and stalked back in to the shrubbery where she still lies like a malevolent, balding feather duster.
Each human person is made up of two essential parts, body and soul. The body we can see; the soul we can’t see. The body is material; the soul is spiritual. God dwells in the soul through grace. We call this the “Indwelling Presence,” or the “Divine Indwelling.” From time to time, each person becomes aware of the soul through an interior nudging of the Holy Spirit.
I can only hope that my children want to learn about this incredible era that brought them everything they take for granted now.- I can only hope that they develop a love for, rather than a disdain for, history. I try giving them a glimpse once in awhile. I must go about it the right way, catch them when they’re quiet and not “plugged in” to some gadget that distracts and numbs. When history is made personal, it becomes far less tedious than when someone lectures about it at the head of a classroom.
Taking a Swiss position (a neutral stance that would not lead to him being hung drawn and quartered) he said,"Well all women are attractive at some point. It's just a question of how many years they can sustain that attractivenes. For some women their bloom lasts but an hour!"
Apart from the ongoing public Sector strikes a major news story in South Africa at the moment involves white Blue Bulls Rugby player, Bees Roux, who has been arrested and charged with murdering a Black traffic policeman
classical violinist Nigel Kennedy, and the Black British
I would love to do no-till
The Lodge Bank presumably took its name from the Great Bolton Reservoir No. 1 owned by the Bolton Free Waterworks which some 170 years ago occupied the area close to the pub from what is now Rothwell Street up towards the old railway line - part of which can still be seen – and up as far as Gregson Field. In other words a ‘lodge’ with a pub near the corner of one of its banks. Later in the nineteenth century the reservoir was filled in and the Bolton-Leigh railway re-routed from Daubhill into town to run under Heywood Park and land once occupied by the reservoir.
I love this time of year….(well, except for the allergies it triggers!)….everything seems so full of new life, the trees are budding, the flowers are blooming, the birds are singing and doing other unmentionable things, my energy is soaring, and my attitude is one of gratitude and hope! Anything and everything seems possible, and I typically find myself wanting to try new things! As nature is renewing I feel the desire to do the same….
then someone kills your best friend
Therefore, whatever Jesus’ words “woman, what have you to do with me . . . ” may mean, they do not imply a negative relationship between Jesus and Mary. Now let us consider the positive significance that the title “woman” has for Mary in light of the opening two chapters in John’s Gospel.
You can geotarget your posts, as well, either by state or down to the city. It's an option in the drop down box under public. You can get a huge increase in fans when you do a promotion. How do you keep them engaged after that ends until the next one comes around?
Me x
Let's imagine for a moment that the anti-monarchists got their way, the Queen were stripped of her crown, and we were asked to pick a president. What sort of person would we want to vote for, if we were completely free to choose? First of all, we'd want someone who is popular not only at home but abroad. We'd want someone who could be relied on to act with grace, dignity, elegance and tact. We'd want someone who would rise above the childish, bickering scramble of politics. We'd want someone who would perform their duties untiringly and uncomplainingly. And we'd want someone who could be guaranteed never to bring the nation into disrepute. It's hard to think of candidates who would fulfil all those criteria. But one does spring to mind. This is where anti-monarchism hits a snag. Because if the people of Britain were free to vote for anyone to be their head of state, the candidate they'd choose would surely be … the Queen.
In addition to the outfits they wore on the show, new hair and makeup (for Brenda!) my makeover winners each went on a separate shopping spree with me which included clothing, shoes and accessories from Reitman's and Laura (for her), A/X Armani Exchange, HS Henry Singer, Mexx (for him) and Rockport, makeup and skincare from Murale and hair products Rain Salon & Spa. We had a blast shopping together and burned a ton of calories in the process ; ).
No, wait! I'll show you!!!
I feel that until TM stabilises their Unifi service quality, clients who face such problems should be given rebates.
Protein from animal sources, such as meat and milk, is called complete, because it contains all nine of the essential amino acids. Most vegetable protein is considered incomplete because it lacks one or more of the essential amino acids. This can be a concern for someone who doesn’t eat meat or milk products. But people who eat a vegetarian diet can still get all their essential amino acids by eating a wide variety of protein-rich vegetable foods.
Go on and fall into the arms of Jesus…
The restaurant has more of a modern, hip look and the curved booths are very comfortable. It has a different ambiance than Dali, but still is appealing. Much of their food menu is similar to Dali, with plenty of tapas, but they offer some different dishes as well. In addition, they are open for lunch, and serve bocadillos, sandwiches, for lunch. Tapa prices generally range from $5-$10. Their wine list has plenty of Spanish options, and they serve authentic Sherry as well. Plus, you will find a variety of cocktails, beers and Sangria.
you. Reptiles are exalted by your presence. You willingly herd the
The company reported net losses of $48.0 million in 2010 and $115.5 million in 2011
* Most police forces run programs that let you borrow an UV or ceramic marker, and you can buy them at most DIY stores. However, in some cases, chemicals can be used to remove invisible marking, and as it fades quickly, you should remember to regularly update your markings.
Here are the Design Team's amazing cards for your inspiration
There is no other place to visit better than Zermatt to experience the beauty of the country. The snow capped mountains never run out of snow throughout the year. The freezing weather ensures that the mountains are covered with snow throughout the year. A little village at the foot of the mighty Matterhorn, one of the most photographed mountains in the world, Zermatt draws hardcore adventure enthusiasts throughout the year. There are a few vehicles there that keeps the sky and the air clean and healthy. If you’re ever there, never miss a ride on the Glacier Express which starts at Zermatt.
+ what are you planting & growing in your garden? please share!
I don't know jack shit about computers, which is why I'm on AOL, but AOHell irritates me. I think the reason that they have everything in blue is that blue is supposed to be soothing. Fat lot of good that is, when you're wanting to bang your head on a wall because you can't figure anything out.
The problem with charter schools is that they simply don’t work, at least not for delivering high quality education. Of course, given their formula, how could they? The most thorough research on charter schools, by Stanford University, shows that while charters do better than public schools in 17% of cases, they actually do worse in 37%, a more than 2-to-1 bad-to-good ratio!
Homeboy Sandman's new extended play that features production from names like J57 and Exile is in fact out now, and he's decided to let you know by dropping this jewel, that has me hyped for the release!
Note: you may use any stamps of your choice in our challenge entries. Of course, we love to see what you create using Waltzingmouse Stamps images, but they are not required to play.
Bizarrely, the $2 billion paid to the Afghanis is roughly equivalent to the amount the UK pays India, allowing suggestions that we are paying for our own suicide. India's foreign policy interests and objectives are not ours, yet we are in effect paying to promote them.
Deb Wain is a poet, short story writer, freelance writer and marriage celebrant, with a passion for our environment.
Equipment – Saved for last, since these are the items that compete with trade skills.
That's a ratio of 10,534 to 1.
I'm really glad it was a cold morning, as it convinced me to wear 2 singlets, a tshirt, as well as a long-sleeved tee. I also packed my raincoat, just in case. Beautiful weather, blue skies, sunny with a few clouds here and there... until we got to the last bit of climb. You can see how wonderful our view is. A whole lot of cloud, which was so so cold. This sign, proclaiming 'Glorious View' I didn't even read. Past the trees, nothing but white.
3. When the chicken is thoroughly cooked, serve immediately on a bed of crispy salad.
and the horrors
So far all of the dates I planned have been a hit! I may need a few back-up date ideas though! David is starting to steal my ideas without even knowing it and leaving me without a date for the month of June! Anyone have any fun date ideas up their sleeve? Please share!!!
YES Window and/or door replacement/repair
Her second diagnoses was 2 years later. I was pregnant with my last child. She had a mastectomy to remove one breast and the lymph nodes.
You may not feel you are in the “place” to think or accept God, but with that topic… that would be cool to talk in you in person.
Jack Ross / Ancestral Voices (part one) / 139
I have to admit that on this issue, I’m a hypocrite. Do I think it’s a bad idea to text or talk while driving? Yes. Do I do both? Yes. But whether you agree or disagree with banning cell phones in cars is not what I want to talk about. I want to talk about why in all heck do we have yet another law on the same issue?
We are already feeling the same way
* I've baked two loaves of our favorite bread today. Mmmmm - Oatmeal Bread.
The next 2 turns saw Mike reel from the mauling he just suffered, loosing both Rune Priests in turn 1 was a massive blow to him. He drew his army back from my Terminators and bunkered down snipping away with Long Fangs to wear my army down, whilst I advanced into the middle of the board and blasted back at him nailing his Razorbacks and a Long Fang squad in cover.
9-11 was horrible but this story is just as bad. John Wells, who works for CIA is sent to Afghanistan to infiltrate the enemy. His skin color and his knowledge of the koran and able to speak their language help him fit in with the army. No one believes him and he won’t trust anyone.
But my heart beat hasn’t settled back to a steady rhythm. Here comes the pivotal point of my day. It enables me to write off the cruel pain in my stomach as hunger pain, and the price I must endure if I want to get what I need. It is what has kept me from dashing to the store and buying every item I can afford. The potential of it has absolved me of poorly done homework and scant revision. What I weigh.
So Liberals have no trouble stepping into a fight even as we realize that we might be end up being played for chumps for leading with our hearts.
On other news, I have been going to Bhangra classes and this week went to a Zumba class. I have also recently discovered Pinterest (yes, I know I’m a bit behind), which is serving me well as far as a procrastination station goes. And there’s only one week left of classes! The graduates are frantically pulling together their Keystone projects and presentations, which I look forward to seeing next week. All ending with commencement!
Those who believe that they can guide Lebanon into one direction that will not tutor collective national interests are destined to failure.
The main building of Lund Hospital, built in 1968. It is both impressive and ugly.
Of the nearly RM500,000 disbursed so far, most cases involve the “topping up” of the amount students had already received from PTPTN, Mara and private sources.
They were delightful to eat. I took them to a friend’s for Easter dinner and they loved them, even the 9 year old! I remember being a kid and not liking sweet bread with fruits in it. I think every culture has a version of this idea. In Greece it’s called a Tsoureki, in Italy a Panetone, I believe Mexico’s Day of the Dead bread, Pan de Muertos is a sweet bread too. Check out Wikipedia on Hot Cross Buns it’s an interesting read. In fact when I read this part “If hung in the kitchen, they are said to protect against fires and ensure that all breads turn out perfectly. The hanging bun is replaced each year.“ I realized I might just have to hang one in the kitchen! Hmmmm, I wonder how Jason would feel about that? And the dogs?! They would probably be jumping for it….nevermind….I’ll just eat them.
In States like Arizona and Kansas the Republican legislature moved to ban birth control outright;The Tea Party sponsored Govenor of Virginia tried to make the vaginal probe law and then later tried to unsuccessfully deny it; the Republicans openly try to deny aide to single moms, who are not receiving child support from dead beat dads, and then use the argument,”If they cannot afford to have children then they shouldn’t have them,” and the list goes so much further; how can any rational human being doubt that the Republicans are not the Party who favor women? Also after the Republican Party tries to deny women both birth control and the majority of Republicans vote against a fair wage with equal pay so that women have an ability to raise their family and rise up above poverty, do any of us even need to deny that women are under attack by the Republican Party?
and oh boy how we been raped by the illusions of equalities,freedoms or crazy democracy ?
There were lots of hours spent hauling things up two flights of stairs this weekend. I'm a little tired, and so is Jimmy.
Red kidney beans are indeed a very healthy and nutritious food one can consume and in India they come at a reasonable price atleast when being compared to other legumes. They are a very good source of cholesterol-lowering fiber, as are most other beans. In addition to lowering cholesterol, kidney beans' high fiber content prevents blood sugar levels from rising too rapidly after a meal, making these beans an especially good choice for individuals with diabetes, insulin resistance or hypoglycemia. When combined with whole grains such as rice, kidney beans provide virtually fat-free high quality protein. So, If you're wondering how to replace red meat in your menus, become a fan of kidney beans. And unlike meat, beans are naturally low in fat and cholesterol-free and are also a good source of iron.
...both excellent reasons for hunkering down with a big bowl of something delicious. We got one yesterday (our first actual snow since the freak storm on Halloween, and it's January!) and the other begins this afternoon. Unlike most of our neighbors we are not morning the downfall of the J.E.T.S. Jets Jets Jets! but gloating in the glory of the Bradylicious Patriots. Oh and suck it, Eli. I was slightly tempted to paint that on a flag and hang it from our front porch, but that may not make us popular with the rest of the neighbors. Anywho, back to the food.
FB: Delicious!
I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where.
For example, she used a small plastic fishing tackle box to corral all her earnings, by color type!
Meaning that unless we purchase something literally the day before or day of a holiday/event, we will cave in and give presents early.
Boy did we ever! We visited both a grilled cheese and mac and cheese stand, had toasted marshmallow milkshakes at Stand, tried a really yummy Italian sub and some outstanding gelato at Eataly, ate pizza at Lombardi’s. And even ventured over to a Greek restaurant which was phenomenal! The donuts at Donut Plant were life changing and I’m not sure I can ever eat at a Dunkin Donuts again. After three separate attempts, we finally got a table at Serendipity 3 and the Frozen Hot Chocolate was what I had always imagined it would taste like. Of course if there was a cupcake place nearby, we had to try a couple. You know, for the sake of research. We hit up Magnolia a couple of times and tried a place called The Little Cupcake Shop. We didn’t have a bad meal/snack/sweet the entire time we were there.
Weekends at the beach o barbecues with friends……lots of parties and concerts going on, together with plenty of sports and outdoor activities.
“You could compare it to the late 1960s when The Kinks, The Who, The Beatles, The Stones and David Bowie would meet up in clubs in Soho and people would do random collaborations and swap each other’s girlfriends,” he muses. “We’ve got a similar thing where me, Wretch, Chase & Status, Benga, Skream – we’ve all worked with each other, and we all support each other, especially on Twitter. This is the most important British music movement since punk. Even during Britpop, the only good bands were Oasis and Blur, and everybody slated each other. And for the first time, the US is looking towards us for producers and ideas.”
I did make a few changes in order to save calories. The nutritional info below does NOT reflect my changes, so the calories and fat are actually less than noted. I used fat free half-and-half instead of the full fat version like the recipe states. I also used skim milk instead of the 1% noted in the recipe.
Quiet brew technology
"Every woman deserves to feel beautiful". I saw that sentiment expressed on FB and in general media, and I kind of hate it. Because what they mean to say, I think, is that "every woman deserves to feel worthy". It's just that we only allow women to have one kind of worth, and this is the limiting part, not the narrow beauty ideal. (NB: One deeply problematic area of narrow beauty ideal is its whiteness that has spread way too much due to the Western cultural imperialism.)
Wow! What an incentive to get back on the dating scene!
I don't know why this record (UK edition) did not immediately resonate with me when I first heard it in Jim's room that Year Zero summer- too dole-queue English in outlook? Too harsh and trebly? Not enough hooks? Was it Joe Strummer's one-dimensional croak? Or a message I just wasn't ready to hear? It’s difficult to say. As a more-typical-than-I'd-hoped-to-be 19 year-old barely coping in the Teenage Wasteland of suburban Philadelphia, I certainly had enough distractions to keep my increasingly short attention span occupied. In any event, after several spins of Jim's copy (apparently it worked for him), I decided to give a pass on The Clash. But when CBS released a re-sequenced domestic version two years later (replacing four original songs with seven non-lp single tracks), I bought it (in tandem with Give 'Em Enough Rope), and suddenly everything clicked. THIS was MY music.
Bill Brief and terse response.
Three FAMU band members were arrested in the Oct. 31 beating of a female band member whose thigh broken.
I don't wanna talk like you
Winnie is taking her stuffies for an outing. Apparently even they needed to get out and get some air.
Unfortunately it’s a small photo and it’s nearly impossible to see all the different lines of color, but the majority of the tartan alternates between plum and a forest green. I’m sooo curious to see how the colors look in person!
Then came the much dreaded editorial letter. While I waited for my letter I heard all the stories about sixteen page letters, asking for everything to be changed except the kitchen sink (which appears only once at the bottom of page 137, in a paragraph that is going to get cut anyway.) When the letter came, I stared at it for half an hour before getting the nerve up to open it. I read through it. Something was missing. Where was the awful part? Where was the hard part that demanded I totally rewrite the entire thing? I had expected a moment of “this is too big, I can’t do it” panic. Instead, it all looked easy, and logical, and I was saying “Of course, that’s exactly what I want to do! Perfect! I couldn’t agree more!”
The challenge over at Digital Tuesday this week is Bugs and Blooms. It was Maria's turn to choose the challenge and she wants to see bugs and/or blooms.
I will write prose with flare and speak
What if the rain continued?
So here's the proper way to make a negroni..
Devon was present and accounted for during the birth of his daughter. But then something came up that was important than bonding with that precious bundle of joy. Something like, you know, playing basketball with his friends. Priorities.
Please don't cry, Father's love
Poor Babymouse; loves music but her playing is so awful that a bird falls out of a tree. Babymouse tries; she practices; and she loves what she is doing. Once again, an enjoyable story that reflects the readers lives.
You always did attract the admiring looks, Electra. Quite the centre of attention.
Or will we? I heard on the radio today that the Democrats and Republicans are fighting over the issue in a way I didn't expect. The Republicans want all the tax cuts, including the ones on the richest 2% of Americans, extended (after all, if you're making $8 million a year, your time is too valuable to look for all the tax loopholes designed for the rich. It's much easier to get your taxes off up front without having to come up with a charity donation or local investment to write off). The Democrats don't want those tax cuts extended--but they do want to keep the rest of the Bush tax cuts, the ones that protect "middle class Americans" who earn $200,000 per year.
Dies: Spellbinders (oval, scalloped oval, & deckled oval)
There are a lot of different kinds of love.
I decorated the inside of the card also, this is the last photo. For the necessary bling I used Stickels Stardust and Black Diamond.
Sure, I'm a fan of facebook and twitter, and obviously I use Blogger, but really I'm not sure if I can handle much more. I'm a writer because I want to write fiction, not because I want to be soliciting myself on numerous sites, trying to build up a name so people will recognise me and hopefully go on to buy my books.
Earlier in April, a former defense minister was jailed pending trial on money laundering and bribery charges.
No one knew what they wanted, but it turned out they wanted what every other schmoe washing up on the land of liberty wanted: the chance to make something for themselves. Well, we couldn’t deny ‘em that. Back then we didn’t have the quotas in place.
her lips parting
What are other sources of GMOs?
I love traditional costumes especially Korean traditional dresses (Hanbok in Korean). I bought Gwen her first Hanbok when she was 18 months old from a Mummy who resides in Sabah.
Third, find out if their site has a CFA (Shopper Fund Affiliation) close up or if they are basically people. CFA gathers and maintains information about consumers’ and businesses’ credit rating habits. Like this, people are protected from being took advantage of by scam payday loan lenders.
Teal will be Bachelorette Partyin’ it up! See how that warrants a recovery weekend from the weekend?
Just the highlights- she confirmed my suspicion that these things are all entwined :). My back pain is because of supporting everyone else and not feeling supported OR making it a priority to put myself first and support myself. My back, quite literally, can't take it!!
I used my cricut to cut out the mats andpainted the frame with a metalic paint. I love it!
When Caleb was first diagnosed, she turned to blogging to cope with his illness, post updates about his condition, share family photos, and fun moments with him. In his death, she began writing the blog posts as open letters to her son.
“Aaah… f, faster c, chunnie… Aaah there… trust there…”
Why buy a coloring book when your kid is probably only going to mark up a few pages and then get sick of it? Print out pages one by one, and don't waste paper :)
The tragic thing is that the problem has become so bad that the culture ministry has decided to rebury recently discovered sites of historic importance, including an early Christian basilica at Thessalonica. Michalis Tiverios, professor of archaeology at the local university, said of this “Mother Earth is the best protector of our antiquities. Let us leave our antiquities in the soil, to be found by archaeologists in 10,000AD when Greeks will perhaps show more respect for their history.”
Anyway I probably got more rakeback on that battle than I lost, you fishy fish.
Noah, Mrs. Noah and Baby Rainbow
And Eleanore, who feels like she needs to use her baby voice whenever shes talking to her almost-two-year-old little sister, likes to play copycat and join in. Especially when she catches me gushing over how adorable whatever it is, is. And even though it sometimes annoys me that she does things like that for attention, its still pretty adorable to see sisters, side by side, ooh'ing and aaah'ing over the morning flock of hungry boodees, and all things nature like. Fine fine, use your baby voice until your whine turns into a whisper for all I care, just so long as nobody is fighting or crying- be precious all morning.
“The picture is wrong. I was stunned when I saw BG perry lim picture and I thought he resigned. Then I realised is another guy.” – 2359 hrs
here are a few that we added this week:
My kids always loved the pool when they were growing up. There were kids swimming every day. Sometimes now I actually don't get our money's worth out of it, because no one hardly swims anymore. Personally I don't think I'd get another one , but if you have one enjoy, remember how hot the summer was last year?
Following in the footsteps of the last two ‘decade dances’, this episode contained more jaw dropping moments than your regular old TVD episode. The episode started off innocently enough: with dark-side Alaric trying to brush off Damon’s phone calls, still following the lead of Esther (disguised as Rebecca). As Rebekah, Esther convinced Klaus that he should go to the Decade Dance and make a last ditch effort to get Caroline to come away with him. This is, needless to say, a trap of epic proportions. But, more on that later.
Will I ever get to the bottom of who I am? I hope not. We are unlimited beings that are expanding who we are through our every experience and even those experiences that feel less than positive serve their purpose, especially when we become aware of a wall. We can either break it down or build a bridge to a better place.
They go into the army - all these children of ours and we know they don't all come out. It is the most terrifying of thoughts that plague us all year and cripple us on this day. It is all of us – standing there on one side of this little divider every year – there on that side up in front, the bereaved families, and here behind them and that little dividing wall the city put up to give them their space. We stand supporting them, remembering the boy we also knew just a little. We watch his mother walk up the steps and light the memorial flame and are amazed that she can put one foot in front of the other; that she doesn't cry out, but as she comes down the steps, there is a break and quietly, she raises her hand and wipes her eyes.
Bear Republic Racer 5
- STRONG RELATIONSHIPS WITH COMMUNITY GROUPS: ‘allowing’ the displaced Dale Farm residents to stay on the private road leading to their former home in unsanitary and cramped condition, cutting the electricity supply.
Peace be with you.
Automated Patent Portfolio Analysis and Categorization by
“Refurbishment of the airport has been ongoing in a piecemeal fashion in order to tackle the most urgently required minor changes,” he said. “But, I’m pleased to say that CIAA is finally poised to embark on the bulk of planned changes which have been in the pipeline since 2007. They will allow newer and bigger jets to fly into Grand Cayman, spurring air passenger growth from the current 950,000 annually to a projected 1.25 million a year.”
Childrens:
They also compete in triathlons with Rick sitting in a boat for the swim portion, Dick pulls him in a boat with a rope attached to his body. For the cycle portion of the triathlon, Rick rides on the front of a specially designed tandem bike. Then he pushes Rick for the run.
I used to be really into tarot. I loved reading about them and their meanings and how all of the cards connected into a bigger story. Out of all of the cards, one resonated with me more than the others. And that was the Death card.
You can add another layer of stenciled pastels in a different color, airbrush on top of it, stamp--really you can do any combination you can think of. So cool.
“The Limit depicts a frighteningly familiar world with an unsettling twist . . . will keep readers guessing all the way to the end as they cheer on Matt’s ingenuity and his relentless search for answers.”
Him: Yeah...?
What do they base their prejudice on? An interpretation of a book written by ignorant human beings in ancient times…written to control and oppress other people who are different from them. Hopefully these unreasonable, religious nutjobs won’t start taking the book of Leviticus literally and start stoning people for adultry and homosexuality or killing smart-mouthed children like their “perfect word of god” says to do throughout much of the Old Testament.
HEAVEN IS NOT SOME IMAGINARY DREAMLAND OR MERELY A STATE OF BEING OR CONSCIOUSNESS!–The God who created this wonderful Earth & the beautiful universe in which we live is a real, down-to-earth God who has also created a real down-to-earth Place for all His children to live with Him forever!–Heaven!
with toothpick
and a grist of bees.
It must be the time of year here. We now have had 2 elderly males commit suicide in the last month, both from handguns. Today's was a graphic scene (the squeamish should skip reading this paragraph because it will get detailed.) on the rear patio of the decease's house. Our deceased called his wife, who was golfing, and stated there was a family emergency at home and she needed to return. After telling his wife to come home he proceeded to call 911 and tell the my co-worker that there was a suicide at the residence and no one was in danger because it happened on the back patio and then hung up. My co-worker proceeded to call the number back while their partner got the officers/ems/fire on the way to the scene. There was no answer when they called the number back and one of the officers advised over the radio that "there was a loud bang" in the area about 3 minutes ago (this was prior to the call and arrival between the call back). The deceased had shot himself right to left in the side of the head with a .357 with the house phone sitting on the table next to him. I have seen my share of crime scene photos and walked through an accident scene to see my classmate's gray matter splattered on the roadway, but never have I seen the entrance wound bigger than the exit wound from a firearm. The deceased's gray matter had fallen out of the entrance wound and was laying on the ground to his right (he really lost his mind). He of course left a suicide note about how he was in debt and had taken a life insurance policy out on himself, it is unsure if he did it trying to better his wife with the extra money to pay the bills or if it was just to dodge the bills and leave it for someone else. A very selfish action no matter the planning in my opinion.
I remember worrying about accidentally shaking someone’s hand using both hands during a job interview in America, since it is a sign of politeness and respect to do so in Korea and I had done it for so long. While I might still hand something over using both hands, I realized practice makes perfect. And honestly, I’d rather be too polite than not polite at all. Thank you for that, Korea.
This book is ideal for Toddlers and Preschoolers. It begins with an informative introduction and ends with simplified definitions to the Seven Principles of Kwanzaa (including a guide for pronunciation). Here, in this spectacularly illustrated book, a young boy celebrates his first Kwanzaa and discovers something valuable about his heritage.8. Fasting and Dates: A Ramadan and Eid-ul-Fitr Story
“We worked through Spring and Winter, through Summer and through Fall
I opened the Mail, they gave Gareth 8 out of 10 for his performance and the Observer was similarly complementary.
1. Success in general may be built on failure:
It is all horrendous.
Yeah, Friday nights here
Give Rose rose-seller a run for her money
Anyways, that do rag was well past greased and worn, and then eventually it wore out.
Building Manager $24,000.00
A lot to think about, I know, but without reading your query and knowing your book I'm afraid I don't have any specific answers.
THANK YOU FOR VISITING. ENJOY YOUR DAY!
It works perfectly, she said. Perfectly. She patted her belly, brown and sleek. One day, she said, our sons will have a sister, and this loom will be hers, and her daughter’s too.
April 26 – May 13, 2012
Wow! What a Weekend!
so old-fashioned
We may not see how with our eyes…
De La Soul Three is the magic number US
Glon Ronald
Let me give you an example. I try and keep Twitter on in the background during my day, but I’m working at my day job, so watching and responding to my Tori MacAllister account isn’t usually feasible. If I’m retweeted or add a follower, Twitter etiquette would have me thank that person for either action, preferably as soon as possible. Enter ifttt.
On Thursday, 10 February 2011, the “Blue Peace” report was officially presented by Swiss President Micheline Calmy-Rey. The document assesses the principal challenges linked to the trans-border management of resources. At present a factor of division and tension, water harbours the potential of becoming an instrument of peace and cooperation. This emerges as the report’s central thesis. Subsequently, it compiles a list of ten recommendations, calculated in the short, medium, and long terms, which are aimed to lead to pragmatic solutions.
Buck McKeon chairs the House Armed Services Committee. He was in California recently talking to a group of Northrop Grumman workers and he said "I implore you, no, I beg you, to stop" cuts in military spending from happening.
SCHLESSINGER: I don't think that's racist. No, I think that --
So while I am happy that my child learned an important lesson -- it broke my heart that he had to feel that horrific fear, even for a few moments.
1/4 pound thinly sliced baked ham, preferably Virginia or Black Forest
This is a weird way to start a blog.... A friend of mine is Out In Africa at the moment and his only comms mode is via a blog he started (but has yet fill with anything meaningful *snigger*). To post a comment you need to sign up for blogger, so before I knew it, I have a blog.
upon the the searching wind
Peanut Butter S’mores
"What makes people smart, curious, alert, observant, competent, confident, resourceful, persistent - in the broadest and best sense, intelligent - is not having access to more and more learning places, resources, and specialists, but being able in their lives to do a wide variety of interesting things that matter, things that challenge their ingenuity, skill, and judgement, and that make an obvious difference in their lives and the lives of people around them."
The outstanding student loan balance now stands at about $870 billion,1 surpassing the total credit card balance ($693 billion) and the total auto loan balance ($730 billion). With college enrollments increasing and the costs of attendance rising, this balance is expected to continue its upward trend.
As we are wrapping up the phone conversation, the rep says, "OK, so one final thing. Just wanted to make sure you were aware of our Gathering Policy." I reply with no and she says that ONLY the six guests who are registered to the room are allowed to go up to it. That you need to sign in and have key cards and there is a security guy and the works. And the room can have a maximum of six people staying in it.
Menifee.... I do love where I live. It may not be the beautiful countryside or the 100 degree weather... It has to be the people. I love all of the friends we have made. We have now lived here for 6 years and the people we have met have become like family. My kids are growing up with some wonderful friends. I'm grateful to all of their good parents who have their priorities where they need to be. The gospel comes first and they know how to truly Choose the Right.
Always going to be an uphill battle,
My older boys love pepperoni pizza. It doesn’t take much pepperoni to satisfy them, just a few spicy pieces on each slice. So using that logic, I created these flavorful English Muffin Pizzas.
- Works with all PlayStation 3 models
What did make a difference was the decision for NATO to engage in what it has termed its first “emergency humanitarian intervention”, dropping 1,372 bombs containing 295,700 cluster sub-munitions over 78 days. Their published aim: ‘Serbs out, peacekeepers in, refugees back’.
But with the new machine, I kept needing to stop and look things up in the instruction book -- things as simple as how to change the needle position, etc. It was slow going and quite annoying at times, but I'm getting there. For this pillow I figured out the cording, the zipper foot, and the general lay of the machine. Next up will be the buttonholer and the walking foot. Sounds like more pillowfying in my future!!
because the sleeper charged with violent roar.
Back to vegetables. I have many new readers to the blog, and I thought it would be helpful to re-visit roasted vegetables because they provide a really good solution to that never-ending diet question:
According to a recent ComScore Inc. study, Canadians rank #1 for time spent on the internet – with the average Canadian sitting in front of their laptop or tablet for almost 2 full days a month (the study notes that this number does not include access to pornographic sites). It is no wonder that digital advertising spending targeted toward Canadians surpassing $2.5-billion in 2011, according to the Globe & Mail. We have seen this first hand at Active Canada – with the majority of our clients increasingly leveraging their Trade Credits with us for more digital media buys. On the flipside, another eMarketer study indicates that Canadians could be on the verge of losing our social media crown due to a predicted upswing in US usage this year. So the 2.5-billion dollar question is…. why are Canadians spending so much time online? And how exactly do we manage internet connections through these igloos?
The countries of the euro zone breached the deficit limit (3% of GDP) and debt limit (60%) established by the Maastricht Treaty on 137 occasions between 2000 and 2010, according to Eurostat. Germany, the country that now stands as a champion of fiscal discipline, and France exceeded these limits 14 times each, while Spain and Ireland, did so only 4 to 5 times respectively – and never before the recent crisis. The best students were Finland, Luxembourg and Estonia which always complied with the rules.
* Spirituality and the Environment
“The drugs expire by the middle of next year, and it would be criminal if we can’t use them because of these problems,” Mr. Parsons said. “They’ve got quite a short shelf life.”
midland road, san diego
Sarawak suffered its first death from H1N1. Dengue infections n Sarawak continued to surge upwards.
One of my best purchases-- I bought this before Sarina was even 2 years old, and it's still going strong. What's so great about this train table is that it's all built in-- there are no little parts to lose. It's molded plastic, so you don't have to worry about it falling apart. It's very durable, and good for playdates for both boys and girls. You can use Thomas or other trains in it, as well.
With all of the bad weather we were expected to get this past weekend and tornado season just around the corner I took the time to create a "survival kit" for us to keep in the basement. I know the kit wouldn't really save us if a catastropic situation arose but I'd like to think it'd help out in an emergency situation. I personally do not believe in the whole the world is ending crap (see the article on Apocalypse if needed) but I do believe that you should be prepared for emergency situations at all times. Ether it be a terrorist attack, a snow storm or a tornado it's something to be considered. So here's a list of SOME of the things I had time to throw together, I have more things I'd like to add just don't have all of them quite yet, and I'm gonna need another tote!
And dances with the daffodils.
I already found one block turned wrong. I don’t know what I would do without my camera to check things out.
The important lesson to take away from both of the above stories is that our rights, even the most seemingly basic of them, were not given to us freely from above. We had to take them. Whether it was through protests, strikes, legal battles or even street brawls, our grandparents and great grandparents had to forcefully wrest control of their own destinies from the hands of the bankers and the industrial monopolies of the time.
oatmeal mask
I'll never forget about Number 1 or Number 3, both of whom never made it into this world but who were very much wanted, loved and mourned.
I have been thrown into another tailspin of introspection. As this new year starts I feel a falling off of old things and old ways and it has caused me to be a little sad. I know that I should never look back. I should always be looking forward and encouraged by what is coming instead of looking back and basically becoming Lot's wife; turning into a pillar of salt that is forever sealed in the backwards looking position, never to move from that spot again.
Part of me really really wishes that the lyrics were known to the online world. They would add another layer to emotions that music is trying to express. Regardless, enjoy this release from a fairly unknown project that almost slipped past my gaze.
But it’s usually me that eats the last third (or even half) of the cake after Christmas, with the consequently disastrous effects on the waistline and the New Year good intentions to do something about it.
Duran gives a chance for Gwen’s character to grow and change in the ways which were needed and Wicked Becomes You is that journey.
A new New York Times/CBS News poll shows that more Americans than ever want the U.S. to end its involvement in Afghanistan, with 69 percent now saying the U.S. shouldn’t be fighting there. That’s a huge jump from just four months ago, when 53 percent said it was time to go.
1/2 cup of mayonnaise (light is fine, I don't recommend fat free)
Devils Elixir - Raymond Khoury
for that one good thrift shop
Ingredients for this card are:
Absolutely staggering!
6. Be clear and concise. If you have a branded look with colors and graphics, go ahead and put it on the card if you’re going to be consistent about it. Otherwise, a white background is fine. Making your card neon will not make you stand out, it will hurt my eyes. And that’s all I’ll remember about that card. Do not use a font you think is pretty, but I have to strain to read. I won’t strain, I’ll just put it down. Times New Roman is ol’ faithful.
Emma Townsend has always believed in stories—the ones she reads voraciously, and the ones she creates in her head. Perhaps it’s because she feels like an outsider at her exclusive prep school, or because her stepmother doesn’t come close to filling the void left by her mother’s death. And her only romantic prospect—apart from a crush on her English teacher—is Gray Newman, a long-time friend who just adds to Emma’s confusion. But escape soon arrives in an old leather-bound copy of Jane Eyre…
While HFA does not require affordable units to be specific sizes, it does require that each affordable apartment type on average be no more than 20% smaller than the market counterparts.
20-8074681
Mom loves all her children, and is sure they'll go on to do great things, even the little ne'er-do-well who just can't seem to keep up with the others. And don't try to tell her any differently.
Haris Ibrahim in his blog The People’s Parliament labeled this SD as “the mother of all bombshells”. Indeed so for if what RPK has declared can be backed up, it means Datin Seri Rosmah, Aziz and Norhayati are all accessories after the fact, if not before the fact. That means murder punishable by death. It also means the PM and his SIL are both guilty of covering up a heinous crime and this calls for stiff jail time. As for the Ruler, I suppose he can always say that he is waiting to see if the others will do the right thing.
Now, I tend toward hyperbole, but I don't believe that I am overstating this, at least not with my usual intention. There are enough pieces of the puzzle that I feel pretty sure I can see what the finished picture will be, and I am deeply alarmed by the rapid takeovers that the BO administration has accomplished in such a short time. BO and his followers (his partners in high crimes and misdemeanors) have, in a variety of ways, clearly stated that they intend to destroy our capitalist system and replace it with a socialist one--they've said this, sometimes in those exact words. On the one hand, I don't believe a word that BO utters, but this . . . this, I believe. And I think this is why everything else he says is a lie; he knows that if he (or anyone) proposed essentially destroying America as a constitutional republic and replacing it with his vision, he would be (rightly) tagged a wingnut radical, that we would never agree to such a thing. But our consent is not required, nor sought.
Below is a photo of Sybil and her mother clowning around in my mother's dining room at one of the many get togethers we enjoyed growing up together.
Critical Mass is still going, we are still having parking meter parties, and people and organizations have stepped up to work for improved transportation options to get us beyond car-ownership (TLC, TUG, RTH for example) and DIVA is still there to cover the grassroots actions that the local mainstream media ignore.
Reader Gut Reaction: One of the things I liked about Fever Crumb was that it had an appealingly steampunk sensibility without really being steampunk—in fact, it takes place far in the future, not in an alternate Victorian past, and so, too, does Mortal Engines. (And, uh, so too does my WIP.) While the premise is just a tiny bit farfetched, I was willing to indulge in the fantastical setting because it was just too cool: in this future time, the world is a post-apocalyptic wasteland, and in order to acquire the resources to keep running, cities have gone mobile. And not just mobile, but carnivorous. Large traction cities like London, where Tom Natsworthy the lowly apprentice lives, roam about the wastelands on colossal treads in search of smaller, feebler cities to capture and dismantle for their raw materials.
1 And the sons of the prophets said unto Elisha, Behold now, the place where we dwell with thee is too strait for us.
Factors in making someone a liberal include years of education and openness to experience. Yes, that is correct, the more years you spend educating yourself, the more liberal you get. That’s because you get smarter about how the world really works. As you get smarter, you get more liberal. Well of course.
my bloggie. Currently busy theming.
Clearly wind t. noise is a threat to society and communities everywhere. Nobody wants to see a bunch of unstable hysterical people running around a wind farm in an argumentative emotional mood being nauseous.
I’m still not huge, which I’m ok with but I am getting bigger. Getting out of bed at night can be pretty funny at night. I almost always wake up The Man and get a sleepy “What’s wrong?” I always answer nothing, I have to pee but one day he may be in for a surprise. I wonder if I should do a practice run? It would be fun to see how he reacts!
We hope you join us for another challenge this week. To learn more and be inspired by today's projects from the design team, visit the La La Land Crafts blog! Can't wait to see what you create! ❤
are two common versions of this. There is some thinking that the saboteur voice is a psychological lifeguard. We are kept safe by some aspect of ourselves that has become deep rooted: When we are scolded as a child not to run into the busy road we internalise this over time to prevent the very real risk of injury in this situation. When we translate this into a message of anti-risk taking in general it is easy to see how it could become a limiting factor in life and work - holding us back form taking the risks that might lead us into new exhilirating experiences. This very simplistic example does highlight the very human habit of setting up rules - or boundaries - in our lives and although these for sure serve to offer some necessary structure, like all structures they can become set in stone if we inadvertently allow this.
All the items that were sent to me from Beth Devine Designs would be perfect as a bridesmaid's gift! Can you imagine all of your bridesmaids wearing this delicate and amazing necklace and bracelet?
in all its glory
so with no time to think it through we went for the obvious
You can shoot five Bin Ladens, you can save 10,000 banks and 20 car companies, even pass the most sweeping legislation in modern American history; if people don’t think that you are connected to their lives and are fighting for their interests they will vote your tush out of office in a nano-second. For historical reference see Winston Churchill election of 1945 and President George H.W. Bush in 1992.
Maralena Howard Encaustic is very interesting. I really like the rich coated way the finished pieces look. Right now I do some faux encaustics with acrylics rather than the wax… but I so admire the actual art of encaustic.
If you have been able to free yourself to achieve without becoming relentlessly driven, let us know how you succeeded in the comments. Have you noticed a difference in yourself or your work when you operated from a state of harmonious versus obsessive passion?
Kevin Nash and Sting are up next.
I have been thinking and thinking of what my conditions would be and do you know what I dont have any. You see I dont normally like it when people offer Candy but they make you become a follower, I would prefer if people followed me because they like what they see not because they are forced to, does that make sense! However in saying that I would perhaps like this to get out a bit so I am going to leave it up to you as to whether or not you would like to post a pic in your sidebar or not or you may want to do a quick post letting your current followers know that I have some candy. I will not be offended if you do not.
"He who is unaware of his ignorance," writes Richard Whately, "will only be misled by his knowledge." And that is the trouble with the liberal, the socialist, the Communist, and a dozen other species of political cranks who have achieved respectability in our time: they disregard so much of what is constant and latent in life. They fail to notice; they fail to appreciate.
Nor did you need to know about that petty little leftist would-be assassin.
I honestly forgot there was going to be an instant elimination again. So it is going to be a crazy night. I feel that Adam and Cee Lo have really strong teams. At the end of the night one person from Team Cee Lo and from Team Adam will be sent packing by their coach in an instant elimination. And last’s weeks weren’t pretty. The world went crazy when Xtina sent Jesse Campbell home, and then a few days later I feel everyone got over it. I was shocked. So who is going home tonight?
MEETING THE SPIRIT OF WINTER
Exercising: Last week my goal was 3x's at the gym..made it 2 and today we did a 10 mile bike ride up the coast! The fresh air did me good! I had a lot going on last week and was exhausted by the time I was home...
The biggest perk of being the library grandparent was bumping into my library grandchildren in stores and supermarkets. Familiar faces came up to me to say hello. I, of course, with my swiss cheese brain couldn’t place the faces till they reminded me I read to their children. It definitely made standing at the check out counter in the supermarket a little sweeter when people came up and told me that their child would like to come back for more book reading, which day did I read at the library.
So here is the list of items i've got
As we live in this fast paced world,
Ottawa
Grapefruit: Want to ingest fewer calories during meal time? Eating half a grapefruit prior to gathering around the dinner table can help fill you up enough to where you are able to resist that second helping of tortellini. The plentiful amounts of soluble fiber in grapefruit slow down the digestion process.
Kirk Jones (Waking Ned Devine)
I feel like I am going to be talking a lot about the birth in the next few months and I really hope I don't bore you all. It's just part of my preparation and excitement. Bare with me please :)
Once the oil is hot enough, take a tablespoon of the prepared dal-chili mix and form a ball.
*Absolutely dynamo scene between Littlefinger and Ros where she’s displaying some post-traumatic effects of seeing one of the infant bastard children of Robert murdered in its mother’s arms and Littlefinger not so subtly threatens to kill her if she doesn’t straighten up. His passive/aggressive menace is alternately terrifying and impressive. It’s also worth mentioning that I’m seeing more than a little Gary Oldman in Aidan Gillan’s performance as Littlefinger these days.
Only I never made it. Sigh.
1. Pittsburgh Steelers
He’s an all-rounder. He can take many roles. He used to be big as the demon-lover until the vampires got that franchise (cheap East European labour pushing out an established brand). He’s also a rebel. Wherever there is stifling moral authority, the devil can don jeans and climb on a motorbike and lead us roaring away to glorious, dangerous freedom. Blake saw it in Milton’s Paradise Lost. Pullman cast him as Lord Asriel. Shaw invoked him in The Devil’s Disciple, where the hero is in revolt against the Puritan culture of his home town, and declares his house to be “The House of the Devil”, (before being forced by circumstances and his own nature to risk his life for others and ending up becoming a priest – Shaw liked a joke). In this guise we’re on his side, because he’s the underdog. He stands for freedom. And we’re still playing with fire.
Love and blessings, Namaste. Natalia Kuna.
Working with the stand mixer with the whisk attachment or with a hand mixer in a large bowl, beat the remaining 1 cup heavy cream only until it holds the softest peaks. Turn the machine to high, add the cooled white chocolate all at once and continue to beat until the whipped cream holds firm peaks. Turn the whipped cream into a bowl, press a piece of plastic wrap gently against the surface to create an airtight seal and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or up to 6 hours.
Evangeline attended Howard University and graduated from the College of New Rochelle School of New Resources in Brooklyn, NY. She later moved on to work at the school that her children attended. Evangeline also worked as a toll collector at Hudson River Crossings and was among the first group of women toll collectors, because only men were in tolls until 1956. She was also a paraprofessional at Paul Robeson High School (which was called Alexander Hamilton at the time) for a little while. She even worked at the World Trade Center when the 1st building was being built, as a guide for builders. She is a woman of many trades! Her story about almost getting hit by a streetcar on Albany Avenue made us all realize how many changes the area we go to school in has been through!
That sounds very fanciful but if, like me, you are a person with lots of imagination, a Scandinavian pine forest is going to have a strange affect on you – trust me on this! During the warmer parts of the year it smells divine – of pine resin, mushrooms and flowers – and the sunlight is always slightly dimmed as it’s filtered down through the canopy of the trees. This gives it a feeling of unreality, of being in a different realm. There are creatures scurrying around, making rustling noises so you know they’re there even though you hardly ever see them. It’s easy to fantasise about who those creatures might be. And suddenly the existence of trolls and fairies doesn’t seem quite as impossible as it did before. Turn your head really quickly and you just
For those of us in the Northeast, it feels as though spring is never going to uh, spring. For every 60 degree day, we seem to get a week's worth of Canadian "air masses."
Year One:
As I age, I become increasingly more aware that the impacts I have on others are very often unpredictable. That is, seemingly small gestures and actions can have large, unforeseen, repercussions. These are as likely to be positive as negative, and it is the positive impacts that I am drawn to thinking about. The Presence of Absence was one such gesture. Since writing that piece, I have continued to think about it. Presences, Traces, and Absences was a subsequent post that continued the discussion. Now I am wishing to move the conversation further.
What a perfect companion for tea.
I have a feeling that inspiration truly is about to hit. If not, however, then just brace yourself for an onslaught of my old poetry. (See how sneaky I am? Now you’re all praying along with me, “Not her teenage poetry! Lord, PUHLEEEZE give her something, anything, to write about!”)
ps. Baby Jake seems to like them! As you see, although you can put real sugar here, I don't use white sugar for us.
really amazing people through it like you and Ronda Carmen from All
Eyes wide finger held
chicken stock cube
It all began Thursday 4 am with an early wake up call from Ella complaining of a upset tummy and intermittent crying. Okay. I crawled into bed with her and she went back to sleep until 6.
When I first became a Christian you were already there.
Laughed in ways small and large, often until I either fell to the ground or cried, because it helped them see that it was okay to play with me.
Again the question here is what more information the authorities have. Are there documents suggesting Mr Mulcaire was known to Mr Bird? Would Mr Mulcaire state such on oath?
I was leveled. At once I recalled the faces of countless friends that I sat across a coffee shop table from, biting my tongue when I should have spoken up. I remembered the passive and indirect ways I tried to bring up things that I knew were destructive in their lives but I was to afraid to come right out and say. I even remembered the self-righteousness I felt when my predictions proved to be true and things went exactly as I knew they would, when I should have been feeling broken for my softness and passivity in not warning them.
About 99% of the time Jarod wins.
Having completed a course in User Centred Design, I’ve covered the whole area of personas, test cases, use cases and all that jazz. I’ve no doubt that the people who “OK” these ads must have come across these terms at some stage. However, I have to wonder if they were out the day that the marketing end of things was covered. I’ll just go ahead and remind everybody that ads should not be use cases, ever.
Initially part of the Federal Writers’ Project, the Historical Records Survey and its cemetery survey and transcription project began in 1936 and the first phase of the project was to last four weeks, at 30 hours a week. The total estimated cost of the first phase of cemetery work was $9,269. This overall estimate included $5,232 for paying 109 cemetery survey workers (for four weeks) and $1,962 for paying 218 assistant cemetery survey workers (for one week), $300 for office supplies and equipment to compile the transcriptions from both the archival and cemetery portions of the survey, $480 for paying 10 workers to do the compiling and indexing from both portions of the survey, and $545 to cover the local workers’ travel expenses. The estimated travel cost for 10 regional supervisors (to coordinate both the records inventory and the cemetery inscription) was listed as $750.
Concert Venue :
For this New Year's Eve I have teamed up with Bush Prestige. No, it is not Republicans Abroad that are my guests- 2005 may have seen much of the Prestige disappearing from the presidential team, anyway.
Oh! and you can get the ebook version for $2.99 here :
(What’s you’re current favourite movie?)
As well as drooling all over my new book, I am also in a whirlwind about getting this blanket crocheted up for my friend Tracy who has asked me to do one for her Aunt. I love working on it. Each round is so relaxing to work and I love the colours. I have a sort of a pattern repeat going on - sort of. I am doing 3 colours then white, 3 colours then cream etc.. I am hoping that the white and cream will give it a calmer, more vintage feel.
- Celebrating Summer Solstice! Possibly from my couch..ha!
are far away;
When it hurts inside
Each card is made by hand.
The show is called "Zang-e Khatar," or "Alarm Bell," and is styled after shows like Jon Stewart's "The Daily Show" and nighttime talk shows like Letterman and Leno. Kabul's Tolo Television airs the show. Afghanistan's election fraud scandal has provided ample material for the lead comics on the program, Hanif Hangam and Ghulam Nabi Sakhri.
She was sitting beside the floor-to-ceiling glass window, her order the last thing on her mind as she looked out at a teenage couple dawdling through the bookstore across the street. Deeply engrossed in her thoughts, she slightly flinched when someone tapped her shoulder.
The pressure was on at Cape Canaveral, the US was losing the space race. The Soviet’s had succeeded in getting the first satellite into Earth’s orbit four years earlier, and in the seven months since Yuri Gagarin became the first man in space another Russian, Gherman Titov, had safely returned from orbit.
Port Chuck is a cover band made up of the most popular actors from ABC’s TV show General Hospital. The band features Steve Burton, Scott Reeves, Brandon Barash, and Bradford Anderson, who along with four accompanying musicians, play mostly classic rock. $40-$250. 8pm
rinse a mold in COLD water
We can dream, can’t we?
I’m just one of those people that don’t give up, especially when I know the end result is going to be mighty tasty.
And did I mention this is also based on a cartoon show?
The Arab Spring was so promising, and Mohamed Morsi is leading in Egypt’s presidential race led supporters in a chant “The Koran is our constitution, and Sharia is our guide!”
From said he has nothing against Clinton's wife, Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York, or the other seven Democratic presidential candidates. He even understands why they won't attend the DLC meeting. But that doesn't make him worry any less about the future of his party.
The dual analogue sticks are perhaps smaller than you might imagine – especially if you’re used to the DualShock 3 controller – but they’re easy to master and offer the kind of very precise inputs that most hardcore gamers will demand.
The most uplifting thing to come from all this is the overwhelming outpouring of love and support we have received from our local triathlon community. Truly I think that triathletes are a totally unique group of individuals. Yes, we race against each other for the most part but we also spend a lot of time cheering each other on, training together and encouraging one another. And when times get tough we band together and support each other like nothing I have ever been a part of before.
Serving Size: 1 mug cake
Free time does not help weight loss!
If you would like to know more about the Leap year blanket or fancy joining in, here is the link :-)
She also has a hard time grasping the idea of consequences for her actions because of the short attention span. Her mind does not think long term, it only thinks short term, which is why she will make a huge mess or do something she knows is wrong without connecting it to the consequence later on.
All I did was put the letters for each word in a pencil box, along with a pipe cleaner purchased from Michael's. (One year, I also put in Unifix cubes with letters on them as you see in the picture, but it proved to be somewhat confusing so I took those out.) Then I put the foam letters for each word on the top of the box. I ran out of a couple of the vowels and had to make a couple of e's out of c's, and so on, after I hit box number thirty or so. So you might want to buy more than one bag of letters if that bothers you. After I had decided to make 50 boxes of them (since my district increased the number of words required,) and I did go back and reorder some. I also made a few boxes with the children's names on them for some struggling students that had a terrible time learning the alphabet, because I decided it would help them learn the letters in their names to start with. But in this case, I just taped a paper with their name on it rather than putting the foam stickers on the pencil box since it would be only temporarily used. Of course, THEN I had to order an entire bag of upper case letters just so that we could practice stringing our names- and that was a whole bag of letters of them I had to buy when I only a few! Go ahead- say it: Been there, done that! (The foam stickers do leave a lot of bumpy residue if you try to remove them, so it is best to think of these letters as permanent once you decide to place them on the box.
After a 10-month legal battle, I have now been cleared on "all grounds" by a senior immigration tribunal judge, who ruled that May's decision to deport me was "entirely unnecessary" and that she had been "misled". The evidence she relied on (which included a poem of mine which had been doctored to make it appear anti-Jewish) was not, he concluded, a fair portrayal of my views. In reality, I reject any and every form of racism, including antisemitism.
I’m very excited to be your Star Author for the month. (Well, who wouldn’t be? Doesn’t everyone want to be a star from time to time? And yes, I did get to be a star on a Hollywood Red Carpet once with my friend Nim, though I’ll tell you more about that later . For now, here’s the Red Carpet video of what a true Hollywood star and I think about reading: Wendy Orr and Jodie Foster MS Readathon CSA
I really hope you'll give it a try. This recipe makes enough for an 11 x 7 inch baking dish but for a larger crowd just double it and you'll have a lot of happy people!
In my youth, I would never have thought I would actually be comforted by the simple daily rituals of arriving home, making a fuss over a beloved pet, putting away all of my things and hugging my husband. At hearing me say ‘time to get changed’, George heads up the staircase to wait for me at the top.
Prove thy servants, I beseech thee, ten days – A period which would indicate the probable result of the entire experiment. If during that period there were no indications of diminished health, beauty, or vigour, it would not be unfair to presume that the experiment in behalf of temperance would be successful, and it would not be improper then to ask that it might be continued longer.
Don’t forget: YOU ROCK!
After a bit, we decided to go on a vintage shopping excursion at our two favorite Tucson shops, Razzle Dazzle and How Sweet It Was. Both shops are treasure troves of well-priced clothing; I always find a few goodies every time we go! This trip was no exception, and I came back with a lovely gold gabardine 40s suit, a pair of burgundy suede 40s platforms, and a couple of pairs of celluloid earrings in colors that were lacking in my collection (pictures to follow soon). My friends came away with a spectacular hooded jacket and matching gold set in black velvet with a red satin lining, a sweet yellow floral cotton 50s dress and matching bolero jacket, and various odds and ends, including a 50s girdle that had been used in a Playboy photo shoot.
4. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Gather into a disk. Knead lightly a few times just until smooth. (Dough can be made up to 2 hrs ahead, wrapped in plastic wrap and refrigerated until ready to use)
4. Divide the dough into 12 pieces, lightly grease them with a bit of oil so they do not dry out and make it east to roll. Let rest, covered, 15-20 minutes.
Dagotee' gozhoole' (Beauty all around...)
Brandon nodded excitedly, clutching his backpack tightly to his chest. "Yes, yes, I have something really special!" he exclaimed. He stepped carefully to the front of the room. All eyes were on him as he set his backpack down and slowly reached into its depths. Like a magician pulling a rabbit from a hat, he drew forth his prize with a flourish and held it over his head for all to see.
- it seemed to take as long to get to our hotel in London as it did to get back to Vancouver last Christmas; in total we had to use 9 stages of transportation each way: taxi, train, another train, shuttle bus, plane, shuttle, train, subway, walk.
Nautical Gift Shop...
Peel skin from the ash gourd. Remove the seeds and the very soft inner parts.
In general, it has been extremely difficult for me to find the origin of a model. The same models, sometimes with different or similar wording, can often be found on a wide range of websites. I have therefore concentrated mainly on traditional origami models or ones that are fairly easy to describe.
And, by the way, listen to my voice in this snippet because I’m sure you can hear the impact on me of just a few days of this transition. I certainly can. I apologize that you can hear me typing in a few of the seconds of this snippet. I’ll ask Graham to remove it from the final version.
Like I said earlier, I consider myself to be beyond that stuff now. I think all adults feel that way, mostly because we’ve found more subtle and respectable ways to do the exact same thing. We still distance ourselves from some people and pursue others. We still move in and out of social circles, leaving hurt feelings and good friendships behind. We still act differently around “cool” people because, for some reason, we really, really want them to like us. We still do all of the same exchanges that we did in the lunchroom. The major difference is that we don’t have to sit in the same room and risk crossing glances with those we’ve hurt.
2. Avoid small fillets of fish as they are too delicate, use whole fish, especially when the fish is ‘plate sized’.
On a more superficial level, I have been watching a lot of TV as most of my shows have been winding down with season finales.
polluted our way home from tarn,
Christ.
and I hadn't been since Sean and I went together right before his mission.
Monday I was aching from head to toe, feeling all the effects of my exertion. I begged off my usual Monday night training session with David, we agreed to meet Tuesday instead. I wasn’t sure how much better I was but I was feeling pretty good when I walked in to the gym. David had an evil plot designed for me, little did I know. I thought we were going to do some cardio, some floor work, maybe some weight bearing and finish up with the cardio again. Instead we headed to the elliptical and we talked for a few minutes while I warmed up. His next request took me by surprise. “Ok, now move your legs as fast as you can, just go fast fast FAST!! Arms too, just get it up as fast as you can!” I obeyed and as he prompted me pushed the speed upwards from 3 to 6, then 7 and 8. My legs were flying, my arms were pushing frantically but he told me to keep going, 30 seconds worth. By the time he counted down those last 5 seconds I was ready to be done. David had other plans. He had me rest for about 30 seconds, going slower before he told me to gear up and do it again. Five times he had me rest, then push for 30 seconds going as fast as I could on the elliptical. My legs felt like they were on fire, I was pouring sweat. I couldn’t look when he had me going, instead I crouched down and put my head down and just flew as much as I could. By the 5th set, I didn’t make it to the full 30 seconds I quit at about 22 seconds in. My left leg was cramping and I wanted to punch David in his face. Hard.
It tolls loudly this week for those I care about.
It's Thursday!!!!!
I would love your "Two Cents" on how do you feel when a Non-BLM supports you on your special days? What have they done for you? Is it just dropping off a card in the mail for your special dates? Is it taking a picture of something that reminds you of the babies? What are your "Two Cents" on those that have not shown support? What have they done? What can you do to change that in the future?
Size of baby: Baby #2 is about 11 inlong (about the size of a spaghetti squash) and weighs about 1 lb.
what has gone wrong with life to-day
I join Alex Petty at the Lucky Shag. I break my own golden rule of foreign travel and have a British beer: a pint of Hobgoblin Ruby – it is not easily found and it is a stonking good ale.
They were looking for a “real neighborhood.” And more than finding them, they invented them, Osman argues.
ilegal...who’s to stop you from playing for your own pleasure in a park?
Choose to live a life of love.
(Note: Dad ran in 2007 as an independent with his former opponent, forming the “Progressive Party.” They didn’t win.)
In your book you call the Holy Bible, there is Script that says “SUNDAY” is the “Holy Day”. Now whom do you suppose viewed that as such? Whom wrote most of the “words” in that preceived holy book? Mankind? As they “Preceived” it to be of such? EACH DAY should be a work/rest day in true when you look upon things a bit more into “Creator/Creation” there should ALWAYS be work of done and Rest to be of had…..there is NO SUCH SPECIFIC DAY/TIME/PLACE for such…..EXCEPT that in which your soul being directs for YOU in its growth and need. What if you were to HOOK and PULL into this holy book and you are a “Farmer” whom has livestock to tend, crops to water/harvest etc….DO these just WAIT and do without on that day you call “SUNDAY” the day of rest as directed in your holy book? Livestock surely WONT understand the waiting and some may die or wither away in that waiting you see. EACH DAY should be considered work/rest/play……your being will bring in as it needs what it needs in the time and ways it needs. When you are hungry you eat, thirsty you drink and so on…… As in ALL things of creation DO NOT STOP……it is a continual flow at all times. This is ALL Progression of Evolutional Growth and Movements.
I have always wonder what is it with the koreans that they like to commit suicide so much? What are they thinking right before they made the final decision? In this case, wouldn't leaving the father with cancer and grieving mother do more harm, instead of helping the family members to go through this difficult period? Looking at the names of those committed, it seems u are at high risk if u :
So here’s to baby steps and five minutes here and there to making our dreams a reality.
I was sad there weren’t many other animals on the blog.
Now, on this journey home, there is a sense of having faced the challenges, having sent the messages over and over again, a sense of how important it is to keep sending those messages, and a sense of how much work there is to do to ensure everyone is able to communicate to the best of his or her ability and to participate fully in every aspect of Canadian life.
and you are making me into something i cannot see
*Families, these are for you too!*
This blog checked to see her arrests records and it doesn’t appear that she is a convicted felon. She was arrested 6 times. From the age of 18 on up to her demise. Her last arrest was on March 3, 2011 and that charge was from a Parking/Driving violation. The other charges are either unknown, or for failure to appear. Nothing drug related. Where did the news get the information that this was drug related? We might add, none of her arrests included anything violent of any nature.
I have this in 001 Black and it is a nice deep black formula. As if you couldn’t see that well enough on my lashes you can definitely see it on the surrounding skin... I am a disaster at applying this.
949 D-VI/6(B)/1986. “An Introduction to the Opening Chapters of Aristotle’s Politics.” Paideia Program Institute, Chicago Public Schools, Chicago, Illinois.
easy wheezie
and I never could read you.
-we planted a huge garden and I have lettuce and all kinds of greens coming out my ears.
sitting on your tree swing in the back yard, ice cream
One of my fondest memories was lying on my grandmother's carpet and tracing with my fingers the intricate design as well as looking closely at her hanging tapestry...finding and following all the color changes. Everything seemed old and mysterious and I was entertained for the longest time. These particular memories came to mind when I was considering the beauty of the Alhambra. Do you have first memories of connecting to art or design?
Pumpkin Muffins with Oat Crumb Topping
When choosing a cleaning company make sure they have done the necessary research behind the chemicals they are using or you may be putting your household and the earth in danger!
Shadow of the Silk Road ~ by Colin Thubron (China, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Turkey)
I remember as a kid I would flip through the Sears catalog and circle every toy I wanted. The catalog was endless to me, larger than a telephone book. It was so fun/harmless to dream of what Santa would decide to bring me.
I am getting a little freaked out because my oldest is turning 18 this week. How did that happen? Where did my little girl who LOVED princesses, go?
As you can imagine, he and Silverstein had a real man crush on each other.
“Everybody says the final solution to this RACE problem is for EVERY white country and ONLY white countries to “assimilate,” i.e., intermarry, with all those non-whites.”
Haven posing for a pic. She can "cheese" with the best of them. As soon as she sees the camera, she assumes the position--and heads straight for in front of the fireplace and pastes on a smile.
2) We lack the ability to feed ourselves. He writes, “The goal of every disciple should be to learn how to feast on the Word of God without being completely dependent on an outside teacher. We should become so familiar with it that we become teachers ourselves.”
It was launched 16 years ago by poet, children's and YA writer, book lover and tireless book advocate Pat Mora. The year-long, family literacy initiative is now housed at ALSC, a division of ALA. The celebration emphasizes the importance of literacy for children of all linguistic and cultural backgrounds.
However, that whole thread further cements the idea that I want nothing more to do with F—PBX or PBX in a Flash (at least not until they come out with a project not based on F—PBX, and even then I doubt I will attempt to actively participate). I’ve tried to help people when I can, which may not be all that often, but at least I tried. In fact, sometimes I suspected that one or two people might have resented the fact that I would occasionally freely help people, without first making them provide all sort of irrelevant information about their system, versions of various software packages they are running, etc.
It's no small secret that I have a stationary habit, or perhaps I should say that I have a little stationary addiction. In fact, my husband issued a moratorium about a year ago on the purchase of new cards and I have yet to run out. Sad! While email is a wonderful means of communication, nothing replaces an actual note via snail mail.
These beads are a very intense semi translucent brilliant turquoise. I made them all into 11x8mm spacers and got a total of 17 beads from the 3 rods I had left. They are currently looking for a new home here:
‘Celebrity’ is based on the life of a real London PR agent. Only the names of scandal-struck celebrities will be changed to protect us from libel!
From: David McClean
Here is your Microsoft System Configuration (msconfig) utility. Typically when you open this utility it will open to the ‘General’ tab but for the sake of space and time I have opted to click on my ‘Startup’ tab. With this utility you can configure how your computer starts up, what services you want to be automatically started with windows, and you also have access to some other behind the scenes tools that you can use to customize and monitor windows.
Legislative Status
play, read, and craft and Be Celebrated.
I can be sociable sometimes, if I want. I can laugh and dance and sing and make merry and tell stories that people giggle at or marvel at or whatever.
In the chapter “Voltaire's Coconuts” in Ian Buruma's Anglomania (that title is used for the whole book in a UK edition; the proposal in the entry on Government is that one should try the English form, with its guaranteed liberties, everywhere, just as one should at least try to grow coconuts, native to India, in Bosnia and Serbia), the author relates that Voltaire tried to grow pineapples at Ferney. In the Philosophical Dictionary (that Wikipedia article badly needs some editing), s.v. Loix (Laws), Voltaire tells a story of some Jews of the time of Vespasian stranded on the island of Padrabranca in the Maldives (Pedra Branca is actually near Singapore). “… on y trouve les plus gros cocos & les meilleurs ananas du monde” 'there one finds the largest coconuts and the best pineapples in the world'. (Of course Voltaire probably knew that pineapples wouldn't have grown there back then. The story revolves around the refusal of a pious Essene to marry what might be the last Jewish women to preserve the race, on account of Mosaic Law; when the castaways move to a nearby populated island, where the law says that all strangers are automatically slaves, he refuses to believe there is such a law because it isn't in the Torah, but is made a slave anyway.)
but we also had some fairly vehement refusals/threats of vengeance, so we moved on to our final stand.
Some may feel that I attribute to much importance to this matter. It is true that what has happened this week is a minor detail in an ongoing struggle, however its outcome may be very significant indeed. Switzerland is an independent democratic nation, it is not part of the European megalodon yet its people have acted in a manner which the forces currently governing our planet do not approve of, and it is being made clear that this will not be tolerated, it remains to be seen what will be done about that.
We are all familiar with the timeless and unforgettable pasuk in the first chapter of Bereshit (Genesis), “Na’ase adam b’tselmenu, k’demutenu.” “Let us make man in our image, after our likeness.” I have always found this concept to be one of the most profound in all of the Torah. What does it mean to be created in the image of G-d? Let us begin discussing this question by citing the Rambam’s definition of tselem (image):
Karen doesn’t mince words, nor write a hagiography, or sanitized story. This book is not R rated, unless too much salty language would make it so. We have the look of an unedited telling of what happens to a family when their loving, strong, faithful father and husband is killed in war. It is an eye-opening account of the untold tragedy that war can bring on a family. And how God’s grace can make the difference in the end. Through many dangers, toils and snares, which seem to have the final say day after day and year after year.
37 International Peoples Gang - Shimmer
#BrothersOnTheRun
According to a study that was released in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, these diets might leave more to be desired. Researchers found that vegans particularly, could be at risk. The traditional vegan diet tends to lack important nutrients such as iron, zinc, vitamin B-12, and omega 3- fatty acids. Many vegans do not consume enough fat, which causes elevated blood levels of homocysteine and decreased levels of HDL (the good cholesterol). Both of those are risk factors for heart disease.
In 2002, a project was undertaken to develop a Chinese herbal medicine toxicology database to share information about English and Chinese studies on Chinese herbal medicines. The goal of the project was to help doctors in Western hospitals better manage poisonings or adverse reactions to Chinese medicines.
So we shall see you here tomorrow, happy shopping.
He took it and held the delicate bones in his big paw. Energy ripped through him as their palms touched. After the initial jolt, he felt a peace overcome every fiber of his being. It slowed his heart and loosened his muscles. The peace that flowed
13) Once again it has been a supremely crazy year here, and once again it would have been even crazier without all of my writing friends, online and in person, who remind me that there is more to life than the dayjob. And that it's always good to have plans.
He’d bucked bulls over fences, rode a colt up Ayres Rock
following the lead of a few others like raghu and ranvijay, ayushman has proved himself worthy of all the attention he has got so far. makes us wonder whether we should still laugh at the pretentious bunch that comes to audition for reality shows and talent shows on TV. these MTV boys are proving to be a great success. in the mean time, vicky donor… must watch. paani da rang… must download. ayushman… must fan!
;) So, paperwork, and children with baggage in tow, I headed out- a little nervous by the labs results I was to deliver to the Dr I was referred to.
Bless us with clean hands.
In spite of the fact that these two natures of frequence study are obstacles to effort results, these assonant qualities bang worked in advantage to unification. Because infrared devices pauperism to be unsmooth up straight on opposing locations, too slight disturbance occurs between transmitters and receivers. The one to one rule on the remaining crewman is premeditated to carry signals exclusive to the freehanded acquirer. Relinquished that there are varieties of frequence recipients in a positioning, the knowing acquirer uparable give get themunication arrival from a agent.
I inevitably compared the lamb chow mein to the one I miss so much from Dumpling Master, and it paled in comparison. The noodles were thick and a bit too chewy, and there were only sparse slivers of lamb. The whole thing just didn't come together well.
- I still couldn't resist putting pretty orchids at the top of this post. A.k.a, this is a sucky thing, I feel I have been treated ill. Allowed myself to be tricked, used. I have been a fool. We have worked hard to cut back on all our spending, yet I have offered up our resources unnecessarily. Stupid, stupid, stupid. But this isn't an insurmountable thing. Everything, anything, could so easily be much worse. Live and learn, I get more chances, today is a new day; and like Anne of Green Gables would say, it doesn't have any mistakes in it (yet). And I don't take simple things like movement, my ability to walk, or dance (when I can dance without feeling sick) for granted anymore. It is a fine and remarkable thing to be able to move about the world.
The other item is from Etsy but it was $7 so I think it counts. It is a vintage Lucite tortoise shell tray and I am absolutely ga-ga over it. I found it at the Etsy shop Folding Chairs. I could swear my grandmother had one when I was little. These two won't be staying where you see them. I actually don't really know what they will do in my house but there it is.
Tea sweetened with liquid sugar free sweetener
Director : Gene Teigland
I'm calling this a "Marathon Makeover" because quite literally, it was a makeover that took about 15 times longer than I had expected! First, there was the paint stripper incident. Then once I had that sorted, I got to painting. I ended up painting on 2 coats of my no-fail-always-covers-go-to-primer, Bulls Eye 123, but even that struggled to cover the mess that was created by my blotchy sanding job. After the 2 coats of primer, I also painted on about 7 {yes, you read that correctly, SEVEN} coats of BM latex paint. Finally they were white enough to live with, so I sprayed on a few coats of clear Varathane and added some pretty new pulls from Lee Valley Tools.
So, I mentioned in my last post that I was thinking about using the Ikea Henriksdal arm chair in my living room paired up with the new gray velvet slipcover. Part of the joy of blogging is having comments and emails from new friends, and sweet, sweet Yolanda emailed me with a few links for similar chairs I wanted to share with you.
Greg, I’m sorry for punching you.
The power is now back on off-base which is how I have Internet access right now. We're at Tami's house. Hopefully it stays on.
Increasingly, the federal government persecutes the innocent and punishes whistleblowers, while turning a blind eye to the guilty.
Dimensions: 2.00 pounds
I recently read another well-written biography, Steve Jobs by Walter Isaacson. I was struck by how similar geniuses seem to be – they are driven and usually end up challenging the status quo. But there is something that separates these men, Lewis and Jobs, and it really makes all the difference. Jobs continually fights in his life to be important, to do something meaningful and be remembered. When he did not get his way, he would literally throw a tantrum. The driving force in his life was himself, and in the end it left him empty. Lewis was headed down that same path, but something grabbed him and altered his very foundation.
I chucked in a few cups of flour and half a cup of wheat germ, and I beat all of that in.
U. S. of A. CONSTITUTION
Singing: "There dwells a loved one,
THE UNLADYLIKE EDUCATION OF AGATHA TREMAIN by Stephanie Burgis
Over the next several weeks, as the weather starts to warm up, we will have something neighborhood related to be concerned about, too.
I believe I have been bitten by a bit of Karma as a result of my household disorganisation over the last 12 months.
7) I am the middle of 3 sisters.
Sorensen Pharmaceutical
Bear in mind, Estrella's problems began before this new law was passed. Once it goes into effect, how much worse will it be?
It was made from one of those freebies from a cross stitch mag, I cant remember which one though. Perhaps one of you lovely bloggers may recognise it?
So, yeah, Mariah the Hipster completed my life. A big thank youuu!!
‘Minister of Magic, Ladies and Gentlemen,
Hah, feels weird to think about it…
Xypherous: You are in the abyss. There is still time.
caution.
Update 'Books Read in 2012' page
Daily Maid Service (except Sundays)
gossip,
I was reminded of this above photo that I took, some time ago, of my sister's (Rachel) clothespin bucket.
What's a Chapter?
B. Bed size: Queen
Some days this’d be the guy.
What is the action that you want the other person to take (clarity is key here)
Cut into squares.
Each week, I will highlight the new photoshoots released by WWE and give you guys, the audience to see which photoshoot suits best and become the shoot of the week! Its that simple! Last week, the winner was the beautiful AJ Lee with her Diva Of The Month photoshoot! This week, the winner is The Bella Twins who looks utterly gorgeous in her brand new photoshoot! Their brand new Divas Championship photoshoot will be nominated in the May’s Diva Photoshoot Of The Month category! Woohoo!
Capitalists: doing the jobs Occupods won’t do.
Meanwhile, with Wales’ young rugby side are already tipped to win the 2015 World Cup it is no surprise the grassroots game is thriving.
Today, however, I feel quite differently. After being given an epidural and IV pain medications almost immediately following my induction with Aiden (which I do not regret at all), this time around I want my labor and delivery experience to be completely different. I believe that having an altered labor experience this pregnancy will increase my chances of birthing a live, screaming, healthy baby. And yes, I realize this belief is completely irrational, because we know all too well that regardless of how well you are prepared, how great your prenatal care is, or what you have stated in a birth plan, shit happens. Really terrible, uncontrollable shit.
It's helping with the ridden work, and today, in one or two of the transitions, I felt a real oomph from behind, while keeping the softness in front.
& I received the Warmest of Hug
I was so mad at Mark Driscoll that day that I wrote down his name on a scrap piece of paper and took it home so that I could download as many of his videos as possible.
I got the look. And then maybe the snort. Or at least some kind of sound that let me know that no one wanted to be on the road early enough for me to go to camp. Okay... I can respect that.
1 is--was
My thyroid biopsy came back as ALL GOOD yesterday! I don't have to go back for another year, and next time all's I have to have is an ULTRASOUND, not STAB-A-PALOOZA!!!
I’d better be getting along.
10. The Fakir II (5:01)
3) Tertiary conditioning for 3 - 4 days, add gelatin at this point for fining.
- Deliberate "population flooding" of the historical Cape Province for the sole purpose of outbreeding and controlling its longstanding minority populations; and
But, as with all forms of human interaction, it's all about doing what works for you and feels good for you. All I'd say, though, is if you don't try it you'll never know.
ENTRY FEE: £25 (or £20 for Friends of the Poetry Business and North magazine subscribers). A £1 surcharge is applied to entries submitted online.
To qualify for a Stafford Loan:
At home I plunged it into a deep bath of cool water so that it could revive. It wilts fast in the sun. After a few hours it had plumped back up again.
Later, Jesus went on to say,
We get to know some of the girls better than the others. The story mostly revolves around Sisi, a college graduate who was unable to find a job in Nigeria because she didn't have the right "connections", however, it is Joyce's story that moved me the most, perhaps because it was the saddest and also, of the four girls, she was the only one tricked into going to Antwerp. To tell you more would be to give much of the story away and I certainly don't want to do that.
Show me your true personality
About a month or so later, Element 101 was playing in Gettysburg PA at a place called The Bombshelter. I saw this comp there (for around $5 I think) so of course I bought it. And so begins my obsession with rare pop punk compilations.
Model Train Track – What Your Train Rides On
Whilst researching other photographers websites and what they used to create them, I came across a website built with indexhibit and the images were placed in sets and shown in a long row you could scroll along simply clicking the arrow buttons on the keyboard.
And here is Octo Polly, Bubble Puppy and Match Stick Mary all chillin out in the pink nightmare box.
I don’t think it is. What say you?
Oh, and what about the woman who's filming?! Isn't she going to stop that beast? Wow, she must be punished as bad as the mother, since she's not doing anything against her. And then there is that little girl. She just stands there like it's normal. That means that this has happened before and it really is normal to her. Poor thing..
Back and forth and around and around I searched the windows, paintings, carvings and statues of St Barbara in Kutna Hora in the Czech Republic. Others in my group searched with equal diligence. There was no monkey. Biblical scenes, saints, sinners and martyrs aplenty, but no monkey. I was disappointed.
“I’m here to tell you that there is no perfect parachute. My parachute isn’t perfect. It could fail at any time for any reason. Skydiving is extremely dangerous.”
Kiss me on the sidewalk
I’ve known several husband-wife ministry teams. They worked well together. They enjoyed working together. They both served in an official – or unofficial – capacity in the church. Both believed they were called by Jesus and empowered by the Holy Spirit to serve the Body of Christ in an official role. But that is an important distinction. Both were “called” and “empowered” for the position.
Row 8-9: ch2 (counts as a first sc), *(sc in the space between two sc in previous row, ch1)* repeat from *, join with a sl st in the top of ch2
The Centre for Entrepreneurship Education and Development (CEED) has been changing the entrepreneurial landscape of Nova Scotia since its inception more than 20 years ago. The lives of thousands of Nova Scotians have been positively impacted through CEED’s multifaceted mandate, from small business training and financing to entrepreneurially-based interventions for priority youth in conflict with the law, as well as in experiential in-class workshops for Nova Scotia public school students. Recognizing the need for increased community engagement with respects to Social Enterprises, CEED has collaborated with a diverse suite of partners, such as Mount Saint Vincent University Business Department and the Norman Newman Centre for Entrepreneurship at Dalhousie University, to develop Social Enterprise for a Day (SE4D).
Many tonalversal Entities. Special Guest Performers Don Preston, Elliott Levin, Avant Abstracts, Colony Collapse, Evolvemusic.
02 Walk Away
Seriously? Rearranging her clothes, Leigh brushed off what happened as she left the darkened room. Christian’s obnoxious snores followed her down the hallway, past the gathered puddles of spilt beer on the worn floor, and then out the party. She never wanted to tell Arianna or Devi what she did that night. Luckily for her, both of them were beyond inebriated and needed help getting home that night so neither of them was fully aware of their surroundings.
Malema was a director in Ever Roaring until last June.
she cradles his head
No matter where in the U.S. you live, there is a chance that there could be an earthquake in your area. Of the 50 states, there are only 8 that haven’t experienced a single earthquake in the last 30 years according to the United State Geological Survey (USGS). But even those states that have been safe the past thirty years are not immune from quakes or from damage caused by quakes occurring in adjoining states. The simple fact is, if you live in the U.S., you run the risk that an earthquake will cause damage to your home. If that happens, the only way that your insurance company will pay for the damage is if you have purchased additional coverage specific to earthquakes.
KK: Sunday Select and other opt-in programs provide us the opportunity to reach a desirable audience that is increasingly difficult to access through traditional paid print newspapers. Sunday Select readers are typically younger moms who are more budget-conscious and very comfortable with digital media for accessing the latest news, but still prefer the discovery aspect of paging through printed inserts on the weekend. Although the programs typically do not provide a large audience in any given market, they are targeted geographically in areas that are desirable to us based on demographics, retail sales opportunity and coverage need, which drives both sales and cost-efficiencies. We know that Sunday Select readers receive the ad packages solely for the advertising, so the response is very high.
I try to up the voices I hear within the movie. Nationality? It’s funny enough to watch thrice, but maybe it’s because hearing curse words in a Scottish accent or whispered in an English accent than is better than doing so in an American one. Capaldi layers the torture quip, breathing life on Tucker’s un-bottled energy and exasperation. Or maybe gender is the sharp knife to cut the roast? Maybe not, with Judy Molloy (Gina McKee), at one point telling Malcolm ‘Do you like how I’m telling you what’s going on where you are.’ She’s gentle yet strong despite of Malcolm’s bellowing, refusing to play the game unlike US. Assistant Secretary on Diplomacy Karen Clark (Mimi Kennedy) and one of her aides, Liza (Anna Chlumsky). Liza, by the way, uses too many hand gestures and widening her eyes showing how overwhelmed she is with her situation, being the one who has written an unwelcome paper outlining the likely negative outcomes of the war. And the thing is, it’s not Karen or Liza that comes out unscathed, it’s Judy.
got 9.1% or
And they perchance heard vows of mine
I'm finally on spring break so I have time to post!!! I wanted to show my new vanity I got for my birthday from my sister! I love it so, so much! At first I wasn't sure it was going to fit in my room, but after moving things around and measuring I was able to fit it in perfectly!
Being outside so much only reminded me of all the work that needs done around here. The yard needs some dirt work, the outbuildings and fences need painted, we need to install our storm shelter...
Many of my more “Physics with a capital P” pieces were painted with Plamen in mind. When I work on something outside my expertise, I’ll bring him in somewhere in the middle of the painting just to make sure I’m getting it right. We both recognize that there’s a creative interpretive component to painting too. These aren’t technical diagrams, but they do communicate. Even if we’re the only two people in the world who know that that painting “got it right” as far as the Physics. They are abstracts, after all.
This blog will feature ruminations on what is good, but many times bad, about the state of businesses today.
…it gives me creeps!!
Have a wonderful time/Christmas/New Year/Hanukkah. See you on the thirteenth day. And thank you all (very much) for reading.
I remain,
Here is a small sample of what we are just about to launch ourselves into clearing out in the garden on the side of the house. Blackberries, banana passionfruit (this one even has a fruit!) and osteospermum daisies, which to some people are their idea of “pretty flowers” but to me are right up there with boneseed and ragwort as invasive weeds. Once we liberate this side garden I can plant out my cold climate shrubs and we can start reducing our potted plants and our need to waste heaps of water on them in the summer time.
I think one or two of you might have received this award already, but I decided to give it to you anyway becuase A) you deserve to get it twice and B) I think this award has really gotten around by now. But if you have not received the Liebster Blog Award yet, please do pass it on!!!
While the impact of Jewish domination of Hollywood may be debatable, the extent is NOT. There's far too much evidence of Jewish domination of Hollywood from too many sources -- and most of them are NOT white nationalists. What makes this a concern is that during the past decade or so, we've seen a race to the bottom culturally. Most movies released contain love scenes, even when they are not necessary to perpetuate the storyline. Nearly every female pop star ends up appearing in public dressed in glorified underwear -- Britney Spears, Christine Aguilar, and now Miley Cyrus. MTV's Girls Gone Wild presents women as nothing more than half-dressed boy toys. Hip-hop reeks of misogyny and hate, with f-bombs flying thick as thieves.
“I’m afraid you are right Moskk… I have been lost for some time now… But I am home now” explains Agatha.
One area where multinationals currently have an edge is promoting collaboration and the internal collision of ideas, which can yield surprising new insights and business opportunities. In many Chinese companies, traditional organizational and cultural barriers inhibit such exchanges.
I tried to call my sister and my (best) only friend to talk, but neither answered.
I stapled the boys' valentines to snack sized bags filled with a combination of: mini "hug" shaped pretzels, dried cranberries, strawberry yogurt covered cheerios and...white chocolate chips ( I couldn't resist a little something sweet...what is Valentine's Day without a little chocolate after all??) I know, I'm a total rebel!
The display – which appears as part of the store’s Jubilee and Olympiccelebration, entitled The Big British Bang – showcases the outfits that a lady of the time could not do without, from dawn till dusk, including, of course, dazzling, exclusively-created hats by Stephen Jones. And the milliner has big plans for the Jubilee weekend.
It is factual, my partner Jill S. Heaton said, “Do not let him do that he might hit the pipe!”
Zulueta has long promoted “nesting” schools within schools to better gauge parent demand and find a facility that suits the size of the student body. A nested Academica school typically moves to its own campus after two to five years, he said.
One leftfield idea would be blowing outside of the rear wing endplates. This would not produce downforce, but reduce drag. Just as we see slots in the endplate to reduce the vortices created at the wing tip. Blowing the exhaust would reduce drag when the exhausts are blowing hard. Theoretically when the car is in accelerating out of a turn or in a straight-line and needs as little drag as possible. The beauty of this idea is when the driver lifts off the throttle for a corner, even with limits on overrun mapping the slower exhaust plume would reduce its effect, increase drag again. This might be a less sensitive, but still effective position for the exhaust plumes. But its complications might not be worth the drag benefit.
I've been working on finding people from the 1940 census and I'll admit that I relied on memory for one thing and now I wish I had not because I was wrong. For some reason, when I was making my 1940 list, I got it in my head that my wife's great-grandfather had died and his wife had married her second husband by 1940. In doublechecking the spelling of the second husband's last name (Fluegel), I realized that husband number one died in 1941, which means I should be looking for her with him (and his last name) in 1940.
A genetic test could help predict breast cancer many years before the disease is diagnosed, experts hope. Ultimately the findings, by doctors at Imperial College London, could lead to a simple blood test to screen women. The test looks for how genes are altered by environmental factors like alcohol and hormones – a process known as epigenetics. Dr James Flanagan, who led the research, explains what it might mean for women at risk of breast cancer.
I have been making things, and I've been spending lots of pennies, mainly on Crafters Companion products - have become quite obsessed with their products, but they are so good and such good value, it's difficult not to.
Problems with and Criticisms of FAR based controls internationally
Stage 5 in Added Collect 50 assistant coins.
Formula-feeding saved us. I have no doubt. Both his doctor and mine — after much pleading from J. and other members of my family — convinced me that the “nursing relationship” was a toxic one for us, and wasn’t even providing L. with all the nourishment he needed anyway. I still remember the mixture of fear and relief that washed over me when I locked eyes with a medical professional (who I was SURE would be judging me) and heard her say: “Are you enjoying being a mother? Because if you’re not, you owe it to yourself and to him to remove any obstacles that stand in the way of that.”
pseudo-American blue-eyed soul).
General Opinion of the Episode
After following the instructions in the sheet, your
“You’re ahead of nine tenths of the rest of us then,” she said.
Americas Airline: Delta Air Lines SkyMiles
I love spring cleaning and it’s really needed around here right now. Steve’s work schedule changed and I find myself falling further behind in the housekeeping every day. He’s home so much and I just don’t work around the house when he is here. I’m trying to develop new systems but they’re definitely not in place yet.
Watson was helping me fold one of the doggie blankets straight from the dryer. Notice how helpful he is by sitting on the nice warm blanket.
He also kept the basic design: "Bar" in block letters on either side of a cursive "Timboo's," and everything framed by two illustrations of Champagne glasses (a beverage nobody inside ever drinks). But the new lettering is much cleaner and more clinical, and one can't help but miss the more hand-painted feeling of the first sign.
By fools in old-style hats and coats,
From the depths of my bottomless soul–I mean heart,
I am enjoying being looked after. I sit down on the couch and I am talking with my dad. I feel good.
Does your AS child love organization? Mine does.
It was fastened
Fritzel’s – If you want the traditional New Orleans sound, you can find it at the tiny but crowded Fritzel’s on Bourbon Street. There’s no cover charge but the music is solid and they play all the old favorites.
for real? yeah~ party time?
In the last 30 days, Von has grown a little more than two full inches. I don't know how that is even humanly possible but I've got to believe God has heard our prayers and cheated things along for Von a little.
I was STUNNED. I go out of my way to make sure I am not a bitch. To be called one just for hiding a condiment was astonishing. Our supervisor happened to be sitting at the table playing Cribbage with us. He was also stunned.
The amount of muscle mass that a person has significantly impacts the amount of calories they burn while at rest. In other words, the more muscle you have, the more likely you are to not put on excess fat/weight since muscles consume a lot of calories while at rest.
I promise I’ll be trying to clear the camera, but that’s one of the reasons why I haven’t been posting. Between computers threatening to die, my husband hogging the camera and having to fix and reformat a few computers in the house ( Actually a separate issue from the other computers threatening to die. I work on computers a LOT in my spare time ) It’s been… busy to say the least. But I’ll have that camera up and running soon!
Now that I have talked about what a real man is from my view, I’m going to make a note of what I think a real woman is. A real woman will love her man for who he is and how he treats her and not how much money he makes or what kind of fancy things he owns. Real women stand behind their men as far as supporting him in his life; being there for him when he needs someone; helping him make decision that are big; helping him raise the family. Now, there is such thing as an alpha female, and I would know because at one point in my life I was married to one. They are just as bad as alpha males, if not worse. The worst ones will drag their husband/boyfriend around like he is a dog or a pet and he has to do whatever she says. They make all the rules and he must abide by them, just like an alpha male does to his female companion. In a fight or argument, they refuse to see thing through the other person’s perspective with the idea that they are always right; not to mention the only intelligent one. Someone once told me that alpha males and females have the ability to work as a couple; my honest opinion on that; no chance they would work. Alpha’s are dominant and controlling and they don’t back down. If they humble themselves, then maybe they could, but otherwise; that’s a fight or a split that everyone should stay clear of.
Please visit the website for more information and to get your share:
You see when an American President seeks such lofty ideals – they have the ability to achieve them with the might of their political resources. The Award therefore reflects the desire to have the political ‘will’ and not just a recognition of political ability. It’s a different type of award – suitable only for politicians – because they do not lack the ability and resources like the rest of us – they often just lack the will. When they are Awarded for their will, they are almost publicly blackmailed into avoiding the pathetic compromises that so often dilutes political first class will in favour of political third class achievement.
You can be on the right track, woman,
So, as you walk about today, viewing parades and shaking the hand of those that serve, try to remember that they are the true saviours of your freedoms; not some politician. For, unlike those in the service of making laws they themselves are not accountable to, a soldier is one willing to serve, and yes, even die, in support of those laws without the benefit of many of the freedoms provided to the American citizen.
When you’re stuck in a rut, try looking at the positives in life. As I have mentioned several times before, it can be as simple as a friendly smile from a stranger on the bus. The Book of Awesome is another awesome book to pick up when you have a chance. It truly captures those moments when we feel “awesome”. When you’re having a rough day, pick up this book and randomly turn to a page. Most likely it will put a smile on your face, and you’ll start to reminisce when you experienced a similar “awesome” moment.
Later that evening, Keller learns about the letter and can not believe that Tommy would expose his students to something so un-American. Insulted, Tommy decides to read the letter to spite him.
Tuesday, I usually have Daddy-Daughter-Day, but through the miracle of wife-taking-the-day-off-for-a-doctors-appointment, I was able to get a solid hour of writing in the morning, plus two-hour space between dinner and Bath/Bed procedure, in addition to nap-time, and after Chickerdoodles went to bed, I got a barn-burning, Rip-Snorting, Record-Breaking 4200 words in a day! By Wednesday the 30th, I only had 660 words, and, well, the story kinda tells itself after that.
Aren’t you glad all I could manage was, “I’m just glad you’re home,” . . . .?
i know that's not good for any of us, but i thought i couldn't find my way around it.
I place a kettle on the stove. Cinnamon tea it is. I place a Louis Armstrong c.d. in our kitchen c.d. player...and this seems to have set the tone for our day.
How often do I spend those dreaming nights waiting
A recent article in The New Yorker told us that Mitt Romney is an excellent businessman, but he's also a square.
You will have the chance to follow the debate surrounding the portrait of the Renaissance woman. The debate is quite intense between those who believe the portrait was created by Leonardo da Vinci and those who do not. You will also be immersed in the world of art mystery and discover the actual techniques that experts use to identify a painting’s origin and creator. Put you knowledge to the test and learn alongside these expert art investigators.
So I guess if it's a hit, I can make more without having to work an import deal with my cousin Wendy.
Donna Marie Giordano, 44, Parlin, N.J.
In a published report on her 196 LSD experiments with 14 “autistic schizophrenic” children, Bender states she initially gave each of the children 25 mcg. of LSD “intramuscularly while under continuous observation.” She writes: “The two oldest boys, over ten years, near or in early puberty, reacted with disturbed anxious behavior. The oldest and most disturbed received Amytal sodium 150 mg. intramuscularly and returned to his usual behavior.” Both boys were then excluded from the experiment.
Set up cooling racks.
Gastrodon is Gen IV’s Water/Ground Pokemon. I quite like that type combination, since it only has one weakness. I have a Gastrodon on my Pearl team (I’m playing through Pearl recently). It’s been quite useful as my Surfer and Water type. While it doesn’t learn Earthquake by level-up, I’m using Mud Bomb as its Ground STAB move.
“The Gold Watch” opens with the memory which places the extraordinary importance of the talisman with both the boxer and the audience. The boxer wakes from this like it’s a nightmare. He then pulls off his scam and safely escapes. There will be no possibility of conflict between him and the kingpin, he has escaped, and is in a safe place. In the middle of this sequence, the boxer wakes again from a horrible dream, presumably, again, of the gold watch. He sees the violence on TV, what the audience expects and wants from these types in conflict. There is no reason for the boxer to leave his safe place – except for this implanted memory, designed for the purpose of him going on what would otherwise be an irrational quest – the retrieval of a simple watch from his house, even if it means great possibility of harm, but which will fulfill the ends of the structure: bringing him into conflict with the kingpin. When I see the boxer wake from his nightmare each time, I see a reaction not just to the memory itself, but that the memory is there almost arbritrarily, alone, in order to drive him into conflict. It is something like a science fiction film, where a character’s memories have been implanted so he acts according to the purposes of some shadowy, sinister group, the character vaguely aware that there is something of design, something not entirely his own, to these memories.
That's it for now, I picked up some pretty cool swag, Some Sword & Sorcery Comics, a book of Encounters, Synnibar!!, and some other stuff. I'll try to post about that later, gotta go do some chores now while their is still some weekend left. I hope you get to get some gaming in this weekend. I gotta say, the past two days of Nerdom have really re-ignited my excitement over gaming.
You can also read an interesting though short interview with the author up at Yahoo News. However this book does on the market, one can only wish Amy Holman Edelman only joy and happiness from now on. And may she and all of you out there who celebrate it have a wonderful Hanukkah - full of light and love and chasing away the darkness.
And it's always a fun day spending it with these two wacky ladies....
Combine warm water, yeast, and sugar. Let stand 10 minutes. Add salt and 3 c. flour. Mix and knead together. Grease bowl and let dough rise for about 1 hr.
I felt like a change from using glitter so I chose to use small green star sequins in the centres of my nails to add some sparkle to my manicure, using a touch of 17 Double Gloss Top Coat.
1 depending
What happens when an unfunded buy-sell agreement has been triggered for a small business? Assume the following:
As you can see, Islamic law permits the believer to utter statements that are not completely truthful, if doing so would accomplish a purpose that is countenanced by sacred law.
Katie stood in front of him now, her hands on her hips. “Because if they can do that to you, they can do it to any of our tutors.”
Further, the email correspondence is enlightening between the Met Office and the government:
It’s yard sale season now! It’s a great place and time to practice bartering skills and picking up cheap but valuable items. Part of my preps are acquiring items the majority of folks take for granted but will have huge value in an economic collapse situation. Fire, water, smokes, salt, spices, sanitation/hygiene items, etc. are just a few things that will buy me things I need and can’t produce myself in a SHTF event. Below, Tess Pennington pens her advice on items to stock for bartering. Don’t think it can happen here. Look at Greece. Spain is soon to follow.
Rumors about UFO’s being photographed by SOHO have been circulating for a long while. NASA would not comment on those rumors or blame irregularities during the transmission of digital images to Earth.
PAPOUTSAKIA 13
If he never again had to breathe in the fumes of smoldering coal and burning straw, Tobias reckoned he could be a happy man. The only way he knew to fix that was to find another trade. The village, he knew, wouldn't let him. They needed the things he made, that was true. But not as many of the villagers were willing to help out now and again. Not as many would want to get soot ground in their skin to do something useful. The smith scratched the back of his head with the tongs, wondering at the willingness of others to have someone else be saddled with the dirty work.
Palmer commissioned Chinese company CSC Jinlin Shipyard to build the life-sized and fully functional replica of the White Star Line’s infamous ship. He also enlisted the help of a historical research team in drawing up the plans for the vessel, which is set to have the same dimensions as the original Titanic, mirrored interior woodworking and exact reproductions of the original staterooms in the ships interior.
I will try and get round to your blogs as soon as my internet is up and running again.
Everyone on twitter thinks that they did it. The morons who repeatedly tweeted companies who have never advertised in the NOTW, ordering them not to .. err .. advertise in the NOTW.
Bartlett
Even though your silicon-based husband Willard would've already sunk his campaign without your help, you really, seriously, truly, honestly just need to shut the fuck up because you are simply a cunt. You are a gimlet in both inner ears, Nosferatu fingernails clawing forever on freshly cleaned glass or blackboards, that cat hair or two in the eyeball. You are an outrage and an embarrassment even to other rich, monster-fucking cunts like Hilary Rosen.
Original Air Date: Jan 16, 2012
-the reason I can't "fix" my perfectionism problem is because it's not mine to fix. Huh? Well, we all know that we model our parents growing up...and sometimes pick up their traits and stuff. Well, my father has always been a type-A perfectionist and I was expected to excel at everything. The pressure that I felt since them led me to believe that I was a perfectionist....a lazy perfectionist because I just froze up and didn't do anything!! Diane helped me to realize that I AM NOT A PERFECTIONIST! Holy Shit! All these years worrying, wasting energy and not doing what I wanted to do because I couldn't do it perfect....when I really don't care that much at all. And let me tell you, she was right... because now that I've let go of that, I feel so FREE, HAPPY and ALIVE.
I just bought Peppermint Mocha creamer from CoffeeMate (refrigerated section). De-lish! I love the Gingerbread and Eggnog ones too. Yummy stuff!
Either way, I had fun with it and I look forward to having more fun trying out other projects including some of my favourites, the sock monkey cupcakes, the high heel shoe cupcakes and the ‘Night of the Living Dead’ cupcakes …okay, so I’m still focusing too much on cupcakes. That will change, soon enough.
I do have a gun post in mind. Another mystery challenge.
They removed a significant portion of his large and part of his small intestine and had it siloed with his intestine sticking out of his stomach for about a month. It was so hard seeing my son like that. He ended up getting very ademic because of the fluids he was given. He tripled in size and his skin was so tight that he couldn’t move. A couple weeks into it, we had a scare because air was in his silo, so another surgery was given to find the cause, but it turned out to be a leak in the bag. At the end of January he got closed up and was given a colostomy bag to give his intestines more time to heal. He was intubated this whole time, and February 9, it was decided that a tracheotomy was necessary because he was not breathing well on his own.
“Got a decent skirt my size in your house? No way I’m going out in this one, it’s filthy now.”
detriment. I suspect it would not be lawful to suspend or remove
My blog has evolved over the last two years considerably. It may not have grown with a ton of followers and I am far from being a blog “celebrity”, but I love the content of what I share with my readers. My love of photography has been renewed and grown. My love of nature has been captured many times. What others may have seen as mundane moments have become magical to me through the lens of a camera. I think that is what is wonderful for me about blogging…taking the time in the simplest moments to see beauty and for that today I am grateful.
HAI: What’s the biggest influence on gold right now? Is it all this sovereign debt?
I was in a great mood. No more pain and still contracting every 2-4 minutes. I liked watching the contractions on the screen. It was cool to know I was having them and not feel them. At some point I asked James and my dad to go get my straighter out of the car so I could fix my hair ( the nurses put a wet rag on my head when I didn't feel good and it was all wavy).
But before the bill to create two new Mojave national monuments has even had its first hearing, the California Democrat has largely achieved her aim. Regardless of the legislation’s fate, her opposition means that few if any power plants are likely to be built in the monument area, a complication in California’s effort to achieve its aggressive goals for renewable energy.
Tomorrow promises another glimpse of hope to see
Rnd 6) ch1, sc in first st, * ch5, skip next 4sts, sc in next st, repeat from * around to last 4sc, ch2, dc in to top of first sc. (this will make it so you are in the middle of a chain section)
Please tell me you do this, too!
She got tired of standing in her bed so she sat down and then decided she really was tired. It looked pretty uncomfortable so we helped her lay flat but I'm sure she would have just stayed that way for a while.
Secondly, in my last post, I mentioned that I was doing an assignment that might interest you guys: a few paragraphs of descriptive writing about Japan. The assignment for my creative writing class was to devote a paragraph each to three different places you had been- just open up and write every detail you can remember about them, no matter how long-winded it becomes (kiss of death for me, if you know my writing style!) A few people expressed interest, so I figured, since it's kiiiiinda relevant (is there really anyone here who isn't a Japonophile?), I may as well tack it on to this housekeeping post!
When Sen. Trillanes thrown his hard hitting line: You have no reputation to protect. He had not only traumatize us but had also caused pain (and destruction) to intricate social web (of family and friends).
How can there be peace without us knowing each other?
As well as sheer it was also gloopy - joy.
Extracts:
So who are these ‘Professional Cyclists’?
- Jana Greene
1) Eat something green and leafy every day. Even if it's just a salad, I plan to eat a green leafy vegetable daily in 2012. Expect to see even more greens on this blog because I need new ideas to make them delicious.
She has a point. For a Catholic to marry the heir to the throne (who will henceforth be the oldest child, rather than the oldest son) s/he would almost certainly have to marry in the Church of England as s/he would be marrying the future "Defender of the Faith" and head of that sect. I'm not completely clear on this, but wouldn't that be an invalid marriage for a Catholic? And if you're a Catholic willing to participate in an invalid marriage then, surely, you're not that bound to your faith? So is today's news that a Catholic will soon be able to marry the heir to the throne, or that a lapsed / ex- / lukewarm Catholic will be able to marry the heir to the throne? Unless, of course, as my seven-year-old speculated, the Catholic may have ulterior motives and manage to convert the monarch and return England to her earlier and happier state as Mary's Dowry...
Every. Single. Scene.
Terminal / Wound Ballistics is a multifaceted field on its own, which can take many years of study, practical experience, and extensive research to master. Incidentally, one of the world’s leading experts in this field is Dr. Vincent J. M. Di Maio, an American pathologist and author of Gunshot Wounds: Practical Aspects of Firearms, Ballistics, and Forensic Techniques (1992) (2e: 1999) ISBN: 978-0849381638.
As I am working on this project, I will also post pics of the many cards I have made over the last few months and not taken the time to add them to my blog. Sorry about that.
And if I should happen to actually miss a call, then as soon as I realise – I’m all over it like a cheap suit, frantically calling in an attempt to fix the ‘breakdown’ in comms that took place .. because heaven forbid he should experience what I loathe, after all!
ECO STATIONS: There are three Eco Stations in Edmonton: one in Ambleside, one in Coronation, and one in Strathcona. These buildings are a place where one can bring in household hazardous waste (which includes paint, motor oil, batteries, herbicide, lightbulbs, cleaners, etc), electrical appliances (toasters, old computer monitors, power tools, etc), old sofas and other furniture, and just normal recyclables (paper, cans, old clothes, etc)! You can also take home some free paint and bags of compost mixture. If you have old, broken props, leftover building supplies, or even a drill that won’t work anymore, take it to an Eco Station!
One of my good friends withdrew from the university and left due to plethora of personal reasons. I understand her reasons and she is much happier now that she is at home and I am glad that it all worked out for the best. She hit her limit. I, on the other hand, continue to be tested and say keep them coming. It will take a lot more than being homeless twice, being broke, and being injured to dampen my wanderlust.
She never spoke to me in words. Her expression was one of contained joy, waiting to share something with me. Once again, I felt myself becoming nervous, not knowing what to do or say. I was literally dumbfounded. What could or should I say to this amazing being? I stood there like a child. After a moment, she widened her expressive eyes as if in an inquiry. I felt even more at a loss, as if I had failed a test of understanding something she was trying to get me to see. I smiled and tried to show that I did not know what she was expecting from me. Her smile widened some more and then she opened her hand and showed me something lying there. It was a coin.
One of the ongoing conversation that we have in this country is what to do with our youth. How do we develop them into the next generation that will continue this country’s legacy of greatness? This conversation normally begins with the home. Are mom and dad both serving as shining examples of what that productive citizen should be? Someone who provides shelter, guidance, food, spiritual growth and unconditional love. Is both mom and dad even there?
Yes, this is most interesting part. I learned a lot during this journey.
I am thrilled and honored to be guest posting today! When Aubrey asked me to share a little about what makes our house a home, I was really excited. I really do feel like our house has become a really special place for us . . . but I haven't stopped to reflect on the how or why that happened. This has given me the chance to do so. So let me share with you what we have done to accomplish that.
so I didn't attempt it myself.
In addition to being amazed why any celebrity would choose to be on this show, I am amazed at how seriously they seem to take this crap! Watching their vicious, backstabbing antics, you would think they are in a life and death struggle to gain a spot on the Titanic’s last lifeboat. Seriously, dear friends, are we to believe this vile bile spewed by the celebrities all over us and the other contestants is for real? Which makes me wonder, is this entire program a gag–one giant put on? Are we the stooges in a scripted drama where the villains and good guys are determined in advance? Did last night’s loser, Lou Ferrigno, out of sight of the cameras, removed the many knives that Lisa Lampanelli stuck in him and then take her out for drinks and dinner? One day will The Donald say to all of us, April Fools! Goodness, I hope so. I would rather be a part of a giant conspiracy where the joke is on me, then believe I live in a country where pseudo-celebrities would trash and bash each other on national television in order to win a pseudo-award and gain the pseudo-approval of a power-hungry (but I’m sure, nice) real estate mogul.
79 is a typical BSF house by which I mean it’s built with great care and lots of quality but has the standard layout and nothing that makes me covet it. Whether its new price will convince you that you need this house is, of course, up to you. Certainly there are a lot of homes in the $5.5-$7.5 range to choose from, so take your pick and drive your bargain.
You can see it in my eyes.
I recently got an email from www.cricutmachine.com stating they were having a sale on over 70+ Cricut cartridges. They had 4 of them under $15.00 each!! Whoo Hoo! So I bought 2 of them. I bought Mini Monsters and Cindy Loo. Oh my gosh, they are great cartridges. Lots and lots of images to cut out. And the Cindy Loo cartridge has a font on there too! BONUS!
When I was only about eight or nine my sister and her friend introduced me to cigarettes down in her friend’s basement, behind the water heater.
Nevertheless, the condemnation of men sleeping with men and women with women seems clear enough, and I hope it’s not a controversial idea to try to figure out what Paul would have meant when he wrote those words – what he expected his audience to take away from his comments.
I get this question quite frequently. Its not that M doesn't know what I like...I just am cheap. Horribly cheap. Wait, that sounds horrible. I'm frugal. Ugh, even worse. Example: When M asks what I want I say one of the lame answers:
To support ATM, Network Driver Interface Specification (NDIS) has been updated with ATM commands. Because many applications do not yet use ATM services, Windows Server 2003 includes support for LAN Emulation (LANE) for LAN applications, such as Ethernet. Similarly, IP over ATM support has been added, eliminating the additional header cost of LAN packets. Winsock 2.0 native ATM has also been added to support the many applications that use Windows Sockets (Winsock).
Someone commented on yesterday's 8" square card that it must be huge and indeed that is true - originally I thought it would be about 1/3 bigger than the normal 5.5" square; but when I actually thought about it logically I realised that the surface area is 400cm2 as opposed to just over 210cm2 on a normal sized card - so it's nearly twice as big!!
Unfortunately we had one heck of a rainstorm this afternoon, and about where I’m standing, is the drain that was supposed to handle all that water. It’s about 15cm in diameter, maximum. It just wasn’t cut out for the job I’m afraid.
I took the car out for a ride to charge the battery up. All AOK now!
Place Where the Sea Remembers ~ by Sandra Benitez (Mexico)
I know my life will be over the day I don one of those wearable blankets. Sure, the idea tempts me when I'm glued to the couch watching The Voice (Joel, in case you're reading, - I had no idea you were so charming), but I WILL STAY STRONG.
On the backside of this Pat Ellis still there is a small typewritten blurb that says: "SATIN AND SEQUINS. PATRICIA ELLIS wears this daring gown in the Warner Bros comedy BROADWAY JOE. The high wasted skirt is of black sequins moulded to the figure (blogger edit: no shit!) and showing a brief fan shaped train. The backless brassiere style upper half is made with a halter neckline set with an enormous jeweled clip fashioned in a double crescent design."
2/3 c. nuts or chocolate chips (optional) (I omitted)
OK, OK, here's a card finally! My desk is all cleaned off and neat so I had to make a card today before getting back to my scrapbook table for the evening. I decided to try my hand at the Pals Paper Arts sketch and used the Paper Players color challenge while I was at it. Thought I could probably use a few more Christmas cards and love finding non-Christmas sets to use and experiment with.
An overvalued exchange rate, high taxes and other costs have kept industrial production flat in Brazil for the better part of two years, despite an economic boom in other areas of the economy such as consumer spending.
Sam's mum nearly died. I could read her lips as she mouthed "You shouldn't wear those." I think she looked around for an emergency sock vending machine, so grave was my sartorial error.
We hopped on the Metro, made the connection to the Dave Ballard line, and emerged, finally, into a sunny spring afternoon. We were on Rue St. Dominique, by a flower-filled park and a stunning view of the absolutely gigantic Eiffel Tower. We found our hotel, on Rue Amelie, checked in, dumped our bags, changed our sweaty clothes, and headed back out to find Erik.
To make a profit for the organisation that sponsors the prize. This may be a commercial venture or a social enterprise venture.
After looking through the rough sketches my publisher, Orchard Books, were concerned that Nessie was not entirely consistant throughout. They also wanted her to look a little more rounded and appealing. So I have revised her a little, as you can see in these sketches. She's much more of a character now...
Eisenhower lacked all of these. His Army career did not train him for the methods of political power. He disliked political gamesmanship. He sought national unity rather than any substantive goals. His self-confidence depended upon his self-image as a statesman who stayed above the fray, and thus failed to help him assess the power stakes in his choices.
It made me angry. I wanted document this--to show what life is like for Egyptians, not allowed to seek change through any means in their own government. I cautiously took a few photos from a nearby building. When I knew I had at least a couple of photos documenting the event, I pushed it just enough to get caught.
And you're here in my heart
I have my positive, now what?
He was more blatant this time. He turned, standing square to face my approach, ensuring his pathetic peanut of a penis was unabasheldy visible. His fist jerked frenetically as he watched me. He looked hunted.
and of course a quickly approaching trip to the Rockies has me even
In the A to Z Blog Challenge, I am blogging today with a focus on the letter f. F is for Findings. What are findings?
Unrequited love feels awful. Please love your body. It loves you ever so much, and it treasures those moments when you let it know the feeling and respect are mutual. Your body can live on Love. Did you know that? Laughter may be the best medicine, but Unconditional Love trumps all.
Then the flogging, mostly on my back, one set on my bottom. All too soon, even at my advanced age...He had finished with the flogger. My next favorite, over His knee for a lovely hand spanking. Of course, Master cannot hand spank, without letting His fingers roam after each set, so by the end of the hand spanking, I was nearly floating.
Banana Man: At an undisclosed location. In Banana Republic.
Randi is ready to reclaim her life as an up and coming rock star, after an eleven month hiatus spent wallowing in seclusion. Still raw from the savage beating her mentor received and its long term effects on them both, she comes up with a plan so cunning you could stick fur on it and call it a weasel.
A very sweet friend was helping me out of a pickle...
As you might figured I wear a lot of grey,white and black things today, but I just couldn’t resist wearing something bright with it to make it pop. I am wearing this awesome blue lipstick from Glam Affair that was released (among a lot of other gorgeous colours) together with the Leah skin. The lipsticks are just 99L$ so it is absolutely worth it to get a few of your favorite colours.
i caught a cold from work. all that hand sanitizer and we still spread germs like wildfire. unfortunately, there was also a stomach bug going around and i think i've caught that too. :(
1 remaining
“What do you mean throw me out again?” I ask.
We start with the unnecessarily fanservicey awakening of Mana. The crystals somehow give her EGL clothing. These crystals sure are versatile. What an excellent start to this, Inori’s more-naked-than-usual body.
Aside from the obvious angles of inappropriate behaviour and taking the tax payer for a rider, the episode shines a light on other areas of welsh political life that are rarely under scrutiny, the cosy relationships between political lobbyists, the media and Welsh politicians – ask yourself what would the reaction in Westminster be if a UK Government backbencher went to a well known lobbyists birthday party, got drunk, took a stranger back to their hotel room, carried on drinking and created a fracas in a 5 star London hotel in the early hours of the morning and you’ll see what I mean about the cosy arrangements.
It appears I'm in a Muay Thai/MMA/Crossfit mecca from my locale here in Phuket. And while this post is a bit delayed in coming, I feel it's still worth it in order to show exactly what I mean. Hence, the BBQ Beat Down from Tiger Muay Thai. They host the BBQ along with the Muay Thai and MMA bouts the last Saturday of every month.
Swamp sharks are a species of shark that has adapted to the brackish and freshwater conditions found in coastal marshes. Their adaptations allow them to venture further into the headwaters of coastal rivers and bayous and many have begun to use these areas as nurseries for the pups. Full grown swamp sharks range in 8 to 11 feet in length and can weigh up to 700 lbs. Skin tones are brownish-gray to dark green, giving them natural camouflage in the muddy waters of the swamp. Swamp sharks are usually solitary predators (85%) but are occasionally encountered in pairs (15% chance). They attack by rushing their prey from concealment, biting their victim to shear off flesh, and then move past their prey to devour the mouthful of meat. They turn and make another pass two or three rounds later.
Yeah sure, WotC turned their back on the old school crowd when they released 3.0, 3.5 and 4e. Yeah sure, their first and foremost focus is to make a profit, just like any other company, big or small - if they want to stay in business. Yeah sure, they're bound to pump out numerous volumes of splat to keep those funds rolling in. And yeah sure, the owner of WotC, Hasbro, probably doesn't give a stuff if D&D lives or dies, or becomes something totally not D&D, just as long as WotC remains viably profitable.
Thank you so much to the 14 people who have asked me to carry on. I will continue to follow your blogs. I had 203 followers. 4 have jumped ship already. It sort of says it all.
* video cameras etc. (they can be solid state and consumer grade, tripods, lights)
1326
Wash and dry carrots and celery. Peel and slice
The result was some rather topsy-turvy looking cakes - all different sizes. I do wish I had used muffin cases as I think they make for a more impressive cupcake but hey-ho. The frosting was butter mixed with icing sugar, cider vinegar and cream cheese. I decorated the cakes with chocolate sprinkles, but would have liked some red sugar, as suggested in 'the book', however, this delicacy was not to be found in your average supermarket on a Sunday afternoon.
MH: You've been quite busy on the anthology front lately with two really interesting line-ups. First you have Swords & Dark Magic, which looks to be quite an authoritative look at the Swords & Sorcery genre from the last 50 years albeit with all-original stories. And you also have With Great Power..., which is a awesome line-up of authors taking on superheroes in prose form. How did the process for selection and procuring the stories differ? Was it easier or harder to work with a co-editor as you are doing with Swords & Dark Magic?
Preheat oven to 180 degrees celsius. Grease and line a round cake tin.
The current system of conventional compulsory schooling makes a lot of noise. Whether it's the re-working of a failed national policy or the absurd politics of textbook content or the crime of doodling on desks, what happens in the schools reverberates through our culture in ways that make the system seem so monolithic and all-consuming there appears to be nothing it does not ultimately touch.
I liked this look a LOT. Most people who saw it only viewed it as red-on-black, but I knew about the lovely red sparkle in For Bitten.
I finally have an excuse for not posting. Childbirth.
At about the 27 second mark, some curious action occurs. A fellow wearing a white cowboy hat comes into the frame. He lifts a cupped hand to his mouth and just as the individual closest to him walks by, leans in and spouts something.
Wine/water glasses: Libbey/Rock Sharpe, "3006-9" (circa 1945)*
Level 23: MP Cost: 28, Damage: 325%, Number of Attacks: 4, 33% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 23% for 86 seconds. The last attack is critical.
Does the thought of eating bugs sound appetizing to you? The thought of it actually makes me a bit queasy. Sadly, you may be eating bugs more often than you thought!
What formed the genesis of your latest project, Yellow?
be picking my favorite card or project after each challenge and that winner will have a special guest spot as a designer on a future Sweet Sunday Challenge. I'm SO excited about this! You can enter as many different cards as you'd like before the following Friday deadline, so get stampy!
I know a lot of you have been waiting for this pattern and finally it is available again, in my new book "Sabine Lippert's beaded Fantasies"
But most of all my friends were planning menus for Book Club dinner, shopping for Book Club nibbles and spending the week beforehand cooking in a competitive frenzy.
What is a good sized town?
Andrew - (my oldest nephew) tells me that he guessed we have $600.00 so far! I sure hope he's right! :)
Shannon Nollet: “The Avengers, unlike some of the earlier superhero stories, gives a female a strong role. Not only is the Black Widow human, but she is able to fight the aliens just as well, if not better, than her male companions. No longer are the women simply the damsel in distress or doting love-interest. In Whedon’s The Avengers, women fully take part in the action.”
We ask you all with Love and appreciation in our hearts to begin to recognize, appreciate and Love the elemental aspects of your world at this time.
Ooh! Next I've seen a small hat. I don't like the small hat. It won't fit on my head! Why is this hat so small? What were they thinking? Stupid hat. Too small.
Smiles returned.
SHOW YOUR TEETH
It takes some moxie for a little person to ride alone for the first time into a quiet arena... and to keep trying even when her horse doesn't want to. It helped that she rescued her number from the goats. That took some courage, too.
I am, therefore, going to draw attention to a few US blogs I read regularly, not because of their coverage of US Law, but because they are thought provoking, direct and address issues which are of universal application to all lawyers – and leave you to explore, should you wish to, the many excellent law blogs in the Blawg Review listing #1-291.
We have First of the month at our neighbors tomorrow night (margaritas), a pot luck on Saturday, my Aunt & Uncle's 50th anni on Sunday. Then Parent/teacher meeting (evaluation for T), Teddy bear picnic (at her new school), volunteering at her school, Picture day for dance recital, Parent/teacher orientation for Kindergarten, 31 party, Kindergarten testing for T, Tara will be the special helper & they'll be celebrating her July b-day, scrapbooking club, Last day of pre-school & graduation, a 1 year old cutie's b-day party, Memorial day parade, Our 6 year anni & strawberry cutting for the strawberry festival. Wow that's a lot. I love being busy, but I wish I wasn't so exhausted all-the-time.
Blizzard Man
Now my love of the classics runs VERY deep and my love of the Underdog was discussed in a previous post ... so this just seemed to run right in line with that...... If you have never read this book... you really must. The Dodger is such a scamp, and a thief and really just a kid looking for love --- in all the wrong places. But true to form Dickens creates a world where he manages to take a lost child and harbor him.
That fact notwithstanding, Thibodeau insisted on putting out a press release about Ska’s “loss” in L.A.
Joe covers topics such as:
It’s fair for opinion to be divided here, but I’m not so sure most audiences members picked up on Weaver’s voice earlier in the film. A lot of people didn’t even recognize her when she narrated Planet Earth (me included). And anyway, it’s Sigourney Weaver. She’s awesome.
After her demonstration, she hung out and signed things, and then she had her hair done again, and met us at the reception.
TOUCH WOOD, MY HEALTH IS GOOD
Such kinds of provocative activities from the part of India have already annoyed Nepalese people and the PBS down here in the United Sates of America showing a film on the Buddha with incorrect information may add more fuel than water in the fire. Lots of Facebook groups angrily campaigning against this step by PBS. We noticed lots of postings there. From these two links ( PBS discussion board and PBS video notice on ”The Buddha”) you could imagine how Nepalese and Buddhists hurt due to this news. Nepalese are peace loving people, but when they hurt they could be explosive as well. Our history tells us this.
*The film is based on a true story as written by French Journalist Jim Caviezel and the experience he had in Iran*
It was an absolute treat to read all of these, but I enjoyed Split by a Kiss and My So-Called Afterlife the most. Both hilarious, but coming from completely different angles. I'll be following up with glowing reviews over the coming weeks while starting on my next TBR pile.
Dispute Avoidance / Dispute Resolution
So Mike, you say. It's nice and all that people are downloading your stuff. But how do downloads of free stuff compare to real, actual for-sale books?
Qwirkle
1997 – Titanic
I HOPE this is in the range of normal for some girls, even if rare. Now I just worry about the increased risk of infection as long as she is in diapers.
He is afraid to be afraid,
Kenny revamped his back four bringing in Agger and Johnson and leaving out Enrique. He also went for Carragher’s experience and moved Agger to left back. As expected Maxi, despite his two goals on Tuesday, missed as the usual suspects returned. I was pleased for Spearing as a Liverpool man (well he’s from the Wirral) starting in this game but was slightly surprised that, despite his indifferent form recently, Enrique wasn’t given a run, playing Agger at left back seemed to be an unnecessary gamble?
Interesting also are the first two of six covenants in the prison-societies of Christian Endeavor:
Want to see what it's like to build your own homemade fuel injection? This blog is dedicated to do it yourself car mods, especially a Megasquirt installation in my 1966 Dodge Dart. You'll also find information about tools, racing, and various mad scientist projects.
It all started last April; and , yes pedants, I know it actually started long before that, but (hint) this isn't a medical textbook.
Script-wise, it also makes a point of giving us examples of comedic takes on The Estranged Lovers Reunion, The Expositional Villain, The Crippling Explosion, The Frantic Scientists/Experts Working To Save Everybody, The Escape From Certain Death, The Screaming Passengers, The Inspirational Speech, The Talking-Up Of The Troubled Hero... it's all here and, honestly, it's pretty funny.
The second thing it will do is give us a framework for teaching skills to young men whether they want it or not. Unlike civilian life, in the army you do what you're told.
The waffles were a hit with the family. In fact, I could not make them fast enough. I was a good thing I set one aside for myself or I would not have gotten a taste. I served the waffles with butter and warm maple syrup.
I got this book suggestion from the New York Times bestseller list. When I need a new book to read, I usually turn to this list for ideas. Overall, if you like books with some litigation/court system, then this is the book for you. I seriously had an “ah-ha” moment…as in I spoke to myself out loud people! Carazy!
You steal away the rain, and just like that
In 2009 a client arrived with prints of shoes by famed “Sex and the City” designer Manolo Blahnik. Friedrich had never heard of him.
175Here all its frailties, all its flames resign,
*Have Home Depot rip down a 4x8 1/2" MDF to use as my base (7") and cap (5") piece. I was also using these pieces in my kitchen so it made sense to buy a whole sheet.
* 3 egg whites
Some of the vital camera equipments include lenses, filters, reflectors, and diffusers, tripod, backpacks and maps etc.
Today, I'm going to share with you about a couple big promotions/contests that the JAWS cleaning products has going on right now. I've written about the JAWS line of cleaning products before and had quite a bit of interest in it, so I'm going to be offering another giveaway, courtesy of JAWS, the Just Add Water System!
2)Stand in the long queue for at least fifteen- twenty minutes. Sometimes even half an hour, considering if it's a very prominent temple.
Next Thursday is his next cycle of chemo and next spinal tap so we are really hoping the next one won't hit him as hard as this one has.
1/2 block firm tofu, cut into 1/2” cubes
4. Keep it pacy and/or gripping, make every chapter ending a cliff hanger or a critical question.
Now that they are gone ~ I wonder did it really happen? I must pinch myself awake.
I have been using a very soft water profile for my pislners. The last two batches I brewed using 100% distilled water with minimal salt/mineral additions. For this batch I used 30% distilled water mixed with my already relatively soft tap water. In the mash I added a small amount of CaCl for calcium and 1ml of lactic acid to lower the mash pH.
*And other than, perhaps, gorillas or baboons, we’re particularly sexually dimorphic amongst our close relatives.
Whisk in the sugar and vanilla until blended.
The hiatus may serve his market in the long run, since the appearance of rarity tends to whet collectors' appetites. But for now, his switch from ubiquity to virtual absence is hard to miss. In this latest round of sales, he only had one piece on offer in the important evening sales held by Sotheby's and Christie's. Sotheby's got $782,500 for his 2006 "The Trees the House," which uses butterflies to recreate the look of a stained-glass window. Two years ago, his major butterfly pieces were selling for as much as $4 million a piece. A spokeswoman for the Gagosian Gallery, which represents Mr. Hirst, said his paintings and sculptures are selling well privately, including a show last fall in New York that "sold out."
The Business Revelation offers small business owners a variety of Human Resource Management functions so that they can focus on revenue producing endeavors. For more information, contact The Business Revelation at info@thebusinessrevelation.com or call (501) 278-5122. You can visit The Business Revelation at www.thebusinessrevelation.com.
Have been pretty crazy busy with school despite my favorite holiday…. Sigh… However I have managed to have a little fun here and there. This year I am dressed up as Applejack from My Little Pony Friendship is Magic. What can I say my good old favorite G1 comes back as a pretty nifty G4.
The only character who displays any real emotion is Jonas. He spends the episode bonding with Ayiana. He is the only one who mourns her loss when she finally succumbs to the strain of using her healing abilities. There is a definite feel here that Jonas is directly taking over Daniel’s job of sympathizing with the guest star of the week, particularly when no one else appears to care, and serving as his or her adamant advocate. That is not a bad thing, but the impression I get is there is not going to be much effort made in creating a unique persona for Jonas. Not only does he act like Daniel, he quotes Daniel’s research chapter and verse. One might consider he is doing this on purpose to better fit in--the SG-1 team still misses Daniel--but from a production perspective, Corin Nemec is playing a copy of Michael Shanks, either because the production, fans, or both are wishing he never left.
Panda Express:
Julia E. Sweig – The Daily Beast, 04/24/2012
2. I would recommend using a serrated steak knife to cut the squash in half. Then place a half on a plate and nuke it in the microwave for 5 minutes or so, and do the same with the other half. Beware: the pieces are extremely hot after being microwaved (clearly I have a Ph.D. in Thermodynamics) so handle with caution.
which means there are always holiday parties.
Even with all the time spent and preparation, you still need luck to win. The player right next to me opened both a Griselbrand(B) and Bruna, light of alabaster(M) with an awesome card pool. I just had a suboptimal card pool that coudn’t play anything other than it’s rares’s color, like so many others at the prerelease. So I finished with a mediocre 6/5 win rate over five matches. I won some games by curving from a turn three Angel’s tomb(A) into a turn four Druid’s familiar(G). By stacking you’re triggers correctly, the bear can pair with the angel and will stay bounded even if it reverts to an artifact. Wolfir silverhearth(G) won by pairing on a simple Bucher ghoul(B). It is so powerful! But I was most impressed by the loner mechanism since I was forced into that. Demonic rising(B)’s best friend is Bone splinters(B) and it is surprisingly easy to end your turn with only a single creature. I could still play lots of soulbond in my deck and be able to trigger the Rising every time it came out or gain tons of life to Homicidal seclusion(B). Driver of the dead(B) was really weak, just a plain 3/2 for 4. There was not enough 2 mana quality creatures in the set to make it awesome, although it did curve well as a virtual vanilla. The most obvious target, Bucher ghoul(B), never stayed in the grave long enough to get raises. I lost many games to Angelic armaments(A) and didn’t have the luck to find an Eaten by spiders(G) to deal with it. This equipment was really strong, once on a paired Nearheath pilgrim(W) and another time on a really annoying Dark imposter(B). Good time.
Reese Witherspoon (Election)
Another second and I’m still here
We arrived in DC around 4:30pm EST (10:30am in Hawaii) and I was a mess. We forced ourselves to stay awake and go to sleep at a normal time which was not easy. I don’t think I was speaking in complete sentences, and when I went to make coffee, I forgot to add the actual coffee.
Verdict: I will let my sample age a little bit and see what happens. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes tea scents.
3. Any official identity document
The right amount of light is iven by a certain combination of time and aperture, corresponding to a certain shutter time. The EV exposition values, indicates the lighting of the framed subject through a scale of numbers, the table on above shows the combinations time-aperture and the corresponding EV.
I wasn't too impressed with the flavor. The batter tasted good, but topped with this chocolate-whatever, it was so sweet that eating it would probably result in a diabetic coma. And I don't even have diabetes. So I stripped the cupcake and ate its lower parts only.
Father God, I love You so much today. Thank You for Your Word which is truth and water to my soul. Search me, know me and guide me in the way that I should go as I stay focused on You and planted in Your Word in Jesus name. Amen.
3. Opt for faith over religion.
A crust punk eating potato chips takes an interest in the Canterbury Tales and stands near the student, following the reading. Another crusty in bright orange hair joins them and eagerly introduces her newly acquired pet rat to the student. Christian meet Chaucer with crusties. It is like a family reunion.
cards from there and put together my own makeshift
Production Code: 4.7
12And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood;
From Humor to Sarcasm. Children tend to delight in the humorous poetry that many children’s poets write. Once your students have tried their hand at writing humorous poetry, push them to the next level: writing sarcasm. Since sarcasm is often a difficult concept for children to grasp, scaffold their attempts by clearly defining what sarcasm is, comparing and contrasting sarcastic poems with humorous ones, and then encouraging students to locate examples of sarcastic poetry in the humorous poetry they already know. Shel Silverstein and Jack Prelutsky, both noted for their adroitness with humor have sarcastic poems in many of their collections. It often helps to begin with a topic or character they know well, such as a popular fairy tale character, and then showing how if that character makes a sarcastic remark, s/he is really saying it to be funny.
Hello everyone on this very dark, very wet Monday morning.
Never Kosher is the trait of Negativity.
‘We need to know what the …….
Obama’s re-election campaign has put Clinton on notice that he will be used as a top surrogate, further evidence of how far the two camps have come since the bitter days of the 2008 Democratic primary between Obama and Hillary Clinton, now his secretary of state.
I felt bad reading it and wished there was something
As you can see it isn't opaque, it's quite patchy. Having said that it isn't bad, the coverage for the most part is fair, no worse than the average lipstick but certainly not any more opaque than average.
So make sure you click back early next week as there will be some wonderful bargains to be had. If you have ever been to one of our annual Black & Spiro sales at the store you will know that I'm pretty ruthless when it comes to my markdowns!!
The majority of us do not condone any act of violence on our streets and I hope the police will bring to book those responsible for the fracas on April 28.
2. I love the way your face breaks into a smile when you are happy.
Recruitment.
to fully embrace you
I: Allegro non troppo (1-3) ~ II: Andante,un poco adagio (4-5) ~ III: Scherzo (6-7) ~ IV: Finale: Poco sostenuto - Allegro non troppo (8-10)
That's me at 2:24 and 3:50 leh. Steady right? Eh cut me some slack! Not bad la for a first timer! ;)
now the new ace2 has got 4gb internal memory where as the oldie was having 158mb of space
To many, this might seem perfectly fair. Indeed! And it’s not like there isn’t a precedent, even for cycle-aficionados…
Pushkar Temple-
Grandma was a hands on person, she showed her love by serving. For a time she worked in the V.A. hospital treating old soldiers with respect, cheering them up with her ever-present smile, washing their old tired bodies and keeping them comfortable. For years she watched over and took tirelessly care of my grandfather when he was battling Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease. I remember one time she went over to my other grandmother’s house, Grandma Shultz was wheelchair bound at the time, and gave her a decent bath. Humility and love was wrapped up in her tall, fair-skinned, Norwegian body.
27. Dynamics - Brothers On The Slide (4:05)
19) Le Bernardin (New York)
Did she climb into
Specifically for those who refuse to warm up into a lather and would rather roll their groin muscles out before a program (Hint- Normal peeps? Seriously get “moist” before you try this on for size today…Your soft muscle tissue will thank you tomorrow!
were listed at the end of the performance, it seemed as
In October, the first bomb exploded – Call of Duty: Elite – PC version delayed and no premium! – The suspect had been that there would be still some bugs to fix in the project “Elite”. The conjecture that the PC once again pending the back must have been then confirmed with the removal of the PC from the Elite FAQ. The closer the release of Call of Duty: World at War drew 3, the more the release date of Elite for the PC shifted to the rear. Until today – five months after its release – there are still no concrete date, and it raises the question whether the additional service will ever be released for the PC and if so, whether there is still third on Modern Warfare 3.
2x fillets of pollock or any filleted white fish such as haddock
Paris: If you mean am I going to become a wallflower ... Hell no!
Once your fryer is up to temperature (175° - 190° C), drain and dry as many apple slices required for the order. Dust them lightly with the flour and submerge them into the batter. Allow any excess to drip off before placing into the oil.
The Devil Rides Out is unusual Hammer fare vastly different than their usual monster flicks. Horror fans would probably like it more if it were remade today with modern special effects. As it is, one has to have a certain suspesion of disbelief. Even with the Bob Jones university brainwashing of my youth, I barely got a chill beyond the giant spider. Then again, I am not fond of the eight legged critters in the first place.
As I have got older I tend to get up earlier. So around seven I am straight down to the kitchen to make coffee, which is very important. The rich oily smell of the fresh coffee is an essential thing and I stand happily over the chugging machine and breathe it in as it flows. After breakfast I cross the seventy feet or so of garden to my shed, which I refer to, pretentiously harking back to a romantic vision of a non existent Old Russia, as my Dacha. I am very fond of this little mint green building and feel very happy when I am inside it and things can begin.
Notes Inspired from the Farm:
In the video interview, hosted in the United States, Monckton was asked his opinion of the British Freedom Party (at 28m.11secs in).
That facility to switch fluidly between modes and moods, with equal commitment to each, is part of the fun. As ever, Frisell is a master of guitar effects, and a cunning user of dynamics. There is never a dull moment. Critically, you could probably write a book about a Frisell set. Dichotomies abound: Urban/rural, simple/complex, traditional/avant garde, tonal/atonal, primitive/postmodern, genre/pastiche would all get a chapter. My take is that he makes elements of the avant garde palatable for those who might not partake, mainly through being warm and approachable, sharp and spiky by turns. But never too much of either. The audience understands: we may be going quite far out from safe territory here, but don’t worry, there will be another great tune along in a minute.
“Let’s say I’m in a nudist colony,” he explained. “It’s only a matter of time before I see an attractive woman who gives me a stiffy, which would be pretty embarrassing when I‘m naked. Putting a rubber on it would protect me from staring eyes.”
“A Little Respect”
Given that it’s the product of my grey matter it’s got enough to contend with.
For as long as we’ve lived in this house, I’ve had a thorn in my side…that I may have mentioned one or 437 times.
A Wolf, meeting with a Lamb astray from the fold, resolved not to lay violent hands on him, but to find some plea to justify to the Lamb the Wolf's right to eat him. He thus addressed him: "Sirrah, last year you grossly insulted me." "Indeed," bleated the Lamb in a mournful tone of voice, "I was not then born." Then said the Wolf, "You feed in my pasture." "No, good sir," replied the Lamb, "I have not yet tasted grass." Again said the Wolf, "You drink of my well." "No," exclaimed the Lamb, "I never yet drank water, for as yet my mother's milk is both food and drink to me." Upon which the Wolf seized him and ate him up, saying, "Well! I won't remain supperless, even though you refute every one of my imputations." The tyrant will always find a pretext for his tyranny.
Hogan catches up with RVD, he decides to put RVD in a Three-Way match with Mr. Anderson and Jeff Hardy.
Episode 422 – “Win, Lose, or Draw” – IT’S ELECTION NIGHT IN PAWNEE — PAUL RUDD (“KNOCKED UP”) AND KATHRYN HAHN (“STEP BROTHERS”) GUEST STAR. It’s election day in Pawnee, and Leslie (Amy Poehler) and Bobby Newport (Paul Rudd) are separated by a razor-thin margin. While everyone waits with Leslie for the race to be called, they ponder their futures, and their new opportunities. Rashida Jones, Nick Offerman, Aziz Ansari, Chris Pratt, Aubrey Plaza, Jim O’Heir and Retta also star.
I've used one of the gorgeous Pollycraft cuties from the Swings & Slides set. I love all the images in the sets Paula has released, it's such a hard decision which one to colour when I go to them.
Nov-25 Phoenix, AZ US Airways Center On Sale Soon
There's also enough food in the form of whole hog roast and bratwurst to keep a Munich beer hall munching til morning.
Also, I would very much like to be here more. I miss this place. In truthfulness, when I started this blog, I liked the semi-anonymity of it all. I didn't tell very many people I knew about it. I've become a bit too self-conscious about it, but I don't want that to be a factor so much anymore.... I really likes what Blake said about blogs. I know that I most love blogs that give me a little peak into some one's life. Not the best photos, the best advice, the perfect recipes (although I like those too!). I would like to pop in here regularly for more reflections and anecdotes and ideas and snapshots from my day. I want to record this life that is happening. The good and the not so good.
At first I thought, "Of course. Isn't that common sense?" Initially I was thinking about it in terms of needing to teach them what they are feeling. But, after I contemplated it a little while I came back to the thought that children are born with inherent joy and happiness. I'm encouraging it in my teaching, but I'm not introducing anything new.
The general benefit of the public in such a manner as may be charitable including but not so as to limit the generality of the foregoing the promotion of good relations between people of different races and religions.
Receptionist: No! Actually…………….
Often I hear from writers who are discouraged because their writing has not been published, a query was not picked up, or their manuscript lies in a drawer unfinished. They see themselves up on the podium, a gold medal winner, a published New York Times best seller, but in reality they are not even close.
I woke up at 2:38am with the full moon staring right in my eyes. I so wanted to roll over and go back to sleep, but noooooooo…. instead I hear: get up, we have things to say. So dutiful me drags my butt outta bed, create some coffee, plop in front of my laptop and just stare blankly at it.
Robots In Disguise (UK)
* A Hen in the Wardrobe is your debut children’s book. Was it your first attempt at writing a children’s book or do you have other manuscripts hiding away?
It's the essence of our childhood.
The launch was no small affair, upon arrival I was given the opportunity to preview the Autumn/Winter Swarovski Jewelry collection which was spellbinding. The Chrystal based Jewelry was presented with Middle Eastern influences and the attention to detail and sparkle was visible from afar, it was like being in accessories heaven! Swarovski Element no longer just produce traditional pieces they once did, but have now branched out into Middle Eastern and Asian influenced designs which can be worn with almost any outfit.
It is the fact that despite struggling for a year now, they are still being ruled by a monarchy that has far outlived its time, and remains in power by silencing its people through various means of torture and brutal killings.
The police statement concluded: "We accept, without reservation, the conclusions of Ofcom and apologise to the programme makers for the damage and distress caused by our original press release."
Notice that according to these ethicists, "The only relevant difference between life and death is the existence of abilities", and since anyone who refuses an outside, existing standard may set their own, I'd like to mimic them and set my own standards for ethicists:
I hate to paint. Did I ever mention that? I hate the mess and I hate the process. About halfway into it I begin to question myself and am usually ready to ditch the entire project. But then when I see everything begin to come together I muster up enough enthusiasm to finish what I started and then I, more times than not, love the outcome.
Then we went north to join the staff at Downtown Abbey in food gathering and preparation, laundry, and dog walks. We made a list the first day there also – meals to freeze and meals we’d eat – stock, soup, and beans.
Chilli powder or chilly paste, 1 table spoon or to taste
How cool would it be to see THIS kind of facility take shape when BYU finally tears out it's 60 year old pool facility?! Then the annual State High School Swim championships would REALLY be held in high style. Then Utah county would have a facility equal to that of Davis County's beautiful aquatic center in the Bountiful Recreation center. Then, maybe our city officials could see the advantage of building better than they think we need for our city--and our kids--and our high school.
Father, hallowed be your name,
They managed to get to the side before my car plowed into them (again, no guilt here!).
Normally we forget about one basic necessity: Water. If your cut off from civilization then you may not be able to get clean water, and if things get truly bad here then the water that comes from the tap may no longer be suitable for drinking. There are a few things you can do such as boiling your water, using aqua tablets, but it is best to get a water filter. The one I want to get is: Katadyn Pocket Water Microfilter you can get water from any source and filter via a reserve osmosis process. That way you can have fresh water for you and your family to drink, bath in, and cook with.
She goes on and on about how she “can’t” have children until they’re “ready”. And “ready” in her book means she won’t do it until circumstances are just perfect. For example, she doesn’t want to be a mom unless they can afford for her to quit her job and until they can afford to start a college savings fund for it and until they can move into a bigger house. And at the same time, she claims that being a mother is what she wants most in life. Huh.
Lesson One. Do not become paralyzed by fear of the unknown. The first task was to draw Borrish, and this took some time. I found that although his personality was powerful, and practically human, his features were altogether alien. The proportions had to be just right. So I meticulously drew and succeeded. Then I put Borrish in the drawer because it was time to paint. And I didn't know if I could paint on that size with my little half-pans. I didn't even know if I could cover such a span of white with my masking fluid. There was a lot I didn't know. So all progress stopped. But then one day I decided to proceed. And once I managed to paint and mask the body successfully..
"Is there room for me in there?" she asked.
I will never forget the first time that I accidentally found a coupon/freebie website. I was doing a google search for a coupon for the first time after I watched a daytime talk show and they mentioned a coupon online for a product that I wanted to try. Freebies4Moms came up in the google search. I found the coupon that I was looking for, and for my very first time ever, I printed an Internet coupon! As I started reading Freebies4Moms I saw more printable coupons and how to use them at Walmart to get items Free! I couldn't believe it!
1/2 cup chocolate box cake mix + 1/4 water + 1 minute 20 seconds in the microwave + Vanilla ice cream =
-Norman Rockwell picture anthology
How could researchers from 4 different universities located on the opposite ends of Pacific Ocean, about 9,000km (5,500 miles) apart bluff their way in identical ways, fooling their respective taxpayers into believing they know their science? Is there a common link between Japan earthquake researchers, and their counterparts in Western U.S.?
I helped build numerous castles out of cushions and blankets....
Mimi's Cafe
Next are the sections for Equippable Weapons and Equippable Armors. This is where you will choose which armor and weapons this particular class will be allowed to use. For the sake of simplicity, I will only choose Bows as the equippable Weapons and a leather breastplate for the armor, and Life Ring for the accessory.
S.
Too cluttered for my taste
“I tried to be professional and detach myself from my emotions,” Anna Mackowiak, 34, told the Austrian Times. “But when I saw him lying there I just thought, ‘What a bastard’ and decided to take all his teeth out.”
I asked "Out of everything you have written, what was your favorite?"
11 Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing; and he called his servants, and said unto them, Will ye not shew me which of us is for the king of Israel?
So I'm behind on posting and most likely won't get all the dates up before the end of the project, ie Labor Day, ie tomorrow!, and coming down with a cold the weekend it all ends has not been helping BUT rest assured the project will be completed and posts will be coming....at some point. In the meantime let's finish off our marathon day-date from last Wednesday shall we?
As most woman I also get sold for anything that comes free and on sale, so, I started picking them, but was a bit wary if there would be some creatures around. Despite that, it was too cold that my fingers started getting numb, so I left the idea of picking them. Sad I dint carry my camera with me that day, I couldn’t any pictures of the mussels, mossy rocks etc. But here are few pictures for you that I captured on a bright sunny day, when the tide was high, no shore to be seen and no mossy rocks. It was all under the furious sea. I will share more
new Krylon® Clear Choice Art Scholarships. The new program will award
Now, to date I’ve been to the hospital twice: once as a kid in the ER for a soccer injury when I was about 8, and again when I was about 20, 21 after a vicious dog attack ripped open my arm a bit. I haven’t ever had surgery, broken bones, catheters, none of the scary gritty parts of being in a hospital. So it was all a little nerve-wracking, but having BFE there to take care of me really helped. I cannot imagine what it would have been like going through this alone!
couple chunks fresh ginger
So long my friends,
The look of the store is absolutely crucial. It’s about being that place that everyone wants to be; you need to create that lust. You see that at the top end when Louis Vuitton does an amazing window display with a very famous artist: you’re going into an art gallery as much as you are going into a shop to buy something. Inside the store it is vital to create a distinct brand identity. This will be different for everyone: Reiss always makes their shops look incredibly beautiful, stylish and upmarket; there’s always a lot of space between the hangers so the clothes are easily viewed. In Next, they fill in as much space as possible to say here’s as much choice as possible.
is where and how I exist.
I am America’s Wernicke’s area. I reside in that grey area known as cerebral cortex and usually mostly on the left side. I work to help understand language. Like when legislator’s draft laws. I haven’t been used in a while.
I was in this caverous underground car park in Machynlleth the other day when an alluring woman sidled up to me and said, "Oi, you trying to get away with my motor?" I explained that I had an interest in car locking mechanisms, but she seemed unconvinced, and then her boyfriend hove into view . . . a big lad. "Pericles!" she screamed, "this bastard was playing about with my ascona". In response, her simian paramour grunted something and lifted a threatening knuckle from the floor. As he began ambling towards me I realised explanations would be pointless . . . so I legged it.
Of course, you always have to explain what it means when you get summat done and it ended up sounding a bit lame and pretentious, perhaps it is...who knows...All I know is I've wanted this text on my arm since I was 18, so fuck all you haters!
What we mean by Sustainability is ensuring we’ve developed a health system which enables us to do the right thing, at the right time, in the right place. In particular, this means developing an integrated approach to health services that will build on primary and community services so that people can get treated at home or in the community where appropriate rather than coming into hospital. This, in turn, will allow us at Middlemore to concentrate on providing the high quality complex care that the hospital is equipped for.
This particular ride started the other night when, while channel surfing my cable TV looking for something to amuse me, I decided to watch a bit of True TV’s World’s Dumbest. All was going well, and both I and my son (who was watching the show in his room) were having a great time laughing at all the silliness. That is, until they got around to this clip:
"Yeah, you gotta be five-ten to be an MP. I thought it might have changed by now but no luck."
I had a personal revelation this past summer when a tragedy happened to some friends of mine. I realized that faith can pull you through the darkness and sadness and bring you back into the light. I admired them and their church so much, it I attended services there for awhile. It was a refreshing change from the same old service every Sunday at the Catholic church, with all the sit, stand, kneel etc. At their church there was singing and bands and speakers and praising the Lord, and nobody was self-conscious to show their love for the Lord and each other. Isn’t that what it should be all about????
Given in the light
Schlitz was the top-selling beer for much of the first half of the 20th century. But recipe changes and a series of snafus made the beer — in many a drinkers' opinion — undrinkable, turning what was once the world's most popular brews into little more than a joke.
Needless to say…this…is my new morning cup of JOE. I’m in LOVE!!
what have been the toughest challenge/s for you? The ever challenging “work/life balance” and of course getting my name out there so people know what I do and where to find me.
Thanks so much friends! I will be posting more from the kits... so do not get tired of me!!!
The debate over what XMRV may do to humans continues. But at least in a small group of monkeys, one thing is clear, according to a new study.
So off we went to Ashington, in plenty of time for our 10am appointment. The waiting area was heaving. It seemed everyone else had a 10am appointment, too. We were finally called in to see the surgeon at 11.45. I guess that's about average....
My new-found friendship with carrot milk got my brain ticking, it did. Not surprisingly, it didn't take long for me to take the leap from carrot milk... to carrot ice cream. A little bit sweeter. A tiny bit more decadent. And much, much colder.
Dark soya sauce, a few drops for colouring the dish
Over dinner tonight, she asked me what holiday comes next. I told her that this year, it's Passover. She asked what Passover is. I told her about how our ancestors used to be slaves in Egypt. She asked if she and mama and me were slaves in Egypt. That's a tricky question, because in two weeks, when I start the seder, I will say that we were slaves in Egypt--but now, I feel like I should keep past and present a little more separated. I tell her that if we lived way back when our ancestors did, we would have been slaves with them. We would have had to work all day and been whipped across the back when we felt tired and slowed down. Then I tell her about how Moses went to Pharaoh and go on at some length until our ancestors are on the far side of the Red Sea, free. She askes me again if she and mama and I were there. I say: we would have been. She asks me if her other dad was an "and brother" or "anbrother" or something. I have no idea what she's talking about, but I say sure.
We took the long way around. Leaving home with just small patches of snow around where the plows had piled it up, we went through snow country. At Manning Park Lodge, we stopped for a hot drink, and saw the skiers lined up waiting for the bus to the slopes:
So then, I had to come up with the criteria for this and although kind, funny, intelligent and somewhat emotionally stable (that is relative) all show up on the list, integrity still lands at the very top.
One of the great weaknesses of Republican class politics is their blithe assumption that the entirety of the working class can lift themselves up by their bootstraps into the middle class, that the room exists for no one to be poor; as McDonnell said “we must always be a nation of haves and soon to haves.” This is complete nonsense.
* Rosie turned 5 months old!
The motor housing is solidly attached and
Old “Hunter’s Inn” in the Norwood forest had burned down twenty-three years before the very night Christopher spent there as a guest. From it, only a few ruins remained, which nobody dared to touch, nor even come close, especially at night. Voices were heard from there and, sometimes, lights were seen, dancing in ghostly windows, but no peasants approached the place for fear of its ethereal inhabitants.
He, and others, also have younger, more trim and fit clones used in private, so they can enjoy a day or two of youth, have sex, whatever…I have credible information that Kissinger has a strange kink where he will enter a young clone soul, say age 19, and have sex with another one his clones, age 10-20.
Although Carcassonne does have a bit of Disneyland about it, I'm fascinated by its early history and the Cathar people that populated the area. During the 13th Century the Cathars were considered heretics by the Catholic Papacy and a systematic war was waged against them to the end of their religion and rocky outcrop villages.
We painted another piece of silk in a circular gradation from light to dark. The idea was to fuse a single organic image graded from dark to light on top of the silk. By this time, however, my silk was chattering away and made sure I could see it was a galaxy. And it wanted space ships. Pink and blue space ships.
You're on your way home from work - early, I might add, making this day even better - when you think to yourself, Self, you should make dinner tonight for Sweetie Pie. He'll really appreciate it after all of the long hours he has been pulling lately.
Now obviously, there are no guarantees on how any of this will turn out for me but nothing worth going after (in my opinion) isn't without risk. So I hope you all will stick with me for the EPIC ride I intend to take in 2012. Again, Happy New Year.
Gotta love it when you find something that knocks them out :) Do you want me to tell you what time my wee ones are asleep each night? ;)
More Whites have died in the years under ANC rule than in British concentration camps. More Whites have died since the ANC took over than in all the years they have planted bombs as a terrorist organization, including the soldiers on the Namibia/Angola border.
“The pieces you need, the Phil Kessels, the Jake Gardiners, the Dion Phaneufs, the second line,” he continued. “All those things have been put in place. That’s what can’t be overlooked as you dissect the season. Even a season that’s marked by failure, I think we’re going in the right direction. It’s very hard to see that today.”
The local Total Wine chain for sending yet another store catalog without a single beer coupon. Seems when they first rolled into town there was a dollar off coupon for six packs of beer in the paper every week. Lately? Nothing. Not to worry, I’ll still swing through there to get those rare and unusual things and the odd bargain now and then, too.
For example, I’m an informal country boy. That’s who God made. I’ll never be formal. It’s true that my rough edges need lots of work. But at the core, I’m learning to trust God to use who I am, frailties and all.
Holy Mother Church had all the answers.
Until that moment when I saw her I don't think I had truly believed, despite the 9 months of pregnancy, that I was really going to become a mum, that I was actually having a baby. The euphoria of that reality, of her shear amazingness, stayed with me for days, and I can still summon back traces of the feeling when I reminisce.
Go. You might learn something.
They are set up for Jews all year round which is kind of nice since we are not just seasonal residents. I noticed that they sell Yahrzeit candles which means I don’t have to order them on eBay from now on.
I was so elated with the fact that my body has started to normalize, after only two months of a strict Paleo diet, that I texted friends, and celebrated with the Mr. (You know what I mean.) Wow, a day 14 ovulation, normal as could be!
and in case you want HGTV to know how you feel
- XL Tag Punch #119866
That's about it, it seems. I haven't done anything else. And it rained most of the day.
What The Fires shows, heavily, in ways that make it occasionally tough to read, is, thankfully, not how dangerous data or modeling can be (meaning: this isn’t some oppositional screed), but how relying exclusively on statistical models is the same degree of wild hubris as relying purely on instinct, on feel. Most impressively, though, is how The Fires shows that the problems which led to NYC’s fires in the 1970′s had everything to do with information, specifically its lack. For instance: for all the statistical analysis O’Hagan and his RAND guys could run, they were woefully inexperienced with slum-building fires, those which ravaged buildings which, for instance, had been changed from the original structures in small but critical ways, but which changes hadn’t been registered or inspected.
Brouwerij Lindemans Lindemans Framboise
A “shrewder” neighbor is selected by whatever means to play the prophet. He is wrapped up in the smoking hide of a newly slain bull and taken into the wildest of wilds. He is deposited near a lonely waterfall, at the bottom of a ravine, at the mouth of a cave, or some other strange and wild place and the question is then put to him. He is left alone to consider it while the scenery and the elements quickly twist his imagination into seeing and hearing objects of horror all around. In this setting, he mulls over the question, and whatever is impressed upon him by his exalted imagination passes for the inspiration of the disembodied spirits who haunt these desolate solitudes. He is retrieved the next day, ready to pursue or abandon his fair lady.
As you'll recall from last week I was starting the Harry Potter themed facecloths for the children this week. I put all the names in a tub and hubby pulled out a name and it was Alan so he got his cloth knit this week. I got all patterns for these cloths on Ravelry but I'll give individual links to each one each week.
V01
Tsuruko: No kidding, you’re the 2nd. I’ll hang up then, bye.
"We can't be as good as we'd want to, so the question then becomes, how do we cope with our own badness?" by Nick Hornby
- Dual Reclining backrests
Time is love.
Maybe you're a survivor, too. Maybe you have done some of the steps already- maybe you've confronted what was done to you, what you survived. Are you ready to start forgiving? Are you ready to start concluding? It's a big step and it can feel so scary- I was so used to the ugly inside that not having it was terrifying. I spent years scared to death of life being good because it could only mean that something terrible was about to happen. It's taken almost 2 decades to get to a point where I truly know I can handle the bad stuff and that it's just part of life and I'm not looking for it at every corner.
Take a look at any of the current guidebooks to North Carolina waterfalls, and changes are that you won’t find any information–beyond perhaps a brief mention–of Fall Creek Falls in Rockingham County, N.C. One reason for this oversight may be that Fall Creek Falls is a bit of an outlier as waterfalls go. Most of the state’s large waterfalls lie further west in the mountainous section of the state, while Fall Creek Falls is situated in the Piedmont, not far from the state line above Mayodan, N.C. Another reason Fall Creek Falls may not have made the guidebooks is the simple fact that it has only recently left private hands to become part of Mayo River State Park. The waterfall, which is located in an outlying section of the park near the state line, tops out at about 18 feet with plenty of waterflow, at least during wet periods. The waterfall actually has two channels, which both drop over a large rock face that measures about 50 feet from end to end. The main channel creates a beautiful curtain of water due to its near vertical drop. The secondary channel has more of a stair step look at the water plunges over a series of small ledges. I took the photos that accompany this article several weeks ago before the leaves were on the trees.
For every moment you left her there.
In other words, they swept it under the rug and now pretend such a link doesn’t exist.
Thursday: Fend
Mom I think you question or stress so much if you are doing the right thing or that you weren’t able or aren’t able to help me as much as you can and I know you help me as much as you possibly can when you can, and for that I thank you . Thank you for being the best mom, and helping me grow into the woman I am today. Thank you for teaching me to be a lil more outspoken, god knows I’m not a vocal one and you are and it’s finally starting to rub off on me in my adult years. I hope you understand that I believe you have made a beautiful, smart woman, that can do anything she sets her mind to, because her mom taught her to believe in herself. I want to commend you on raising me – I know I’ve probably tested your patience a time or two, but you were always there for me. Thank you for always keeping that door open for anytime I needed talk. You’re not only my mom but a best friend.
Now, of course, he sings whenever I want him to. And the song, "A ciegas," ("Blindly") still gives me goosebumps, brings tears to my eyes. But I know that if I play it too often, the goosebumps will go away, the tears will stop. That's why I'm not going to send for the CD, although it would be so easy, with just a click.
Poem Day number Twenty-nine! Link your poems or comments below!
Scout out new locations at night.
Before my shopping trip i thought id sit and have a nice coffee, in the supermarket cafe. So i got my coffee, put my headphones in and sat down with the paper for a quiet 10mins before i started.
I wonder too, about whether forgiveness means healing. People told me so. I don't know that I believe it. There's a release for certain. But some wounds are deep and forgiveness is simply letting go, it doesn't stop the scar from forming. Scars are a form of healing but there it is, with you for life. Different and raised up, something you don't erase.
Meanwhile, at Jewish Art Salon I came across an interview with artist and author Mark Podwal on PBS’ Religion and Ethics Newsweekly website. He discusses his recently published haggadah Sharing the Journey. In the interview he connects his approach to expressing the text in his paintings, as well as how his work relates to historic haggadot such as the Prague Haggadah (1526) and the Venice Haggadah (1609). The website also has several pertinent related links about the haggadah, the Passover seder, and more.
With a Tear and a smile on his face ,yet not a tear of joy,Sicko looks at the moon and pulls out his diary to mark another murder.
Kerry wouldn't be the great guy that he is if he didn't send me Rockies along with those five. These two are my favorites for different reasons. The Chacin is a 2009 Heritage High Numbers chrome that I have been trying to track down for a while. The Ubaldo finishes off my 2007 Opening Day team set, which is always great even if I am a little irritated with his whining recently.
Ooooh. I'm shakin' here.
"I suppose you realize that if you do walk out on Goethe you'll be leaving him to the Americans?" said Ned, on a practical point of information. "Bob won't let him go, why should he? Don't be fooled by those old Yalie manners of his. How will you live with yourself then?"
DO NOT EVER BE GREEDY.
After my encounter with the statue, the story of my grandfather’s 1906 tobacco crop slowly took on a new dimension and clarity in my mind. I still remembered my grandfather as himself, of course, but I began to think of him also as a kind of man standing in thematic opposition to a man of an entirely different kind. And I could see finally that between these two kinds there was a failure of imagination that was ruinous, that belongs indelibly to our history, and that has continued, growing worse, into our own time.
This flippin' bush has been the scourge of my existence for a year and some now...it is an enormous rose bush that grows everywhere, which wouldn't be so bad if it didn't catch and hang on to every plastic bag in the neighborhood.....I have tried to cut it out, roto-til it out, kill it off with weed killer...and it just hangs on...well...as of today? its gone...
7 And Elisha came to Damascus; and Ben–hadad the king of Syria was sick; and it was told him, saying, The man of God is come hither.
But it still gives you another option. And that option, once shunned, has certainly entered the world of legitimate.
Father and son, heading off into the bush to photograph lilies. The vehicle of choice is always our red veteran truck "Blink Stefaans", filled with a variety of cold beverages to reward the thirsty lily hunters! Various older blogposts have illustrated this topic in great detail over the past couple of years.. here and here and here
The Arepa looks like a pizza without the tomato puree but I soon realise the fundamental difference. The bread, which has a slightly rice-like taste to it, breaks apart like cake and is extremely light. I would choose this any day over the usual heavy, greasy pizza alternative.
I took the boys to the mall on Friday night, which is a 40 minute drive for us. I was amazed at the lack of whining and thoroughly enjoyed shopping for Dad with my guys. They always surprise me with what they get for one another. It really is sweet, and their gift ideas are so well thought out.
