So, I thought this year I would share a few things Cliff will be getting this year to help other mamas with special littles of their own!
Okay. *wink*
Now Moving On...
This is not an endorsement – just a statement of fact!
Tomorrow I am wearing long underwear. And taking two blankets.
But mark the Rustic, haggis-fed,
4.) What do you want readers to take away from the this book and the remaining stories in the Just Breathe triology?
We then asked Ruth Davidson how young people have benefited from the Union. “Everyone has benefited from the Union. We live in a safer country, we’re a richer country, and there are more opportunities and a higher standard of living”. She did not elaborate specifically on how young people have benefited but her point did seem some what fair in an overall perceptive on what benefits have came from the Union.
Here is your choice
But useless by the next-
She starts having strange visions of her grandmother Doris telling her to use these liquids to cure her twin sister Dorothy, who had a stroke same day Doris died. Hmmm, are these weird stories about twins' connections real?
Vodka Eyeballing : Doing Vodka Shots Through Your Eyes
In the end–for me–there is no need to leave room for mystery–but merely to recognize that mystery is always there–and we may as well accept and acknowledge it.
Shell-style pull handles
in Instagram and Pudding.to.
Be given a face skin care cream and also wax and getting natural oils away from Mating Handbags Coupon code.
Non-Jews are Not Human Baba Mezia 114a-114b. Only Jews are human ("Only ye are designated men"). Also see Kerithoth 6b under the sub-head, "Oil of Anointing" and Berakoth 58a in which Gentile women are designated animals ("she-asses").
True, his wanton act of thuggery was tempered by the sturdy double glazing, but nevertheless his valiant effort shocked his mother enough to temporaily keep her mouth shut and let him in. In addition, his actions rendered a rather beautiful piece of contemporary art:
Rehab activities have been going on for months without a dedicated space to offer services. HOPE now has a team of U.S. volunteers assembling three modular buildings at HAH – including a 24 x 40 ft Rehab Center, housing for international medical volunteers and housing for patients being fitted for prosthetic limbs.
canola oil (for the pan)
And what book would you choose for one that never made it? Mine would be Doris Lessing’s The Grass is Singing (1950) which I haven’t read for years but which still resonates with me. But perhaps like Julian Barnes’s narrator in The Sense of an Ending… ‘What you end up remembering isn’t always the same as what you have witnessed.’
He saw love as “the greatest danger” and morality as mankind’s worst weakness. He died insane, in an asylum, of syphilis — signing his last letters “the Crucified One.” He was adored by the Nazis as their semi-official philosopher.
Stamp Scratch Pattern stamp from edge to edge of cardstock both vertically and horizontally to create cross hatch pattern. Trim into 1/2 inch wide strips (the length is up to you, depending how big you want your basket).
About ten minutes later, as we drove up onto the flyover leading to the Blackwall Tunnel under the River Thames, a police car came racing through the roundabout, its siren blaring, its blue lights flashing, heading towards Greenwich.
"I have a new love, she's nothing like you ."
Starting in one day down to the south, we spend the morning in Gobustan. There we had many migrating passerines, including a Barred Warbler and some Tree Pipits. We also saw Woodchat Shrikes, Rock Nuthatches feeding at the nest and some nice Chukars.The usual Pied- and Eastern Black-eared Wheatears and their hybrids would be a great topic for some genetic studies!
How much I long to hear you?
Of Your unnumbered graces;
I was really brave with the boys last night. I took them out to Friendly's for ice cream by myself. Phoebe slept over her best friend's house last night, DH is out of town for work and I took Niki to her dance lesson. Her lesson is only 40 minutes, so instead of turning around and going back home, I decided to take the boys out for ice cream and then to the grocery store. Let me just tell you it was total cuteness! They kept saying over again as we were going inside the restaurant, "Ice Keem! Ice Keem!" and their pleases and thank yous all over the place. After we placed the order, peanut butter cup ice cream for me with hot fudge and vanilla ice cream hot fudge sundaes for the boys. I let each of the boys have their own kids size ice cream sundae and I'm glad I did, because they each finished it themselves and asked for more! I let them eat themselves and helped just a little bit. They are getting to be such big boys. Now onto the cuteness!
Now while this may all come across as a little frou-frou and cookie cutter, believe me when I say there is definitely another half to this. It's really sort of funny to me because even at the age of twenty-eight I still find myself battling some of the same issues and doubts that I had as a teen. With some of the things I was once (and sometimes still am) awful about doing, are things like being overly harsh, judgmental and critical of myself. "I wish I had a better body...I wish my thighs were skinnier...Why is my nose so big...I hate my hair, it's disgusting!...I wish I were smarter, prettier, and more talented."
Kate Beckinsale is a hazel-eyed brunette whose brows are not terribly dark, and tend to grow down and unevenly. Her makeup artist spent plenty of time perfecting her skin, creating a shimmery eye makeup look, applying false lashes (unless those are extensions), but dropped the ball on the brows. Kate’s left brow starts much closer to the bridge of her nose than the right, the individual brows hairs around the arch of the left brow are much longer, and instead of filling the brows in evenly and brushing them upward, then fixing them in place, she left them to their own devices. Consequently, Kate’s brows are literally hanging down and exposing where the pencil or powder was applied at the top of the arch. Had her makeup artist used BrowPro in Medium Dark, just one product would have colored, defined, shaped, and held the eyebrows in place all evening.
Publisher: Puffin
that nothing you can say will ever
And not this alone did they say but all that the Sages said until midnight are we commanded until the dawn rises the incenses, the fats, and the limbs. And (we) are commanded until the dawn rises in all the eating on one day.
“Oh, yes doctor.”
Now, for the other question. There's another mother who waits at the bus stop with me in the mornings, and she says she tries very, very hard not to snap or grouch at the kids either right before school or right before bed. She and I are both impatient types and would have a natural tendency to say things like "Come ON, let's GO, what is the PROBLEM here?!" in the mornings, but we try to work against our natural tendencies. It doesn't always work, since those also tend to be the two times of day when the children seem to need the most pushing and reminding and managing, but we TRY.
My heart dropped.
Right then, here are some my samples (as seen on TV) lol.... some were shown in more detail on TV, but at the end of the day, for me, the kudos is being on the Design Team in the first place whether or not they get picked out to be looked at specifically!
Last year, “Green Lantern” showed how not to do a credits scene, with Sinestro abruptly embracing his dark — um, yellow — side early in the credits.
“The HAARP facility is classically referred to as an HF ionospheric modification facility. HF ionospheric modification entails the use of high power, high-frequency (~2-15MHZ) radio waves to modify the earth’s ionosphere.”
It's amazing what hitting the road for a couple of weeks will do for your soul, or at least for my soul. Hence, an overdue travelog blog.
Anyway, it’s majorly fucked up and I think it’s only going to get worse. The church sets a dangerous example by embracing the marriage analogy. The church forbids the open conversation about sexuality. The church fully encourages hypocrisy by judging those who don’t fake it. The church promises growth and help in time of need and then judges you for lack of faith when you are not helped nor experience growth. It will be interesting to see this unfold. How many marriages based on god will fall apart while my marriage to Sterling, based on equality, respect, an insatiable lust for each other, genuine friendship and camaraderie continues to progress happily? How many naysayers (you know, the people who say that your life will fall apart when you walk away from the Lord?) will experience extreme betrayal or commit betrayal while my atheist husband and I, with our non-absolutist life, just tool along respecting each other and remaining faithful because we want to? It’s utterly mind boggling.
The second is financial. With few exceptions, performing fan dances and other burlesque favorites is no more a way to make a living than, say, sculpting. Stripping in a strip club, on the other hand, can pay the bills. And so it’s no great surprise that stripping attracts more poor women, while burlesque attracts more women from the middle class who have the luxury of treating it as a creative pursuit. I really enjoyed reading her article. It is one of the more erudite and academic analysis of the difference between a burlesque show vs. a strip club show. And I agree with her. It is true that burlesque does not make money compared to stripping in a high-end strip club or in Vegas. It is also true that many burlesque performers I know are on unemployment paychecks yet will not consider taking a full-time job to make more money or to put away for retirement. Let's face it, looks don't last forever and when that goes, one's earning ability goes as well. There is a sense of living in the creative moment, living the bohemian artist lifestyle and with that, believing in the romance of being true to one's artistic self by going against corporate America and denouncing the life of an office drone.
The last hundred years have seen such an unnecessary revolution in the teaching of foreign languages that it seems worthy to discuss how absolutely worthless this has been. Despite everything that we professors have done, the students have become lazy and spoiled in their attitudes pertaining to the acquisition of any knowledge, much less that which will help promote communication between nations. The parents are to blame, but it is also the fault of society, which has moved into such a stage of self-righteousness that it cannot even comprehend how important benign globalization truly is. One of the principle problems hindering our progress now is the mistrust for our fellow man in foreign lands. Yet if we were to open our minds to the benefits of fluent communication between all nations and improve the general mind-set toward them, world peace shall flourish. We believe that only one method for acquiring a second language is worthy: the Direct Method, the tried and true way of learning through blood, sweat, and tears with nothing more than a positive point of view to help. The idea of the purist Natural Method, or immersion, has come to be recognized as useful by some, but allowing beginners to believe that they can acquire a language in such a way is ridiculous.
John "Tony" Dummer (drums, vocals, 1965-72), Peter Moody (bass, 1965-66), Roger Pearce (guitar, 1965-68), Steve Rye (harmonica, vocals, 1965-68), Chris Trengrove (alto saxophone, 1965), Dave Bidwell (drums, 1965), Dave Elwidge (drums, 1965-66), Tony Walker (bass, 1966-68), Bob Hall (piano, 1965-66, 1967-?), Regine Walker (1966), Gill (drums, 1967), Dave Kelly (guitar, vocals, 1967-69, 1972-74), John O'Leary (harp, 1967-68), Iain "Thumper" Tompson (bass, 1968-72, 1973), Tony T.S. McPhee (guitar, 1968), Adrian "Putty" Pietryga (guitar, 1968-72), Nick Pickett (violin, guitar, harmonica, piano, vibraphone, 1969-?), Pick Withers (drums, ?-1974), Colin Earl (piano, ?-1974)
To make matters worse, Mr. LIW discovered that someone had tried to break in to our home when he returned from work tonight. Luckily, for a change, he arrived before I did. It's clear that someone broke the door on the second floor of our house. They must be quite athletic because they had to climb up on our porch to get there. Our assumption is that our Aussie Shepherd, Leo, scared them off. He seriously freaked out when the police came to write a report.....a sign that he was spooked by the attempted thieves earlier in the day.
Food and Beer Pairing of the Year
If such there breathe, go, mark him well;
or three...
“I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other; for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.”
She wrote to me after I left a comment about her fab green dining room, "Thanks for your comment on my dining room! Per your question, the wall color is Hanging Vine by Mystic Paint. I actually considered getting a custom shade like "Miles Redd Green" based on your post on it. Luckily, this was close enough, but you inspired me! I entered my apartment (all 425 square feet of it) in the Small Cool Contest on Apartment Therapy - more pictures of green!"
His younger brother Walter Clayton (1833-1893) had already upstaged him by opening a studio in Greyhound Street, Nottingham a year earlier. Perhaps it was to distinguish himself in a rapidly growing market with numerous competitors, and his baptismal middle name, Byron, seemed to have a little more cachet. Whatever the purpose, he dropped the Clayton and simply became James Byron, photographer of Ram Yard, Long Row East.
JJ seems to have an awareness that she is about to turn two and I am finding it very difficult. She is in that difficult stage where she knows what she wants and will persist until she gets it. Sometimes she can tell me what she wants, sometimes she can't and is frustrated by her lack of communication. I am frustrated.
Reed is speaking here of the race war brewing over the Zimmerman / Martin contretemps, but there are other cultural and quasi-cultural cleavages of equal importance: Hispanic immigrants. Muslims. Single mothers. Isolation-minded religious groups.
Konaddicts! I have another swatch of the new plates Konad is coming out with...
Right now each person and group is going his or her own way. The elder of the mountains said there is hope if the people of the light can come together and unite in some way. Reflecting on this, Mr. Barrios explained: “We live in a world of polarity: day and night, man and woman, positive and negative. Light and darkness need each other. They are a balance.”
still wed to your pride
Trotsky once said that Marxists should always face the truth squarely in the face. I would have loved for the rebellion against Gaddafi to have been a genuine popular revolt, but it quite clearly is not! Whatever, the reality of the igniting of that rebellion, whatever the revolutionary credentials of those involved in its inception, indeed whatever the revolutionary credentials of sections of those still involved in it, it is quite clear that, taken as a whole, it is now acting as nothing other than a Fifth Column, as useful idiots, for the War being waged by Imperialism against Libya, for its own politico-economic and strategic interests.
The Alkaline diet, according to Wikipedia, "is a diet based on the belief that certain foods, when consumed, leave an alkaline residue, or ash, in the body". According to this diet, this ash may be acidic residue or alkaline residue, which affects our body's pH balance. A website that advocates this diet, claims that "the typical western diet is acidifying, meaning that it consists primarily of foods that have an ongoing acidifying effect on the body."
Tapper: Democrats are salivating over a
I want to read stories about things found in attics. Long lost treasures and adventures. Hidden darkness. Magic or mischief or malevolence. Rummage around in the spiderwebs of your mind and bring me back a story. I will accept stories of any length. Poetry or prose though I think this topic is better suited to prose. Maximum of 2000 words. Because I was a day late in releasing this I will give you an extra day to submit stories. Due on February 21st.
I was on the high way in a matter of minutes, and no one appeared to be chasing me. With shaking hands I checked my camera, it was unharmed, and then I reached inside my pocket for the tape recorder. I pulled it out and it and my hand was covered in blood. Then I felt it. The worst pain I have ever felt in my life. I felt for where the wound was and applied pressure.
sides with seasoning mixture. In skillet, melt
Please check and see which class you will belong to in August, and make the “time” adjustments necessary to work around your busy schedule next school year.
Unless you're a Cowboys fan on game-day. Then he might not be as cordial.
When the gear shift is made the jolt that goes through the car is immense and will unsettle the car is some turns. Downshifts can be made rapidly, but perhaps a demonstration of my poor braking, was the downshifts could be left for some time after I started braking.
- 1/4 cup + 2 tbsp oil
If Zoya does another blogger collection, I hope they reach out to nail bloggers. I do wonder how much input the bloggers for this collection had; did it end with the mood board, or did they get a voice about the finish and exact color of the polishes? I'm guessing nail bloggers would want the latter, which may be why none of them seem to have been involved in this collection. If they do another dupe collection, I hope they reach back in time a bit more and copy things like Essie Starry Starry Night or a Liquid Euphoria or Sally Hansen Turquoise Opal. I'd be all over that. This current trio are nice juicy colors, and I can see them being popular with people who want to hop on the orange train in 2012. For me, though, I got a blog post out of them and now will probably swap them away hoping to get colors and finishes I don't already own.
I had a super productive day of studying Japanese, painting and reading. Basically all i wanted to do that day! It doesn't sound like much, but i had a big old writing and drawing bump on my finger by the end of the day.
A. They cant be compared at all! The Nigeria of then is far better than the Nigeria of now because even the basic amenities which were provided for us in the past are all gone due to the lack of maintenance culture being exhibited by various administrations, there were jobs then, security etc
6) Being chased by a shadowy figure through a derelict building
In 2008 in the GLA and Mayoral elections in the same weekend, we had 240 people out in the borough of Barking and Dagenham.
of these blossoms and created even more layers.
I recently made a fabulous purchase at The Craft's Meow, they are having their First Birthday! Included in the festivities are a couple of sketches so I played along using their spring themed Fly Free stamp set. I loved the pretty birdcage!
It’s the day of the Budget in the UK today, and so thoughts naturally turn to money, or these days, the lack of it.
The bride’s sister and newly ordained minister Angie Pasco officiated the ceremony, asking Kodie and Carina to promise they would remain true to one another “through blown head gaskets, worn-out gears and through big mud holes.”
See where this is going? Here are just some of the new features now enabled for Android smartphones and tablets, as described by Sirius to its customers. This is available right now.
Invite him to your party. Actually, he is there anyway so you might as well make a conscious invitation. It might make a difference in how you and your other guests respond. Be conscious of his presence in all you do.
If you're going to ask me whether I will recommend this book, I'd say YES. Simply because it surpassed my expectations. I enjoyed it more than I thought I would. If you like love stories about reincarnation and past lives, a long lost love and second chances, Pride and Prejudice and minuet... then you'll always have something to love about this book. So yes, I recommend it because it's beautiful and it will captivate your heart. Just give this book a try.
First, we talked about conditioning. I need to lower the intensity of our schooling rides for a bit until he is more fit. He was a bit sore in his booty last night, and I know I've been asking a lot more of him recently, so I plan to give him more breaks during schooling rides, and try to learn some massage techniques to make him feel a bit better.
Is that what we want to become in Canada, a country that doesn’t allow anyone to offend?
The reality is that I'm just a fast runner. Ok, not quite. I do this trail run up in the forest and about 80% of the loop I do is on a single track trail that doesn't allow bikes on it. The other 20% is on fire roads that does.
“If we make the wrong choice, then the danger is that we’ll get hit again,” then Vice President Dick Cheney said at the time’.
Instead of the weekly show just doling out an endless stream of identikit performances, each week the finalists are set tasks to learn a new skill, produce other finalists’ songs, write a new piece of music etc.
Memorial Day One
When in doubt… shut up and listen. (I should learn to take my own advice. I bluster on in hope someone will save me.)
“Dumb dogs work too hard”.
My personal favourites are each of the stories written by soon-to-be head writer Steven Moffatt. He hits a deeper resonance than RTD, who I think underwrites. (I thought RTD’s Midnight didn’t quite make it as a truly extraordinary exploration of human fear but was close). With the Moff you get the full whack every time, his plots are so intricate and his themes so solid. And his dialogue must make actors melt with delight. Who can forget the exploration of the Doctor’s relationship with Rose in the exchange, Rose: ‘Don’t tell me the Universe implodes or something if the Doctor dances. Go on then, show us show us your moves.’ The Doctor: (flustered) ‘Rose…. I’m trying to resonate concrete.’ And in Blink, the extraordinary reflection on Sally and Billy’s relationship that never was summed up when Old Billy shows up in the present: Billy: ‘It was raining when we met’ Sally: ‘It’s the same rain’. And Miss Evangelista’s final words: ‘I… I …. Ice Cream’. Or was it ‘I scream’? Goodness. Brrr. I wonder how the Moff gets away with such unveiled full-on drama in a family show. Whether referring to sex as dancing or the Doctor’s yearning for a normal, mortal life in the Girl in the Fireplace he breaks all sorts of assumed Who rules and no one complains. The mark of a great writer. Obviously the deeper and more adult stuff goes right over the kids heads and that's fine. I hope he has the same overall creative vision as RTD cos if so we are in for a few more years yet of this remarkable show reaching the heights that I have almost started to take for granted.
The water was cold and fast-flowing. It couldn’t have been very clean, but there wasn’t anything floating in it, it smelled ok, and I could see the first three steps quite clearly so I figured it was ok, switched off the torch and went skinny-dipping. I could feel the weariness getting washed away as I just sat there in the dark. Moments from the day flashed past my shut eyes and made me smile. I’d come a long way, I was amongst strangers, far away from anyone or anything I knew, day
April is Donate Life month and I wanted to join in the effort to get 20 million people registered in 2012. If you are not already an organ donor, please consider being one. You can get all the info here or by clicking on the graphic above. I am eternally grateful for Donate Life and my donor’s family for giving me an extension on my life!!!
KUALA LUMPUR, 2 MAY 2012 – The tourism sector has been recognised by the government as a major source of revenue and a catalyst for the Malaysian economic renaissance.
Answer: ´No, no, no.´
I really hate doing that, too. Whingeing and griping and having to make it so abundantly clear what life with secondary Bullshit is like. It's not how I want to be writing, just as it’s not what I want you to be reading. But it's the truth. And, much as I completely bloody loathe admitting to it, the truth is that life has become, at certain times more than others, cruelly testing; a gargantuan effort the like of which
The WINNER of this challenge will receive a $150 Credit to Cricut.com!
Now, I know that neither of these are mutually exclusive, and that there is an awful lot of overlap. But, it is well-known that there are dogs who aren't "wired right," no matter how uncommon extreme circumstances of this mis-wiring may be, and that there are dogs whose outward temperament is a product of their very bad life experiences and, should they have been raised correctly, they would not be fearful.
I keep sitting here, not sure how to start this, so I guess I'll just start.
And then a mental challenge to myself to be in the top 50% for my age. More on the results later
In addition to reading, relaxing, washer throwing, and bocce ball chasing, our wonderful hostess set up a whole slew of fun games for everyone on the 4th. I loved that she pulled out all of these old school games (egg race, egg toss, balloon toss, sack race), and I was amazed at how much fun everyone had. I told J that I will forever remember this and will be using this when we have parties in the future.
Into life
- brooch clasps or safety pins
and wearin' cotton he didn't grow
STO: What are Grayceon's short and long term musical career goals?
To celebrate the launch of my Gypsy Caravan collection I am running a contest so you can show me YOUR stash! The rules are simple, just upload one picture of you and your fabric stash to my new Flickr group HERE by May 15th. I will be randomly picking three winners from the photo pool for an exciting prize of Gypsy Caravan fabric, books and patterns. Keep an eye on my facebook page to see some "celebrity" stash photos! Please email contest@amybutlerdesign.com if you have any questions. Grab your quilt fabric and get in on the fun. My pile will be quite large. I have way more fabric at home than yarn.
Almond butter is less toxic and allergenic than peanut butter, although the protein amounts are similar by comparison (between 6 and 8 grams, usually).
They’re gonna have to remember this new hideous image of me after two years!
To top it all off, I was still cranky. And I had a kink in my back. I moaned and groaned about that, how I did NOT want to labor with a kink in my upper back, until finally my patient husband suggested seeing my chiropractor. Since I wasn’t in the mood to travel, and my water was leaking with movement, I called and asked if she wanted to come visit one last time before the baby came… and give me an
Tho night be dark and it may seem
In addition to high-definition still images the Canon EOS 7D can also capture true HD 1080p video at 30 frames per second. Video clips can be up to 12 minutes in length or… Read More >>
Today I attended a Buddhist funeral/viewing for my mate's father-in-law.
Anyway, here's how it all went down, 'cause I'm sure you're dying to know why I went ahead and spread myself all over Kim Kardashian and ruined her little perfume launch party.
86. Once a week use my lunch hour for exercise.
Thanksgiving dinner is over and I know you're probably stuffed full of delicious, vegan goodness. You're on Day 2 of leftovers and you swear you're not eating again until Christmas. But if you've got just a little bit of room left somewhere in your tummy, you MUST try these incredible Black Bean Brownies.
At a press conference yesterday Suaram – which is the complainant in an ongoing French judicial probe into the controversial Scorpene submarine deal – revealed contents from investigation papers which were made available to the NGO.
Pouring rain today prevented riding, but he was groomed and got lots of juicy apples. His Grandma Eby bought him four new presents. They are exciting and big (14 acres big!) and Pie and his horsey brothers haven't seen or been out in them yet. Can you guess what he got for his 7th birthday?
As a classroom teacher, sometimes I forget all of the wonderfully fun ways there are to break my little rocket scientists into groups. So to solve that problem, I compiled a bunch of grouping strategies and made a set of Grouping Cards. These cards are going to help me quickly remember ways to break my kiddos into groups. Most of them require minimal preparation that can be done once and then used again and again. Here's how...
Josh dug into his pack to look for the tickets then began opening another compartment then another.
As we watched them drive away, I turned to Mikey and said, "Well, that was fun." I looked at the time and saw it was just 8:00 pm. Christmas Eve had lasted all of 2 hours! We had madly cleaned and decorated and wrapped and all the rest for a 2 hour Christmas!
I end this in simple faith,
5.) Since he probably doesn't know what menstrual cramps feel like you should feel obligated to fill him in on the details now.
Simon Cormier served as referee for the evening’s eleven bouts. Sanctioned by the ‘Federation Quebecoise de Boxe Mixte Amateur’ (FQBM), Saturday’s fights took place under amateur rules. On top of being in a ring, the three rounds are two minutes each (three minutes for title fights). Fighters wear 12 ounce gloves and shin pads. Elbow and knee strikes, hammer-fists, and submissions involving twisting (e.g. heel hooks), are prohibited.
MAN assaulted and kicked in front of his 3-y-o by blacks attackers because he ran over a chicken.
I neither love nor loathe Maddow. My politics align closely with hers, and I appreciate the hell out of what she does, and probably the only reason I’m not a feverish fan is exposure: I lived years without tv (not for some moral snooty reason, just that I was broke and drank what disposable income I had). I want to establish this stuff at the start simply to make clear that what follows is in no way some fanboy screed in which the book in question is judged according to the merits of its writer in another context, or in how much the reviewier likes the writer.
B. Ryders
iconic and perpetual
He tricked them, and they trapped him, and stood round him in a ring.
Chicago - state of equality and justice........only if you're Black that is. Here we have another article on Black Firefighters and claims of discrimination. In 1995, 26 000 people sat an employment test to become firefighters. The city picked candidates that had scored 89 or better, which only the White candidates achieved. So, what did the Black candidates do? Why, they sued the City of Chicago for disadvantaging them by only picking from the best scores - which were Whites of course - and won. So, as a result, 6 000 Black candidates will be paid damages, and 111 Black firefighter applicants must be hired! How's that for equality and justice? Ain't diversity grand if you're a non-White? So much for calls for equal treatment from the Black community when they can use it to their own advantage when it suits them. My question is why have entrance exams at all - why not just hire Blacks when they apply as they're going to be given a job come rain or sun? Diversity helps no one except the incompetent by rewarding them for something they have not earned. It’s job welfare 101. Exceptionalism is from a bygone era - nowadays, equal outcomes is more important. You only have to look at the USA Post Office as an example, where the work force is 45% Black, yet they make up only 13% of the population. The result? The USA PO is broke with a black hole of $2bn this quarter. But, karma sure can bite someone in the behind. Imagine when a house burns in Chicago and an IQ57 answers the call and makes stupid decisions which cost lives... those same lawyers that sued Chicago for discrimination against the Black candidates then sue Chicago again because of negligence by these same Black Affirmative Action appointees. Methinks Chicago is going to be paying for this decision for years to come.....but, hey, at least the liberals can feel warm and fuzzy for a while.
This is the one I tried 1st...
I then positioned my mounted image towards the left and the sentiment down the bottom on the right hand side, to finish of I have used several of the left over papers and the Royal Rose Die-namics rolled flower dies, to create the flower spray in the top right hand corner, these were stuck to the card with silicone glue on top of some punched out fern leaves.
And with no further ado... the buzz of Surf Nada, enjoy.
Bad Faith is a murder mystery set in a dystopian Scotland governed by the theocratic One Church. My heroine Cassandra is the daughter of a One Church rector, but is in love with the son of atheist infidels. Things get a lot more complicated when they stumble across the body of a missing bishop, and for reasons that seem perfectly sound at the time, decide to hide it.
7 find
Not long after starting my first (and current) full-time social work position, one of my clients experienced something eerily similar to the very something I identify as most connected to my decision to enter this field. The potential comparisons seemed endless. Her father’s death was equally unexpected. She was the same age and in the same grade. It happened during the same month. And for me, it wasn’t just the experience, but everything that didn’thappen afterwards that eventually made propelled me towards social work. So of course I felt immediately that this was it—that this was the moment where I had to be for her what no one was for me.
WARNING It is not typical of me to ramble on about ethics and philosophy so to all my followers this a random occasion! I think this post is for those who don’t mind a bit of an ethics/philosophy read from a lay person’s perspective, and anyone else who is interested in hearing my ramblings about the presentation I heard :)
Annoying as it may seem to some (like me!), a guest- regular MD relationship is comparable to a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship, a wide open one at that.
Now, I am not your typical Trekkie. That said, I love Star Trek. My favorite series is Voyager (I know, I know, I just love a strong woman), but I fell in love with The Next Generation. As much as I love Trek though, I also love men.
This book spans the years Dr. Nick spent as Elvis’s personal doctor and the years after Elvis’s death. It shows the depth of Elvis’s personality, more than just his public persona, the man behind the King of Rock ‘N Roll. It depicts how Dr. Nick fought to clear his own name and Elvis’s from the cloud of “drug overdose”.
Unfortunately, I now have very little ties to him. You see, I now understand that in some ways, I was one of a few friends who helped him through a time of loneliness. After trial and error, Jim found a beautiful lady to live his life with. She was everything he wanted in a woman. Pretty, petite, wants kids and is great with them, and also the wife who will bend over backwards for his spoiled ass. Yes, Jim is spoiled. I admire him in the way that he asks and seems to receive. Is that a God thing? Maybe.
And, of course, political correctness was to blame for the pusillanimous way the rampaging gangs of looters and vandals — many from ethnic minorities — were dealt with during the riots last summer.
488000 Support activities for transportation (including motor vehicle towing)
EDITOR: Pre-tits.
“The economy is a big concern for folks, I mean the unemployment, trying to make ends meet, gas prices, food prices going up. Some of our viewers are complaining that they get frustrated and angered when they see the first family jetting around different vacations and so forth…”
I am feeling quite encouraged and optimistic for March, especially considering that....
Dark Space dwells within an environment of Light Space – they are the antithesis of each other, yet exist with a co-dependence. It is an interstitial dual-reality, vacuous in its emptiness, and yet brimming with the subjects and forms that it engulfs.
We spend time together in the silence, in the open sky.
Hey Lyle. Thanks for taking the time out to talk to me about your new film, ‘Texas Killing Fields’.
UPDATE: 15th October, 2011. The BBC reports that the new entity, IBRC, is now a reality following the merger of Anglo and INBS. A statement from the newly-named old entity states “with effect from 14 October 2011, the name of Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Limited has been changed to Irish Bank Resolution Corporation Limited (trading as IBRC). IBRC is an asset recovery bank which is committed to working out the Bank’s operations over time in accordance with directions given to the Bank consistent with our EC approved restructuring plan. The objectives of Bank’s Board and senior management team is to run the Bank in the public interest and in a manner that maximises return to our Shareholder and the Irish state whilst also treating customers and creditors fairly.” Despite the new name, the fact that it is a bank in name only, the Irish state will continue to repay €3.5bn approximately of senior unsecured unguaranteed bonds in the merged unit, one of the most significant of which is the USD 1bn (€721m) bond repayable on 2nd November, 2011.
The events and people in my life over the past two years filtered slowly through glacial streams and bubbled up through mudpools and steam vents, separating out into those which have been good and beneficial for me and, those which haven’t; those who have helped me become more real and, those who’ve made it harder.
506 D-III/13/1956. “A Commentary on Aristotle’s Politics, Book III, Chapter 11.” Paper in a tutorial conducted by Yves R. Simon, The Committee on Social Thought, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Included in Item D-IX/4(A)/1982, below, Appendix IV.) See Item C-1989(7), above.
This Giveaway ends on Friday, and I'll announce the winner on Saturday!
That the Guardian is giving space to Ehrlich is yet more evidence that for the Left there is no such thing as right and wrong -- in any sense of those words. Black can be white if it suits the Green/Left. Do I really need to spell out Ehrlich's widely-proclaimed false prophecies in the 1960s? Here's a sample:
Where this change does not ripple back through time and alter the setting, the nature of the present at least is new. Characters and units arriving to do battle, raid or steal will find their hearts suddenly and inexplicably elsewhere, in greater happiness to enjoy.
Phil 1:6 he who began a good work in you
No, we should not. We have, first of all, the answer given by our Lord Jesus Christ Himself in the Gospel. Just two days before He was to go to His Passion, His disciples came to Him on the Mount of Olives and asked Him: “Tell us, when shall these things be?” – that is, the destruction of the temple, which He had just mentioned. Then they asked Him: “And what shall be the sign of Thy coming, and of the end of the world?” (Matt. 24:3). Our Saviour at that moment did not reject the question, as He did at other times when the disciples asked things they should not be asking, such as when James and John asked if they would be able to sit next to Him in the Kingdom of Heaven (Mark 10:37). On the contrary, He allowed them to ask the questions, and He answered them. These answers take up the entire twenty-fourth chapter of the Book of St. Matthew (where the historical events before the end of the world are set forth), and the twenty-fifth chapter (where He teaches most fully on the coming Judgment and on how to prepare for His coming). In a shorter form, these are also set forth in the Gospels of Mark and Luke. Some of these prophecies refer directly to the destruction of Jerusalem and the temple, which happened several decades after the Crucifixion, but the rest refer to the end of the whole world.
I do so love having my own quiet time.
Sterling never really got close to us, but he adored the bassets. He ate with them, slept with them, and every afternoon when he came home from hunting in the meadow behind the house, the reunion was as intimate as any human family. They hugged, they rubbed, and then Daisy would plop her big paw on him and proceed to give him a bath — from head to tail. The love the three fur babies had for each other would often bring a tear to my eye. Two worthless bassets and a feral cat. Who would have thought they could make such a loving family?
Barbour: that dang Carter had
I consoled myself by siting with Diddy on a picnic mat eating lunch... annoyed that Ben had let them swim.
Parvati
1 hoochie
You can also get soap sheets, or pack some dry detergent with you.
Celine: Just about reincarnation and where all the new souls come through over time. Everybody says they have been the reincarnation of Cleopatra or Alexander The Great. I always want to tell them they were probably some dumb fuck like everybody else.
I love barbecue in (almost) all its forms. For some reason, I don't like brisket at all. I could eat pulled pork all day long. Or mmmm barbecue chicken. Even Sloppy Joe's. The only problem is the ingredients. I've talked a lot before about how I care about what I put into my body. Have you ever taken a look at the ingredients on a bottle of barbecue sauce? Yikes, it’s a mile long, and I can’t pronounce most of them. And the healthy or organic barbecue sauces get expensive, so I got the easy route instead.
Student : Yes, sir.
Check it out: www.etsy.com/shop/katyrudz
Researchers at the space agency believe they have discovered vital clues that appeared to indicate that primitive aliens could be living on the planet. Data from Nasa's Cassini probe has analysed the complex chemistry on the surface of Titan, which experts say is the only moon around the planet to have a dense atmosphere.
card, my brain rebels, freezes up, cuts off the
This is chicken, bacon and avocado salad.
Sangeeta went missing on April 20 after she left her husband’s home in Ulhasnagar for work. When she did not return, her family lodged a missing complaint with the Hill Line police on April 21. The same day, Sangeeta’s body was found near the railway tracks between Vangani and Badlapur stations in the jurisdiction of the Badlapur East police. Unaware of the missing complaint lodged at the Hill Line police station, the Badlapur police sent the body to the mortuary of Central Hospital in Ulhasnagar. The fact that the victim’s face was severely damaged and no document was found on her body made it difficult for the police to establish her identity.
You must look up a place that does it and go!
I'm here in a group of 16 students from Gustavus and Concordia. We're studying social justice, peace, and development, so we've been spending a lot of time dealing with issues of untouchability, women's rights, poverty, etc. It's pretty amazing. Throughout the semester, we'll be moving around quite a bit throughout India to see different things (not so much tourist attractions, but rather... important things). We'll be on the road for all of November.
Tonight I attended a funeral. Someone dear to me had just lost someone dear to their heart.
Tim Holtz - Birds
Here's the first song from their first album, one of the best song i've heard this year. Support Stephane and The Greatest Liar, they deserve it.
Miners were essentially unable to save any money under this system -- the goods sold at company stores were not bargains, and scrip couldn't be spent anywhere else. So this system made miners very dependent on the mining companies.
"Go to QueryShark.blogspot.com to see how this is done," I wrote.
and mismatched Pj’s enclosed goose-pimpled
Maybe, just maybe, I felt like that girl. Not thinking that anything bad could happen to me. To my children. It reminded me of my boys, so handsome, so brave. Fearless. Or, I feel as though I am stuck in that cage. Life keeps roaring around me. No matter what. Loss....... Life keeps going. A little boy missing out of the pictures that capture my boys. Loss....... Life keeps going. No matter what.
Will you open your eyes? Look around.
'Ugly' is subjective. I find the stacked rows of shaker pints in my cupboard quite pretty, alternating up and down, colorful logos, and they fit. Some are thick, some are not (the thickest is a "Michelob Ales and Lagers" glass, but I'm not judging...).
Price is alleged to have "encouraged authors to pay exaggerated literary fees and invest in non-existent film deals," and has been charged with six counts of theft, most committed over the course of several years:
I dont care how stupid this message sounds and how immature it is or anything, I'm a kid what can you expect?
“We’re thrilled to help power the new Sony Publisher Portal. The free Smashwords service makes it easy for any author or publisher, anywhere in the world, to distribute their eBooks via the eBook Store from Sony. Authors and publishers simply upload their manuscript to Smashwords as a Microsoft Word document, select the price, and then we manage the conversion and distribution.”
Summer can come early if she wants this year, as far as I'm concerned. Stick a fork in me because I'm done.
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery 60 Minute IPA
ANDDDDD I STILL have 3 boxes of apples to go, 5 boxes of tomatoes to can up as well, 3 batches of soap to make up ( and if I don't get to that one soon, it won't be ready in time...aahhhgggg), 2 quilts to finish, a whole family of dollhouse dolls to construct, an afghan to finish crocheting, a wedding shrug to knit ( that one will go fast, since I can do it on the machine, but it has to be done before the 4th of Nov. ~ dang, I better get on it fast!), and another 60 or so items to put up on eBay.
IAN: Hmmmm, let's see...
So this is what i came up with, i hope you like it.
Hope you enjoy my wee one and her "harvest!" Wee ones are so easily amused! Love it!
We, in our comfort, like to banter about who we consider our “Most Inspirational Person”.
Vienna London
You see, Eric Clapton can get away with, "You look wonderful tonight." without the standard response of, "Oh, so I didn't look wonderful last night?" The rest of us usually aren't so lucky. That is why when discussing butts, I would prefer that we were talkin' bout guns.
In Utsunomiya,where is south west to Fukushima,they measured 330 Mbq/km2 of cesium 134.
This is along Rt 296
The Conklins were an important family when it came to the growth of Huntington as they were among its first settlers. The farm house was built in 1750 by Thomas Conklin and stood on 105 acres. It was surrounded by apple and peach orchards and took up the area from New York Avenue to Oakwood Road.
your card but if you use a SweetStamps image, you will get two entrees into the giveaway. To enter the challenge, please add the URL to your actual blog post or online gallery to the InLinkz you will find at the end of this post. Please do not link to your main blog; we want to be able to find your post to leave you comments. Also, please link back to our blog. The challenge rules are listed in the sidebar.
they cannot listen to lips;
The Nicene Creeds ends with: We look for the resurrection of the dead, and the life of the world to come. Amen.
How do you use your home printer to save money? Have any favorite free printables you'd like to share?
For the Port Authority the no action alternative is unacceptable. Maintaining the status quo would lead to almost a 33 percent increase in traffic and associated costs in New York City, according to Laura Shabe, Port Authority manager of the Cross Harbor Freight Program.
you know the ones... beautifully patterned and threadbare? No way any thrift store will take them and no way to display them in your home anymore...they are just too far gone.
To sheathe me half in half the things that sheathe her.
To the left, we see Sitting Bull's mother, the great man, himself, his daughter and grandson - in captivity. The rifle he holds is a prop. By this stage of his life, Sitting Bull and his family were on welfare, enjoying the largess of a federal government who put a people on food stamps forever. Allowing the Red Man to hunt game and roam at will would simply not do. Better that they stay on reservations and receive government hand-outs.
Newton then uses the book to lay blame on both evangelical religion and on science, which has tried to explain near-death experiences—NDEs—as a combination of psychology and physiology:
And isn't that really
Hello in Japanese
- tin of chopped canned tomatoes
Blood vengeance brings them together even as desire binds their hearts. Amongst the secrets and obscurities of their destinies, they find a love that spans a lifetime as well as an end to A Valkyrie’s Vengeance.
Today, it’s my turn to introduce a wonderful new novelist: Sheila Deeth. Sheila has mastered various story forms (including the shortest of forms, the 100-word and 50-word drabble), and today she is celebrating the release of her short novel, Flower Child with a blog tour, of which I am pleased to have a small part.
Today I am here to share our winner for the 10.27 sketch and our faves too! There were some AMAZING layouts (and cards too!) this week! WOW! Every week you all amaze us! :)
Cara Scott from Daventry Northamptonshire, accused former lover David Golding, 28 and also from Daventry, of leaving her with a 'life sentence' and described the knowledge that he had given her herpes as 'soul-destroying'.
Who can apply?
Phoenix will definitely be a challenge for Nashville, but it isn’t anything to fear. With players like Gabriel Bourque and Kevin Klein stepping up, along with the leadership and dependability of Pekka Rinne and David Legwand, the Predators can easily move on to Round 3.
I am Deanne, a mother to four children, who I affectionately named NattyNu (age 10), JoNo (age 7), PunkyPie (age 4), and Boo (age 3) for the internet. I have been married to my wonderful husband, Hubby, for 10 1/2 years now and am incredibly grateful for everything he does for our family.
you to all who have made such nice comments...it really does a lot to
p.s. make a kilo of fat desirable. Put a nipple on it
It was quite a panel, filled with amazing insights and extraordinary thinking.
And I’m too shy
There is also a giant vulture and a scorpion – and a strange disk that could be the sun.
On September 1st and 2nd, 1859, Earth's inhabitants experienced the greatest solar storm in recorded history. "The grid" was in it's infancy, consisting mainly of a few telegraph wires, mostly in larger cities. This storm short-circuited the wires and caused massive fires. The typical light show in the far north, known as the Aurora Borealis, was seen as far south as Cuba, Rome and Hawaii. Due to society's light dependence on any form of an electrical grid at the time, this did not disrupt the world substantially.
though I trust you’re near me
It's been a while since my last wander down memory lane, I am now looking back to 2008/9.
First the blurry map of Candlerigg's expansion from 1852 on, rotated to be the normal North at the top orientation (about, could be a degree or two off, I did it by eye):
i might speedily find myself confined to social nutworking in a secure facility
1 wedged
Typically an art student private view will attract more art students. Self expression will move from the literal art canvas to the figurative canvas of the body as young people arrive at the gallery in whatever outfit or appearance is most ultimately them. We will ignore the fact that many of these looks are reproduced over and over amongst the crowd and instead applaud the individuality of the 80's glam, the casual boho, the moody poet. My personal favourite is the ecclectic trash look which basically involves taking every element of appearance from skin to shoe and trying to make it as trashy as possible.
(It’s highly personal…but anytime you’ve said, “why does this always happen” is a good place to start).
So I woke up this morning and the colors on my blog had all changed. I've tried to search through blogger help to find out how to change them back & have not gotten any answers. Short of changing/updating my template (which will cause a bunch of other problems), I'm not sure what I can do. I'd like the blue backgroun back again but what I really want is to be able to read the title of the blog! Perhaps some kind blogger out there has some suggestions.
Yet, there comes a moment in every class - EVERY CLASS - when the group gets "there." It's never the same pattern or technique; it's not the same time in each class. But in every class, there comes a time, when everyone is quiet, when art is being made, and when creative peace settles over and illuminates every artist in the room.
I don’t have much more to say about this, but that’s where I’m at right now. Apparently it’s common consensus among a lot of the people I’ve been talking to. So for now, we wait with baited breath for the moment that simultaneously is hurtling toward us too fast and is taking forever to arrive.
These self induced actions have been easy for me. The thing that has been hardest for me in mmo is to carry over the sharing of pleasure that I have with J when we fuck into my mmo sessions or extract the same pleasure from shared sessions that I have with my solo ones. It has been difficult for me to involve her because it is my nature to tend to her and not myself when we have sex. I have been programmed to give her pleasure from years of me giving her oral sex and fucking her. I can’t let go and focus on me when I know she is there and I am not tending to her needs.
WALLS “Man is a great wall builder The Berlin Wall The Wailing Wall of Jerusalem But the wall most impregnable Has a moat flowing with fright around his heart A wall without windows for the spirit to breeze through without a door for love to walk in.” – OSWALD MTSHALI, Soweto (South African) poet from ‘My Traitor’s Heart’ by Rian Malan (published by Vintage 1990) * “The most noble aspects of the human spirit – unquenchable in its search for freedom and justice.” – great writing by Rian Malan in his compelling book ‘My Traitor’s Heart’
He led us back to his office, walls scotched taped with unframed photo’s and I’ll never forget his killer pez collection, this was my daughters court appointed lawyer. I silently wondered, if he would need a ride after court, or if his mom would come pick him up…Holy CRAP…this is her LAWYER…
Lorraine, one of the five residents in her home, said, “I love Renee. I didn’t want her to go away and leave us.” Everyone in the home said, “We are a family. Renee is our family.”
Over at my friend Alexis's place Reflections of a Bookaholic she has a feature on Wednesdays - Why I Love: And this week's love is for Favorite book Hero or Heroine. Now I am going to go out on a limb here and pick someone that most of you would not usually think of as a hero --- Jack Dawkins - - commonly known as the Artful Dodger from Oliver Twist.
At a Mommy Matter's meeting (it's our version of MOPS) my group was talking about Christmas traditions. Someone mentioned the Pink Pig in Atlanta. That intrigued me, seeing as how it's a Pink Pig and all. How in the world does this tie into Christmas. She began explaining it and it sounded pretty neat to me. Something I thought ALM would love. So when I got go home, I researched it a little. And decided we would go and start a new tradition with Addison and our future children.
From their shadowy coat the white breasts peep
The support of India for the Karzai regime also bolsters the traditional enmity between Afghanistan and Pakistan, increasing tensions in the region and rendering stability even less likely, as Pakistan retaliates by supporting its own proxies, fuelling the local insurgencies.
When asked what words come to mind when they think about students posting to the Internet, many educators list words like danger and safety.
We became close friends, but never met in
will help you in your color knitting. that's the most important thing.
Travel Tissue Covers: 1
I boiled that for about 15 more minutes, and it was ready to go.
The report compared the eating habits of almost 12,000 pupils in 80 schools in England in 2011 with a smaller group of about 6,000 pupils in 2004.
The Dakota is believed to have gotten its name from the preferences of developer Edward Clark's towards the names of new American states (which represented 'new money'). Others stories suggest that at the time of its construction, the new building was so far north that it would have been like visiting 'the Dakota territories'. From this picture, that seems plausible:
In the hustle and bustle of getting these kids out of the dump and into new clothes, one of the girls slipped through the cracks and did not receive a new pair of shoes. Her name was Carmen. Carmen wore a pair of ragged shoes that she had found in the garbage dump. During her second week of school another girl noticed these shoes and made fun of her. She laughed at her for having such shabby shoes. Others joined in and made fun of her shoes.
I knew I would love it! My favorite surprise is that some of the gowns are very reasonably priced... my least favorite surprise is that some of them are not. Most run somewhere between $1000 and $2000, (not an unreasonable amount in my opinion). Then there are a couple in the $600 range, and a couple in the $5000 range.
100-minute film is very important. As I noted above, based upon
I got my love of horses from my grandfather who loved his farm horse and had to give him up to the army for service. The horse did come home after the war; which was rare since most of the millions of horses used perished. I have forgotten the name of the horse, but he did not come home unscathed. He returned without an eye and ill from injuries. It grieved my grandfather to have to put him down, but he did. The grave was dug by hand and the horse covered in lime before covering. Next morning found the horse had been unearthed by hungry neighbors for the meat.
In their studies, McGraw and Warren (2010) randomly assigned participants to either an experimental or a control condition. In the experimental condition, participants read several vignettes where people engaged in acts that could be interpreted as benign moral violations in which no harm is done (for example, a man rubs his bare genitals on his pet kitten and the kitten purrs and appears to enjoy the contact). In the control condition the moral violations cause harm (the contact causes the kitten discomfort). After reading each passage, participants reported on the emotions they were currently experiencing. Importantly, participants who read the experimental vignettes were significantly more likely to hold mixed emotions and be simultaneously disgusted and amused by the behavior compared to those who read the control vignettes. Those who read the control vignettes were only disgusted by the behavior. So, although humor doesn’t decrease negative
Hope you enjoyed reading this blog and feel free to ask any questions.
As you can see, there are many benefits of using pencils with markers, just remember to use the pencils after you're done with your marker layers. Colored pencils are waxy, and the wax is worse than just plain graphite when it comes to clogging and discoloring your marker tips. Just to be thorough, I tested putting colored pencil down first then going over it with an old blender marker. Good thing I used an old tip because it really ruined it. No matter how quickly I scribbled to clean off my tip it was stained badly. Sure, it blended a little bit, smoothed a little bit, but it wasn't worth ruining a good marker tip over.
04 O In The Sky
October was a mixed month in that the first 4weeks (long month) were great - being home helping out etc. but the back end was a nightmare.
Title: Purple Hibiscus
Another mother came in with her twin 7-year-old daughters. The girls had matted hair and body odor. Mother, who had trouble keeping her eyes open during the visit, had lost custody of the twins when they were three years old for about a year; details were sketchy, but the Department of Children’s Services had been involved for a time.
Pasta with Peso, Potatoes & Green Beans--use macaroni Enchiladas with Pumpkin Sauce
Just unfortunate.
The thing to realize is that the very existence of a Saturday teatime slot demonstrates a big difference between American and British television. I’m writing this on a Saturday afternoon. Here, then, are the prime time lineups of the networks tonight. CBS is showing repeats. ABC is showing an old Charlie Brown Valentine special followed by repeats. NBC is showing a reairing of their current big music variety show. The CW is devoted entirely to local programming. And Fox is running America’s Most Wanted, which is essentially free to produce.
Some people will do anything to avoid it. Even trade their immortal souls for endless existence.
I iced cakes this evening before chores so I could get them wrapped early. I need the kitchen to cool down before bedtime !!
Child suicide is something that I take very serious. It hurts me to see in the news when a young child has committed such an act. I understand that professionals will tell you that whenever you hear your child say these kind of things to always take it seriously. And I agree, better safe then sorry. But my daughter thinks I’m taking her words too seriously. She says that she would never kill herself, and I almost fully believe her, but should I?
Now, on to the waterparks! Since I stayed only one night, we hit up the Wild WaterDome Indoor Waterpark. The indoor park has 2 tube slides and 2 adventure slides under a see-thru Texlon roof that allows you to get a year-round tan! It also has a wave pool, a kiddie area Washout Mountain, the Smokies SurfRider, and a regular pool. My boyfriend and I rode two of the tube slides. Here is a picture of the 4 slides. We rode the purple and yellow ones. We went down the purple one first and it was so much fun. Then, we tried the yellow one. I’m glad we did the purple one first. The yellow one gets completely black/dark at one point and I didn’t expect that. It scared me! I was too chicken to try the Storm Chaser (the orange and white one)! My boyfriend really liked the Great Wave wave pool. He went into it two or three times. He liked trying to go against the waves. I enjoyed relaxing in the 3.5 foot regular pool.
Another great find. Now, I gotta get back to writing.
Where is your home?
If you find any other easy tricks with Youtube than can you write a comment explaining this trick and it will be added.
And I will be back soon to share more with you!
Have a great day, friends. I'll be back with some more fun tomorrow.
It’s officially December. The air is brisk, it gets dark at 4:30, and yesterday it snowed for a little bit – you know what that means. Winter is here, and with it, a whole new crop of seasonal beers! Here’s a list of some New York State winter brews, which I’ve judged along with a panel of experts (my friends Sara and Steve).
Nuclear experts from the US and Japan such as Arnie Gundersen, Robert Alvarez, Hiroaki Koide, Masashi Goto, and Mitsuhei Murata, a former Japanese ambassador to Switzerland, and, Akio Matsumura, a former UN diplomat, have continually warned against the high risk of the Fukushima Unit 4 spent nuclear fuel pool.
There he is. Fast asleep.
The women are also questioning the government commitment to prevent and stop sexual and gender based violence. In December 2011, during the International Conference on Great lakes region, the government signed a declaration to fully domesticate and implement the protocol on prevention and suppression of sexual violence against women and children in the Great lakes region.
I crossed into Goa before dawn that day. Riding in the dark was not too painful because there wasn’t too much traffic and more importantly, the highway in this part is marked on the sides by reflectors. On one of the long, slow uphills I had the road all to myself. It was pitch dark and all I could see were the reflectors shining in the light of my headlamp, snaking their way up into nothingness. As a kid I’d read the story of the pandavs and draupadi climbing up to the heavens, accompanied by a dog. This is what I imagined the road would’ve been like; though there were no cliffs for me to fall off here.
After grinning and bearing the purgatory of five years of roadworks, not to mention a few painful and well-publicised teething problems for the APS system, people living in Bordeaux were quick to embrace the new network. Around 350,000 people hop on and off the trams every day, with many also making good use of the new park and ride car parks
Recently my computer has commited suicide.
I seem to have neglected to wish the hubs a very very
HE WOULD BE SO SUCCESSFUL IN AUSTRALIA. All he would need was a big break at a comedy festival and just like the snail, he would make his escape and explore the wilderness of success!
Instead of using a Christmas card though, I used a Halloween one. Not because Halloween is my favorite holiday, but because I already had this card half done!! I had this simple A2 size card already:
I love how you go into ADD mode and fill the air with random words and sing-song phrases because you feel something has to go there but you have no idea what to say.
As for me, I don't have a huge incentive to experience the tropics at the moment; our temperatures have been sky-high for weeks, with humidity to match. Through the wonders of global trade I can definitely buy mangoes and bananas here year-round, but I turned instead to the plenitude of summer fruit that was filling my fridge and freezer. I had some ripce local peaches from my farm box, and a few weeks back when I was overrun with blackberries I'd tossed them in the freezer for future baking projects. Peaches and blackberries sounded like a winning seasonal combination to me.
2 faster
Bogart plays Rick Blaine a former Freedom fighter and ex pat, living in Casablanca, he owns the hottest spot in town “Rick’s Cafe”.
7:00 AM - Macie wakes up. I heard her crying a few times during the night (not huge crying, but enoug to know that she was awake). She is still in her toddler bed and so far (fingers crossed) hasn't gotten our of her room. She will sometimes be found on the floor with her blankets in the morning, and once or twice I've found her reading/playing with her books, but mostly she is staying in her bed. I go get her. We get dressed, change diaper, and get breakfast started (toast with Jelly and a banana and milk). I eat the same thing at the same time she does.
YOUR DOG IS YOUR MIRROR
So now the question is, do I continue to blog here? I miss my non-business ramblings, my friends, sharing about fairies, journals and other creative expressions. I wouldn't necessary put those things in my school blog,
If you don’t have to chisel, you could change out these in ten minutes easy. Swear – I promise you can do this!
“You’re a funny looking guardian angel!” squeaked Pricklewood. “I don’t keep cash int’ property if that’s what you’re after.”
Click. The phone goes off.
the root of the penis is at half the height of a man
and be overly excited by the little things again.
I will put it on my short list for satisfying stouts. After twenty years, it's back in the rotation.
The sensor consists of carbon nanotubes and copper atoms as well as tiny beads of polystyrene. It can detect concentrations of ethylene as low as 0.5 parts per million. Ethylene concentration required for food ripening is usually between 0.1 and one part per million.
Street in Agrigentum
Thank you Amanda, I Love it!
On another happy note I got my new table set up. Ikea was a huge success. Lots of goodies to organize the studio. Still lots to do but hope to get it cracked out sometime this next week. Another busy one for me with Mom. I had a migraine on yesterday which took most of my day in bed.
I didn't ask, but I'm sorry to say I snooped! I was so curious that I could not resist. Sadly, my snooping did not pay off. All I found was a few pictures. My mother had them in a box in her closet. They did not jibe at all with the stories and impressions that I had gotten. Somehow, I expected neglected, half-starved children but instead, they were beautiful and well-tended. This only added to the mystery and intrigue.
Fishn4Souls
Cheers to all ... and I hope your late winter / early spring transition treats you nicely.
Lorraine: "Sure. Maybe we can stop off at the rape crisis center for a nightcap after?"
from under us. Some of us have had the wind knocked out of us. We can barely breathe,
James Murdoch now says yes, they did. His testimony:
She brought up the topic gently, almost as if expecting me to stammer out a request to close the subject and leave it that way, but I found that once removed from the situation I was able to confront it with a little more ease. I told her what I thought I'd heard, and danced around a million different possible explanations for what it could have been- -everything from fillings in our teeth picking up a nearby radio station, to an old phonograph player that could have been stored up there and could have fallen over after fifty years and scratched out a snippet of song whose lyrics we mistakenly took to be some ghostly voice from beyond. I figured it was much easier to believe either of those scenarios than to consider any otherworldly possibility, but the explanation that occurred to Jane as we lay there in bed, sleepless, was a bit more frightening than any. "Maybe there's someone living up there that my grandparents don't know about," she said, and a look of startled concern came over her face.
“Okay.”
these two to supplement the sun
Champions!
I know I should pack up and move on.
Soetoro signed into law Bill HR 347 that makes free speech a felony where secret service agents are present.
When I was in a bikini, they were in jeans and jumpers, my mum even had her tights on under the jeans, she does wear her sunhat though, as it was in the 80's, that is her concession to the temperature.
Date: 10-13 June
This has absolutely nothing to do with college football – at least I fervently hope it doesn’t – but I can’t let an opener like this pass without mention.
I asked Bob Herz about his personal response to the news. He said,
All eyes are on the Spanish auctions tomorrow as US futures sell off following yesterday’s big run-up and disappointing earnings results from Intel and IBM. Those two tech giants will put a drag on the Dow of about 40 points to the start of the day. Let’s see if the bulls can hold their ground ahead of what is sure to be a closely watched Spanish auction of 10 year debt tomorrow. The 10 year is outside the borrowing window of the ECB LTRO and may show the pressure of funding Spain. We will look of more intervention from the ECB as they support the auction.
I crept up to her desk — remember, she was a dragon-lady and I was a meek, make-no-waves kid – to ask about the grade.
You may notice from the pictures that I forgot to slash the top to allow steam to escape. The steam will need to get out one way or another, folks, so it's wise to choose where you would like that to happen before you have a minor blow out in an odd place. The slashes don't need to be deep, and there really only needs to be a few of them, each about two inches long.
Finally, if you teach at one of our partnership schools (see list here), you are welcome to come along to the CLC with your pupils to be used as guinea pigs for a randomly generated ICT activity session – with small groups working on the same topic, but all using a different medium.
The recipe below is an attempt to achieve comfort both in baking and in eating, addressing my fear of pastry and embracing my love of custard. It’s light enough to escape Hugh’s category of stodge, but still incredibly indulgent and packed with wintry flavours. The custard is made using dark, sweet rum, crunchy pecans and a rich, nutty beurre noisette, before being poured over syrup-soaked pears. And the tart shell is a revelation – a resilient (but baking to a light and flaky crust) dough that is made (using a stand mixer) in seconds before being pressed straight into the tin with no need for either rolling out or baking blind. Combined, the crisp shell and luxurious filling are sheer bliss, made all the more memorable by the addition of chocolate in ice cream form, the perfect accompaniment for pears.
Here is one of said videos. A Jedi Princess just out of her bath.
Bling: Recollections
Mikkeller Green Gold IPA
SOFTWARE PATENTS GETTING MORE PRESS: I've been noticing that over the last two years, many magazines and newspapers have been digging deeper into software patents and their impact on the marketplace. Take, for instance, this article where Real Software, the maker of the Realbasic application development tool, has raised concerns over Microsoft's IsNot operator patent application. The gist of the article is that Real Software is saying that no one should be able to patent fundamental programming operations.
#2 - Wantlist Fail Part 2
I have also learned that this novel started out as a Twilight fan fiction, and my opinion of it and the author has declined dramatically since then. I don’t really think Ana is a Bella substitute (since she has thoughts and voices her opinions and doesn’t let Christian get away with everything), but I definitely see some similaries. For instance, both Edward and Christian warn the women in their lives to stay away at first, but are drawn to them for reasons they can’t explain. Both Ana and Bella are incredibly clumsly, and both are asked to put their boyfriends’ feelings and needs before their own. Also, both are set primarily in Washington. That said, I feel Ana is more of a real character than Bella is, and I didn’t find the whole story as infuriating as I found the Twilight series.
Kitchen knife
I'm begrudgingly back in the groove at work. Still cross-training on MRI scanning but enjoying the change in scenery. It is amazing what science can do these days in the field of medicine. I've been at work almost every day since we've been back from vacation, whether it be for a few hours or an entire 12 hour shift. I tried to take my first "sick day" of the year and stay home to help the family with some stuff. Wifey was sick and kids had science projects and church treks to pack for. Sure enough, one hour into my "night off" and I was called in to work. My replacement for the night shift doesn't know Ultrasound scanning so, by default, I was still on call even after calling in sick. So, I went to work for about two hours and quickly scampered back home.
Yogananda is best known for his groundbreaking memoir, “Autobiography of a Yogi.” It has sold well over four million copies since its publication in 1947, and I suspect it has been read by two or three times that many, because it is the sort of book people lend to their friends. This was especially true in the 1960s and ’70s, when Baby Boomer seekers were thirsty for Eastern wisdom and couldn’t afford the five bucks to buy the AY, as it has come to be known. (I know the hardcover cost five dollars then because I still have my copy, and I hope this essay will repay the karma of not returning it to whoever loaned it to me.) Based on my research for my own book, American Veda, the AY prompted more Americans to explore Indian spirituality than any other text.
on the back side of the frame.
The Avengers was like that. Probably the best super-hero movie I've ever seen. We'll reserve judgement on that until it has had some time to sink in. Just go see it!
Proshot Unknow Gen To Dvd Ntsc Presented Devlin208/Mike And Krw_Co
Tomorrow I am off to Paris... to say I can't wait would be an understatement... that city always excites me.... and the thought of a couple of days and nights immersed in Parisian life is my idea of heaven... I am going to blog and tweet all I can so you can be there with me...
Imagine how huge they could be with a big brewery, a consistent large volume core range AND the experimental nouse that makes them so special..... I doubt the wait to find out will be long.
Don’t really want to dress up? Cut out little clock faces and tape them on your hands..Too Much Time on Your Hands
1 constitute
I pray that you will find truth in God’s Word and use a good translation of the Bible. The KJV is always safe but there are other good versions. I no longer can recommend BSF until there is a retraction of the recommended book by Dallas Willard, until “The Message” is dropped as the Word of God. There are good people still in this organization. I pray that their voices will be heard as witnesses to the light and truth.
So Dr. Vet called with the bloodwork....the call mom always dreads. But Dr. Vet said he's doing GREAT! Yay!! One thing did come back a little high, and that's his cholesterol. Mom said whatever, he's 13, he's on a raw diet, what more can you do??
It seems pretty easy, and contrived, but I have to say that the author has done a great job of making the reader believe that it could be done, and that the main character has no idea. At least not yet.
Suddenly, my salad lost its taste. Or, that is, my ability to taste my salad was lost in the overpowering stench of the latest, and probably unjustifiably expensive, “fragrance” on the market. I attempted to cover my nose to avoid the gaggingly-offensive assault on my person, but it was too late. The molecules of stench were wafting in every direction from the young lovely who, I am sure, thought she smelled absolutely divine.
They might hurt you.
♣ When I though someone was waving to me, so I waved back. But in the end, I noticed she wasn’t waving to me. xD OFTEN happens to me!
I have no intention of going into street crime or domestic policing abilities in Ukraine. That would be a different post should I venture down that very uneven road. I will stick to the organised criminality, be it genuinely organised crime for the sake of personal/group gain, or groups with other ideologies who involve themselves in organised crime to fund other activities, as was the case when I stumbled upon the PKK issue in the UK back in the mid 1990s.
The Herald accordingly is reporting today that -
Again the program features a mix of older and newer music with an emphasis on the classic sounds.
4And the heritage came out for the families of the Kohathites: the children of Aaron the priest, who were of the Levites, were given thirteen towns from the tribes of Judah, Simeon, and Benjamin.
“Absolutely.”
Rate: NC-17
I may have a new addiction… Pinterest.com is a dangerous website! It hogs hours and hours of your time if you yield to that temptation… I did. *sigh*
Friday night pizza
I’ve been a bit of a mess since the beginning of this year and gone off track with everything. So, maybe I should take this opportunity to regroup, get grounded and focussed, and inform myself and you, the reader, about this wonderful Sabbat called Beltane.
So now I’ve no band, and am back to my melancholic solo project, the ‘manager’ is in Broadmoor for the rest of his earthly, and the blog has to be remodelled.
When the Laurelwood Public House opened its doors in Hollywood several years ago, I was one of the many who stormed its doors and enjoyed Christian Ettinger’s fine craft ales. Having loyally supported its predecessor, the Old World Pub, through its lean times, I was thrilled to have a high-quality brewpub within stumbling distance again. I’ve brought many a thirsty palate to this spacious, attractive spot and consider many of the pub’s employees to be friends.
'Twas the 30th of July, 2002, the 400th birthday anniversary of Reverend Samuel Stone. The First Congregational Church was celebrating the event with a public reading of his most erudite works. As we arrived, Reverend Peebles, a descendant of Reverend Stone, was reading aloud from his ancestor's well-known and very illuminating explanation of "Why Socrates Is Not Plato, Nor Plato Socrates." We were not surprised to see Natasha Guttbalm, the local TV station's fledgling reporter on the Religion and Philosophy beat, paying rapt attention to Reverend Peebles as he read from the text...
So it would be interesting to know how much of your talents you think others see in you, because it’s a good measure of how much of your potential you are actually using at work. And based on your personal assessment, you might also like to extrapolate to the people around you at work. There will probably be someone who is fulfilling a lot more of their potential than most, and they are likely to be the role model for people around them. Well done if you’re that person! This is leading by example.
Here is a close-up of the image. I can't find any challenges to enter this in. Everything I tried there was something that didn't meet the requirements. Oh well. The copics used are:
Oh I have definitely enjoyed my first day of 'holiday mode' in HK which was spent eating Vietnamese with a friend and then mooching around the shops with my aunt. It's definitely been nice to experience working in HK and while I expressed my desire to stay a little longer in my last post...it's something that is certainly do-able in the future but not right now. High on my list of things to do when I move back home is to find a job in London and move there pronto. I suppose I'm lucky that I get to come back to HK often and I know the next time I'll be back will probably be with my parents and sisters in tow, maybe in a year or two! But let's not jump ahead too much, I still have a few weeks which means lots of lunches, meet ups and shopping with friends and family. Excellent.
And how about those sudden stoppers? You know those people walking in front of you in the middle of the sidewalk that just suddenly stop? These are the same people that stop at the top of escalators or right after walking through a door. Are they so lonely that they crave the crotch to butt rubbing from a complete stranger? They’re just walking along and something catches their attention?
FORT LAUDERDALE, Florida (AP) – A Fort Lauderdale company that hires crews for yachts is facing damages after an employee accidentally sent an email to an applicant saying she wasn’t hired because she’s “black and over weight.”
Recently, a Long Island, New York woman was shocked when she checked the mail and received a letter from the U.S. Treasury -- but it wasn't for her.
A few days ago i received my copies of the newest book by D.J. Moores, titled “Wild Poets of Ecstasy”. I am thrilled and honored to have contributed my fractal artwork “Psychedelic Spirals” to be the cover art for this fantastic publication.
Dr. Joseph Gold, the director of the Syracuse Cancer Research Institute, discovered that the chemical hydrazine sulfate has many positive effects in cancer patients, including stopping weight loss, shrinking tumors, and increasing survival rates.
Jack and Jill is, without question, one of the most aggressively unpleasant films I have ever seen, one which is rarely funny and aims for the lowest common denominator at all times. As far as I can see, the construction of Jack and Jill breaks down as follows: 25% cameos (in addition to Pacino there's also Shaq, Jared Fogle, John McEnroe, Regis Philbin, Bruce Jenner and many, many more), 30% toilet humor, 15% mild misogyny, 20% undeserved sentiment (the first two acts and the last will make you retch for entirely different reasons), and 10% lack of understanding about the difference between identical and fraternal twins. Of course, acknowlegding that male-female twins are only ever fraternal would mean sacrificing both the joke about how Jill is the "nocturnal twin" and the entire purpose of the film, which exists solely so that Sandler can play his usual angry manchild character and be in drag.
Pratyush: – I am yet to find Miss right for myself who can be Mrs perfect. You got your Mr right, but I am not as lucky as you are. (Smiles)
I dragged out the old Ricoh and passed it down, the only heirloom I have to give her. We spent a huge chunk of today going over it, watching the light meter go from negative to positive, learning how to adjust the gross focus, how to check where the sun was before shooting, how to load the film and how to hold the camera steady. In short, a high speed, low-drag crash course in photography.
Basal body temperature: 36.3 C.
Dearborn’s current Amtrak train station, built four decades ago south of Michigan Avenue and east of the Southfield Freeway, will be reutilized.
I have plans to visit Brazil in 2013… more on that and how you can JOIN ME soon…
Freshly ground black pepper- 1 1/2 tsp
Map it out.
Reduce heat to low, stir to prevent sticking and cook until corn is tender adding more milk if needed. Add butter if desired instead of the bacon grease but whatever you do, add the bacon.
Bought an amazing vari-ac for $7 and an 8-track player recorder for $5. The 8-track was a disappointment, it works but I forgot how bad 8-track were.
I've got doctor's appointments on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday morning, so I needed my isolation pod to be somewhere close to town. But it also needed to have wifi (for work), be reasonably priced (because the medical bills are rolling in fast and furious), and to be pleasant (for sanity's sake). So I started looking for someplace out at Lakeway, Lake Travis or Lago Vista. I finally found the PERFECT place and emailed the owner and said (basically)--Hey dude, I see you've got a vacancy, and for medical reasons I need to be isolated in a place where I can cook and do everything else for myself, but I can't afford a hotel. Would you be willing to cut me a deal that could benefit us both--you get a M-F tenant, and I get a break on the price? And guess what: he's a decent human freakin' being who not only waived the cleaning fee, but came down to $85/night for me.
Speaking of cleaning, there is a more long term project that the city has going and that is the Adopt-a-Street program. This is the promise by an individual or group to keep a street free from litter, and again, lets visitors and residents know how much our community is valued. The materials are provided by the City and even displays a personalized sign on the adopted street. Those interested may call 256-760-6460 or 256-760-6495.
The only way to solve the fear, and to feed the excitement is to write, and the more you do it, the more the excitement overcomes the fear. But the fear never goes away, and if it did I think the writing might die.
Live Action Short Film
“Amid all the chaos, a group of people I don’t even know started a Web site to defend me against all the obnoxious, hurtful accusations being recklessly thrown around. It was a tongue-in-cheek site in which people could post colorful descriptions of me. The actor and activist Chuck Norris alerted me to one of his favorites: Jan Brewer eats scorpions for breakfast.
"The one who gets to the end first is ME."
I had thought that the CCI made a major low at 546 back in late-December but that prediction is beginning to look a bit iffy. Let’s see how the remainder of the week works out. Oil is big here. Either the correction since the high in late-February has run its course and it is about to run again. Or, if it falls below $100 it wouldn’t be hard to see it coming down to $90.00-$97.00. If the equity market is still in correction mode towards 1300-1340 the positive correlation with oil since March 2009 would suggest that oil is headed lower. As I mentioned above, let’s see which scenario pans out. We should have a pretty good idea by the end of the week.
I don’t know where it came from. My dad, laughing when I mentioned it at Christmas, the room full of tinsel and warmth and a bit too much wine, suggested a garden centre. I doubt that. All I know is that it’s been here longer than I have, part of the grounds before we bought the house and left by the previous owners who ran as far as they could from it, and ended up crossing the world to live in another country, to get away from that thing in their garden.
He learned about Earth Day, and how to fish and garden in Minnesota. He cooked a hotdish, and learned about fashion. He read favorite books, and packed school lunches.pictures of taking pictures
Nets brass continued to maintain that the logos were designed by Jay-Z, though actual design work seems beyond his tastemaking skill set and NetsDaily's Net Income/Bob Windrem suggests another designer did the nitty-gritty work.
I haven't written on here in awhile. Partly b/c I am so busy, but at the same time I have been struggling with some stuff that I just didn't want to deal with. And if it is not in writing, then I am fine right?
DISCLAIMER: Although some things were borne out of the writer's imagination, certain events may have transpired and resemblances to actual events, people, and places can exist.
258 5. “Professor Jaffa and That Old-Time Religion.” Harry V. Jaffa, ed., Original Intent and the Framers of the Constitution: A Disputed Question (Washington, D.C.: Regnery Gateway, 1994), pp. 359-68.
When I read Dubliners. I suppose I was about 19. While I’d been writing bad poems, the odd juvenile short story, and the like; it had never really occurred to me before then as an actual possibility. But, the language of that book, coupled with my enormous naiveté, made me believe it was something I could do.
(h) to declare the suspension of the collection of credits or the payments of debts:
We have been wondering why the Ontario Real Estate Association has not been communicating about the issue of turbines and property values; turns out the membership has asked them to, and now they are. This is from Chris’ blog a few days ago.
Is cast into agnostic
I agreed to serve on the board of Super Body, Super Brain because I believed in the concept before it was executed —before all the copycat books popped up on shelves. Michael has spent a tremendous of time studying neuroscience, the brain and fitness –and you’ll be surprised to learn after reading how it’s not a gimmick. He is a good friend and he’s dedicated to making a difference in the way people approach fitness. You can’t have a fit body without having a fit mind. I would start with Spencer Lord’s book, which will show you how to be mindful. Then, move on to Super Body, Super Brain.
Are you leading and teaching by example?
Wishing you all a terrific first week of April. It's the start of two weeks school holidays here for us. Our 16yo daughter has already printed out a calendar of her planned events and asked me to pencil in what I have to do. :-) How nice of her.
To me, it's surprising that some of the recipes I have posted haven't received that many views. You can see all of them if you click "daily dish" on my sidebar, but the Tagine that I made didn't get much love (although very much loved by my belly). Now that we're in winter, I'm definitely going to be making this more often - it's excellent comfort food and super simple given that you can leave it in the crockpot all day, with the added benefit that it makes the house smell delicious.
throughout the whole world
As leaders, we need to think about whether the culture of our organization is one where people are comfortable sharing mistakes and what did not work as much as they celebrate successes. It requires us to consistently set a tone and nurture an atmosphere where people are willing to speak up about mistakes so that we can work collaboratively to fix them. It requires us to talk openly about mistakes we have made as leaders, take responsibility for them and work deliberately to fix them. It requires us to be willing to seek input from others in the organization about the mistakes we may have made. Jim Collins talks about the need for people in organizations to confront the brutal facts – this can only happen if we work continuously to respect and value the tough things that our team may share, and support the creation of a culture where our team members speak courageously to each other as well.
Sweet and Spicy Broccoli
Big endeavor but there are a few, like numbers 2 and 3 that are so close to happening I can taste them.
I also wanted to let you know that TSB is having digi day this weekend (as I mentioned above we have a LOT of FUN and there's FREEBIES). Saturday March 12 from 2-4pm EST at TSB Papercraft Planet Group. I'm going to try and make it - but I'm scheduled to work and I need to take the kids to see Grandma & Grandpa so I might be MIA - but I'll be thinking of you and how much fun you'll be having!
surreal things
straightening them and brushing dust off of them. The
Also, we have checked with other Sheffield sources, and Surratt is still incarcerated in their city jail and is under investigation for other crimes. He is being held for an alleged intruder type sexual attack that occurred in the city. We have not published comments from Surratt's family due to the language involved. We are happy to look into this further, but suggest the family contacts the City of Sheffield as to the error.
From time to time artists are being asked this endless discussion provoking question: what is it in the artist’s mind that makes him create? There are infinite amount of answers to that so in that case I suggest looking at it the other way. What there is not in their mind that allows them to generate and manifest those extraordinary ideas?
A SIMPLE DIFFERENCE between a corporate key person and an industrial machine is that the person has a soul. The physical body has the disadvantage of having virtually no salvage value for its working parts. And on top of that, it must periodically halt production and rest in order to continue functioning.
elections would be held under the auspices of a coup regime, the UN,
Would you eat them with O-U,
South Africa, who finished third in Hong Kong, headed the draw in Pool D, where they will face Samoa, Scotland and Portugal.
This must be the yellow dress with back zip many folks have mentioned at JCA. I think I saw it in the store, but I have two yellow dresses already (a back-button deco dot version and a pique knit version), so I definitely have zero need for another...but this is really pretty and seems perfection for casual Fridays in the heat of the American summer.
I found out today that Eric will be on the radio for the last time on Monday, after 15 years. I’m a little pissed that he didn’t talk with me about this. Oh, he has no idea who I am, but I have been listening to his show in the morning for years. His day ended at 10:00am and that’s what time I would turn off the radio. That’s when I was a stay-at-home mom and was ready for the funny farm. I had little adult conversation and listening to Eric made me feel like ranting had such purpose. His sarcasm and ramblings made my day.
I LOVE how it turned out!
Fat-free milk
380g (13oz) courgettes, grated with skin on
He is super-duper smart and talks so intellegently.
The programme looked at several cases of children with poor dental health and investigated fluoride in the UK’s water system as well as Scotland’s Childsmile scheme that started in Glasgow and is now being rolled aout across the country, speaking to nurses who carry out fluoride varnishing in schools.
The novel starts with Matthew, a young husband who decides to embark on a journey to find the cradle his wife remembers from her childhood home. Her mother ran away when she was a child and took, among other things, this cradle. Due to give birth very soon with their first child, Matthew decides to try and hunt it down to bring home to his wife.
First step to fast hair growth is proper and frequent conditioning. Hair needs protein and moisture to grow healthy and elastic. And to reduce the hair damage, you need to reduce your usage of heat device. Sometimes people have the split ends while the hair grows, and if you have that case, trim the ends little bit every time you find the split ends.
It was one thing wanting to be a punk, it was quite another to getting to hear the music so Peel was the way in. One night he announced he was going to play the new single by The Clash. This was exciting. I knew who they were but had never heard them. How would they compare to Never Mind The Bollocks, which my school friend had nicked from his brother to give to me? I loved that album, even if – and maybe especially because – I had to hide the sleeve from my mum and knock off the sound during the potty-mouthed abortion bit in “Bodies”. I can’t remember Peel’s introduction but do recall my utter disbelief and disappointment when “This Is Radio Clash” filled the airwaves. What on earth was this hippity-hoppity New York street funk nonsense supposed to be? How was this punk?
Did he drink too much? He wondered. He just had a few drinks.
And evil villains make for good stories.
That would have been that, deeds done by good Samaritans, if the Spanish tourists had arrived on time.
There's just something so great about lace on cotton :D
One of my favourite parts of the book were the intense fighting scenes. By 'intense' I don't mean gruesome and bloody. There was one scene between Jack and some robots which was great and full of action and suspense. This Mom of three was on the edge of her seat. More of that in future books, please!!
So this week, the Mr. & I have selected this to be the best meal of the week. She was kind enough to send the Mr. the recipe right after lunch - here is her email ! No picture this week, I ate it too fast, but believe me, it's totally worth making. PS - this makes a big batch.
Oh - our other spot here at Senator Wash was probably a scorpion nursery! Remember a large Arizona Barker scorpion ran past our lawn chairs - well, there was a baby one by our back RV jacks. Equal amount of venom. None have been seen at the new location - whew!
There was once dragons at Mt Imbiah. Legend was told that a princess once ruled this island. Along came a mighty dragon to maim and conquer but alas….wait a minute…..that is a different story!……
...before coming to a standstill in front of these two bags. The one below is the bag that based a wave of hysterical fashion Tweeting because it recharges mobile phones, something I wish my handbag could do, especially during the shows. Richard created the bag with his sponsors Vodafone, whom he has partnered with for the second time for AW12 "we wanted to create a collaborative product that fused technology and fashion," he said. "So we came up with the idea of doing a charging bag that charges your mobile device on the go, which is especially relevant because this collection is about the notion of work and all its facets in modern times."
What I’ve completely neglected to mention somehow is my love of musicals. That counts as music, right? Well, that greatly influences my music selection, at least. I’ve always liked them, but when I realized how much I liked them was in 5th grade. For those of you who are decoding everything I write, it has nothing to do with why I take no more guitar classes. I realized this musical love when my friend wrote a play for our gifted class to perform. I’m sorry if you’re reading this, but it was horrible. I loved it. From then on the best teacher ever who I was two years away from taking was being a beautiful human being. My sister took her class at this point. My dad was in a meeting with her about my sister (don’t worry, nothing bad) and he mentioned how I really liked the acting and if there was an acting opportunity for me at the school. She replied that there wasn’t one, but she informed him of a summer program at my local professional theatre and of a scholarship that I won. There were three classes that we all took each day at the conservatory: acting, song, and dance. We were to memorize something from each (acting – a monologue – mine from Rocky Horror, song – well, a song – mine was Wendy from Peter Pan, and in dance we all learned the same dance) and perform them to the teachers in an audition format. The best from each class got picked to perform them for the parents. I got to perform all three. I also got the Best in Acting award. From there, I auditioned for two things: a Christmas Story and Peter Pan. I made it in Peter Pan. My second audition ever. I was John, therefore I flewd. I had the most fun there than in anything else at the time. I auditioned for one other thing, along with two other people from PP. I didn’t make it. But I just got old enough for a teen theatre troupe that I auditioned for. The play was called Shakespeare-ience. I played Shakespeare.
If the number of personal emails I received after writing a post on the designs of The Good Wife is any indication, this new venture should be a huge winner.
I've never made pesto before. What a shame that was. It was super easy! I mean, how many recipes can claim to add every single ingredient all at the same time? I love when it happens.
Well, I started well didn't I (I wish LOL) with just one post in the month of January.
I asked Anna what prompted her to open this type of business, which she said came from her love to knit and the need to fill a niche for fellow knitters. She would like customer's to know that hers is a friendly and warm environment and she enjoys hearing their stories about knitting and crocheting and who has taught them, such as their mother or grandmother.
So...this blog will remain inactive for the next eight weeks, because Rich, Victoria and I will be reporting to Quantico for special training next Monday. At the end of our training, we'll be issued our badges and guns, and begin our tour of the country. We'll be traveling on and off for the rest of this year, both singly and as a team. We'll maintain the blog as best we can, and we know we can count on your understanding and support, because much of our work won't be something we can discuss publicly.
PEOPLE: Directed by the same guy who directed the…California Raisins animated series (1989)? And some episodes of Garfield & Friends (1994), The Incredible Hulk:TAS (1997)? Let’s face it. This project has VERY FEW people involved in anything significant. Even the main voice actors aren’t well known.
This show was on in the fall and I have no idea if it’s coming back or if it’s been canceled or what. It’s the newest Fox sitcom that will likely get canceled after a season. This show holds up surprisingly well under repeating views (there are so many jokes that you miss about 1/4 of them the first time through). I wanted this show to be awesome because so many of the Arrested Development cast is involved here. And it’s mostly very good. I think the last few episodes have really shown off the writing chops.
The culture-at-large is not a culture of peace. Our culture is not singing a song of hope. Our culture's theme song is "Me, Myself and I in Our Virtual Life."
She also mentioned her husband’s business was not doing well and that they now needed their boat to be sold before buying mine. It was pretty obvious to me their stories kept changing and I’d lost hope of the sale ever going through. At this point, I even made the offer to her of dropping the price of my boat by $25K which was even more than the $23K they’d needed for the taxes, and I knew they had been approved for $300K by their bank. She declined my reduced offer and she finished off once again telling me they’d be coming after me for the deposit and expenses and we left it at that.
even though for months, i knew it was time.
Soon enough the cage was sealed. The boy I never saw worked silently as Ilena's beautiful visage blossomed on its surface.
I was torn, because honestly, The Love She Sought gave the movie more of a desperate-creepy-sad vibe, the kind of title I would usually mock. Right before skimming over it. But in that split-second decision, it was the trippy-weirdness that kept me from returning to the main menu. And not more than a few moments later, I found myself completely drawn into story.
Marian Hossa has long been known as one of the game’s best playmakers. Over parts of 14 seasons spent with Ottawa, Atlanta, Pittsburgh, Detroit, and Chicago, the 33-year old forward has amassed 926 points (429-487-926) in 978 career games. In 2011-2012, his 77 points was the highest scoring output since since 2006-2007, when he scored a career high 100 with the Atlanta Thrashers.
What's on the menu:
She set a beautiful example for letting the Holy Spirit continue to use her when most people would feel that there were no more opportunities.
Twist and Shout. On the radio. Those were the days. Bring 'em back.
Step 6: Once a trade is executed, go back set a new buy stop/sell stop order in that direction in your 1 – 5 year range of history and start over again. Manage the period so you are not overtrading. You should never have more than 30 microlots open per $3000 at any given time.
Dr. Seuss
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flours.
After awhile, of course, it reached the point of uncomfortably hot. Did I walk to the water with Rachel, or with Lauren? I don’t remember, but what I do remember is this:
The minister said that the last time something like this happened was three years ago, when a Bill was sent back to the Dewan Rakyat.
SDLP West Belfast councillor Tim Attwood condemned the shooting .
The place is a labor of love for owner Jim Chappell, a longtime friend of former Kansas City and Oakland A's owner Charlie O. Finley. Chappell delights in leading first-time visitors from wall to wall, while providing background information about his collection's most interesting artifacts.
5. Unschooling parents are not 'hands-off'.
Just to be sure.
One more time it will be. A wedding on Friday the 23rd then not again.
Round 2: Ch 3. 2 dc in each dc around. (18 dc) Join with sl st to top ch of ch 3.
in that infected way that nearly killed
to listen to the new day
Shroom Ridge 2:05:123
I never got into detrimental credit card debt, and when I did get into a small debt, I paid it off.
Every three or four rows are taller cubicles that are maybe 7 feet high. These cubes have doors, but no ceilings, and they call them "offices". The top two feet are made out of Plexiglas, and remind me of snot-guards they put over cafeteria food.
Okay, so finally I can get to normal business like answering my reader mail! As a matter of fact, there’s a TON of it that’s piled up while I was away, so it’s probably going to take some doing to get through it all. So here we go…
Howard and his magical aspirations, Jessica tried to tell herself, were nothing to get worried about. In the week since their conversation she’d seen him twice, once when he needed to know her height and weight and once when he stopped by to fix their leaky faucet. Both times he seemed like the same old Howard she’d always known.
As a child, I searched for shadows. Under trees at high noon when the crown of an acacia tree from across our balcony covered its root space like a clipped parasol, I’d creep to it and hug the ancient roots, basking in its shadow. By the stream where my grandmother scoured the soot off the iron rice pot and skillet, I’d haunt the silken strips of shadows under bamboo groves. I waited on the engorged shadow of a kingfisher that never failed to fly by.
My twisted view of life is a blessing and a curse. I have what Homer Simpson would call a Crisi-tunity. Without The Kid and Steve I find myself without someone who I can look at while I talk to them every single day. I have been throwing myself into what bits and pieces of work I have found by free lance writing. It also keeps me from focusing on the fact that I have maybe twelve weeks to sell Steve’s house so I don’t have to pay another year’s house taxes on an empty place.
I had this metal butterfly in a drawer. I thought it would be nice to connect the tag and the frame with something, so I painted it with white Gesso and distressed it with Distress Ink Walnut Stain.
● £4,200 from Michael William Hawkes between 2004 and 2006.
2. As moronic as it sounds, clean your house! And the garage! And the side of the house you haven’t visited in a few years! And the closets! And the garage again!
I sat in Sunday school devising the quickest route to her room in case the pager ever went off. I kept my shoes on in worship (which is rare) just in case I needed to run suddenly. I checked the pager frequently to make sure it was working and still blinking at me.
I want to go down the rabbit hole into “this” with you.
Second, we need real health reform, not the Obama style, but we need health reform that allows her to buy in. And Dr. Paul is right. She ought to get the same tax break whether she buys personally or whether she buys through a economy.
His first book is The Sweetness At The Bottom Of The Pie. Anne hasn't read it yet, but the customers who bought it have recommended it as a good read.
A young lawyer, struggling with work after the death of his wife, is sent to a remote village to settle the estate of a deceased eccentric woman who owns an English manor. The village residents want him to leave as they are trying to conceal a deadly secret. But he refuses, and soon discovers that the house of his client is haunted by the vengeful ghost of a woman dressed in black.
It is without question the case that Afrikaners face severe challenges in the ANC's South Africa. Individually they are under assault by ANC policies such as Black Economic Empowerment (BEE) and Affirmative Action (AA). These policies are not mildly applied as in other Western countries, but are draconian in their scope, and are based on the idea of a wealth transfer from white to black, rather than the generation of new wealth to empower black South Africans which were sidelined by apartheid. Afrikaners further face the complete undermining of their institutions, from primary and secondary schools, universities and businesses (such as the defunct Volkskas, a bank built from the pennies of savings that small and impoveriched Afrikaner kids brought to school in the 1920's and 30's). Afrikaner farmers face land reform and invasion, sometimes apparently driven by the agendas of foreign NGO's or by ANC warlords, and also suffer discriminatory practices at the Land Bank and other government-related institutions which normally have a mandate for assisting farmers.
The positives that I have identified are:
She travelled by an airplane for the first time to receive this award. A well-known face in the district, not even once has she thought of leaving her job or village due to harsh circumstances, thanks to her husband’s support.
Both roxanainflight and roxanalinlight will co-exist, but the new blog will be dedicated to helping others deal with their internal issues, as well as providing them with guidance towards a more positive approach to life.
For those who are unfamiliar with this root vegetable, Jerusalem artichoke is related to the sunflower, not artichokes, and grows as a flowering bush, about 1.5m tall, bearing pretty yellow flowers over summer. The roots develop an impressive amount of bulbous tubers, which look similar to ginger. Plant in spring or summer and harvest the roots after the flowers drop (in Autumn) through to winter.
8. Do you prefer to exercise at the gym, at home or outside? I workout at all three; I like to keep my workouts varied. I’d hate to have to choose, and feel thankful I have access to all three.
Here's a quick peek at how the flower image looks when finished.
* Once the kids had mastered the basics, I added the Arctic and Antarctic circles.
The attitude of some Indians toward blacks prompted me to compare what was happening here in America with the Trayvon Martin case. It is believed by many that Zimmerman did not like blacks and his comment on the 9-1-1 call to the police in which he said, “these a**holes always get away,” (3) has been interpreted by some to indicate young, black males. It has been said that Zimmerman and many Hispanics have a dislike for African Americans. How do immigrant Hispanics, Indians and other minorities, who have very little interaction with blacks, learn this aversion? Some of it can be blamed on the media and on the entertainment world. But I think the root of the problem is much deeper.
(Professor Rashib exits. Anwaar resumes writing.)
Attached hood with drawcord closure
I'm guessing he didn't feel too great if he went right to bed afterwards either.
Gimme what you got, I'll handle it, I've learned from the best.
The mayor of a village in southwest France has threatened residents with severe punishment if they die, because there is no room left in the overcrowded cemetery to bury them.
So we planted the rest of our potatoes, knowing we are a little late for them. But we are giving them a go anyways.
Book Two of the Legend Chronicles
A man who has a brain injury and undergoes treatment to repair it, which enhances his intelligence.
I will be back during the week to post some new pin cushions I have made.
*If you're planning on purchasing this dvd, I suggest purchasing the Ultimate Fan Edition that is Wal-Mart exclusive. It includes bonus special features and has seven minutes of Eclipse footage.
Since Reagan, the United States has fallen victim to the most deluded and destructive sect of the cult, “Libertarian/Anarchist” economics. Known variously as the “Chicago School” or “Austrian School”, its witch doctors included Milton Friedman and Alan Greenspan, both former acolytes of that psychotic priestess of greed, Ayn Rand.
So, what do you think?
Mitt Romney returned from a three-week spring break in 1965 to resume his studies as a high school senior at the prestigious Cranbrook School. Back on the handsome campus, studded with Tudor brick buildings and manicured fields, he spotted something he thought did not belong at a school where the boys wore ties and carried briefcases. John Lauber, a soft-spoken new student one year behind Romney, was perpetually teased for his nonconformity and presumed homosexuality. Now he was walking around the all-boys school with bleached-blond hair that draped over one eye, and Romney wasn’t having it.
2. I think Ann is the one who asked me what my passion is. I answered photography. So, I'm going to do something about it. My first class starts September 7th!
After all none of us were born with anything more than the basic set of Survival Strategies to ensure we actually don’t die. We add our own layers as we grow up. Built from what we learnt from our parents and those we come into contact with, how we were treated and past circumstances. And at various moments in our lives we’ve made key decisions which have led to who and how we are today. And sometimes these key decisions are made in moments of crisis.
Mineral makeup is another cosmetic choice for women
I thought the ending was fantastic! It was unpredictable and different--the characters went down their own paths and there was just something really great about the whole atmosphere. In the past couple of months I've just been reading nothing but contemporary YA (which I adore) and I'm not saying it's been getting boring (because contemp is NEVER boring) but whilst reading Zero I kept thinking to myself how original and just different the book felt. It was just really fab, okay?!
In each of these situations, I think the ideal outcome would be for Mary to be able to be removed from the abusive environment. I would encourage and help Mary to remove herself. As quickly as possible. I would give her a hug and tell her that no one deserves to be treated that way. I would reassure her that she would not have to face her abuser again.
“Teenage vampire Adam and his schoolmistress lover cause havoc for our heroes when they turn up at Honolulu Heights on the run from the press.”
I have made a front fly (which came out backwards, but ah, well)
2) My family
Hello there to all the new followers!
or a nervous young hare,
Welcome back to the stage the amazing technicolor Photoshop Nightmare, ladies and germs! Not only is Zeta-Jones' head threatening to leave her shoulders right quickly AND is about 20 times more tan than the rest of her body, it's probably a safe bet that they just slapped a pic of her noggin atop a hastily-assembled mannequin from a Macy's closeout. And how bad is it when it looks for everything like even the WASHING MACHINES weren't in the same room as the actors? So what does that leave us with? Justin with panties in his mouth. Hopefully this wasn't all built around his old iPhone pic files....
The government would also have to make a determination as to which programs would have the greatest benefit for society-at-large. Soft disciplines like humanities would suffer in favour of technical disciplines – engineering, medicine.
taste buds and makes you drool when you view
She thinks it's fun: first, show her how much fun you can be outside the bedroom. Studies have shown that 25% of women are more likely to find a man attractive if he has a good sense of humor (see! its not as cliche as you think it is) and were then 31% more likely to think of him as a suitable mate.
ask for pictures.
On a day of glorious sunshine the Vikings returned last Saturday to Rothesay Castle. This time the islanders welcomed them as part of a weekend conference and fun day organised by Discover Bute.
At the end the story will raise many questions especially if you are a girl. Personally I know at least five of my friends who have gone more or less through similar situations so I think this topic is worth writing.
It was her. She saw herself lying motionless on the bed. Her hands flew to her mouth. Strewn on the bed were various pills that she had dropped while engulfing many others. On the nightstand in arm’s reach was not much left of a tall glass of wine and an empty bottle.
One of the great thrills of my life was being a guest with Larry Munson for a Georgia football game. This was a thrill for a two reasons. One is that college football in the South is religion … and Larry Munson was Billy Graham. He did not call Georgia football games, he preached football games -- with humor and gospels and hell and brimfire and the story of miracles.
THE KILLERS — OUT OF THE PAST — LOST HIGHWAY. LH repeats the noir plot device that when a man wants to disappear, he becomes a garage mechanic in a small town. Both Burt Lancaster, an ex-boxer, and Robert Mitchum, a former PI, manage this surprising career change. (A garage also features in BLUE VELVET, and both this film and LOST HIGHWAY feature disabled African-Americans among their staff. Not sure what we can make of that except that Lynch likes what he likes.)
First, these targeted strikes are legal. Attorney General Holder, Harold Koh and Jeh Johnson have all addressed this question at length. To briefly recap, as a matter of domestic law, the Constitution empowers the President to protect the nation from any imminent threat of attack. The Authorization for Use of Military Force—the AUMF—passed by Congress after the September 11th attacks authorizes the president “to use all necessary and appropriate force” against those nations, organizations and individuals responsible for 9/11. There is nothing in the AUMF that restricts the use of military force against al-Qa’ida to Afghanistan.
To stand fast signifies that there will be opposition from those who want to entangle us in bondage. Again we seethe religious opposition to the truth that is in Jesus Christ.
I tapped the pen against my lips. I hadn’t quite figured out what to do with an entire race from a defunct planet.
Once again I find myself at a crossroad: do I go left, right, forwards or backwards? Backwards is not an option. That which is seen cannot be unseen. Do I continue to fight? Do I cave in and admit that the fight is, ultimately, unwinnable?
Bayeux Morgan III, CEO, STAR America Aviation Company
Also located on Honshu, Hakushu is Suntory's other distillery, founded in 1973. Hakushu creates a wide range of whiskies, included both peated and non-peated malts. Suntory recently released their first Hakushu in the US, the peated 12 year old ($55). I've had some Hakushus but nothing from their peated line, so I can't speak to that one. Overall, I've preferred the Yamazakis to non-peated Hakushus.
I got this recipe from a podcast sometime in the last quarter, of last year and the first thing that caught my attention, was that the recipe is quiet an easy one. I baked it just once last year but without nuts. I loved it but the thing was I went on break from baking till I had to bake a cake for my elder sister’s birthday in december.
Its a hard highly regulated, high risk, high reward and competitive business. Hence brutes are required to run them.
The road up to the pass gradually sunk into the surrounding rock. The road was carved or blasted out of this very strange looking porous black and red rock. The rock had scant vegetation growing on the sides I could see. The road went deeper into the rock where it rose up to five feet in height on either side of my car as I traveled down this new highway. My field of view was limited to what I could see upwards at an angle while sitting low in the car driving. To my left, as I drove up to the pass through the rock, I saw the butting head of a knobby mountain top. The mountain top was black and half of its face caved in or fell away at some time in its history. The side so caved in was sheer up and down for what looked like a thousand feet.
The United States had prepared their naval build up in the Middle East based on the assumption that the greatest threat they would face is mines being deployed to shut down the Strait of Hormuz and a few Iranian warships trying to protect those mines.
We don't have to be the self centered, egoistic, who/what's going to service me next people if we don't want to.
Well worth a beautiful, winding trip from the nearby towns of New Paltz and Rosendale. Be sure to check out the small falls in the town of High Falls, and spend some restorative time at Minnewaska State Park, Mohonk, and exploring the Shawangunk Mountains (known as “the Gunks”) for a hike, bike ride, bouldering and world-class climbing. This area is rife with quaint inns, galleries, fantastic live music, creative cafes and award-winning restaurants. Get lost for a few days of bliss meandering your way through the bustling college town of New Paltz, picturesque Rosendale and up north to Woodstock. Autumn is an especially spectacular time to visit this region.
Yesterday’s appointment marked a milestone, as we heard the baby’s heartbeat for the first time with the Doppler. Once the cold gel was on, Dr. M ran the Doppler along my abdomen until we heard something. At first, Tyler and I thought we heard something but Dr. M assured us, “That’s just you.” After a short moment later, a quick and melodic sound filled our ears, and Dr. M confirmed, “and… that’s NOT you.” My eyes started to tear up and Tyler had a one-of-a-kind smile. It was something to remember. Dr. M said the baby’s heartbeat sounded good and was around 150bpm.
When I think about that now, I just want to start drinking. I would have never taken my small children on a train across the country by myself. I had a hard enough time taking them across the county. But, then again, I only had two kids, a fact my mother made sure I knew time after time after time.
I think the best thing to come out of this article is seeing the true zealotry behind Ron Paul‘s candidacy. He’s really backed by fanatical, brainwashed children.
Remove fish and allow to cool before handling.
No, the news may not come back and sound like what we want to hear. But then again. It may. and no matter the outcome, or what the doctors see- we KNOW that God is working all of this out in Marissa's favor.
In the perfect world I would be able to find the time at least 3 times a week so that I could blog. But truthfully I just don't have the time. There is just way too many things going on in my life right now.
The editorial board here at DavisW’s Blog is anticipating a summer-long extravaganza of incessant yammering, and goes on record with this editorial as saying it doesn’t like the prospect one bit. We will not stand for endless stories about the cute blouse you almost bought, that back-handed catch in last night’s Mariners’ game, and those allergies that are going around right now. Anything short of you being hit by a meteor, spare us the details.
According to what was established by the Appeals Court’s Decision and considering what has resulted from the production of evidence during trial, the following FACTS are proved in an indicative way:
However, on Leibniz’ monadology, time is not ontologically real in the sense that the A theory implies. Instead, monads (which are immaterial atoms of substances, and are the fundamental building blocks of all other things which exist) are nodes of perception. They all perceive other monads according to a monad’s complete concept. If one is not familiar with Leibniz this is going to be a bit much to explain in one post, and I’d recommend reading Leibniz here. I’ve been thinking about Leibniz’ suggestion that the appetitive quality of monads is what explains the arrow of time and the phenomenon of time. Monads not only perceive, but they have appetite, and this causes then to move by their very nature from one state-of-perception to another. I find Leibniz’ system completely fascinating, and if it did not pose such problems theologically as it does I would likely accept it, since it makes so much sense of substantial form, animal perception, and in short solves almost all the paradoxes of metaphysics.
Recently I bought the third and fourth book in the Touch series (actually made the mistake of buying the third book twice! oops!). I can’t wait to tackle these, but currently there are also other books I want to read.
(This came out of reading in Psalm 78 this morning, remembering God’s faithfulness in desert times.)
Suzanne Woods Fisher is the bestselling author of The Choice, The Waiting, The Search, and The Keeper, as well as nonfiction books about the Amish, including Amish Peace. Her interest in the Anabaptist cultures can be directly traced to her grandfather, W. D. Benedict, who was raised in the Old Order German Baptist Brethren Church in Franklin County, Pennsylvania. Suzanne is a Christy Award nominee and is the host of an internet radio show called Amish Wisdom and her work has appeared in many magazines. She lives in California.
‘O render the idefatigable Labours of Mr. Flamsteed as useful and beneficial to mankind as may be , as well as to compleat the work already publish’d, it has been judg’d very necessary by his Executors to carry on, and perfect the following Sheets, which contain all the Constellations visible in our Hemisphere, wherein the ancient Figures themselves are restor’d, and the stars laid down in thier proper Places, with the greatest Exactness from his last corrected Catalogue.’
NOTE: The drawing engine is a direct port of HarmonyJS by ‘Mr Doob’. Also, we would like to thank Quasimondo for the brilliant ColorMatrix class.
Collect all 21 maps of Eriador to obtain a Map of Eriador (Only 8 available in this festival) = The title “Eriador Cartographile + 10 Turbine Points.
So how does this movie fare? Let's find out in the breakdown.
Thanks so much for stopping by and leaving some love. Your comments really make my day.
The good houses are the “triangles” and “square corners” of the sky. The triangles are houses 1, 5 and 9. The square corners are houses 1, 4, 7, and 10. (Yes, the first house is both a triangle and a square corner. It is the most important house in the horoscope.)
she said
Without further ado, I'll hand you over to Diane.
I hope you have a wonderful day~
The early version of our schedule had us eating here, but we weren't inspired by the menu. With some time still left to play with, we had the opportunity for a bonus round.
Sports and healthcare PR seem like the most obvious choice for someone who is interested in both PR and health and fitness, but I’m not entirely sold on these paths. Sports PR entails some rough hours that would be fun while I’m young, but when I have a family it will be tough. Healthcare PR sounds like a decent fit for me, too, but nonprofit work is difficult. I’d be up for the challenge, but I think there might be another choice out there that may suit me a little better.
"Ohhh. Is that for health class?"
” You can’t..”
Swedish detective Saga Norén is in charge assisted by Danish detective Martin Rohde.
Jeff is bored. Traci has become more of a nuisance lately. He doesn’t like the weight she gained. Traci has refused sex the last three times. When they do have sex, it feels like she’s doing him a favor. Traci doesn’t look excited enough or perform the way she did the first month. He’s done with her and he’s ready to move on. He’d like to keep her as a “fuck buddy” but nothing more. Jeff has been chatting with this new girl he met online, he’s going to meet her on Saturday.
Something you might know: David was the 49th major leaguer to hit a home run in his first MLB at-bat. It came against Jack Morris. It was also the only home run of his career. He was the Royals' hitting coach in 2005 and 2006.
Spitting small birds out of its belly, it is a shooter unit, but not a cool one. It’s ugly and not very useful. I preferred the Nightmares of old. One of the very important things for me, has always been the adorable little creatures you played with. I think that is another reason why I like Stronghold now. Their goblins are cute and have a gremlin kind of laugh that just make you smile every time you use them. Inferno has nothing like that, (missing the Imps) no charm, and their gating ability has become very hard to use, simply because for it to “load” your creatures must get “lucky” or “unlucky.” And once it’s finally loaded, it takes a turn for the gated creature to appear, by which time, you have won the battle. No, not cool.
As I have mentioned before, I have struggled with just about every aspect of sexual sin since, truthfully, before I can remember. Still as an adult, a married woman, the battle is fought daily. Old habits die hard and desire can be like an all consuming fire when it is not within God’s design. And to make matters worse, I constantly hear the words of the enemy when he says that I can’t possibly be saved because if I was, I for sure wouldn’t be dealing with this anymore.
Like ma like son.
Last night in an unexpected, almost rash decision, we put an end to the place we continue to sabotage our finances, our marriage, and our dreams for more. We cut them up and put them in a pile.
...and the beautiful understated way they have of putting things.
My very first trip to Cali was a flight into Reno, NV, staying with my (ex) boyfriend's friend somewhere between Sacramento and Reno. It was so beautiful. I learned I'm pretty bad at skeet shooting, and that "keeping up with the boys" when it comes to tequila shots is a pretty bad idea.
Michael Joseph Duffy, 29, Northport, N.Y.
CHAPTER IV THE PSYCHOLOGY OF PUBLIC RELATIONS
1. Fruitian – includes only raw/dried fruit, seed and nuts in their diet.
2 artificial
As the holidays approach and the excitement of the new baby grows, I’m trying not to get too distracted from our schoolwork. So far, so good. Math is coming in the form of Alpha Omega Lifepacs, just like the Language Arts. History is a slow go, mainly because we keep finding such fun and wonderful books to read. We really enjoy our history reading and every now and then we work on some lapbook project or other craft from our History Traveler series. I just can’t say enough good things about these resources. I highly recommend them for history supplements. We’re hitting science once or twice a week. Our studies here have been focusing on various topics we’ve come upon in daily life. For example, after spending a week in Florida during October, the last few weeks’ studies have been revolving around jelly fish, sea turtles, dolphins and the like. Lapbooks and films make the learning very memorable for the kids.
Here is the new Dreadskull counter I am working on... from a distance it looks like a blood splat when placed next to your model! (I also include goblin green in the printable PDF). Incidentally, all the new counters use symbols, not words- a nod to all my international playtesters (thanks guys and girls! Merci, Danker, Gratzi, cheers, er... skol... no thats not right... anyway... counters...)
be changed?
Postcard from: Otwock, Poland.
but at light he would fight.
me doing something really stupid
once thought-whispered to her the scent of ripe olives lingering in the air. Of the cool, tangy taste of wine, running like fire down her throat. Of warm, soft lips pressing hot breaths against plump thighs. Grandmama, who clung to the edge of the lake day after day after day. Hiding among bulrushes and cattails, and all to catch a glimpse of the man with the hat. One day, he didn’t come and grandmama coiled inside her hole never to surface again.
"No use to shout at them to pay attention. If the situations, the materials, the problems before the child do not interest him, his attention will slip off to what does interest him, and no amount of exhortation or threats will bring it back."
We always discover new places, but there are a couple of villages and wineries that we simply adore and try to visit as much as possible. Winery Walter J. Oster in Ediger-Eller is a good example. This winery has a long family wine-making tradition spanning back 15 generations. They cultivate about 5.5 ha of vineyards in Ediger-Eller, with 80 year old vines reflecting the region’s unmistakable taste and origin.
open to
If you’ve ever watched The Fast and The Furious, or heard about drifting, this is as close as you can get. Find an empty wide street or empty parking lot, accelerate to 30 mph and just pull the handbrake while steering to the left or the right at the same time. Going sideways in your car is lots of fun. You can even take an extreme driving course where they teach you how to do controlled skidding and handbrake turns (so you don’t crash your car or kill someone).
Bean: Is it camping time?
Patrick confessed something to me; God had spoken to him about having another child.
National Horse Protection Day
I always wish I knew how to paint. Painting seems amazing. I never really tried it. I always want to, but I never did. Maybe I will. I can’t imagine how painters can create such beautiful images. I think the act of painting is something so mythical, spiritual, something I cannot grasp.
Soooo, last night I went and tried to pick up the cards. I was immediately pissed off because it wasn’t a card. It was 20 – 5×7 prints. Really!?! We exchanged words & my mom told me to stop being so rude. I wasn’t being rude, I was just expressing my irritation.
dressing, or mayo, or olives, or all the fattening stuff, you can ask
The bands don't sound anything alike - they are all doing their own thing. What they share is a friendship, a mentality and approach that surpasses any superficial differences. This is not so much what you would call a 'scene'. It's a group of friends: Take Borko kicking off the movie with his lo-fi majesty against Hjaltalín's intricate baroque; múm's delicate patchwork against Reykjavík!'s drunken artwork or FM Belfast's ungovernable will to party (which marks the finale grande here). It's all there, and it works together because the shared idea is not a sound, but a feeling. This feeling is perfectly captured in Backyard.
Speaking of Wicker Park . . .
The Girl With The Red Hair
Sometimes the greatest harm comes from within – the ways in which we manage stress.
ZZ Top, in my opinion, is a hugely underrated band, they have longevity, hits and charisma to spare but are never considered a top tier band. ZZ Top is seldom picked as someones favorite and do not get their just deserts as an influence on other bands and musicians. People know who they are, how can you not?, and probably know their songs, but any way, I just feel they deserve more mind share than what they have.
Derek Jarman's Caravaggio presents itself as a loose, poeticized biography of the famed Baroque painter Michelangelo de Caravaggio, but in fact Jarman appears to be using his subject as a gateway into ruminations on art, love, violence and religion. The film reflects far more of Jarman than it does of Caravaggio, even with the painter at its center and his paintings restaged in elegant, shakily static tableaux vivants. There is little trace of a conventional biopic here: the broad outlines of Caravaggio's life are visible, but the elliptical, time-jumping narrative structure Jarman has chosen, all of it filtered through his subject's deathbed memories, ensures that this is anything but a staid, objective account of a life. This is something much messier, much more chaotic, but also in its way truer — if not to the facts, then to the spirit of the rebellious painter whose wild, passionate art so shook up the conventions of his time.
According to my therapist degree-seeking sister, see What’s my type?? Variety. blogpost, I have commitment issues. I dont like to commit to relationships, no matter what kind, whether it be relationships with men or updating my blog. However, I realize how crazy unfair that is, so this is what I’m going to do, I’m going to try, and I do mean TRY, to set up some sort of updating system that’s somewhat consistent. See how much I lobe you guys. Now dont go screaming Halleluyah just yet.
You may have some formal responsibility for quality improvement. On the other hand, it may be going on around you. Either way, especially if you have some managerial or supervisory role, you can influence the developments more effectively if you prepare yourself and others around you. In quality speak, become a Quality Champion.
The best ERA+ among them was Frank Viola in 1993 -- his 3.14 ERA was worth a 148 ERA+.
not sure yet, but i'll keep everyone in the loop.
Returning to the similarities that connect these films beyond the titles, they demonstrate the importance of sports in women's lives. Like No Look Pass (which screened at IndieFest in February and will screen at Cinequest this weekend and the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival later in March), it is clear how much sport has provided for these young women in helping define who they are. (In Salaam Dunk, the impact these women have on their American coach is quite endearing.) Yet these sports also need these women if they are to continue to be relevant.
Well, I am infamous for my plant killing skills. Trust me. Even my hubby calls me "the Morticia of the plant world". Plants come here to die. It's not pretty. But despite my knowledge of this, I keep on lying to myself! I got this on the way into Central Market with Patti a couple of weeks ago, maybe a week and a half. Because there's a killer (oh hahahaha) potato recipe I've been making that uses rosemary and I thought, oh boy, FRESH rosemary, how wonderful would that be? (Silly, stupid disillusioned woman)! So....we're walking through the store and a lady working in the deli department spotted it and said "oh, are you going to plant some rosemary? It's very hardy and easy to grow, it'll take over". I said, "yes, I'm going to try, but I kill everything"! She said "I can't get rid of mine, it keeps coming back, even after I put a big rock on top of it, it grew back up around the rock". I'm just shaking my head, thinking, lady, you don't know me, I'm the grim reaper of plants, seriously.
Narrator No little weed – putting the old one inside a new big one wouldn’t work either. I think the gardener would still notice!
“I don’t know…?” Naida looked puzzled, confused as why he would ask her that.
More than 7,500 people are diagnosed with cancer of the oesophagus in Britain each year. So 60 million plus people, if Don has his way, will pay higher taxes on their drink, in order to protect 7,500 people who get cancer, based on an old study and with no hard evidence to back it up...
Granola can be made according to individual taste and the ingredients on hand. The only basic ingredients needed are oats, oil, and sweetener. The proportions depend on individual taste and how "healthy" you want it. Here is a basic recipe with many options.
24. The Fair Haired Child
Next up, some hopefully tighter little reviews of the Shakrukh Khan films I discussed above.
16 Just Like Fire Would
I pray that we’ll meet someday and that I might make you smile.
And for some reason I never noticed La Taqueria before, the interior empty of patrons and the handwritten sign in the window convinced me it was new. Reading about it on Yelp I see the place has been around since at least last summer. Brooklyn Born needs to get out more often...
This blog post remains valid as each photographer should continually challenge their assumptions and the way they work. This is the only way to progress.
The details are as follows:
Happy crocheting my dears...
The Supreme Court’s decision in a 1989 case, Webster v. Reproductive Health Services revitalized the antiabortion cause. That decision upheld the rights of states to restrict abortion in several ways. The abortion debate now moved to the state legislatures, not the federal government. As the antiabortion activists were organizing around Robertson and the Christian Coalition, pro-choice organizations were working to mobilize their forces on the other side, to protect choice in Washington. The appointment of several conservative justices to the Supreme Court during the Reagan and Bush years ignited fears in pro-choice organizations that Roe v. Wade could be completely overturned. These organizations banded together to become Taxpayers for Choice and later Pro-Choice Washington, and created and supported Initiative 120, the Reproductive Privacy Act, to codify Roe v. Wade into state law. This was not a strictly grassroots effort. Many elected officials at the time, cochaired the effort, including Booth Gardner (then governor, a Democratic) and Joel Pritchard (then lt. governor, a Republican). As an indication of how political abortion had become, there were many diverse groups on both sides of the Initiative 120 debate. Pro-Choice Washington was made up of many organizations, including: American Association of University Women, ACLU, Asian Pacific Women’s Caucus, League of Women Voters, NARAL, NOW, National Political Congress of Black Women, Planned Parenthood Affiliates of Washington, Planned Parenthood of Seattle-King County, Religious Coalition for Abortion Rights, Washington Citizens for Abortion Choice, Washington State Political Caucus, Washington Women United and the Northwest Women’s Law Center. Groups that opposed 120 included: Human Life, Washington United, Washington State Catholic Conference, Christian Action Council of King County, Western Washington American Family Association. Although the legislation only affected Washington state, the Initiative received national support. Only 150,001 signatures were required to put the measure before the Legislature, but the initiative went to the Legislature with more than 242,000 signatures, the most ever gathered for an initiative in the state’s history at that time. Since the Legislature chose not to pass the initiative, it was presented to the voters on the November ballot. Surprisingly, it only passed by a very narrow margin, less than half of a percent.
Not possible for this to be the last day of high school; I see a 16- year- old driving to 10th grade.
The weather has changed.
Friends Holiday party
**Edited the next day** I replaced the shoes (and the other stuff) today and it happened to be the store manager who rang me up. I let her know what happened just so she could keep her eyes open for the same pair if someone tried to return them without a receipt and she felt so bad she gave me 20% off my entire order. So I bought myself some shoes, too. :) I really needed some shoes, too.
- Eshire (Pennsylvania, Cow)
It is, admittedly, harder to connect with the infantile rage and displaced homicidal impulses visible in certain particulars of his death…To prove once and for all that he truly didn’t deserve to be loved, it was necessary to betray as hideously as possible those who loved him best, by killing himself at home and making them firsthand witnesses to his act. And the same was true of suicide as a career move, which was the kind of adulation-craving calculation he loathed in himself and would deny (if he thought he could get away with it) that the was conscious of making, and would then (if you called him on it) laughingly or wincingly admit that, yeah, he was indeed capable of making.
3. The other three bishops, whose private correspondence was immorally leaked on internet, may cause difficulties, but only for themselves. The CDF stated today that they will be treated separately from the rest of the SSPX and individually. Despite what some inside and outside the Society are saying, I think this will prove a great benefit. What they say or do from now on will not affect the Holy See's dealings with the Society. While I'm sure that two of the three will work out agreements (and perhaps even the other one), even if they can't or are unwilling to do so, this will not have a deleterious backlash for the rest of the Society.
At this point, there were no documents to accompany the baby and her new parents back to the United States. Those I would discover in one of the best libraries in the world for doing such research—the local beer house, where expats hang out. It was in one of those pubs that I met my “librarians,” who even went so far as to share copies of the documents from their own Chinese adoption process. Paperwork aside, I also learned valuable information about the entire process and what pitfalls to hopefully avoid. I had moved at God’s bidding into the adoption business, and I planned to run that business as efficiently as I did my schools. God bless the fool with a big heart. (pp. 11-12)
“It seems he does,” said the Flight Leader. “And we must pick him up. He can’t die.”
We were lucky enough to visit Zach Pickens, Head Farmer at Riverpark Farm last week. Zach gardens in a temporary space. The 15,000 sq. ft. rooftop farm may have to moved next year, when the second tower of the Alexandria Center for Life Sciences is built.
Please, bring two more to The Reaper, Universe.
Nancy's anti-Semitic vandalism at left. A display she created in the mid-town Garment District.
As they talked, she imagined him reaching inside her blouse caressing her breasts, grabbing her forcefully while pulling her close to his rock hard chest. She fantasized about the stranger thrusting her hand down into his pants as she felt his throbbing long thick cock come to life. Oh, the thrill of her stroking his cock overwhelmed her sensations. She imagined playing with his cock as if it were her very own—attached to her body instead of the female parts she was born with. Her mind reeled at the thought of him pulling her down to the ground, lifting her skirt, ripping off her panties, and thrusting his big stiff cock into her tight wet vagina. A vision danced in her head of him forcefully fucking her—banging her as she gasped in ecstasy. Her senses felt him make one swift motion, pulling his semen-filled cock out of her dripping wet vagina, stuffing it into her mouth, pounding her face, and shooting his load…
Gaston Monescu knows how to “steal” a woman’s heart, or even two…
cousins 2nd birthday next month and I thought that
I quickly learned this was a very messy process...
If you know some Android modding and root this phone, you can install a custom kernel and some custom roms (operating system) the phone overclocks nicely from the stock 1.02 Ghz up to 1.8 Ghz! Being the first Playstation Certified phone, the Xperia Play is the only single-core phone with dual-channel custom programmed RAM coupled with it’s Scorpion CPU and Adreno GPU which is slightly tinkered by the Playstation engineers to guarantee a 60 frames per second output on all games.
I stitched signatures together...
Riva stepped back, as if sizing up the two of us — tall me, super short Marlene. Two over the hill ladies with over sized purses, plenty of grey hair between us, and sensible shoes. Okay, so my shoes are sensible. Marlene wears anything from combat boots to spikes. Thank the good Lord she wore sneakers today. Maybe not, she had a hole in the toe.
Often, however, I felt trapped, even in books and in Dungeons and Dragons, because the world I escaped to was just like the world I lived in – one in which people of African descent are perceived as – and treated like – second class citizens at best; as demons, Orcs (now, zombies) and other evils of the world at worst.
“We are disappointed that it got this far but we remain optimistic that this bill can be killed,” Richardson said. She said the big danger now was that a compromise would be drawn up which could still endanger civil liberties online.
At the same time, avoid or instruct producers and directors to avoid use of dialects in or poorly scripted movies or idiotic dramas as this is probably a foreign method to cause young people to turn their backs for a supposedly more ‘formal’ language like ‘English’. Again the insular classes as in the past should NEVER learn external languages and hire LOCAL translators for travel purposes if needed. Finally do not abuse non-users of own dialects or outsiders foreign or Chinese, even within China, as that dialect will have another opponent as well as the local community being considered rude. Lower tier areas of course are inhabited by coarser people and in general a map of areas considered socially unsuitable for foreigners and even locals could be developed and updated by Courtesy Auditors who could travel about and rate the locals in any given area. A culture of politeness borne of a desire to not be marked as a tourism or even local tourism unsuitable area could drive a society to be better.
Speaking of which, Prius has now not responded to my emails for a month. And without plans with Drummer for tomorrow night, I'm apparently going to a party at the Faux Hottie's, where I will no doubt see her co-hosting. Comfort and joy. Haven't heard at all from Yogini lately, either, and given that I'm sort of attached to her, that kind of hurts. I'm letting her go, though. And Yenta has been so busy, I've barely seen her either. I have more than enough friends to keep me busy, but it hurts to have these women I cherished get too caught up in whatever to see me. Almost ditto with Blondie, too. She's moving on to other friends, through Prius.
23. The Monster Mash - Vincent Price
To make the bottom section, I used the diagonal score plate for my Simply Scored to score a diagonal grid - with the lines spaced one inch apart - into a piece of Whisper White. Then I brayered Blushing Bride over it to show off the diamond pattern. We had fun making this one!
To turn gold or silver or any other created reality into a god or place it in service to idols is an affront to God who has given us creation to be enjoyed, not idolized (See Hosea 2:10-15).
RSPB
Dad came back very excited about what God was doing in James’ heart, but didn’t share much, because he wanted James to be able to share it with us himself.
Sugar Sugar by Wilson Picket
When the Bible next mentions women, Eve was created from Adam’s side. She was created as a Helper for Adam. Of course, this word helper has some unhelpful connotations today. People today think of the helper as the junior partner. This is not what was intended.
Problems in your relationship? Things aren’t what they used to be like when you first met her? Well, here is the ultimate guide to solving relationship problems–ten things you can do to end any argument and bring back the romance…
6. Then there is a 3 minute clip, in between commercials, of Jill and her Aunt Cookie being interviewed for Jill's sister Lisa's radio show.
I want to take a moment to wish friends and family an amazing and wonderful year in 2012.
head when he is told not to move because he
The card behind is red and the spider and web is the punched out black paper.
Oskar Blues Grill & Brewery Gordon Ale
She told me over and over again how she was in tune with the spirit of God. She explained that she had lived a clean life and God was working through her. About 25 years into the marriage she convinced me that one of our 4 daughters had a real evil problem and we needed to force her out of the house. I went a long with it. This daughter was not even permitted to associated with her other adult siblings.
Tim Bowser wasn't in, but he'd told me to get a sample of the Trout Stout they'd debuted on St. Pat's. I walked in, and saw two guys I'd met when I picked up the keg -- the assistant brewer and a friend of Tim's (and I obviously missed both their names, and I do apologize!) -- having lunch: a couple chunks of cheese, a loaf of fresh bread, a rough-looking ring bologna, and two pints of stout. What a great-looking lunch. I was handed a pint of stout -- excellent: bitter, refreshing, and tasty, hope it joins the lineup -- and we talked about how things had been pretty damned busy on St. Pat's. I finally had to ask: is that a local ring bologna? Yes, it was, from the meat market down the street, they made their own bologna, jerky (got some of that, too!), hams...yum. I got a ring, jerky, fresh-roasted peanuts, and a drink, and headed on down the road.
In the first manDala of the Rg vEda, there are 100 or more mantrAs by each RSi, so the RSis are referred to as s’atarcins.
new challenge on Thursday, March 8th!
The bar at Uncle Buck's is upstairs and was nicely appointed. The restaurant was dark, but there was plenty of light at the bar. Between Satan's friend and I, we sampled pretty much oneall the brewery had to offer. The saison tasted of butterscotch and I could only get one sip down. I ordered a pint of the IPA, and it was good. Until it warmed up and I could taste the butterscotch. So much for that pint.
Bake in preheated oven for about 35 minutes, or until the cake springs back when lightly pressed and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Remove from oven and place on a wire rack to cool.
The dialogue is scribbled as are the FX.
while her body would not last
* 12-time Grammy Award winner Alicia Keys performs her own extraordinary new version of the Blondie classic “Rapture”.
I framed it behind an old, weathered door frame with glass insets that I found at a salvage store. I don’t know how the glass survived but it did. It is a heavy piece but it hangs prominently on a wall in my apartment.
- garbanzo beans
Punches: 3" inch, 2" inch, and 1 1/2" inch scallop punches by EK Success
I like to give out my caramel popcorn in large mason jars, with a pretty piece of fabric over the lid and tied with raffia. The caramel popcorn will stay crunchy in the sealed jar for couple of weeks. Enjoy!
3. Possessions
I doubt anyone is reading this blog anymore, but here's a tune to relieve me of my headache just in case there is.
Who waits for me at gates of gold
Vallone said he is looking into legislation that would give drivers a grace period, during which they must learn to speak English. Drivers who fail to comply by the end of the grace period could lose their permit.
You already have 8 things on your list, and you haven’t even gotten to other things in your life that are good. It makes you feel “full” instead of “in lack” and that is a great thing.
So there are only four people left on American Idol...who are you hoping wins? My vote is for Haley Reinhart...she's amazing! The others are Scotty (the country kid), James (the rocker), and Lauren (the sweet country pop teen), what do you think?
I fired at her and turned and fled. I heard howls of pain but kept running. Her howls were joined by more howls and suddenly there were lionesses everywhere. They burst through the hedge walls and ran along the tops and every time I saw one I fired at it and kept running and turning and running and turning through the maze until I saw the big glass doors ahead of me. I ran as fast as I could and burst through the doors. A pride of lionesses were running towards the doors. I pushed them shut and jammed the gun through the handles to keep it shut. The lionesses rammed the doors but they wouldn’t budge. I walked backwards, watching the lionesses paw at the door to no avail. Something touched my back and I spun around and stared into the eyes of a lion.
They are longlasting, small enough to fit into the pockets of little pants, cheap enough you don´t have to worry when they get lost, and they involve recycling - all together that makes them quite a cool project, don´t you think?
"I have a career."
Last Thursday, the Supreme Court in Citizens United vs The Federal Election Commission ruled that US corporations are persons and are therefore entitled to spend as much cash as they please on political activities. In overturning 104 years of legal precedent, the high court decreed that said entities have the right to make our electoral system even more corrupt than it already is.
See, I decided to write a graphic novel script.
Well of course it didn't, but those were the days when the Russians had 20,000 tanks in Europe. I had met various people who had had experience of Communism red in tooth and claw, particlarly Polish people, and we all felt that the West had to resist. I wouldn't have objected if I'd been called up again. There were various illusions that young men had at the time, but we didn't have pacifism among our defects. I didn't get at all pacifist until 1956, when the Hungarian Uprising took place.
Africa Confidential however contends that keeping the enthusiasts on a leash for at least a year will be hard, not least on Zanu (PF)’s strained financial resources. "Targeting humanitarian aid and agricultural inputs directly to the beneficiaries has eliminated the local party chiefs’ patronage and their ability to skim and profiteer. By getting the economy going and education and health back on their feet, the MDC has made the peasantry less beholden to Zanu (PF)," said the think-tank.
We learned about the Pett family as we played in their woods. I read the faded information boards, green with the moss and damp of the surrounding trees and told my children how the Pett dynasty had built ships for the royal navy. I was busy building my own dynasty then.
Blog about something that you received during the first two weeks of May, and link it up here beginning on the 7th. It could be a nice note, flower, door decoration, or gift.
I've read the Left's debating of these numbers, but the facts are the facts - you can't continue to blame Bush, you have to take responsibility. "Doesn't get along well with others."
The part of the write-up that got me excited was when the article said that the performers presented Hamlet in 7 seconds, or something like that. I said well that is something that should be seen. I thought about it and concluded that the 3 men could well just come on stage, stab each other and they all die. Essentially that’s hamlet isn’t it?
I honor the place in you which is of love, of truth, of light and of peace
Next week we will be talking to another Northern English CSC. Until next week Hail Hail from Steve at Total Celtic.
Impossible to choose when all I know
Hey 662 nineteen,
William F. Harvey – The Beast with Five Fingers
Twilight and the Hunger Games are two other glaringly obvious examples of this; you can’t walk down the street without hearing some young girl moan about her love for Edward/Robert Pattinson (the distinction is bleary in most of their minds). I’m not overly smart but you can tell that an adaption is going to be big if the novels are in the 3 for 2 pile in the local bookshop. It saves me money on books; everyone wins!
Another shipbuilder who made vessels for the Crimean war in the 1850s was Charles Lungley who built mortar floats - unpowered sea vessels each carrying a single large calibre mortar.
06/02 – Sparks, NV @ The Alley
Later that afternoon, we stopped by Sergio’s home for a tour of his fruit tree orchards and some fresh squeezed sugar cane juice. The entire family was extremely generous and the most gracious of hosts. After such a wonderful visit, we were all a little reluctant to leave. The resourcefulness of these diversified Brazilian cattle operations were very impressive, but the most enjoyable aspect of these two days was the genuine hospitality shown to us. Check back in a couple weeks as we head to Buenos Aires.
Today, however, I really want to write about a school project that I’ve been engaged in intermittently all academic year. This was at Limehurst High School, a middle school in Loughborough which is definitely the pleasantest, happiest secondary school I have ever encountered and where it was a privilege to be the visiting author. There are times when I question the value of author visits. If it’s a case of the ‘author talk’ delivered to every class in the school, I wonder what lasting benefit there will be. I am far more excited by being invited in to run workshops or, as in this case, to be a partner in a long-term project.
Meanwhile, Save the Madrasah Salihiah Kanchut movement chairman Mansor Ahmad denied a statement by Kedah Menteri Besar Datuk Seri Azizan Abdul Razak recently that they had withdrawn their court action to save the surau which was built in 1909.
I so wanted to get on here yesterday and tell everyone Happy V-Day but I was busy at work and just ran out of time. I was very pleased when (for the first time in our relationship) I recieved a giant arrangement of a dozen red roses and purple blossom fillers at work from the hubby. I was sooo surprised. He has never sent me flowers before, only given them to me in person. He said he likes to see my face when he gives me gifts but I hinted to him months ago that I would like flowers every once in a while. :)
I did not do drugs. I was not a drinker. They did not like my boyfriend at the time and my house was messy. I was a single mother trying to adjust to a baby. There were times when there was no food in the house for me, but he always had everything he needed, whether I ate or not. But though they will tell you that I couldn’t take care of him, that was not the only reason that they took my baby boy. They also did not approve of my religious beliefs and thought that they knew better how to raise a child and so they took him from me. It is all too common these days for these grandparents to think that they know better and to destroy their children’s lives and their grandchildren’s lives by taking their grandchildren away from their rightful parents. Sadly too many of us were raised to respect our parents and to think that our parents want what is best for us…so we don’t know what to do when they are the ones that turn against us. What do you do when your parents cast you aside, take your child and then tell you that YOU are being selfish for wanting your child back? How sick and twisted does an individual have to be to think that this is ok? What mental illness tells a parent that it is ok to stop caring about your child and take everything away from them?
Approximately 66 percent of the products not listed on the fragrances tested by the Environmental Working Group and the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics were never assessed for safety, according to the organizations.
You can reach me at:
As he buttoned up the last button of his coat near his neck, he noticed Chloe coming towards him.
There is good in him, I've felt it.
Illuminate the earthen painting,
It is those days that I become aware of how remote I feel. Though I am not farther away from home than I was in Seattle, I feel like living at the end of the world here. Of course, there is the time difference. While in Seattle, we were 8 or 9 hours behind Europe, now we are only 6 or 7 hours behind. So in Seattle, I could do all my phone or Skype calls in the mornings and then head out, whereas here, my phone calls happen in the middle of the day which makes it more difficult. But that’s not it.
This post was written in only a few minutes, off the top of my head, while being distracted by two small kids, so I don’t claim it’s perfect or complete. But one thing I can say with certainty is that I can see nothing in the concept of marriage that should stop a man marrying a man, or a woman marrying a woman.
It's that time again. I figured I'd review something I hadn't yet. This time I'm going with the Stone Soup Ale XXI: The Mustachio'd Dark IPA. The name hearkens back to when our friend Jonathan at Monday Night Brewery was having some health issues, so, when The Boss (read: wife) wouldn't allow me to grow an actual "mustache", I immediately showed Muckney Brewing's support through our beer. The above links tell more of the story, so on to the beer.
Due to the increased exposure to radiation that travelers will now be exposed to, thus an increased risk of cancer, this act of fascism should also benefit the medical-industrial complex.
On another note, I saw this is my 401st post which seems a lot of words and pictures to me. As I missed having a new years blog birthday I think it might be time to do something a bit different. I've been thinking of having a Craft it Forward event for a while now to say thank you for stopping by and to link up with some other bloggers. I'll set the ball rolling on this in my next post and explain what I mean, in case you're wondering what on earth I'm on about.
Though I am still impressed with her work, I'm not impressed with her. So disappointing!
In China this week’s news report’s are in about Bo Xilai and Bo Jiantu seen here in the picture shaking hands, wearing red badges. In October last year the elections were Triumphant but from the position we are seeing a decline in what was promised before the elections were won. The standing committee are either well pleased or they are not the outcome of which is still yet to be determined.
A hoarder tends to be a slob,
Box = 38cm depth (with all the folders in)
Just before Christmas, the lucky Fash Ed got to spend a day in Rome with Gucci designer, Frida Giannini. The resulting feature is in the new issue of POP which is out now. As we looked through the shoot this morning, we thought there was something very AW12 about the look of this collection, like it skipped over SS12's pretty pastel girliness and instead acts as a precursor to the dark, gothic elements which were so strong in Milan.
The Afghanistan-Pakistan theater of war is one of the last places in the world where polio is still endemic. The Washington Post reported that the Pakistani government considered canceling a polio immunization drive last week because of the CIA campaign, before deciding to proceed. “One health official in the border belt said the main concern is that militants in that region might harm members of vaccination teams, suspecting them of being CIA agents,” the Post wrote.
Located in the heart of old Brooklyn, the new owners will be winning more than a literary prize. The house has a rather unusual past full of influential inhabitants and has been used in some curious ways:
32 lbs (24.48%)
Man, I am tired just reading all of this nonsense. I hope to be back soon. Maybe tomorrow? It IS Mother's Day tomorrow after all, so I will exercise my right to do nothing, but blog if I so choose. How else am I going to get all this useless information out of my head, huh?
1 COMMENT = 1 ENTRY, the more entries (comments) you have, the better chance you have of winning. If you do an entry worth 3 comments, leave 3 comments. If you have any questions please email me at LaurenTurner949(at)gmail(dot)com
After dinner, everyone sat around the outdoor firepit my Dad built last year. My little brother passed around his guitar and we all sang Bob Dylan songs and drank bourbon. Considering the hell on wheels most Thanksgivings are, I can't imagine a better dinner or night!
Technical – I first rendered out the girl and added her to the picture to add more emphasis. Added Hue + Saturation. Added bubble stock to add effect to sig. Blurred render again and smudged the sides to blend more. Added wings and fiddled with blending options. Added text.
The trick to getting good photos (work with your photographer to figure out angles and such ahead of time) is to play up the surprise element. While the children knew that something special was going on, we didn't tell them what was up ahead of time. We hid the "jewel station" in a small area and when they came around the corner and saw all the sparklies, the excitement was tangible.
So, going along with this idea, I used our craft time to make bookmarks. I bought foam stickers in various shapes, foam bookmarks, and ribbon that I found in Target's dollar spot. I got out the markers and glue and let the kids get to it. They had fun creating their own bookmarks.
Shopping as we know is a leisure that creates pleasure, which sometimes can be addictive when done compulsively which explains why there are Shopaholics. Online shopping is not excluded from the addictive activity. With the privilege of being able to browse goods and services that interest you including the ones you may consider embarrassing if others were to find out that you are checking out such products or services, which are readily available online for you to choose from at your convenience and in the privacy of your own room. With online shopping you need not have to worry about carrying all the stuff you bought because they are being delivered right at your doorstep. Shopping gives pleasure first of all to our eyes that’s why window shopping is still fun to do even if you don’t get to purchase the items. Perhaps it’s the colors, the designs or the details of the items that are captivating our attention. All these can also be found in the items displayed online however, there is added fun in going to stores or malls for shopping. Other than the actual feel and test of the products displayed, the ambiance of the place and its appearance are added attractions to your walk around the vicinity, making it more interesting with more to see around. Sometimes you bump into people you know along the way giving you an opportunity to give a smile and warm hello or even a short chat to catch up with each other. Sometimes shopping becomes a lot more fun to do when you are with company. It suddenly becomes a bonding moment to share your passion, express your thoughts, and engage in other activities after shopping while you are out together.
I went in and was talking and joking with the nurses and ultrasound tech, and had the "just another checkup appointment" mindset. The Dr. was taking too long coming into my room, and I kept repeatedly checking the time on my watch and worrying that I'd be late back to work. I also wondered about the Dr. I was seeing that day, as my usual Dr. was out of the office that week and I'd never seen this new Dr. before.
HENRY JAGLOM: Well, I understood the filmmakers. It was made by a couple young guys, that were hungry filmmakers. They were looking for something shocking and controversial about me. And there just isn't anything about my life in that vein. The only person I trust in that movie is Candice Bergen. I thought the film was gonna be more about my work, and not about personality or a exaggerated character. However, I do find it somewhat charming, and I do send it to people.
We need to eschew this idealistic thinking and face reality. This requires Practical Reason which is to reflect on how life works and how people actually behave and what they are capable of doing to each other. Bertrand Russell regarded practical thinking as philistinism, but that is not what I mean. To bring millions of disparate people together is impractical and unrealistic and the silly metaphor of a melting pot shows how facile the plan is. To think practically about this would be to reflect on what is really happening from examples and, not propagandise people into thinking that wish would happen is happening. It is to consider the consequences of actions and not socially engineer people for a future utopia; it is not to pretend human nature is a social construct, but by accurate assessment of how people really behave to make wise judgements of others. It is a belief in wisdom which comes from living life, rather than learning ideology by rote and mindlessly repeating the right things.
if you get what i mean
Thanks so much, Adrianne, for entrusting me to write for your blog for a day! I am excited to see this post in lights on your blog when you come back from maternity leave.
1993, 8 years old: I thought it would be a smart idea to try and back flip out of a swing and landed on my face in the gravel.
David Page
If your header is already quite close to right size, it's easy to change, but if your image is a much smaller, it might become blurry. Then it's better to make a new image, which is closer to right size.
Here is a close up photo:
(Did I mention that my brother-in-law is an accomplished pool player?)
From the four proud provinces of Ireland
Yesterday, for example, I spent a crazy amount of time sorting out one of the rooms upstairs (so many papers, so many boxes of stuff/old photos/birthday cards, so much dust!) but the best bit of it was listening to the radio all day (I don't seem to have done that for ages). It was great too - on BBC 6 Music they were doing specials for National Poetry Day/Week so we got an interview with the founder of said annual poetry celebration (William Sieghart) on the Cerys Matthews show in the morning (quite interesting - listen here). But then, even better, there was an absolute giant of a poetry segment on the Jarvis Cocker show at 4pm. Jarvis interviewed poet/former Poet Laureate, Andrew Motion, and though I've never been a Motion fan (or, to be honest a Cocker fan... I like him but not any of his music particularly to date... though I guess things can always change) it was a really interesting interview (listen here). It's more about poetry in general than Motion's own work and a lot of it concentrates on his involvement in the Poetry Archive (which is a fabulous resource).
Taming the Ox isn’t necessarily a linear event. Certainly that hasn’t been my experience. But by employing both mental and physical strategies, just as the ox-herd uses the rope to harness the wild ox, and by cultivating our awareness of our own mind we can start to return to health and experience joy in living again.
V: (looks away, crosses her arms, and pulls out her blackberry to tweet)
- I actually saw Buddy today because the friend group got together. I went on the early side--5:30pm--because I had a Pi Party next door at 7pm. I brought 15 cupcakes to each place; they were a hit. He arrived around 6:15pm, I think. It was fine. It didn't seem awkward, or much different, though I was aware basically the whole time of whether I had approached him or where he was sitting or vice versa or not. These days, someone always asks if I'm sick, since my voice is a little raspy. He gave me the suggestion for my allergies of local honey. When Sunshine's name came up, he mentioned that we saw her at the party. I think things are fine. I just didn't suggest getting together, and will definitely wait to do that, though this is the last weekend I'm in town for a few weeks.
Case in point--school libraries.
SO -- Let's get started!!
If this year's Sampler is anything like last year, and there is every reason to believe it will be exactly like last year, it is a waste of your time and money. That's a nice weekend to go to Bardstown and there will be many bourbon enthusiasts in town, but the smart ones won't be at the official event, which has always had problems but last year was an abomination
" Do you want me to pull up the website from the CDC on how colds are spread?"
** Attn Ezine editors and Site owners **
(Text Box comment Page 3)
13. Little Woman Love
And along those lines Joe also mentioned that the key to preserving your own sanity in such a demanding industry with fast-paced changes is to stay eager and enthusiastic for assignments (even after being in this business for 35 years) and, last but not least, to not take yourself too seriously. He added “We’re not the deal, the photographer isn’t the deal! The subject is the deal, your client is the deal. We’re just middlemen.” A poignant message for all those gear-heads out there, who tend to talk about their craft as if it were the be all and end all.
for You, O God.” To pant means to long eagerly for something like you are desperate for
When asked why he chose to join PKR and not any party in the BN, Nuek said: “As an ambassador, I served the BN government, and at one stage it was with full conviction and I was proud of it.
Politics of Place is supported by ECLIPSE (the Exeter Centre for Literatures of Identity, Place, Sustainability, and the Environment), which is based in the Department of English at the University of Exeter’s Cornwall Campus – internationally recognized for its leading research in this field.
The hooded man stood at the other end of the street.
Nicole
The poem is perhaps the greatest lesson we should strive to learn, as once we comprehend this, it opens up a whole new meaning for living our lives.
Was not able to do any crafting or creating today.Had alot of cleaning and books for the house to take care of today.Woke up early and thought I would get done early to do some creating but that didnt happen.
Veganism.....go ahead, let it roll around on your tongue. I know, I know most people don't react well to that word, unless they are a Vegan. I confess, I was one of them until recently. I mean, you need stuff from all the meat that you're suppose to eat, right? What about the fact they probably don't ever eat anything good. I mean at least Vegetarians get good stuff sometimes, right? I can't think of any other misconceptions I had of Vegans other than, growing up in the heart of the Midwest (beef and potato country), the idea of a Vegan was akin to eating out of a dumpster.
Well, there are more that I have learnt, but when all is said and done, what I got was a clearer perspective of my manner of communicating and relating to others and why in some situations (both at work and at home,) I fail to obtain the buy-in or end-up arguing with people.
Gems and sentiments form sisters stash
At the end of a year, I had to appear at Law examination. Nemesis caught up when the paper was distributed. I had not read anything and the books bought were just gathering dust.
It wasn't just what was on top of the soil it was what was underneath it aswell. You might remember we found tons of carpet under the vegetable area, and udner this there was bin bags, black plastic, rotted weed supressing membranes aswell as rotted tools and cigarette packets. What a concoction!
We got the the scene, and there were many speculators. The true story isn't really know. What we saw were wet men being put into ambulances, and being questioned by police. Then we could see scuba divers in the Gowanus. So after close inspection you could see a car floating in the water.
at least make it a point not to sound so boastful.
Ben. Johnson his best piece of poetrie.
1. How much time can you devote to your new puppy? There are specific breeds, such as border collies, that require a great deal of attention and do not do well in a situation where they will be confined alone for hours at a time. Be realistic with your expectations and select a breed that is known for their patience and ability to spend a few hours apart from you.
It must be hard to be Bristol Palin.
costs of their defense and disproportionately report patents to be ineffective.
"We tried propping them up with urban renewal and it didn't work. We were hoodwinked into being called names if we just let these cities go," he said. "So we kept pumping money in there, we kept pumping welfare, food stamps, all these things 'cause we loved 'em and we cared for them, but the proof that a government can't revive anything is Flint, Michigan."
First, the wood knocker ring. I'm not happy with this ring. It's too big and just seems wrong somehow. I've seen this style done by others and it looks great. Maybe I'm doing it wrong, but 1997 class ring is all its saying.
Green Sea is coming out on limited 300 only 7″ on June 18th on Sexbeat records, backed with another new track called Born, which they claim is “hook laden”. If you want to hear what Green Sea sounds like before then, you can because they’ve put it up on Soundcloud:
The difference between me and a cynic is that I know we can do better than this. I just am not so starry-eyed that I’m willing to candy-coat what Dynasty’s really up against and how long the list is of people who’d lose ZERO sleep over harm to this kid because of his orientation.
At the Signing of the Declaration of Independence:
I also bought myself four t-shirts to go under the jumpers and clothing I already have. I know that not only have I got to be careful with what I eat, I’ve got to be careful with my spending too! I don’t normally treat myself so much to things, but I do enjoy that too now! And I like buying stuff for my 2 nieces. It gives me a lot of satisfaction and I like treating/spoiling them! My sister jokes, but it’s true, that before my hospitalization, I was ‘rich auntie’ and now I am meant to be ‘poor auntie’! No job or income, I haven’t even got my benefits set up yet as I’m still battling red tape! Anyway, it’s still two things that I really need to grab a hold of and control better.
HIS LOVE NEVER FAILS, NEVER GIVES UP, NEVER RUNS OUT.
Shampoo and conditioner, toothbrushes and toothpaste
Then..... she came around. And now they encourage each other, talk to each other when going and clap for each other. So sweet.
In this design, I only used 2 different patterns, but you can use how many different papers that you want (or keep them all one design).
There are many inner realms of experience, levels of the astral plane or higher formless realms, each with its own type of world, creature and perception that can be very different. One can move beyond our personal and social conditioned consciousness to the greater consciousness in nature, our broader earth environment, the atmosphere and into the cosmic realms. This is a great adventure but can have its pitfalls or detours as well, just as seeking to climb a high mountain or explore a deep cave has its challenges!
I once had to be the sucker doing the speaking, notwithstanding my well-known antipathy to the idea. No one heard a word, and the nearest I got to audience interaction came when I broke off to invite the nearest table to shut up. We need the white space between panels, and delegates need to talk to each other before they disappear back into their caves.
The celadon spines of the Penguins.
The human olfactory organ is incredibly effective in most regards. It allowed our primitive ancestors to sense the presence of danger in the form of foul-breathed predators. Later predecessors may have encountered beauty for the first time through the smell of a flower. When our pioneer forefathers got into an Old West barroom brawl, the nose provided something convenient to punch.
4)Collaboration with Bhanu Kapil at chimp sanctuary (video, maybe text)
elizaapresley: my cousin deb’s real acct is DebDebLevi. until that acct has been deleted, unfollow kadamtx since she tricked her too. don’t allow anyone
* You can choose your jewellery from the following collections. They cannot be free items or group member gifts. Transaction must be shown and will be double checked:
The Nordic Patent Institute (NPI) will be the newest International Searching and Preliminary Examining Authority under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT). The appointment will take effect from the entry into force of the necessary agreement between NPI and the International Bureau, envisaged to take place in January 2008.
silly, getting scared 82 unforeseen consequences of 83-87
It’s too late to cry
To the way replaced
There any many discussion boards on the internet, especially on LinkedIn. Two of my favorites are the Definitive Serious Writers Group and the Poets group. Both are supportive groups. You can share things or ask a question or maybe learn something from a comment posted. Sometimes there are links to articles or blogs and the Poets group even has a weekly poetry contest just for fun.
This past Sunday, my Bukavu relative brought me one paltry OCIBU
We are often spared the punishment we deserve in life, yet we’re quick to point our finger at the next sinner. We don’t need to point to anything. God may not be extending His full wrath, but He will eventually purge out those who continue to rebel against Him. Take account of your life, your desires, your idols. Are you in danger of being purged out? Turn from the detestable things you’re holding to and cling to the Lord. He offers the ultimate promised land.
"Girls In Black" - 3:16
Dear MCA, enjoy your seven hired beauties while you still can.
Just a half-hour boat ride from Bahía Solano or a two-hour walk across beaches and alluvial valleys take visitors to Punta Huina, a reddish beach bathed by clear water, where the sea is ideal for fishing and snorkelling.
So what good would living do me
And face the continuing
Wharevz!
Time is slowly walking for its own good happiness.
Selections of Lia’s archive of Asian Pacific Americans in the arts, fashion, journalism, politics and space will become part of newly created LIA CHANG THEATER PHOTOGRAPHY PORTFOLIO in the ASIAN PACIFIC AMERICAN PERFORMING ARTS COLLECTION housed in the Library of Congress Asian Division’s Asian American Pacific Islander Collection.
If you are having partner problems:
Nixie excerpt?
For a moment I am briefly transported back to the night he was born,
Beer C had similarities to B in many ways, but it upped things on the fruitiness. Pears, apples, oak-like vanilla notes. Dry, almost cranberry-like in the feel, but buffered by a light candy-like middleground. Quite an assertive bitter finish, with that dryness pushing a herb-like (it had me in mind of thyme or oregano) bitterness well to the front of the tongue. Overall, crisp, dry, nice fruity, orangy notes. My favourite of the four.
As soon as I heard about the TV show on AMC, I started DVR-ing it. It is the only show that Chris and I will try to watch as close to live as possible. Everything else we will try to wait until later so we can fast forward the commercials, or it just doesn’t matter if we watch it on the same day as the release. (American Idol and Army Wives, my guilty pleasures, are different… I prefer to watch Wednesday’s AIs fairly close so I can vote, and I’ll stay up past Chris’ bedtime to watch AW. He won’t watch either.) We also watch The Talking Dead with one of our favorite TV show hosts, Chris Hardwick, host of a G4 classic Web Soup. The show is rather shocking, considering that it is on TV. It is gorier than any show I can remember seeing on TV. The typical special effects that TV studios shy away from, that are usually relegated to print or R rated movies, are seen in full display here. Shooting a little girl in the face? Yep. Twice. Once in the series premiere, once in a season finale. Life or death situations for children? Yep. Practically every episode. Bodies splitting in half and continuing to come after you? Well walker. Being a proper zombie show, there are headshots and pink mist galore…. though I suppose it’s more a “grey mist” here. As awesome and shocking as the show is, though, the comics are moreso. I’m sure part of it is the fact that it is WAY easier to draw someone’s eyeball hanging from its socket, or chopping two little girls’ heads off (those ones weren’t even infected) than it is to make it convincing on TV. Another thing is that as much as they have shown that “nobody is safe” in the show, the feeling is even more intense in the comics… especially at the end of the prison setting.
The other day I saw a shrew. It was a fleeting glimpse, barely a few moments, and such a tiny creature - which leads me to think it was a pygmy shrew - that had I blinked I'd have missed it. At the time I didn't give it much thought (believe it or not I was looking for snakes), but afterwards I began to consider it more carefully.
the ability to collaborate with others.
How would you describe the music you made back then?
Not sure what the point of this post is really, other than to ask you what sounds, or smells take you back in time? To good times or bad? And do you like the feeling it gives you? Or is it just me?
Apparently a few days after realizing that he was now supreme chicken, Dinner decided that it was time for Spot's girls to be his girls. They however declined to submit... so he got nasty. Yesterday I noticed a hen that looked really beat up, but she wouldn't let me get close enough to check her out. Then, later in the afternoon, I went in the coop to check for eggs and was amazed at the mess - feathers were everywhere. I opened one laying box and half the eggs were smashed, then I checked another and...uh oh...there was a dead body inside! I called Scott in to perform a detailed investigation. His diagnosis - Dinner had spurred the hen in the back until he had splayed her open - a brutal murder. We found two other hens that were injured in a similar manner, though still alive.
Have a great weekend :) Bye for now!
We noticed also that many got the excuse that their packet got lost or that DPD delivery service returned it to Paris. one of our packets was also first returned to Pixmania because of incomplete data.
Thursday - Work, walked all over campus
If history had stopped developing AT THAT POINT IN TIME, I think we’d just be fine right? All we’d have to do is cook, clean, get babies and life’s good. Where did this maddening frenzy to give ourselves more work come from? Why? Why can’t we just accept the one good deal we’ve gotten throughout history? Oh, because a man made a few remarks, said that a woman’s place is in the kitchen? Well what the fuck is wrong with a kitchen? Its warm, innit? Would you rather be out there battling sabre tooth tigers? Really? But you’ll run screaming the minute something with eight legs scurries across your leg?
Stay in jail or not:
Ahh good old times. I was too obsessed with James Reid last 2010. Can you believe that my Leth and I struggle our way just to be on the stage and take a picture with him? I was shaking the moment I stood in front of him. Exaggerated as it may sound, but I was kind of palpitating when we shook hands. Yes, we shook hands. Asked me if I’m okay, I just said yeah. Then someone took our picture using my camera and when I stood up, he said thank you.
Even so, John Lennon could not have imagined how his legacy continues to carry the left forward. Recently, the Fox News Network aired a discussion between Bill O’reilly and Jeraldo Rivera about illegal immigration. O’reilly asked Rivera, “Shouldn’t we deport criminal illegal aliens?” Rivera responded, “John Lennon was a criminal illegal alien.”
Bless you both… thank you for years of Quacker happiness!
B: Riiiiiight. What about that one time when you (insert dumb thing I forgot here?) You forgot then! Why can't you forget now?
Most of us look for the best deals while buying things online or in the store and this notion is applicable to almost all products including Consumer Electronics. Many go to the extent of finding a wholesaler in an effort to save money. Refurbished Electronics are the best way of accomplishing your desires.
The pub has a tram theme. Inside it you can find old tram seats, and there is even a tram bell at the bar. The men's room is special, and the artwork on the walls is one of a kind.
- 2 tsp vanilla
First, we had to drop the coats and bags at the coat check (nice to know that’s free). Then I got the tickets (tip: kids under 12 are free, so if you’re considering joining, no need to go for the family membership) and grabbed the Family Maps,which are at the Information desk and loaded with scavenger-type discoveries and a Where’s Waldo-style Look ‘n Find Map.
- The entire Dharma Initiative was able to run power to it, build barracks, hatches and stations all over it, yet conned it's Pearl Station workers with thinking their notebooks actually went somewhere.
“I am unaware of any projection for "semi-permanent" drought in this time frame over the expansive region of the Central Great Plains. He implies the drought is to be a phenomena due to lack of rain (except for the brief, and ineffective downpours). I am unaware of indications, from model projections, for a material decline in mean rainfall. “
Earlier today a mental health professional engaged in research described many efforts to arrange and develop Liaison and Diversion services as “The Emperor’s New Clothes” because they too often rely upon models which do not operate when people find themselves arrested and which sometimes fail to ensure the public interest is met by engagement with the services to which people were ‘diverted’. All too often, the whole thing relies upon police officers to identify those potentially suffering from mental health problems and then has the potential to regress into an ineffective, half service which is more about the police than mental health.
Many people have asked me, "So what are you going to DO with this degree once you are finished?" That question always makes me chuckle because one of the foudational Thomistic principles that is introduced in the first semester is "operatio sequitur esse" (translation: "action follows upon being"). Action flows from being, and not the other way around. We don't act ourselves into being. This is a counter-cultural notion, and it is one of the primary themes our Holy Father Pope Benedict XI has been stressing. "Modern scientific thought has increasingly shut us up in the prison of positivism, thus condemning us to pragmatism," (Called to Communion: Understanding the Church Today). In other words, "doing" is valued, while what should be the primary focus of cultivating "being" is ignored, or worse, condemned as laziness and impracticality.
And on the finish line he Uta Pippiged his tight pants.
Kasper No, he his passport was not with him and the police thought that with this moustache (pulling out photo) he was Swedish.
Lyle was sporting an "I like Ike" badge and told of his military prowess, popularity, and his wife, Mamie.
One hears about corn being added in some recipes but unless there is cooking involved, and the introduction of enzymes, the corn is just for show. You need to cook corn to get the starch to dissolve, then you need to add enzymes to convert the liquified starch into sugar. If you don't, the corn is just a prop. It has no effect on the final product.
Petersen Automotive Museum
Hello everyone. As you all know I was recently hired by Jan to help out at the Flourishes warehouse in Pensacola Florida. The past few days have been so amazing for me, and I have loved getting up daily and going to work, and I look forward to learning and growing with the staff and design teams of flourishes.
3. When The World Was Young
Thy sun rising high, shall command!
Sonja? "Luxury has a taste for me"...please. Luxury must enjoy noshing on Botox and ego. I wonder how that would taste on a bagel? Toasted in a toaster oven? She's killing me with the hints of financial distress this season. Uh huh. Because I wept bitter, salty tears when I could no longer afford more than two assistants and had to start using the children of my friends as unpaid "interns" to help with monumental tasks like fetching the mail and putting out fresh pee pads for my dogs. I feel your pain, Sonja.
“Come on, let’s eat.”
My Fab New Five:
We bought and decorated our tree and are ready for Christmas! I've got a few more people to buy presents for but we're almost done. I'm loving all of these sales online-- I always look and want to buy, but never pull the trigger. I get major anxiety spending money, especially on myself. And I'm a chronic buy-then-return consumer. I'm sure most retail stores hate my guts.
Now, imagine if Michelle Obama had been insulted and responded with this sort of trash talk, even worded in this iron-fist-in-velvet-glove way. Imagine if she'd said she relished a fight. Instantly she'd be the "angry black woman" -- and also the angry imperious woman. (There's nothing more outrageous than being black and imperious.) I don't even want to think about the imagery that would be used in the more unsavory corners of the Internet and talk radio. I'm sure she'd be Photoshopped into various National Geographic-style photos, often wielding a spear (or a bone).
That minute we were friends
How do these 'academics' know that Starkey's wrong when they have the "No Platform Policy" endorsed by the NUS, and their use of UAF thugs to silence politically incorrect speakers at universities? Academic progress is supposed to be achieved by hearing opposing viewpoints?
(L to r: Jane Dlamini, Joana Thango, Janet Dlamini)
“I strongly deny this slander which are aimed at me and my family. This slander is being spread by media organisations controlled by Umno who are quoting from pro-Umno blogs,” said Azmin in a statement today.
1400x800mm 1800x800mm
I cut and scored the Tea Cup (page 29) at 9 inches from the Tags, Bags, Boxes & More cartridge. It's great to have two sided patterned paper for this project! I thought it needed a little something along the top of the cup, so I added this (1 by 11) border, which I cut at 1 inch from the Paper Trimmings cartridge.
So, I am intrigued by and amused by Valorie.
We went out spoke a little and at the end of the night we ended up at the same bar as my fiance and that man.
A non-commissioned officer, who accompanied a lieutenant, drew his revolver from the big, black holster strapped about his waist. Bending over, he placed the muzzle of the revolver almost – but not quite – against the left temple of the spy. He pulled the trigger, and the bullet tore into the brain of the woman.
After the Kassel festival I suffered from a bit of photobook burnout. The festival is growing to a decent size but 4 twelve hour days looking and talking about books can send even the most dedicated to seek a break. So, I wanted to intersperse a few non-photo related books over the next weeks which I found irresistible on this trip.
In a bowl mix together mayo, sour cream and heavy cream. Grate garlic clove and lemon zest into the mixture. Save lemon for later. Mince dill and add to mixture. Sprinkle salt and pepper to mixture. Stir the mixture and place in the refrigerator.
Major growth ensued. In 1907, the company was moved across the Ohio River to a larger tract of land and created a subsidiary company to develop the area into a town that would become Newell, W.Va.
We received the Chicken Liver Treat variety. They come in beef and lamb as well. I can tell you without hesitation, that these liver treats were de-licious! Those of you who know me may be thinking, well you pugs will eat anything. That is pretty much true, however, even our non standard pug Sluggo liked them. He's like Mikey. You know.... let's get Mikey
We’ve been hitting the new Lucky Lab on NW Quimby all we can (like ghetto booty) the last week or so. It’s no great departure from the one on Hawthorne. There are some good pictures of the place on Personal Telco. Pints are $2.50 on Tuesdays and the tapmaster told me all the beers they serve are brewed in the building. It’s the sweetest thing that’s ever happened to me; I’m considering quitting my job so I can wash dishes there.
I know, I was sick not long ago. But this bug is horrrrid, and in a class all it's own.
John looked the man down and then said, “no, He was not the “supposed” Christ . . . He is the Christ.”
Richard Dawkins in his book “The God Delusion” asks “How much do we regard children as being the property of their parents? It is one thing to say people should be free to believe whatever they like.
The Man of Property
What topic(s) would you like to see here on Delightful Order? and what area(s) are you wanting to bring to order? Do share, I'd love to hear from you.
“Has she shown any signs of her power?”
Poor Susan. A fondness for lipstick and stockings sees her exiled from Narnia forever (and losing all
It only opens from March to June but the rest of the year the gardeners who work there, tend, plant, take cuttings and send plants and buy plants to make for a better garden the next year.
Suppress the people spy on the people use them as research and allow agency’s to have full access to the people’s private lives.
*to substitute 1 egg, mix 1 Tbsp of flax seed meal with 3 Tbsp of water in a small bowl and let sit for 1-2 minutes.
- You’re dick smells like shit, - she said.
happening
11 questions and my answers
1. Fighting for our Freedom: “We are still fighting here and overseas because we believe in our freedoms.” -El Paso, TX—NTS Truck Stop
For strength, for vigor, for its best,
Vociferous reproach
“Five years ago, at the time of the proposed revision of the Lisbon Treaty, there was strong resistance to the idea of stronger governance in Europe and increased economic co-ordination.
You will receive an email from me with 72 hours, confirming your participation. If you do not, please email me at teri@momtobedby8.com and I will check into it for you.
A third blast broke the silence and knocked a hole in the nearly dead man’s mid-section the size of a baseball. The man took one more reflexive step and then plowed face-first into the dirt. He slid a few inches leaving a trail of blood, guts and brains.
Life Member, Girl Scouts of America
I posted not too long ago on a You Capture Challenge a shot of our crayons and how a certain little Miss has a bad habit of break and peeling the crayons. Why? I guess because she can.
So what does this all mean???
The Author may terminate this Agreement if D Publishing has not published the Work within 28 days of being requested to do so by notice in writing from the Author. Dymocks, by contrast, can terminate at any time:
Ok, so I had my CAT (meow) scan this morning.
From Pope Paul VI's Encyclical Letter Humanae Vitae:
Torn up,
Here are some details on the beer and LOLA as written by LOLA founding member Margaret Lut:
Speaking of veggies, I get a dire warning to “vary your veggies” with a big red X for failing to do this is making you older. OK, so in an average week I eat…drum roll please…eggplant, zucchini, broccoli, yams, sweet potatoes, mushrooms, carrots, some sort of fresh green beans, and spinach. Also bell peppers and asparagus, but only in the spring and summer because in winter they, like strawberries, are a sad imitation of themselves. Plus black beans, kidney beans and garbanzos (plus lentils too). Yeah, about beans – it tells me I should be eating more of them. Problem is, the test won’t allow you to indicate that you eat more than 1 serving of beans a week. Um, what? I probably eat at least 5 or 6 servings a week. Gotta say, a bit culturally clueless there…there are cultures where legumes are a daily staple, shouldn’t the test make space for people to indicate that consumption? The whole food section is very “stuff white people like”. Then it suggests that I’m probably low in vitamin E, and recommends that I eat sweet potatoes… which I actually DO eat, but there’s no place to indicate that. So I’m baffled – why not give people a wider range of veggies to choose from, and include the option to indicate that they eat beans if you’re going to count those as veggies? Were they high when they designed this part of the test?
Soooo, I called my trusted handyman and had him redo the opening to fit a larger refrigerator. Because of the stairway behind that wall, the new fridge opening needed to be moved about a foot to the right in order to have the height needed for today's refrigerators. Changing the location of the fridge opening was going to require the removal of several 12" deep upper and lower cabinets on that wall. I was heartbroken over the loss of storage! But when the carpenter removed those cabinets, we were both amazed by how much more space we had in the kitchen -- enough space for a small island! Of course, my budget would not allow me to hire the handyman to build a new island, and my husband was already working out of state. So, what's a girl to do? Build it herself, of course!
Wouldn’t it be great if Pakistan came up with such an inter-active idea, or does one already exist? I would love your feedback here or through email at: todayisnow2@gmail.com
We celebrated Eli's birthday as a family. The kiddos and I made and decorated cakes to remember him by and we each bought a trinket to take to the cemetery. We went out and visited his place, went out to dinner, and came home to sing happy birthday and have cake. My sister and her hubbie joined us. All in all it was a sweet time after a very difficult morning.
Between about 830pm, about now, and just after midnight is going to be the roughest time for the people who are living with this event right now. The very early signs of this cyclone are now starting to be felt; we have significant power outages and reports of powerlines coming down. We also know that we are going to see very, very high storm surge activity.
It is a wonder how deeply one person can touch another simply by being present. By listening. By suggesting. By living fully. And by laughing. Oh, the laughing! Would that everyone be as lucky as I’ve been to enjoy but one older person in their life by whose example they can be inspired in their work and their life.
Change dates and numbers: It remains to be confirmed that it is much less difficult to remember text message than numbers. It is consequently advisable that you simply make your gaming text message revolve near to quantities that you simply certainly not need to forget. Some within probably the most common text message which come going to be employed on this regard consist of none, half dozen, baker’s dozen, as well as one, among the others. With these words, you will possible possess the ability to remember dates and quantities which come going to be of utmost worth to you.
Text! I love text in almost any form. I collect old types. And letters from old signs, and alphabet stamps. And I often use text in my collages. And, of course, in my art journals.
Since no public official is likely to betray his peers and fund-raisers to become a whistleblower, it is up to each one of us to learn about what we consume. The cliché saying “read the labels” is quite true, but if you have no idea what “monosodium glutamate” means, reading the label will not help you. This series of articles aims to raise basic awareness of the most harmful substances found in everyday products. I personally cannot claim to have a perfect diet … I grew up in the 80s and love the taste of processed foods like candy, sodas … even Hamburger Helper. But as you find more information and as you begin to realize that every step in the right direction really does make you feel better, each subsequent step becomes easier. No one can do it for you: It’s up to you to take that next step … whether it is toward your detoxification or to Burger King.
What I mean by that is it's a new year and that time where everyone seems to make resolutions to better or change themselves!
The Less is More Challenge is to use yellow. Mandi, one of the Hostesses of this fabulous challenge site made a card that I had to CASE. I loved the way she had a pop of yellow.
It is important that your husband/wife is your best friend first. Get to know them as you would a friend. Then when you are older and the superficial and good looks disappear with age, your love is still there through your friendship.
On a deeper level, this a story about metamorphosis…Mia’s. She’s completely transformed as we read about her, and in a way that one might not expect. It’s not beauty or perfection that inspires her, but its opposite—an ugly white worm, a horribly dysfunctional family—it’s the harsher realities which show her how fragile yet tremendous the world can be.
out of Africa, blood-parched, baying their foul cries,
And these lovelies have been tagged:
Another place that was an absolute must visit while we were in Alnwick was Barter Books. Converted from the town's Victorian Railway Station it is bibliophiles heaven. While I was lost in the stacks gazing longingly at some Elsie J Oxenham's in a glass case (way out of my price range!) Dave took the kids into the children's section. They had a blast in there, one of the bookcases is designed like a truck so Christopher took up residence in the cab, pausing only to let out a delighted shriek when the toy train that runs round the top of some of the book cases came into view!
Mid 70's in March?!
My other half often accuses me of being a book worm. I don’t mind this label, to me it’s a label that I am out and proud of. I have an obsession with books, of all kinds, fiction, non-fiction, self-help, craft books, coffee books, travel books, dictionaries… I am delighted by my big white bookcase, bursting at the seems with colourful books. I work for a publishers and take books out of our library and use our staff discount. I’ll frequently visit our city library at lunch or at the weekends, browsing for fun, picking up random books that catch my eye, and stumbling home with bulging bags of more books.
Part of the How Stuff Works group, Stuff Mom Never Told You is a very interesting podcast, which tackles issues to do with women. It is really great, however some of the topics can be a bit dull at times, but it is worth waiting for the good ones.
Joel Williams spent his time measuring the loads and accelerations on a hard tail mountain bike. Looking at various setups of rebound and lockout in uphill, flat, jumps and downhill conditions, Joel was able to quantify the difference that various suspension setups have on the performance of the bike overall.
It is rather quick to make, and the frosting is so yummy I may actually use it again in place of a typical ganache. I think it would be even more amazing if I made it with an orange simple syrup instead of a regular one.
Think about it. It would add several admirable elements to an exciting story. Tension, protagonist bonding, drama; these are important elements in any great novel. There are many ways to do this and there are ideas that surround us on a daily basis that can provide the fuel for the ideas we use to create this dramatic feel.
That's only ten pounds to loose. I guess if I can quit smoking for 8 months I can drop ten pounds in a month or two right? Ever since I can remember I have been obsessed about my weight. I know I am in a much better space than a lot of folks who are 50 or 100 pounds overweight. I should not complain. It is just hard for me to look down at where my stomach used to be and to see where it is now. I know one thing for sure, jeans with a 34" waist are never setting foot in my house and if I have any say in the matter I plan to put Fluffy outta its misery once and for all.
We need someone to step up and get into the low 1:43’s. Given the rate of improvement this spring with some of our young half milers, that could be on the horizon this summer. I think the road to 1:43 will begin here with a classic race between front runners and kickers.
Weight (two weeks ago) 178lbs – Weight yesterday 170lbs. That’s 8 pounds in a little over two weeks!
*** Fossils may hiv bin put thar by Gawd tae fool men later on.
Life In A Northern Town
And southward in the ocean, some people worked with clay
This is a really fine piece of sculpture. I also think Bottle II, 2010 and Dancer II, 2010 are fine as well. At bare minimum, they pass the test that I laid out at the beginning of the piece. I absolutely think these three works generate enough interest, presence, and are dense enough with historical complexity to rival the sculptors that Houseago loves and loves to think about, even if the rest of works in the show do not (reserving the right, however, to be wrong about his new non-mask wall reliefs).
I must say I have been battling with a few issues for quite some time now…say almost since I stopped posting here. Currently have 2 issues running.
Now pretend a little tab is under each subject.. && there are 4 to 8 exams for each of the subjects.. -_- The clicky clock started sometime in Feb it's already March going into April.. So my 6 months is along the ways of 5 - 4.. -_-
As part of my studio class when I was getting a degree in music, Tom’s instructional videos “Shaping Your Sound” were required viewing. We had to write assignments on the videos just to make sure we had understood all the material Tom covered! If you have ever seen his instructional videos you would know what a huge amount of information and enlightenment Tom gives in just under two hours of footage. He really is a deity in the world of sound. Getting a chance to ask Tom some questions is something I’ve always wanted to do. So here are the questions and the answers!
(The other half is going to be posted tonight)
Well? Not enough when you are traveling and staying in a hotel! As we learned.
Category: Self-Help
Rapid youngster Alistair Fisher narrowly missed winning the third round of the MSA British Rally Championship when an engine misfire cost him time and dropped him from a relatively healthy lead back to second overall but, after two retirements from the opening two rallies of the British Championship he was still relieved to see the finish; I am pretty frustrated really as I could have won this rally! The stages were good but it was very tricky when the rain came on Saturday afternoon and in the end I was just glad to see the finish ramp!
Another 5 star discovery this year:
As I sat and listened to the sermon….I began thinking about how when we hear the word Martyrs our minds think of those who usually are in a foreign country …Those who have gone on a short-term mission trip or who have chosen to make it their life work….Then, God dropped this thought in my mind…. we have Martyrs here…. Daily…..and you and I know them Personally!
Over time we've lost this process of acquisition. I read an article awhile back about Pink Floyd fighting Itunes over separating their songs into individual tracks. I can't remember if they won or not but I do remember being really struck by the concept. Remember when you had to buy entire albums? Hell, remember when skipping a bad song on a tape meant sitting there with your finger on fast forward? Stopping the tape in the right spot became a point of pride for me.
before the end of the experiment:
I will visit, read, enjoy, comment...Then BOOK!!
* Got brave and drew the children and the teenagers and others I felt inside. Gave it to my therapist. “Fished” for insight. She says, “I’m really glad you showed this to me. I think I really understand now.” That’s it….that’s all she said. I’m thinking, “exactly what do you understand?????”, wanting very much for some hint of professional feedback. But, I didn’t ask. Too embarassed to ask. Too shy…..Too scared to come right out and ask. No one…..no one, I don’t think, would ever in a million years just come right out and say, “I think I have DID.” At least not if they think they really might have it. That’s just too scary for words!
Let us e'en talk a little like folks of this world.
Why would he or they or whomever do that? What would be the point of such a long pointless exchange?
There were no warnings of reprisals in the days leading to Bersih 3.0, no roadblocks set around the city and no arrest of people streaming in for the protest.
Chicken
I need to tell you something.
Mr Mogan died in the Saturday morning accident at the Budget Terminal, where he worked as a cleaner after a hijacked taxi driven by a PRC man crashed into the driveway.
My friend Laura Speaker shared that her family philosophy about death is this: When we go to the garden and pick flowers for our table, we pick the most beautiful, the most vibrant flowers. The ones that end up as our centerpiece are at their peak of bloom, color and scent. Why do we expect God to do any less? The best, brightest and most beautiful flowers in His creation are the ones he picks to come home first. They get to set the table for the rest of us. That table is going to be the most welcoming thing about Heaven.
The monument is a gift to the people of America from the citizens of Russia signifying the importance of the war against global terrorism.
p.s. I will be having a small GIVEAWAY for my followers in January
2. At Least 90 Minutes of Exercise Daily
If it is a God-given life, and it’s your life, you should have the right to run your life as you so choose as long as you don’t harm other people. This means a lot more tolerance that some would like to give. So that brings people in who are concerned about civil liberties, and all of a sudden, my position undermines Obama completely and totally because the foreign policy is different.
1/3 cup Irish Cream Liqueur
I think the answer is that Hopper’s bounds are complex and ambivalent. We know that his characters are tough, but they are always vulnerable and quiet before us, as if at the moment of their reckoning. We never get to know them. Hopper conceals as much as he shows, and in doing so, any attributes we apply to his characters, though we agree on a few things, are always our own. Steinberg had an enormous task – to take an iconic painting, the most reproduced image at the Art Institute of Chicago, and tie it to a story that makes sense. Steinberg did a good job, but, as one reviewer noted, this play is not yet to the place that it could be.
How can we better educate normal hearing people? Please leave a comment and share your thoughts. Thanks!
Label: Bad girl
06- intervista 3.01
Friday night I was coughing and the fever hit 103. I started coughing up this nasty brown stuff so hard that it sent my stomach over the edge. I won't get into details here, but it was ugly. We called the hospital and I went in. While I was there I got up to 105, and my wife was pretty worried. They gave me an antibiotic through an I.V., gave me a prescription, ran some cultures and sent me home on Sunday, I think it was.
“Well,” I said, “for a long time, they’ve put stuff on the stone window sills in London buildings that burns pigeons’ toes off.”
2. Is your daddy a thief? Then who stole the sparkle of the stars and put them into your eyes?
It's really nice to be home again, snug in our own beds. But we really enjoyed our Christmas holidays, with family, all together.
But this is the same ego-driven thinking that gave birth to market share. Looked at from a social media perspective, however, we realize that it really isn’t about the brands. It’s about the people — the community — whose problems the brands exist to solve.
***UPDATE...As if I NEEDED more proof that he was my soulmate, check out these lyrics from one of their new songs, "Falling Down":
Taken in the south of France somewhere,
Cameron is doing okay but had a very bad night this weekend. We had family, friends and neighbors stopping by on Thursday and Friday and really doting on Gavin. Although I do have to say Darla was very good and aware about doting on Cameron too. Some of my wonderful friends Darla, Angela & Tracy made us meals and gave both boys gifts. Dan's sister, Mollie brought us dinner and my mom stayed for a few days to help out. But Cameron seeing Gavin getting more attention than him really set him off. Saturday night while trying to get him to bed he through the worst fit ever. He was refusing to go to the potty (and BTW he had regressed in the potty training) and just screamed like I have never seen him. I went upstairs to talk to him and holding him. He hit, punched, kicked and screamed the whole time. It hurt me so bad that I just broke down in tears. It made him calm down as he saw mommy was hurting too. It really makes you question your decision as a parent. I know things will get better and everyone will love each other one day but I promised him I would never, ever hurt him and he is hurting so bad from this. I feel so much guilt when I love on Gavin but also knowing he needs it to know I am his forever mommy. I can tell you that adopted children have a much different experience that a biological child. Cameron has already had to deal with abandonment and he is questioning it again in his young life. We are spending one on one time with him and reassuring him every day that is our baby and isn't going anywhere. Just keep us in your thoughts and prayers! If any of you stop by or see us out just don't forget big brother needs love too!!!
I was a fashion publicist after graduating from Yale. I got into a huge fight with my Vogue editor (very Devil Wears Prada, dahling), and was whining to my mother, who said, “You know, you should take a hobby and make it the job you love.” Design and lifestyle had always been my biggest hobbies, and I was already the go-to girlfriend for pals who had Wall Street jobs but no time to style-up the groovy pads they could afford to live in. So at age 28, off I went to the New York School of Interior Design, and then miraculously landed a job with Peter Marino. But know that I went from having two assistants to being one, and making less than I had my first year out of college. And I wouldn’t change a thing about that today.
Butter – ½ cup (at room temperature)
Feelings finally unified with their nature
A YouTube poster, whom we shall not call out and "honor" by name except as Mr. YouTube, has made a travesty of this material - not by posting the music, but by the presentation and his utter callous disregard for the sensitivity and nature of these recordings - by his series of YouTube posts featuring (most) of these recordings.
I guess I should share a bit of my indoor Fall decorations before I take it all down next week...LOL
"Mom, when I'm in the Top 12, they'll show you in the audience and you'll be on TV."
THE SILENCE OF THE STARS
because without faith it is impossible to please Him: for he that cometh to God must believe that He is, and that He is a rewarder of them that diligently seek Him.
That takes us up to Easter, the summer term will definitely be hinged around Olympics but we haven't planned it out in detail, there's enough to be going on with.
I had methodically gone through the pros and cons of every job on offer to me and I had made my decision for the best of reasons.
2 different flower flourish stickers
Cook the chicken pieces 5-6 minutes, or until cooked through.
The Myth of the American Sleepover (Mitchell)
--- END OF BOOK ---
Austin and Savannah told me that the other waiting patrons laughed at this. All I heard were the sounds of applause as we left the building.
thanks for popping in today!!
It’s about LOVE! And about expressing that love for those you hold near and dear.
My response was fast. A celebration was about to happen, in less than 90 minutes from the time I got the call. I had to rush home, cook a fast dinner of a fake BLT sandwich for Amy and me, and we were headed out the door just in time to get our tickets from Bernie.
I paid £70 for a 9ct gold necklace (I used a 10% discount code). Lesson learnt from this.. DEFINITELY order double thickness for longer names. Now I considered this factor when I placed my order, but as I figured I would only be wearing mine occasionally (and certainly removing it before sleeping, showering etc), I thought that the standard thickness would be ok. WRONG. The flexibility on this necklace is astonishing! I think if it catches in your hair or on your top it could possibly cause it to snap when you attempt to untangle it.
These are posts from people who have fallen for some disguised inducement. They've fallen for the flounder that looks like sand.
By Night With Torch and Spear (Joseph Cornell, 1942) - "This is the world made strange, an ultimate surrealist statement. Ordinary industrial machinery, seen through a bright pink filter, seems to glow with otherworldly energy, and the men tending to these strangely vibrant, effervescent industrial playgrounds are like sorcerers, conjuring inexplicable phenomena."
With live images of life in the peregrine nest being beamed live into our homes and offices via the internet it is all too easy to forget just how privileged we are to be seeing such wonderful birds of prey at close quarters. As I hinted in my previous blog entry, not so long ago you might have had to trek far into the hills to see a peregrine but their changing fortunes and habits are not the only notable changes amongst raptor species.
It’s amazing what technology can do now! Sonar is an app that helps you make introductions to people who are connected to you in all different degrees. Now you have no excuse becoming a wallflower at events! Sonar is a dynamic tool that I’ve used to leverage all of my connections on social media in specific locations looking for new people to network with. How will Sonar build your network?
with crinkles
While in the Air Force stationed in Orlando, Fla., he met and, in 1955, married Joyanne Herbert, and they had two children. The marriage lasted until 1991.
Kate, James and Claire make their flight with Frank, Enos and Ricky Boy.
An important thing for me in defining my personal style and feeling confidence in my choices was to decide that in most instances I would be making selections to please myself. I do like to make a great first impression, and appear tidy and well kept, but I don't typically make wardrobe decisions to make anyone else happy. I can't say that I have never done that, but for the most part I have learned that when I feel good in what I am wearing my confidence will light me up from the inside and I will have that happy glow.
This is a great day! I am hoping you've had one or are currently making yours great. This opportunity I had was utilized to the utmost. Please forgive my morning voice, for I'd only had one cup of the java when I recorded.
Sighing . . . aware that her older brother’s clipped, authoritarian tone had often inspired Zanna’s resentment, she glanced back: Sam stood stiffly alongside Vernon Gingerich, who appeared more stooped than usual. The bishop’s beard, salt sprinkled with pepper, brushed the top of his black vest as he fixed his gaze on her: his eyesight might not be so sharp anymore, but this man saw through to the heart of a matter better than most.
MGM Grand Garden Arena, Las Vegas, NV (USA) 2012- April 21
SOFA Chicago is held at the Festival Hall, Navy Pier and runs from 02 – 04 November, with an Opening Night Preview taking place on 01 November. SOFA Chicago was established in 1994 and has run annually each year since, with approximately 95-100 exhibiting galleries taking part, including ten international galleries.
Ha! The kids were all wondering if anyone would pick up on that. Charming, no?
In the bowl of an electric mixer, mix the butter and brown sugar on medium speed until creamy, about 2 minutes. Add the vanilla, then the egg, and mix just until blended.
We exchanged pleasantries.
.ALL ABOUT THE BENJAMINS.
Or watched someone lose someone close.
MRR: They just legalized free-enterprize radio: will this help?
Peter Brennan, 30, Ronkonkoma, N.Y.
What goes in in that space, how we look at it once we have tried to stumble through it, is, surely, capable of discussion in the simplest, most human terms at our disposal.
I had never met Andrea Misse, and know nothing about her that wasn't the purest hearsay; but she had a lot of influence on people who dance tango. And either personally, or because of that influence, she meant a great deal to people I know. And I want to say so and send a virtual hug, even though I haven't got anything else to say.
On Sunday we went to a Muslim Chinese restaurant. That was one of our favorites when we lived in Xi'an.
Even after he was deposed as head of Fannie Mae, Franklin Raines was consulted this year by the Obama campaign for his advice on housing!
I was going to post this on Sunday, because Easter is also about new life and all, but then I thought of using Easter to get a free post and saving this post for this week. I figured I also needed something to make for Pickleope's post yesterday, so I decided to post it today.
STEPH: Do you plan another story in the Chronicles of Kassouk?
And I even made an insert to match the background I created on the front. It's been ages since I did an insert as I've been stamping direct onto the inside of the card for ages. I like the way the insert gives a more luxurious feel to the finished item.
Where does "honesty" sit on your list of traits when it comes to this hobby? What are your thoughts on it? How honest a hobbyist do you consider yourself?
— Truman Capote (Other Voices, Other Rooms)
I had just turned twenty when I left my religion. It was a decision that had been seven months in the making. It cost me my core group of friends at the time. It cost me my mother’s approval of me. It also temporarily cost me my relationship with the five youngest of my siblings, who were still minors and living at home (as they still are now, six years later). All my friends and my mom felt that I had lost my salvation and turned to the dark side. They were praying for my soul and praying for me to repent.
It contains an amazing substance called propolis, which helps to prevent and treat coughs nad colds as well as stomach disorders. Recent research suggests it can counter-act food poisoning bacteria.
An example of this is another project that I am happy to unveil here today, one called Conversations, that I created in collaboration with print artist Paul Ballard. Or perhaps it would be fairer to say that he created it in collaboration with me, since he did the bulk of the work. That is to say that while I was the writer, he was the visual artist and printer, and printing by hand, especially carefully produced limited edition prints on fine paper, is a very time consuming process indeed. Still, it was a successful collaboration, and now that Paul has completed some of the edition and copies have been deposited at various official libraries, I thought I would share it here.
Mary: Build a fire.
Edit: It turns out that designs on horses' haunches aren't unique to France. Using the same sort of template and back brushing, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police decorate their horses with maple leaves. I wonder if American horses put maple leaves on their haunches while traveling around Europe like the American backpackers who don't want to be recognized as being from the United States? Many thanks to Christine for sending the following photo that she found online!
I image googled Saint Patrick before I started this post, mainly because I had never actually studied a picture of him, and to my surprise they were mostly images of a cartoon leprechaun. Think, Lucky Charms dude. For the most part, Saint Patrick’s Day in America is celebrated with lots of green, lots of beer, and lots of green beer. And many people don’t understand the true meaning behind the celebratory day.
ARTWORK DROP OFF/DELIVERY DATES:
had improved. But I have to say I was most impressed by Henry Hopper as the credits rolled. He turned his character from a strange, ghost-talking, funeral crashing boy into a person who suffered death and overcame it but then had to suffer the passing of girl he loved so much. By the end of the movie Hopper had delivered a stunning and beautiful performance that I had thoroughly enjoyed.
Sift the dry ingredients into a mixing bowl. Cut the butter into small chunks and mix into the flour till the texture gets nice and crumbly. Then slowly add the beer. Don’t over mix or the biscuits will get chewy. Pat out the dough onto a lightly floured surface about an inch thick. Cut into squares, or use a biscuit cutter for circles. Bake at 425 in a glass baking dish prepared with non stick spray. 15 minutes should do it, just till the tops are golden! Cool on a wire rack.
This novel came out after Tsukihime, but it was my first TYPE MOON series, so I have fond memories of it. The default, "FATE" arc gives a general introduction the story, while the "Unlimited Bladeworks" route is in my opinion the best route. The final route, "Heavans Feel" feels like just a bunch of random stuff thrown together in an attempt to make a story.
49 get
I would also, for the record, be very interested to know which lords the British government has dispatched to deal with the grievances of the Serbs, Croats, Macedonians, Russians, Georgians and Israelis in these respective strife-torn regions.
“A family of four can sleep under an insecticide-treated bed net, safe from malaria, for three years,” according to Nothing But Nets’ website.
chin in my hands,
Mr. Jones, when distributing: prizes in the games organised by the Silvertown Labour Party's annual outing committee, said: "The Government needs beer badly, and the man who needs it most in the Government is Sir William Joynson-Hicks, the Home Secretary.
Finely chopped bacon
“Maybe that’s best, yeah,” his apprentice replied, pausing to discretely wipe a tear that had escaped from the fur on his cheek. He then ducked his head and gently pushed his way through the growing crowd and disappeared into the camp.
I also made some bunny ornies out of an old bed spread....I was super happy with them. I LOVE the color and they look really cute mixed in with my handmade Easter eggs.
Most writers, because they are writers and not performers, don't read their work particularly well. Roma is an exception. She read a passage from The Swimmer beautifully, bringing a poignancy that was palpable to a scene of great sadness. She answered questions with great good humour, and revealed a good deal about her working methods. One particularly striking aspect was her revelation that she always starts with an image. In the case of The Swimmer it was a photograph of a windswept Aldeburgh beach on which three figures were walking. She imagined the story of these three characters, and the novel grew from there. Several members of the audience commented on the power of her landscape scenes, and one questioner asked whether she painted landscapes - yes, she does. The evocative atmosphere of the East Anglian coast, with its melancholy emptiness, and sense of liminality, seems an appropriate setting for this tale.
Prayer: Lord, help me to put all my faith in you and no faith in money. I ask this, as always, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the holy Spirit…Amen!
I don't know if the old-fashioned irises from the country home where I'd been raised had been planted by the folks who built the old house in 1865, or if my paternal grandmother had planted them there in the 1920's when my family had lived there a few years. The spot where I planted some of those irises at my home got adequate sunshine when I planted them there 30 years ago. My oak trees have grown a lot since then, so now the irises are mostly shaded. I've known for some time that they need moved, but now that may be unnecessary.
Step 5: Now cut four 4.75" squares (or use the width measurement of your strip set) from your strip set.
The actors are all good. Samuel L. Jackson doesn't get much to do beyond glowering, but no one glowers quite like Samuel L. Cobie Smulders fits right in in a way that makes me look forward to seeing more of her in upcoming Marvel Universe movies. Mark Ruffalo is a breath of fresh air, playing Banner as part-hippie, part-science geek. Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans, and Robert Downey Jr. continue to find shades to their characters, giving them moments of recognizable humanity; Downey is especially a force, getting to be the usual cynical smartass, basically acting like he's still starring in his own movie--in a good way. And it needs to be said that, in his way, Clark Gregg as Agent Coulson is the one who sort of unifies the whole thing, playing a character we've come to know from his appearances in various movies and who stands in for the audience on several occasions.
Dusty's issues footnotes have an appendix
Fast Fold quick and easy assembly
This genius has found all the crazy pins on Pinterest and put them in one spot.
For us, these interruptions are sometimes minor losses and daily annoyances; sometimes they’re the source of great sorrow and bitter grieving.
Paired with a Two Year Verticle Pour of 2010 N’ice Chouffe
Pleasures that Breivik will never experience again because of his real English ‘mentor’ and their mutual political cause that Breivik gave his life up for whilst his English ‘mentor’ sits back with his feet up drinking tea and thinking about Breivik on lockdown for the rest of his life with a wry smile on his face.
I am the fool.
