Putting out the paper every week is not the problem. The only problem I can see is getting enough advertisers to pay the bills. I still have a lot of Faith and of course, a lot of Hope.
Anyway, the Tefal iron arrived yesterday and did I get the the shock of my life...I hadn't paid attention to the scale of the iron when I looked it up on the website. My frame of reference was our 17 years old iron which is tenuously held together with yellowing masking tape.
IN THE TOILET.
For now I'll spill guts on Candy Shop, it is what it sounds like, no hipster ironies here, not recreational medicine hub, but in fact a story selling candies of various sorts including the kind of giant lollipops usually found on Coney Island or Oz.
There are dangers to this as there are benefits. We usually see the benefits we are pursuing regardless of the plan, only as the plan unfolds and passes a certain “no turning back” point do we see some of the potential dangers.
Nevermind the thickness and weight, the features are so well worth it, eating the iPhone 4 (although not the 4s) alive if properly setup.
"Inspire" is an English language online magazine reported to be published by the organization Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). The English language glossy magazine is extremely well produced and is aimed at U.S. and European audiences.
E was interested in her dad's father's experiences so we started to dig, with our limited knowledge, and found some very interesting things. An afternoon went by. Our knowledge has increased and been enhanced. We know more about my girls' grandfather (sadly not with us now) than we did.
Well, we made it through our first day and actually had a lot of fun. The kids totally got into the teacher/mom phenomenon. The girls actually took it very literally; at one point madeline bumped her leg and was kinda crying. i, of course, said "awww, are you okay?" Sophie piped up, "Are you the mom now, instead of the teacher since Madeline got hurt??" haha :) And every time we were in the school room, Madeline would call to me with, "Teacher, Teacher!"
A high frequency Walkie Talkie with batteries.
-increase taxes on motor
DT: With a couple of exceptions, those being Pratchett and Gaiman, I wasn't a big fantasy reader in my youth. It's really only in the last five years that I've been seriously reading fantasy. I guess both Gaiman and Pratchett did leave their fingerprints on Giant Thief, though. They're both terrific writers of protagonists you can't help rooting for despite, or because of, their overwhelming defects as human beings. My instinct with Damasco wasn't so much that he'd be gritty or ambiguous, but that he'd stay true to a few basic traits that were bound to come with the lifestyle he'd been leading. He's a thief. That means he steals stuff and doesn't beat himself up over it. He's used to getting by on his own, and he's got far too big a mouth. I'm okay with any kind of hero, good, bad or indifferent, so long as they have that kind of consistency.
I'm sorry this is a little late getting up. My husband has been terribly sick with an inner ear infection. Vertigo and pilot don't mix and especially since he is Ultra Type A.
“Yes, we do,” she replied with a bead of tear formed in one corner of her eyes.
6) EGOS 2012 conference paper on collaboration and virtual worlds
Winter officially ended a few days ago, which I think is YAY-worthy (even though we've been having strangely warm weather here in Canada anyways haha)! :) But to celebrate the hopeful promise of warmer weather, I thought it'd be cool to check out some summery covers like these ones:
Taste itself is not neutral, so I'm not arguing for the absence of standards altogether. But I am arguing that a truly objective standard in things "indifferent" (as opposed to clear Scriptural teaching) is all but humanly impossible, making our judgments in such matters a combination of personality, providence, and culture.
The next morning Phat explains his plan to Jonah and Ling. Ling will be escorted northward to Peking and placed into the emperor's harem and in a few weeks, she will be able to act as a guide for Jonah and allow him entrance into the palace. Phat mentions that one as lovely as Ling would be very attractive to the emperor and maybe......
Tide, Downy, Bounce or Tide Stain Release $1/2
1/2 t fresh orange zest
Well, I was lazy and only did two layers. Chocolate on the bottom, pumpkin on top. I tried to swirl it, but with only the two layers I didn't really get swirl of combined batters. Also, the recipe called for the brownies to be baked in a 9 inch square pan, but many of the comments I read about the recipe said the batter was too rich and thick for that size and the brownies weren't baking thoroughly. Several commenters suggested a larger pan. I used a 9x12 and it worked perfectly.
For several months, our hosting provider has needed us to migrate from our old server farm, to a new server farm with updated OS, libraries, tools etc... The old servers are running on worn out hardware, and obsolete software revisions, and need to be decommissioned.
Addressing Cyber Bullying:
Humph. That wasn’t fun. Neither is being in this car.
It’s up to me just how busy I am. I can cut back at any time if I want to. And that’s what I was wanting from retirement. To do as much, or as little, as I wanted to do. To have my turn after years of answering to parents, teachers, bosses, children, PTAs, soccer, etc, etc., etc. What and how much I do is up to me.
BROOKLYN, N.Y.—An anecdote, to start this log.
I'm also ready to build a snow dinosaur with my nephew Owen.
Share a life
The meat is placed in between the scenes agian, and colour the facts
A dear friend is celebrating her birthday today as she enthusiastically begins practicing for the big one next year. I’m so glad we’re friends so I can tease her, especially since I passed this milestone a while ago. Happy birthday, Peggy.
By now, the fabric was so pretty that she got really vain, and wanted many to see her. She went to her good friend Janome sewingmachine, and asked if he could help her get quilted. No problem, Janome said.
I am a free-born Englishman. I have ancestors who spilt their blood, gave up their own lives for this country; I have others who faced hardship and deprivation and came out the other side, but were still willing to sacrifice. Why did they do this?
How do you do that?
Myriad types of misery
"thank GOODNESS I go to the salon and see Rachel today" and the wife is like
The things one does for love.
Have a great day, beautiful ones!
If you are into the sounds of Tracy Chapman, rumour etc: You should really check out Acoustic Ash's sounds. Follow the link below for website. She has also recently entered " Live and un-signed" competition, so has some wicked videos on Youtube that are definitely worth having a look at.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, I still have buried resentments and hostile feelings about the wedding and the time leading up to it as well. There were lovely people who took part and wonderful moments that I’ll never forget, but there were also selfish people and such petty behavior that can really put a damper on what is supposed to be the happiest day in one’s life.
FOOTBALL SOCKS
And wonders.
Door:
Clearly, I am getting screwed in this deal.
But Eig has found new evidence — a letter “recently discovered in FBI archives and never before revealed” — from a Chicago man named Frank T. Farrell to FBI chief J. Edgar Hoover, dated Jan. 28, 1935.
- 6 DSP papers
This cut out pattern look was used on the projection video for a segment during the Kylie tour and is amazing handwork. Unfortunately I haven't been able to find full figure photo.
peace.....)
Mr Cool
Later, as she matured, Durbin grew dissatisfied with the girl-next-door roles assigned to her, and attempted to portray a more womanly and sophisticated style. The film noir Christmas Holiday (1944) and the whodunit Lady on a Train (1945) were, however, not as well received as her musical comedies and romances had been.
So last year, about this time, I had bookmarks made for POSSESSION. And stickers. And jewelry. I was planning countdown giveaways each month from March - May. I had forms made for ARC requests and for people who wanted to host me on their blog for the release.
Here’s an interesting turn: The Nashville Predators are playing the Phoenix Coyotes for the right to go to the Western Conference finals.
The Cabal is getting desperate to start WWW 3 with its repeated attempts to find a reason to war with Iran and Pakistan and get the Chinese and Russians to attack US forces; and then there is the issue of all that gold off the Phillipines they have been trying to steal. The Cabal is getting ancy because their forces of reptilian and gray bases are diminishing and nearly one million clone units have been vaporized.
A friend gifted me with this fabulous label. She said when she saw it she thought of me! I am not sure whether I should be chuffed or miffed because when she saw garbage my name just popped into her head! I guess I will go with the first one. The Count stamp was an obvious choice to accompany it. There is also a wonderful Lady stamp that would make a great companion stamp for say an anniversary or wedding card. I stuck the label down on black card stock with double-sided tape and embedded it with an embossing folder. The Count was stamped in versamark and heat embossed with Class Act embossing powder, trimmed and distressed around the edge and mounted on a piece of red card stock. The ribbon treatment uses a piece of very sticky double-sided tape. The ribbon is ruffled as you lay it down. I like to use a bamboo skewer to keep the folds even. The greeting was made using my Dymo label maker.
Begin adding the reserved squash/stock puree about one cup at a time. Allow most of the liquid to be absorbed before adding more. Continue adding liquid until rice is almost cooked through. It should be al dente. Stir in the cheese and season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve immediately.
(3) What are you doing to promote your books?
Going Postal opens on the very last day of the unfortunate Moist Von Lipwig's (a.k.a. Albert Spangler and any number of other aliases) life. He's made a good run of it as a swindler and a con man, but he's been apprehended and sentenced to hang that morning. Sometimes, however, you get an angel, this time in the guise of Ankh Morpork's tyrannical ruler Lord Vetinari. Moist has a choice to make -- execution or … become Postmaster of the Ankh Morpork Post Office, which has fallen on hard times in recent years.
Home-schooled and puberty (or lack of) happened.
USA Refused Bin Laden’s Capture February 27th 2001 ! James Corbett: The Truth About Terrorism! Governments Stage False Flag Attacks To Further Their Agenda! Cindy Sheehan: “If You Believe The Newest Death Of Osama Bin Laden YOU’RE STUPID!” Alex Jones: Red Alert – Help Stop False Flag Terror! Dr. Steve Pieczenik: “Today’s Terrorist is Tomorrow’s Statesman”! Alex Jones: Terrorism’s Big Dirty Secret! Fear And Hate Hype, Propaganda And Hoax! Greece Considers Exit from Euro Zone! Athens Mulls Plans for New Currency! Toby Conner: Greatest Profit Potential Still Ahead For Gold And Silver! Israeli TV Shows Palestinian Torture!
Post Tags: Cheapest price Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System, Silver – Powered by Keurig, Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System, Silver – Powered by Keurig for Sale, Best Price Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System, Silver – Powered by Keurig, Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System, Silver – Powered by Keurig Review, Best Buy Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System, Silver – Powered by Keurig, Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System, Silver – Powered by Keurig shopping & sale, Where to buy Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System, Silver – Powered by Keurig, Lowest price Cuisinart SS-700 Single Serve Brewing System, Silver – Powered by Keurig
I've been reading Harry Potter and UMBRIDGE IS A BIG JERK!
a) a besotted 14-year-old girl
their ultimate. I don't believe in the annihilation of mankind, but I do believe in mutation."
- Easy embedding for sharing anywhere
Yesterday’s trip to the local Target store took a lot longer than planned. I couldn’t find anything. The toys were the only things that remained in their old location. Perhaps the management doesn’t want to interfere with kids’ mental geography? But young minds are flexible, or so I’ve been told. What about my old, encrusted brain? My first thought was to blame the renovation on a desire to make shoppers wander the entire store, thereby involuntarily making us see stuff we then might be enticed to buy. This notion soon proved to be incorrect.
Is Another World Possible? The Politics of Utopia & the Surpassing of Capitalism in Recent Exhibition Practice
Gwendolyn Strong was born in October, 2007, perfectly healthy, but was diagnosed with the terminal disease Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Type I at 6-months-old.
The Olympics are perhaps the biggest sports spectacle the world has ever seen. The only event that I think that comes close is the FIFA World Cup. Every four years, I’m riveted by the amazing displays of talent and athleticism that the Olympics provide. A truly global event, athletes from almost every nation travel to one city to compete in what could be the pinnacle of their careers. The triumphs and failures of these athletes are on display for millions of viewers via their television screens.
Malice
UPDATE: 1st March, 2011. It seems that Simon Carswell at the Irish Times has been dabbling in the Black Arts as he is today seemingly able to bring us some inside details on the project. There was, he claims, an AIB loan of €30m advanced after April 2009 to REO/Treasury for the development. This was acquired by NAMA at a nil haircut because of a deal done between NAMA and the banks that post-April 2009 lending would not attract a haircut as otherwise banks would be reluctant to make the advances. It is not clear what pre-April 2009 lending had taken place. Simon claims that in total there was €40m of development lending on top of the €30m post-April 2009 from AIB. This €40m presumably includes the pre-April 2009 lending PLUS the additional advances made by NAMA to finish out the project. Whilst AIB and NAMA “declined to comment on the transaction” Simon also claims that the CIE obtained €21m from the deal (they apparently had a development deal with REO and CIE was the original owner of the land) – this echoes the claim made by Michelle Devane in the Sunday Business Post a couple of days ago. Simon concludes today with “the profit made by Nama is estimated to be less than €10 million, according to sources familiar with the finances behind the property”. It is noteworthy that at least 3/7ths of the lending was made after April 2009 when Montevetro was well advanced at that stage. Of course what we would all like to know is how much the taxpayer lost on the deal, but NAMA is not likely to reveal that voluntarily but who knows what the Black Arts might reveal.
She wants me to attend her voice nonstop,
Well, I'm glad I take photos of (most) of my finished stuff, as otherwise I'd forget what I've done! Especially the stuff that goes to good homes. =)
“Thanks for believing in me so much, guys,” I said, giving them some serious side-eye before joining in on the laughter.
I hate doing pictureless posts so I'll be back when I can figure it out.
Bake until golden, 13 to 15 minutes. 12 minutes was the magic number for the smaller cookies.
A talk by David Brittain, UK Armed Forces Humanist Association Chaplain.
Irish stew. For the gods’ sake – bloody Irish sodding stew. And not even like his mum used to make. No, the tasteless fatty lumps of what passed for meat floated in a layer of grease and potatoes were scarce. Even Cora hadn’t made anything this vile – and that was saying something. He paused for a moment and grinned. That was the one good thing about the job. No Cora - the viper who had surely been Satan’s spawn. After twenty-five years of unadulterated hell, it was blissful to be rid of the bitching battle-axe.
In three years it has achieved little. Few prominent investigations have been opened, and the local judiciary has not improved appreciably. The difficult context partly explains this failure, but the main causes are internal – incompetence, weak management and possibly even disloyalty to the mission’s mandate.
“And what if you are merely insane?” you ask.
I came upon the crossroads by following Rue de Grenelle from deep within the 7eme. Carrefour de la Croix Rouge is the junction of;Rue de Grenelle
Wrestle, wrestle; it’s open, open
In spite of its limitations, Bolivia’s constitutional assembly constitutes a unique democratic experiment. The final text promises to change the country’s political sphere, by introducing a range of levels of decentralisation and a new relationship between the social movements and the state. It also redefines the relationship between the individual and the state, re-establishing the role of the state in guaranteeing social protections, integrating excluded majorities, and incorporating their traditional forms of knowledge.
at the wounds I score
Shipping at Ginger Snap Scraps is $5 flat rate shipping to the US and
So far, she has re-organised the basement, and plans to do the kitchen next.
If you've read my blog at least once you know that I'm a big fan of beer's history. From its ancient world changing effects to the ads we all grew up with. Come on... who doesn't remember the Hamm's bear, right?
Message: If you take everyone’s shit then the world will hand you a great life.
“I congratulate the US Attorney and the administration for reclaiming these public funds on behalf of the City of New York,” said Council Member Letitia James. “The four years I have spent bringing attention to the mismanagement and unjustifiable costs of Citytime— and the work that has been done by Comptroller John Liu— has been integral to bringing these matters to light. I once called Citytime a ‘thief’s buffet’. Well today, we see that justice has been served. I furthermore hope the administration considers putting these public funds towards restoring the $53 million in cuts made to early childhood education last fiscal year, and the $60 million made in after-school programs.”
Very sublime verses with a killer riffing chorus and some slide and harmony guitars to good effect
The locals are invariably amused to see foreigners, and despite the crowded space, you'll be easily roped into a conversation with the characteristic Nepali smiles. During my sisters' visit from America, we met a gaggle of college students from Koteshwor. They had come all the way from campus to visit the shop so they could pig out and get a bit tipsy on chang within their student budgets while flirting with classmates.
it’s her quick wit and her sister’s devotion that save Fatima – as well as Bluebeard’s apparent inability
“Exactly. In about one minute, you’re going to leave here and walk to the middle of the street. They’re going to approach you, and we’ll take it from there.”
Me again
As A Story of Faith is being read on Kindle, Nook, Paperback all over the US and outside the US in places such as Columbia, Venezuela, Mexico, Germany and other countries that we may not even know about, we encourage those that have not taken the time to purchase a book, to consider purchasing one today.
It’s a good time to be a LGBT teenager. No, really. Although, and believe me, I KNOW, that there will be young people reading this who aren’t having a great time right now, there has never been so much open discussion of young people and sexuality. Visibility of this issue has never been higher.
Without You, Without You, Without You No I can’t live (Repeat 2x)
Maybe it was the pleasant morning spent strolling through fields and communing with nature and leaving the big smoke behind or maybe it was the company of the Head Brewer and the Malting’s Manager, but the beers shared that night just seemed to taste fresher and better than I thought I would remember them to be.
Why - is - that?
Passions in Portraiture
A little while later, CP came over to me and mentioned that it was a nice night for a walk. So we went for a walk. I was bound and determined NOT to bring the subject up. I knew that if this adoption was meant to be, then he had to be the one to bring it up - I did NOT want to push him into something that he seemed so clearly against. It wasn't until we actually got back to our house and we were standing in the driveway that he mentioned the boy. He told me that JA had talked to him and asked if I was going to try and convince him to change his mind. I told him "No, you need to come to a decision on your own. You have valid concerns and this is a HUGE decision". We talked at length and I finally told him that he didn't have to give me an answer that night, but that he would need to make a decision soon or it would be too late for this boy.
Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting,
With this confirmation, I have come to accept that there are other elements, signs and “things on my mind” that must be true. For if one of my “thoughts” is actually Divine Fact, then all the other “thoughts” must be as well. These are “thoughts” that come from my subconscious, not from my conscious, imaginative mind. I have always known what I have to do, which is to see Earth through Her transition into the next dimension, or usher in The Golden Age. The Cosmic has now shown me where, how and with whom my mission is to be carried out. Although these recent developments are Out of This World, which is a bit scary to my Earth mind and body, I am glad to know that I am not a “crazy person”. I feel more whole. I feel more complete. I no longer feel lost, and my focus is more clear that it ever has been.
Just a note, not all the recipes will be vegan on that blog. I will link to the posts for those who are interested, but I will NOT tolerate any bashing of the recipes that people share with me. (I won't be eating animals, don't worry!).. we are about making produce accessible. Any produce is better than no produce.
This month, I will be dedicating a minimum of 15 minutes per day to stretching and doing myofacial release on a foam roller. Now 15 minutes per day may not sound like much, but for someone who stretches less than 15 minutes most weeks it’ll take a commitment.
Fabric type: 1050D Ballistic Nylon
Sugar - 1/2 tsp
One of the things that I enjoyed most about this book was that Ellis was able to turn the myth into a man. When you think about or read about George Washington there are all of these lofty ideals and mythology that surrounds him. He is the man that made all of the right decisions and brought this country forward when it was struggling to survive. While still keeping high praise on Washington, Ellis brings to us a man who did not always know what the right answer was, lost more battles that he won, and ultimately did not want to be President of the United States. He made the first President much more approachable and someone who you could connect to in some ways – it can be hard when you can’t necessarily place yourself into his shoes.
SuperList is a generic view for lists with numeric information that allows to sort, filter, toggle between bars and numbers etc. Think of it as a starting point for tabular data display on the iPad.
The main headscratcher - Obama leading 51-41 among independents. Much better than his 2008 numbers when it was Hope and Change instead of Moan and Complain.
With a ring at the end of his nose.
My card share today was created with Melon Mambo, Pacific Point and White cardstocks. I used Pacific Point ink to stamp a random design on my white cardstock, then filled in the white background with one of the Itty Bitty backgrounds stamps (this set is now retired but forever lives upon my stamping desk!!! Its always one that I reach for, perfect for filling in those white spaces when needed!)
It is 12 years since Nigel Doughty first became benefactor to Nottingham Forest Football Club, financing the appointment of former England player David Platt as the club’s new manager in the wake of relegation from the Premier League, under the Chairmanship of Eric Barnes.
The media de-humanised him but refused him right of reply. An interview he gave to the BBC was edited by splicing together different parts of his interview to produce the opposite of what he had said. The interview was 30 minutes but only 93 seconds were used.
Boy: Ok. Well le't see if this is it. OK. Scans some things. Asks for the number again. Finally is convinced that this is the right item, right price. OK. OK. I can issue you a store credit. I can't give you cash.
Brodus Clay would make his usual entrance but this time he wasn’t alone. Hornswoggle would accompany the Funkasaurus to make an unusual duo for this tag team match. Their opponents? Jack Swagger and Dolph Ziggler. The match was characteristic for a Brodus Clay match. Clay and Hornswoggle would pick up the win just shortly after the initial bell. The segment ended with Vickie Guerrero entering the ring only to get bitten in the behind by Hornswoggle.
Now, it’s time to have some fun with the mystery photo. Is everyone feeling smart this week? Are we going to have multiple winners or am I going to stump you once again? Here’s a clue to get you thinking. This is something that a lot of you see every day, while some may only come across it occasionally. I’m betting that most of you encounter something along these lines on a regular basis. Is that vague enough for you??
Those were the times when you didn't want the giant target that was a tropicana bottle cap as your cap.
I will not miss them this year...and if you don't have a wristband you can see them for free at auditorium shores on Saturday at 5pm.
Better to be stuffed up a sleeve like a fleece cap
However in this latest cycle, it’s crystal clear that the models are not only prohibited from complaining but they are also not allowed to stand up for their rights. Which raises an obvious question, is the modeling industry truly this cruel or the show is just conveying a negative impact on the scene as a whole. Is it there truly a bitter side to the scene which is already not being exaggerated?
I began to say something when Vu interupted with, "Mom, it WAS Patrick's fart and you should let him have his own fart."
“We successfully prevented Massachusetts from becoming the Las Vegas of gay marriage,” Romney said to raucous applause.
When we got to the spot, I was immediately disappointed. Where the hell are all the turtles? There’s just a bunch of rocks here!
Our challenge is open to any type of crafting not only card making, please keep this in mind. You may enjoy baking cakes, make jewellery, felting, Knitting, Crocheting ... the lists are endless :)
Next order of business: get out your prettiest champagne flutes. Drop in a few frozen raspberries, add a tablespoon or so of the St. Germaine elderflower liqueur, and fill the rest of the glass with equal parts sparkling wine and club soda.
08 - Loose Loose Loose
We got him as he walked into his flats complex after a visit to the dentist. When we approached him, he was carrying a bundle of newspapers under his arm. After I told him who we were and where we were from, he sniffily replied: “I don’t do tabloids.” A quick glance at the papers under his arm bore that out - they were all broadsheets. Anyway, he deigned to talk to us about his intervention on the Frontline for a few minutes. Gary and I had already decided that we would get as much as we could out of him before we asked him about his criminal past.
These were some of the nicer finds in the basket:
In an appallingly irreverent in its irrelevance and afrophiliac propaganda puff piece published today in the Sunday Times' Book Review entitled "Race, the Remix The Grey Album by Kevin Young," the verminous journalos of Forty-Second Street subsidize publication of a review of a big-word blah-blah "Whitey bad" afro-centrist screed, staining in the process the most expensive real estate in the book review publishing world with a self-serving spew of invective that in a sane society would be reserved to the Personals section of High Times Magazine.
The next time I spoke to her in person, I would have to deny it, just like last time. I’d have to put on that blank, furrowed look, shrug and say, “Wasn’t me.” Then she’d stare me down for a few seconds to see if I’d admit it. Then the conversation would gradually wane, and then the friendly hug would occur, and then the walking away trying to look cool would happen. Then I’d be somewhere else, building up to the call again, but each time I’d resist it a few minutes or hours longer, and then I’d gradually learn to go to sleep, and then nothing would be heard or seen from either of us for years, until someone indirectly, through word of mouth of several messengers would relay that someone was married, or had kids and was living happily…and then all ties would be severed, and all would be well and calm in regard to a matter that would serve as no more than footnote in an ever-lengthening personal history.
I cut out the images and put them on pop dots. It really does work....you can scratch the fruit and they smell exactly like they look!
Director Penny Marshall's The Preacher's Wife followed in 1996 with Denzel Washington and Courtney B. Vance. The film was a remake of The Bishop's Wife with Loretta Young, Cary Grant and David Niven and considered a moderate hit.
The Sisterhood of Karn was a female society dedicated to protecting the Sacred Flame, which produced the Elixir of Life.
What is more significant is the hostility to both Michael and Elvira. Michael is a “drug-fiend”, whose death is practically welcomed. Where did Wodehouse get “drug-fiend” from? The trial reports hinted at debauchery and dissolution but stopped short of that accusation. Rumours did abound, especially among those “in the know”. Wodehouse was well acquainted with Beverley Nichols, who was happy to tell all and sundry that Michael was a “pusher of cocaine”, so maybe that’s the source.
I cannot complain. Well, I suppose I could, but why? The two thousand square feet of tilling took about thirty minutes – counting travel time with the tractor and I gave him a “get off my butt” minimum price and a per hour price after that.
-My house is finally starting to feel like home and slowly but surely all the boxes are being unpacked and organized. I truly cannot wait until i can say all of the boxes have been gone through. (everything is done except the office stuff, but oh how i hate office stuff/junk)
During the trial it was revealed that the group was heavily infiltrated. Indeed, meetings occurred where the activists were in the minority and most people in the room were either undercover cops, private detectives hired by McDonald's, or a second group of detectives hired to spy on the first lot.
I found the poem where this quote came from just after watching "Care Home Kid" on TV. Some parts showed children having good experiences in the care system, but others show that it's pretty bad. I think they said the statistic for kids in care ending up in prison / young offenders in later life was about 60-70%. Not good.
Eryn has recently moved to Redgrave, a town which she has been told has little to zero paranormal activity. Little did she know that that was the furthest from the truth that it could get. Now Eryn is faced with a power hungry vampire, werewolves and revelations she's not willing to accept, at the same time as dealing with the recent disappearance of her parents and her growing wolven abilities.
Many have commented on my physical recovery, saying that I have added years to my life. I don’t know what kind of appointment God has for me regarding my graduation to Glory, but this much I know: I would rather live a year with this level of freedom and connection to God than twenty years the way I was before! When I am consciously connected to it, His love is truly better than life!
After the wedding festivities were over, Dhrumil decided to stay in LA another day. We went for a drive and talked about all the major issues that could be potential roadblocks for us. We opened up about fears, life dreams, goals, marriage, children, career, spirituality, money, and so forth. It seemed a bit strange to be so bold about typically touchy subjects, however in reflection this is exactly how I would want things to go down BEFORE getting too emotionally wrapped up and romantically entangled in a relationship that didn't share the same views or life vision. It was such an objective interview. This was SOOOOO REFRESHING! Being bold and direct is definitely the way to go!
I'm sure you read Giraffy's blog, and if you don't ... um, go do it! If you have been reading, then you are aware of her Evan Dando obsession. Apparently I have a sympathetic bone in my body because now I'm on a mission to help save him. I just want to send him some clothes. And shampoo. And maybe help him kick the drug habit. He just seems like a lost little puppy. I might br a little insane. I blame Giraffy for this one.
Sometimes the kid picked last for a team will be the one who wins the game. Never discount anyone.
XX- The House Lady (Luce)
This week’s Pagan Blog Project post is about Joy, how to find it, and the things I find bring me the most joy. I think ‘joy’ means many things to many people – as unique individuals we find joy in many different things don’t we. This is a wonderful thing in itself. But what is joy? Well, the Oxford English Dictionary defines it thus:
7. Avoid soup. It’s loaded with sodium which will cause you to retain water and appear puffy.
Yes, it makes it green, but Puck wishes it wasn't raining!
Under ORS 471.565, you can sue the establishment that served the drunk driver alcohol (assuming there was one) by filing a Dram Shop Notice within 180 days.
Beginning with the “Problem and Opportunity Statement” referencing the Kirkendall Traffic Management Plan’s statement that “Community concerns indicated a need for enhanced pedestrian and bicycle access and improved safety along the existing corridor,” the trajectory seems clear enough.
FOR my first twenty years, since yesterday,
A barbarian
Yet this is not to say that there are times where things seem to be left unsaid a bit too much. Glogauer's failed relationships with women seem at times to flow into one another without much differentiation between them. While there is character development, at times, especially toward the end, he shifts too much toward his ultimate role without much in the way of plausible development. Although it would, as I state above, weaken the narrative to develop the backstory much beyond what is presented here, the occasional transitionary stage during the Palestine scenes might have made the whole even stronger than what was achieved.
“Never hold you’re rather loud 10 month old while playing hide-and-seek with your 4 year old…he might give away your position…”
With X, it was the way he would pull me close in the morning, curve his body around my own. And with another couple whose intricacies currently interest me, it’s how he would bring her tea in the morning. Or perhaps not how or that he brought her tea, but the way she described it, how it made her feel. Action, and then more importantly, reaction. The small things…not really small at all…
Notice that the common denominator that explains psychopathic behavior is the fact that psychopaths need to be IN CONTROL. They are principally motivated by the need to exercise power over others. Stalking behavior is a common strategy that psychopaths use to intimidate their non-compliant victims and an effort to punish them and regain control. For their victims, this is particularly difficult to deal with because stalking laws vary from state to state and because stalking–particularly cyberstalking–is very difficult to establish under the current laws. Generally speaking, one must establish a pattern of stalking as well as harmful intent and threat to safety: all from the same source/stalker. Since stalkers can be very stealthy and know how to erase their traces, reroute their IP address and easily get new email addresses, it’s not easy to take legal action against a psychopathic (cyber)stalker.
I have never seen so much excitement from a 9 year old child about Christmas. The amazement and wonder in her eyes was priceless. Christmas eve we took the three little's to see St. Nick. He was in a cute part of old town in a little cabin. It was beautiful and almost 60 degrees, which was wonderful for waiting in line outside. Gemma was not sure what to think of him but he was very kind and we got some great pictures. Ava even drew Santa a picture!
This poor boy, who only knows of air conditioning and comfy beds is out there lost, and probably terrified. He needs his mommy. I wake up and look for him, screaming his name around the area all day. It's become my job- only a 14 hour shift one with no pay... I can't sit still, I fear I might miss him when he might come out in front of me.
And how do you do?
Sometimes, the shadiness finds her, as is the case with Tony (Giulio Bianchi), the virginal boyfriend of Janet (Stefania Nocilli), one of Emanuelle's favourite models. Sticking a gun in her face (he was hiding in the backseat of her car), Tony blames Emanuelle for the all the ills of society ("All you know about is sex!"). Quick thinking and an impromptu blow job get Emanuelle out of the sticky ordeal, one that, surprisingly, left her not that sticky (Tony runs away before Emanuelle could finish the job). This, it should be pointed out, is the first instance where Emanuelle utilizes her main weapon of choice, which is: Sex.
What I thought Poulos was saying in the most labored, pretentious, roundabout way was this:
Because the sun sets quickly near the equator, I was almost too late.
Have you ever thought about the decisions you’ve made? Like, all of them together. How the right decisions have made things so wrong? Does that mean the wrong decisions would have made everything right? Or is it just me? Would Now have been the same no matter what?
Everywhere. Literally. My brain is always churning with ideas and thoughts about how to do something, tweak something, etc.
Here are pictures of our Box Day for Heart of Dakota's Little Hearts for His Glory. I am so very anxious to get started with this new curriculum for her official start to Kindergarten. I really think she is going to like it.
But let's just suppose for a second that Pop really does has a plan up his sleeve and that his comments are part of that. Well, I got news for ya Fred. You're son is an idiot. Instead of leaving the team with something to think about along with plenty of food for thought, Lil Jeff rushed in like Boy Blunder and rubbed calamine lotion on the affected players asses like a Head-Nurse at a Poison Ivy M*A*S*H tent.
The fraudulent “War on Terror” is one such manufactured problem, perpetually both fueled and fought by the monied elite to keep their rackets, and the power, wealth, and influence derived from them continuing perpetually. The healthcare debate is another problem capable of being permanently solved, but is allowed to purposefully drag on to maintain an entire industry built upon exploiting the desperation of the sick and injured.
WHAT KIND OF MOOD ARE WE IN
I hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. We had a pretty quiet one. My dishwasher died so we went and picked up a new one on Friday then we got it put in on Saturday morning. K said that was my valentine's present!!! Works for me--I know, I"m strange like that!!!
Here's a picture of the totally adorable cupcakes that I almost ruined by dropping them 10 seconds after picking them up from the baker. I almost had a heart attack. I did my best to mend them, but you can see that a couple of them were still kinda smooshed-ish.
In overly simplistic terms -
Ultimate Pet Resort License is attached
A walk along the beach does wanders or the 2 people you are going with decide to play Draw Something !!!!!!! against each other.
That’s how a lot of that classical music was, though.
In light of all the recent storms, I thought I’d address my survival pack. By survival pack, I mean what I drag to the basement with me whenever the tornado sirens start going off and the wind picks up. And once all my stuff is IN the basement, I abandon it to stand out in the front yard until I’m bound to be swept away like Jonas’s truck in Twister. I know I can get into the basement fast, but it takes a little prep time to gather the items that mean the most to me. The pack has changed throughout the years based what’s important to me at that juncture of my life. SO here are my survival packs throughout the years:
52 bring
F Why would I listen to the outpourings of a woman who admits to a less than accomplished career as a parent?
He’d been a fan of Morrissey in his teens and I imagined a melancholic youth with floppy hair smoking dope. He said he was a Catholic and, however lapsed, the faith was in his blood.
Von Stroheim makes Margaret pitiable. However, he also lets us see her as the lieutenant does—as the lieutenant really does, consciously or not. We often see Billington’s face bathed in light: beautiful, but always terribly down. In one key moment, she leans her head against a wire-backed chair and the pattern makes it appear as though she’s pressed against a bed of nails. This is a woman out of Von Steuben’s league, but so unhappy that she might succumb to him. I doubt he analyzes it that deeply.
After you’ve dropped about $300 or more on a pair of dress shoes it’s crucial that you take proper care of them. The reason I recommend getting at least two pairs is because your shoes do better if you give them a day off after having worn them.
We are so proud of him and all that he has done this year! He has turned into an amazing reader and has started taking an interest in chapter books. He would never admit it, but singing is one of his favorite things to do. He has made so many new friends at school this year and has had an absolute blast going. I think he is still under the impression that school is just a time to get together and play with his buds and all that learning stuff is just something they do on the the side.
Sonaisali Island Resort’s Managing Director, Aaron McGrath, said “I am delighted to be able to promote such a hard working and dedicated member of staff as Koroi, he has an amazing rapport with guests – young and old. Our guests, and their expectations, couldn’t be in better hands. It is also pleasing to see some good local talent entering into Senior Management positions at the resort and this will continue to be a focus for Sonaisali.”
Come on, Heroman. You have to catch me. You’ve never let me down before.
The first sentence in Genesis reads, “In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth.” Ten words and easy to remember.
- Not able to trust God and others
This is an actual play. He has a woman up there performing with him. A guy meets his roommate’s dance partner for PCN (Pilipino Cultural Night) to convince her to wait for the roommate, who will be late. Flatters her. He’s written a script for PCN. Shows it to her. It’s about a guy “who comes to the realization of his identity when his grandmother is dying.” Play within a play. Making fun my-grandmother-cooks-rice narratives. Girl critiques this. Here comes the lesson: why make fun of our own people with the thick accents? Wow, is this an actual PCN script? A PCN script within a PCN script?
Where to start? I think I'll start with the newest goodies.
Rally of the Scottish People (Togo)
Hello my crafty friends. We had some gorgeous entries for our ribbon challenge. So many of you use ribbon in such great ways and what pretty bows you all had.
Yes thank you, I'm rather more steady today. But I've a feeling I'm in for another wakeful night, because nighttime is when one worries. Daytime is when you get it all into perspective. Pah. Really.
The mindset
Joost Honselaar (television director)
How happy would you feel if you owned an index fund and paid say an MER of just .17% in this situation? I think you would not care about the .17% at all. You would undoubtedly be asking isn’t there something I can do, we can do, to offset this decline like move to cash? Brutal answer, no. But hey you did have a cheap MER.
Does this mean that the other ideas were bad? NO! Not at all. They are genius, every single one of them. But in order for them to work, we had to use them. And, we just couldn't stick with any of them except smiley faces. My point is this, instead of beating yourself up for not doing all the clever little tips that blogland and others provide, find what works best for you and your family. If it's something you have a hard time implementing, no worries; just find something that fits. Remember, they're tips and tricks. Suggestions. Not measuring sticks. Let's keep this parenting gig fun where we can; moulding the hearts of our littles is hard enough without us adding the additional pressure of keeping up with the Jones'. xo
So with all these avenues available to pay for your journey, I believe our passengers get a lot of opportunities to do the right thing.
Today's post is my card for the latest challenge over at Peachy Keen Stamps, the Tuesday Sketch Challenge.
And Ryan brought back the trophy for the Norris Easter Egg hunt (which Randy and I will be bringing home this year!).
Quarks have their say: distance is inverted by space detractors in Bikrhoff circles
Shaving in the shower is common for women, but for men it's a little difficult if they don't have a mirror in front of them. Not anymore, with ShaveWell's Fogless Mirror!!
You will be able to hear some of the best specialist music and talk show presenters on the station drum up support for the station and call in your pledges to 021 448 5450 or SMS your message to 32158.
What has you giving 100% on the days where 75% is all that you've got to give?
She really touched the right note when it comes to my own artistic endeavors. More often than not, when I get to work on something, I start with the question, "I wonder if I can even do this?"
It opens with one of Anna Cordingley's most spectacularly lush sets (beautifully lit, or, in some cases, unlit, by Paul Jackson): a long thrust, with art deco floor lights, silver curtains, a huge chandelier. We enjoy this for perhaps five minutes before the whole thing is plunged into complete blackness by a small explosion in the lighting box, and Meow Meow is scrambling over the darkened seats of the auditorium, bullying audience members to lend her iPhones (which, astonishingly, they do), or to hold torches ("my face! on my face!"), or to power a bicycle generator. One particularly harassed audience member turns out to be music theatre star Mitchell Butel, who proves to be much more than a foil to Meow Meow's incandescence, and has a couple of show-stoppers himself.
I always love the lessons they learn that happen organically.
I didn’t know what to say. I took the books. Inside the bag was Emma. He had also included Fitzgerald, Wilde, Salinger, Dostoyevsky, Dickens, Gogol, Brontes, Verne, and Bradbury. My mom laughed at the load I’d been given because up to that point, reading was not my thing. I could comprehend (I have always blown away proctors when taking comprehension tests) what I was reading, could read quickly, but found no enjoyment in it. As a teacher, I think she secretly hoped that Mr. Cartegena’s plan would work. It definitely changed my life.
Attribution-NonCommercial
So, here you are already three. Still making everyone laugh with your silliness, singing lovely songs for us. Who cares if you know the words or not. When you make up your own words, it just makes the songs more fun to listen to. Everyone seems drawn to you. While at the Catholic Schools week pizza party, I don’t think your feet touched the floor the whole time we were there. Several different kids felt the need to carry you around. Good thing you enjoy the attention.
“Economic Crisis and the Working Class: re-thinking class struggle” — Gary Teeple
This afternoon, I had the treat of all treats. I finally went to the Manhattan Doll Club at The City Quilter shop in NYC, and met the most wonderful people I'd ever want to meet here in NY. It's been so long since I have been to any doll club- the last time was more than 2 years ago when I lived in Seattle, WA, and I've really missed it. I've been so busy adjusting to my move to NY that I have not gotten "into it" all year, and prior to that, I went back to school full time and studied so hard I couldn't think straight! I'm glad I did all that, and even happier that it's finally behind me. March 25 will be the one-year mark, and last week I finally found the accounting job I have been waiting for. I guess today's visit means that I'm finally getting adjusted, and getting back to myself. I'm as pleased as punch!
Evelyn hair w/Roots – teal: Truth
Let me start out by saying that I didn’t read this entire article. I know, I know: I should read it before I comment on it. Instead of commenting on the article, I’ll comment on the sentiment – it’s been expressed many times before in many other articles. The current state of technology has created a situation in which we are often “alone together,” and in which many people do not actually converse with each other.
Parsley: Garden Freebie
Skaters with a weight
"Well done"? Okay, eventually women did get the right to vote (in 1920 in the United States). But was it worth all the pain and suffering? (If the video quits working, click here.) Take a look at this photo of "the militant campaigner for women's suffrage, Emmeline Pankhurst, being arrested outside Buckingham Palace, London, May 1914."
Someone who has responsibility in their work, an accomplished person. Because I think that sort of person is the coolest. Also, someone who loves themselves. If they have those 2 qualities, its more than enough but if I had to give another requirement: someone who has fashion sense.
This is also in note card format at my etsy store for 1.50 per card.
Hubby has put his blog on hold for now, not deleted. At least not yet. I have seen him let go of a few blogs so I don't know if he will be back to blogging again or not. He wants to concentrate on his music. He is no longer on my blog.
4. Sprinkle your clean counter with flour. Take the ball of dough and knead it until it isn’t sticky. Place the dough in an oiled bowl, and let it rise, about an 1 hr. Then, punch down the dough, and form a ball. Roll it out.
I need a miracle every day.indelibly embossed upon my grey-matter more than 30 years later.
“My brother’s a skater.”
Off to a crazy weekend with me and my girls. Scott is away and there is so much to do. I'm going to try to take some pictures and savor the moments with them.
So we’ll call it good.
As the number calls rose, the company decided to set up a “sting operation” to find out where the calls were coming from. The site made some adjustments to its code and served a different telephone number to the IP address that had been accessing a large amount of its data.
We try to thank folks for these tokens, by letter/email/blog/phone call, etc.
It turns out that, for me, the solution is more travelling. This previous weekend my program went south – quite literally through the greener pastures of Chile – to Pucón, and I then continued on to Puerto Varas. While the first day in Pucón was somewhat of a blur due to the overnight bus ride, but I spent the second climbing an active volcano named Villarrica with two guides and a small group of friends. The trip began at sunrise around 6 AM, and due to good weather, was spectacular the entire way. By far the best part was descending the glacier just below the summit cone, which we did in about fifteen minutes with the help of ice axes and small plastic sleds. The following day I packed myself a lunch, rented a mountain bike, and spent the late morning and afternoon exploring the surrounding area.
I freely admit that I have bought into the idea of cognitive load, and I’ve changed the way I provide data to others because of it. Here are a few lessons I’ve learned from Professor Shiv:
3. To serve, toss the cooked penne with the sauce, and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
and, most importantly, there is the chance to show the sock to other people who understand.
Well I was just faced with a similar dilemma. In the middle of last week, Wednesday to be specific, I drove up to Tulsa,OK for 1 of my best friend’s wedding!!!! I was either in Tulsa or Bartlesville (a small city about 1 hour north of Tulsa where the wedding was actually held) until Sunday.
12. Or, to put it another way, ‘Honeybadger don’t care.’
Like “summer” nights really ought to command,
We spend so much time worrying about tomorrow, fretting about yesterday, troubling ourselves about things over which we have no control. We forget to live, to be. We chase dreams and rainbows and are in turn chased by nightmares and demons. We forget how to believe. We forget that we bring the good or the bad into our lives through our own attitudes and thoughts.
On to the next one..
The long road to…Grand Teton National Park and then Yellowstone National Park and then Waterton National Park and then Jasper National Park…and then civilization again in Vancouver. And then back to Toronto via ???
37. Had enough money to be truly satisfied - I am satisfied but would still like more money! Do I contradict myself?
What he called oatmeal for a long time: “Opono.”
Imp was lifted from on top of me, and Tattletale was picked up next, from right beside me.
My kids absolutely love Peef the Christmas Bear (and subsequent books) by Tom Hegg. They're with our stack of Christmas books, and are a re-re-read annually. It's difficult for me to believe that nobody has thought of this yet, but a couple of Google searches didn't bring up anything like what I've in mind (although you might be surprised at what it does bring up.) I'm thinking multi-colored pompoms glued together in the shape of a bear. How simple is that?
Elm provides the author with the option of making books returnable or non-returnable when they are stocked by retailers. Clearly Elm has a preference for authors making their books returnable, and that generally in the book trade is the preferred option.
Robust time series analysis of ITV news bulletins
I had no friends here so I went to them. I went to the city last week to see my friends, unfortunately, they weren’t available except for one. I had fun with him. He said that summer classes are hell. I said so too because they are so preoccupied they can’t bond with me anymore. It appears that the timing wasn’t good because I went there on a weekday. However, it was fun because I had my laptop charger repaired and I got to take some time alone from all the stress my mom can give me. But the trip was boring. I miss my friends. And they weren’t there when I was there but I guess it was okay, I am kinda understanding.
“At that time, some people who called themselves leaders of Muslims came out to say they had forgiven those who committed the offence.
Don’t begin a sentence with the word “it.”
Summer is quickly approaching and the one thing I love about summer is flaunting my stuff and not having to hide my outfit under a coat or dealing with the winter weather discouraging me from dressing up. What do you do when the weather is grey, you throw on a hoodie and tights! Well thats what I do at least. That is why I look forward to the summer!
We should focus on that particular issue. I mean, if you wanna make money just avoid playing death metal! We already have enough shitty MTV/Metal Hammerish "metal" bands, and this is a nightmare... I'd like to think that one only plays what he/she/it feels deep within, without wondering about what doors can this thing open up, but it seems like this ain't no easy topic.
Then came the fall. All the kids were sitting on a wall waiting to ride the train.The kiddos started climbing the fence. I told Reagan to be careful which he quickly responded "Me be careful Mama". So I continued talking to the parents some more. Oops. Reagan totally ate-it. Crash. Smack onto the concrete- head first. Holy hell. I was praying it wasn't the teeth. Just a big 'ol goose egg. The party workers were quick with the ice and he was fine. The parents all thought Nick and I were so calm. If they knew our kid more, they would realize this is pretty standard for him.
Time literally flew by. I couldn't believe when everything was over after two hours of beautiful music.
I used to ride my bike to City Island and go back and forth, up and down his street, hoping for a glimpse of him. I never got that glimpse while riding my bike but I did get to finally meet him when he gave a talk at my med school. Dr. Sacks is also the author of "Anthropologist on Mars" which features the story of Temple Grandin, a controversial figure in the world of animal rights activism.
He sketched directly onto canvas, noting the colours on a separate drawing, then painted the oil in his studio to his own design. One critic found the pleasure to be found in the picture ‘austere’, adding ‘It is a sort of higher mathematics of painting that Mr Nash pursues.’
Once largely limited to poor women and minorities, motherhood without marriage has settled deeply into middle America. The fastest growth in the last two decades has occurred among white women in their 20s who have some college education but no four-year degree, according to Child Trends, a Washington research group that analyzed government data.
By Aliker David martin
I couldn’t decide whether this sounded really good or just really odd, so I posted an inquiry to my Facebook page asking the question: “Pickled asparagus. Good? Gross?” The overwhelming judgement was “gross.” Or at least “why?” as in “why would do that to a perfectly good asparagus?” A few people commented on texture issues with asparagus–would they be mushy? Ellie The Brave was all about it though, so we forged ahead. I picked up asparagus at the farmer’s market and apple cider vinegar at the grocery store and we got started. This recipe uses quite a bit of garlic, which made the kitchen smell great. I managed to get over my fear of canning garlic, which seems to be strongly connected to botulism if not done properly.
Which brings us to The Tonight Show (speaking of retardation). There is a reason that Letterman was Carson’s anointed heir to the coveted seat when he retired in 1992…Letterman brought a flood of creativity to the table with him, along with a two decade track record in broadcasting, and a similar cornfed midwestern appeal (Carson was from Nebraska, Letterman from Indiana). Letterman was the only real choice. I continue to have no idea what Leno supposedly brings to the table. To me, he seems like the corporate choice. Like “Johnny Bravo” in that Brady Bunch episode, he’s just some guy who “fits the suit”. The conventional wisdom is that people either love or hate Letterman but everybody likes Leno. I say, “Yeah! Except for everybody who hates Leno!” Everybody I know hates Leno. I have watched The Tonight Show since he took it over perhaps twice and only for a couple of minutes.
Do this as often as you remember throughout the day.
Matisyahu will be playing with Sub Swara at Headliners Music Hall, July 21st @ 8PM. Tickets are $25 available through Headliners, ear-X-tacy and etix.com. 18+ with I.D.
I know people who are huge Stanley Kubrick fans. They've never met a Stanley Kubrick film they didn't like.
Lieutenants of His Majesty's fleet to wear a dress uniform of the same pattern as Captains and Commanders, but without any lace, and with one plain epaulette (similar to that now worn by Captains and Commanders) on the right shoulder; buttons of the same pattern as for Captains.
Well poor Sue is in the throes of a Peri-menopausal struggle; one where loud-ish noises, bright lights, late nights, and pretty much anything else generally considered innocuous can take on the characteristics of an emotional landslide. So with dear Sue’s mid-life proclivities firmly in mind I decided to take advantage of my brand new iPhone 4s’ amazing versatility.
with steel-trap
I hope you get chance to join us for this challenge.
Soon amidst pomp and pageantry he emerges. Naked as the day he was born he makes his appearance. He lifts his hands and does his blessing gesture. The crowd is silent. They obviously wonder why he has no clothes on. One little boy says to his daddy, “Look papa he has no clothes on!”
Tomorrow, I'm off again, on another roadtrip, to take MC to her dad's house, and her boyfriend to his home. It will be a brief trip because, quite frankly, I'm exhausted. I may not be as young as I used to be.
ER. Would you say you work with any consistent/particular themes in your own practice?
¼ cup honey
After that, I got the idea for From Dust and Ashes and the prodigal son story got put on the shelf. Every now again I'd take out that idea, and turned it over in my mind a few times, but I felt God's whisper, "Not yet."
My spoons in hand, I thanked the stranger for his help. He smiled and shook his hands as if saying "it's nothing" before walking away into the crowd. Or was he waving me goodbye? He reminded me of someone, but I couldn't think of whom. Later I reckoned he was one of the increasing number of Chinese immigrant who worked in Korea while sending money back home to their families. I so reckoned because it had become a new and popular trend then, given the economic and job market disparities. But I didn't have time to ask.
The decision turned on two issues:
Claude and Camille by Stephanie Cowell, the story of Claude Monet in his young struggling years which led to the birth of impressionism and his great love for his model and wife , the tragic Camille. The Boston Globe said, "an enthralling story, beautifully told" and Bookpage added, "A vivid portrait of Monet's remarkable career." www.stephaniecowell.com
It is certainly a very emotional movie because of the many conflicting thoughts and fears that Albert has, and it’s definitely heart-breaking to see these women being turned into men just to have an opportunity to either work or live life according to society’s standards. The piece certainly transcends its era, making bold statements that some will be able to relate to. My favorite scene in the film and I’m sure for everyone, will be when Albert and Hubert put on dresses and Albert starts running along the seaside. Her sense of liberty is so immense in those couple of moments it gives you a warm feeling inside, even if it was only for a moment.
It's described as the largest parole sweep in Los Angeles County history. More than six dozen suspected parole violators were arrested and drugs and weapons were seized in a massive law enforcement operation. About 300 high-profile parolees were targeted in Operation Disarm. Most had spent time in prison for gun crimes. It was also one of the largest parole sweeps in the entire state. The goal of Operation Disarm was to track down parole violators and to take illegal weapons off the streets.
Couponing is another favorite of mine! It can take a little time, but does save you a ton! I keep a notebook, with baseball card holders, for all of my coupons. I also subscribe to several emails or groups about saving money. They email me deals all the time! Groupon, and similar sites, are my absolute favs too!
This dosh generally ends after 18 years of age and can also be resolved by Puja or some rituals. This doesn't effects too much but still suggested that Shanti puja must be performed so that it may vanish for ever.
Java TM MIDP 2.0
D&P might find the verdict severe and unwarranted. They can argue this at the appeal!
All the furniture was washed down too, and then polished off with beeswax.
I sometimes think what if I actually end up with a guy who has a J name? Now, that would be freaky!
(Later on the writer crows about the fine views obtained from the hotel, including, from the north, the new Capitol building, the UT Main building, and “still another mile beyond that the immense structure used as one of the State Lunatic asylums.”)
The inside is simple again, I stamped him in Pacific Point ink and then added a sentiment, "Get Well Soon" from the AMAZING new All Occassion Sentiments set! LOVE this set...it's a must have for sure!
A girl turned woman because of you
To serve, remove torte from pan and place on serving plate.
“… But it is clear that — no matter how important it is in the evolution of a soul to have the developed spiritual heart — it alone is not enough for achievement of the evolutionary perfection. For as necessary also are the components of intellectual and ethical development.
“So why is she giving you money, Ma?”
Embarrassing Moment:
We sold 9 of 14 pieces just at the opening! Thanks to everyone who purchased our work! It means the world to us.
From another room emerged a girl of about nine or ten wearing a Miley Cyrus T-shirt and carrying an oversized purse. Madame Imelda deposited my ten dollars into the purse and the tyke left. Madame Imelda then got down to the business of forecasting the future.
I believe in Saturday morning championship soccer and I believe in watching it at a pub with good people. I also believe in betting the ponies with a couple degenerates showing me the ropes.
Her lips brushed up against his and she started kissing his neck . Her
But know what? That will not do. It means I accept that we are like a rubber dingy on the sea of life, a dingy without oars or paddles that is. And I know that is not true, is not me! Right at this moment I feel like I have found the paddles again. And even though I know there has been a time when I was not just using paddles, but had even crafted myself a strong sturdy out board motor and was going places, right now I am using paddles. And boy is it hard. Every single day I lose them, not just once but three or four times, and I take a deep breath and just try to cope with disappointing myself again.
to check out feminist texts if you haven't already.
So be encouraged today. You are standing on Holy Ground.
Victim grouping is a big business. Look how hard Jesse and Al try to keep fanning that flame. They must be running out of good fuel because they tend to jump on cases which aren't clear cut, before the facts are known, and many times it turns out they labeled the real criminal as the victim. In some cases, there may be no case at all, in reality. KKK uses the same tactic, but not many people sucker for it. I do not consider Jesse and Al any more legitimate, at this point in time, than the White supremacist groups.
Thus, my inspiration to paint "The Party". Painted from memory, this is what I saw and felt. Of course, there were people all about, but, I decided to keep the people in the covered structures for this painting. I painted this when it was fresh in my mind, starting with yellow paint to sketch out the shapes of the structures and then layering in light washes, building up the color.
be walking
* Use them only when they bring clarity to your content.
3. I'm Carrying
At least he has an excuse, though. He is just a groundhog.
lift onto the current of wind
So there you go, just a few cute, thoughtful ways to ask some of your closest ladies to be part of your big day!
Peter Kareiva: “Academic ecologists are renowned for arguing amongst themselves about all the things they do not know.”
So we knew they
I haven't yet sorted through the pictures, but will try and do so at the earliest and post a few as well. There were a couple of interesting food items I wanted to try, but Cornwall being the fish central, most of it had to do with fish and I am not that big a fish fan as you all might already know. Convincing Ro was too much of an effort so i let it pass. But seriously how interesting would the Stargazy Pie have been? I think a darn interesting one to at least photograph. Ro thought otherwise, and so we decided Cornish Pasty instead. So we went all the way down south to the tip of England to actually eat the best Cornish Pasty evah. Not overrated people, not overrated at all. I loved it. I am thinking of actually trying it out at home "some day."
- Students create math problems and narrate their thinking
Towards the end of my holiday I attended a San Francisco 49ers game at Candlestick Park. It was definitely one of the highlights of my visit.
Maybe you are the instrument who is left behind to perpetuate the life that was lost and appreciate the time you had with them to do it
Since this was another story that began life as a screenplay now we’re flashing back from the bleak winter of deserted, defeated, “what happened here?” suburban town (I love destroying suburbs!) into the last sweet summer of Western Civ, just six months before.
Herman doubles, even triples at times of vigorous rising.
and i'd had my eye on tolix chairs for months.
I will try again when I have more eggs.
It's not long before things get even worse, when the unthinkable befalls Riley, Beck, and the entire Guild. It's a tragedy that makes stresses like Riley's crush on fellow apprentice Simon and her strained friendship with civilian Peter and even the economic upheaval that is her hometown of Atlanta seem like small potatoes. With a whole new -- and scary and tragic -- look on life, Riley has a new mission: find the Grade Five Geo-Fiend who created this disaster and put an end to it all.
"Copy that."
So next time one decides on communicating a messages, take some time out to consider who is the audience and what language the audience would most appreciate to be communicated to.
Warm the remaining 1 cup of heavy cream and the whole milk in a medium saucepan. Meanwhile, in a medium heatproof bowl, whisk the egg yolks, sugar and salt together. Slowly pour the warm milk mixture into the bowl with the yolks, whisking constantly, until completely incorporated. Transfer the mixture back to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens and coats the back of a wooden spoon (it will register between 170 and 175 F on an instant read thermometer).
The finding could lead to a potential pill to ensure a full night’s sleep – without any unfortunate interruptions.
The plaque on the house reads, in part: “In this House in January 1850 was born Jennie Jerome.”
1/2 tsp anise
After a quick lunch, we had the great privilege of traveling to Old Town Alexandria to visit with some great friends of the FFA. Corey Rosenbusch, a past national FFA president and the current vice president of Global Cold Chain Alliance (GCCA), and his wife, Dr. Katie Rosenbusch, provided some outstanding cross-cultural training to the group. Both Corey and Katie have extensive experience in international business travel and answered our many questions. All of the staff at GCCA were extremely gracious, and we all learned much. We also were fortunate to visit with Mark Blanchard, president and CEO of New Orleans Cold Sorage and Warehousing, one of the oldest and largest cold storage companies in the United States (he is also a Louisiana native and a graduate of Louisiana State University. Geaux Tigers!)
(Above: Reason why I am NOT a poet.)
Sorry for the patriotic stuff, but I think our country has gotten a bad rap for the actions of a minority of greedy and ignorant people, who we had absolutely no control over (well, I guess the mid-term elections would say we do have control over them, but with a voting vote in the 40% range, it doesn't exactly speak well to democracy). I think that Obama, regardless of his action involvement in giving the go-ahead with this operation, has just secured his second term. I know it may be a little premature, and I don't want to jinx him in any way (I don't actually believe in jinx's, so it doesn't exactly matter), but I don't really see the Republican argument against a president who is working hard to drive the unemployment numbers down, the economy up, and just killed public enemy number one. The daze will wear off from Bin Laden's death, but short of a dramatic downward shift in the economy, or something unforseen (I guess that's always what has the effects, huh), I think we're looking at Obama/Clinton in 2012. Yes, I think Hillary Clinton will be Obama's running mate in 2012 - setting herself up for another run in 2016.
Another success for Besson, and might we see Pearce reinvent himself as an action hero? On the basis of his work here, he’d make a good one.
When I was looking on You-Tube I found this great Tutorial from Christina how to make a Zig Zag Card. She also shows you how to make a double Zig Zag Card. So check here out. ;)
No, glasses will not help her. Amelia's vision problems are neurological. Because there is nothing wrong with the structures of her eyes, there is nothing to correct with lenses. The only thing that may help is wearing reading glasses to help magnify things. Amelia's eyes see things fine, but as the signal travels along the optic nerve, her brain is not receiving the signals properly. We were told to continue to patch her for two hours a day and to call another eye surgeon who can advise us on eye surgery for strabismus (crossed eyes).
54. Rolling Stones band member Bill Wyman married a 19 year-old model Mandy Smith in 1988. At the same time Wyman’s son was engaged to Mandy Smith’s mother. If his son had married Smith’s mother, Wyman would have been the step grandfather to his own wife.
The hand made chocolates in the middle of the platter are my take on peanut butter cups -- all of them start with a dark chocolate base, followed by either peanut butter or cognac cranberry filling, then covered in milk chocolate. They melt in your hand so you have to eat them quickly :)
I’ve been following this blog for a few days now and the inspiration this little girl has given me is something to really be proud of.
This is quite unusual for a challenger candidate against an incumbent. More often than not, even vulnerable incumbents that end up losing by wide margins typically out-fundraise challengers significantly.
The other night while we were waiting for the beach fireworks to start, I finally sat down and the free-form chatter started.
What will happen? You don't know...and until I finish the first draft that I'm starting, I don't know.
There are a TON of different cloth wipe solutions on the web. Just do a google search and you’ll find plenty. At our house, we like to keep it simple. I put plain tap water with just a small squirt of baby bath wash in a peri-bottle and gently shake to mix. I wet each wipe as I need it by squirting some of the water on top of my wipes (I prefer not to spritz the water directly on baby’s bottom as I have a boy who I’m sure would reward me by peeing in my face :-p). I also don’t like to just pour my solution into my wipe tub because if it sits too long they can start to smell musky. Choose whatever method works best for your house – that’s the beauty in creating your own wipes!
So, yes, we've been stripping floors, walls, scrubbing, painting, you name it, this place got it and is continuing to get it. I hope I can finish everything by Sunday but if not, there's always Monday! Coriander Dad has been working overtime to help make this place a little gem. My husband('good enough to spread on a cracker' guy) has also been bustin' it to get everything ready and me, well, let's just say that on Sunday I plan to drink a lot. That's not true, I can't drink too much as it puts me to sleep! What fun is that?!! Anyway, I'm going to celebrate my pants off, I'll keep them on but you know what I mean, wow, this is a crazy blog, I'm tired and slightly delirious! So, look at a few pics of the work we've been doing and when you come on Sunday you can see the finished space. Don't judge me if you see an unfinished something, like the entire back room! I need a giant curtain!
The 24-hour waiting period is. . .actually, I can sort of get behind that. Someone comes in, you offer (but don't force) the information on them, offer them counseling, and they can make an appointment to come in the next day. That could work, I guess. So we'll keep the 24-hour waiting period, but I think the rest is crap.
The reader should know what your post is all about right away and the best way to do this is through the title. When I title an entry, I choose between one of two things: epic or specific.
For the bottom part of the tower I wrapped, half of it in a gray fondant since this is where the stones would go, and I didn't want the white to peak through. To make the stones, I simply made two shades of gray fondant, rolled them into imperfect ball or varying sizes and squooshed each one flat. To attach I used a dab of corn syrup.
THE FARMER: with smaller hook
The secret of this calculation and the auratic horror of the act sets narrative in motion, in the mind and on the page.
1 carrot, diced
To view the latest specials and see the newest brochures you can always visit my website. But, at Katherines Corner you get much more than wonderful Avon news. You'll find recipes,craft projects stories and more.
and two slices of Swiss cheese on Wheat bread - don't add any
Back in 2007, Dragonstar and I went to our first Live & Learn Unschooling Conference, run by the indomitable Kelly Lovejoy.
To be the one that gives in
The children of Beech Haven didn’t need toys. We had dams to build and trees to climb. I scaled the towering magnolia tree next to the goldfish pond at least once a week—all the way to the top.
2 Developed a Major project “job Portal” Using Servlet and jsp
…Leben is the Sauron of dairy products.
Mr. Think turned to his assistants. "Take him"
States
So now its your turn to get out your glitter and glue and join in ! :-)
“A journalist’s credibility, once lost, is gone forever,” a professor recently taught. So too is gone forever the reputation of one whose character has been assassinated by the press. The professor added, “A journalist is in the business of truth-telling.”
I just have to keep watching... watching... watch-
It’s chucking-out time for this MP
Kiuchi Brewery Hitachino Nest White Ale
No one has seen any unusual visitors, alien or otherwise, but the bus-driver notices the number of people in the diner exceeds his passenger count by one... did an alien in human disguise slip in with the group? And if so, which one is it?
The Thunderer by Dion
How They Croaked definitely goes on my list of “Books I Wish I Wrote.”
The business side is forging ahead, Hussian and I have a clear direction and a few ideas in the bag.
I look forward to avoiding opening, middlegame, and endgame study for years to come.
4 celebration
Hi, folks.
What really struck me though about this project is Paul’s intense devotion to the creation of these perfect print artifacts, so carefully brought to life. (The images here really don’t do their tactility justice, all embossed and inked and subtly textured.) In my own creative devotion to the transient interpersonal moment (online and off) and all it can engender I fear I sometimes neglect the power of the simple statement in stone or ink. This work has rooted me again in the intensity of the artifact, even as Paul’s work with the hand-cranked printing press rejects the effects and impetus of mass-produced textuality. These conversations – ours, theirs, yours and mine – have been fruitful. Long may the resonate…
1st Round with 48 candidates, Vienna Classical music.
You know, I will be the first to admit that I don’t get check-ups regularly. I don’t see the doctor as often as I should. And I personally hate the smell of probable death around me. However, in my few years of living in this peculiar world I have never encountered the — “Cold Doctor” until today. The “Cold Doctor” is usually a medical person who is so engulfed in their work, that they act like robots and don’t treat you like a person.
Let’s get this out of the way first – Reproductive Rights:
What have I learned from this? Hopefully I've learned to not jump the gun and let my emotions run away with me. I forgot that experts often comment in areas where they are amateurs - and I am not an expert in law. So the next time I comment on a law, I'll do my best to get expert advice.
2-3- ‘The Wagon Finger’ by Seamus O’Rourke (Corn Mill Theatre)
“Florida Sustainables (formerly Sestar Sustainables), which has invented a plastic capable of biodegrading in 5-10 years, compared to 1000 years for other plastics.”
we know it's time.
To-Do tonight and on my day off
Google Plus time: Next to nothing.
We are nothings, we are nobodies; yet this glorious Everybody, this All in All, did actually set His love upon us! -Charles Spurgeon via TrueWoman’s Twitter
The long time frame for changing the sodium and calorie "footprints" is because new recipes have to be developed, according to Darden's McAdam.
10.STOP Criticizing yourself!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (yeah, I know....THIS is a hard one)....but, take it from me...WE are our own worst enemies when it comes to sabotaging our selves, but....that's where we seem to be professionals!!!
A native of London and the son of an Irish Catholic father he was destined by his parents for the priesthood. While at Ushaw College he decided on a career change and became apprenticed to William Ingham, a Newcastle surgeon. he practiced at various addresses in Newcastle, and, but for hisoutspoken and radical views, would probably have reached a high office in his profession.
My locker was in Hall F...3 halls down. I had a coat in my locker.
Alisha's Attic: Sex is on Everyone's Tongue
The flowers and the ribbon bow on the second card is dark purple but as you all knew sometime purple color looks blue in the photo. This is a very quick and simple card but because of the details on the die cut, it looked like I spent lots of time making this card.
Week 8 – Week of 04/14/2012
But did Bob and Bishop Rhoades have a mere “personal difference . . . about the Catholic approach to the Jews and Jewish beliefs”, thus rendering my statement above a “cheap shot”? Far from it, as we’ll see below.
Brasserie de Rochefort (Abbaye de Notre-Dame de Saint-Rémy) Trappistes Rochefort 6
6 carriage
and you may squander those rights
In case there are any readers living in the farthest edge of the city who haven't ever taken the L, I'm here to give you a tutorial.
And on the morrow, when they were come from Bethany, he was hungry: And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came, if haply he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet. And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.
Without a thought of sleeping.
Coral Reef is a gorgeous coral holographic polish. It made its appearance back in the 2003 Summer for Shore collection. I currently have Blue Moon Lagoon, Crim-Sun and Coral Reef from that awesome collection of holo's. Mmmmm....holo goodness!
Today makes one year that Veggies Natural Juice Bar has been open for business. So far so Good!...We would like to sincerely thank everyone who has supported us in any way over this past year. We couldn't have done this without you all! Your endless encouragement and great wishes for us to stay afloat has enabled us to be striving as a family business. Thanks everyone for keeping Veggies alive.
Significant Twitter chatter spurred me to find out a little about We The Animals. After a little follow-up, this debut novel about a working-class, mixed race family not only sounds compelling from the synopsis, but glowing blurbs from Marilynne Robinson, Paul Harding, Dorothy Allison, Michael Cunningham and others raised my eyebrow. There are a few authors who can get me to read a book by blurbing it and Marilynne Robinson is one of them. The last book I read on the strength of blurb from her was Paul Harding's Tinker, which went on the win the Pulitzer Prize.
I am super excited to be brewing my very first homebrew batch this weekend with my friend Amy. We are going to brew a coffee stout (huh, imagine that!) on Sunday. Any homebrewers out there have any general tips, suggestions, or hints for making a first brew successful? Amy has brewed before but I know just enough to be dangerous, so it should be a rockin' good time!
High light:
Buckwheat
“This is a tremendous opportunity for me in joining Danny’s staff. It’s not too common to have a staff that is very familiar in the sense of having known each other for nearly 20 years and then having the basketball background too. For me, it’s a great opportunity to work and grow with people that you know and trust,” said Moore.
User’s Score: 7.0
Here’s the phrase Dempsey uttered: “The military instrument should never be wielded alone.” Before that, answering a question from veteran newsman Marvin Kalb, now with the Brookings Institution, Dempsey offered this as his first, inchoate stab at a doctrine: “I would say where we’re headed is a global networked approach to war.”
Piggy is working at Vogue and wants no part of the reunion because she’s bitter at how things worked out with Kermit, and just wants her ex to admit that he misses her and he needs her, but he can’t do it. They head back empty-handed to the States and hire Miss Poogy from the Moopets to fill in.
Mr Luksan sued the producer, alleging breach of contract and claiming that the defendant had exercised the exploitation rights specifically excluded from the agreement. Mr van der Let maintained in response that, according to Paragraph 38 of the UrhG, all exploitation rights vested in him as the producer of the film and that the contract's provisions on the issue were void. He also claimed to be entitled to the entire amount of remuneration rights, arguing that they necessarily share the fate of exploitation rights and that the statutory provision acknowledged the possibility of contrary stipulations.
RENO, Nev. (AP) — A loud explosion heard across much of Nevada and California on Sunday morning rattled homes and prompted a flood of calls to law enforcement agencies on both sides of the Sierra Nevada, some reporting fireball sightings.
I had the pleasure of going to San Francisco this past weekend to visit friends. It is such an incredible city! I would live there in a heartbeat if I had megabucks and felt comfortable ditching my car permanently.
Over here discrimination is subtle. If you go to a “high academics” secondary school it’s pretty un-cool to be against gays, especially as a girl, though guys still seem to think that in order to show how tough they are they need to call each other, “Gay Anal Rapists,” and of course, “Fags.” My aunt is a lesbian, substitute teacher at a school that’s among the “lower academics” secondary schools and she says that she’s careful to always have something feminine on, because her short hair has the students guessing whether or not she might be gay. Their finding out that she might be a raging homosexual seems to terrify her.
I’m hoping to scare some work up for next week, so this damn thing had better heal up.
Overall = 3.6
The theatre show - Mr Stink, by David Walliams - came with a scratch and sniff booklet. The action centered around a really smelly tramp, so nearly every scent inside was utterly hideous. The children waved them in delight.
We went in last night just to get a few cheap drinks in, then gave up after one round because we weren’t getting any service.
I've been out of the loop for several months. I need to say that the NASCAR event was terrific and to let you all know that Turn One Racing provided me with some wonderful access to the pit lane at Phoenix International Raceway. Kudos also to Old World Brewing - without them I'd have been stuck in the stands.
And do not look outside yourself for the leader.
we wander down the hall to the bathroom, I can
7. Harbor:
On its back a crude but sturdy hanger fashioned from two nails and a bread-tie.
One piece of advice I'm slowly taking to heart is to say "yes" more often. Meaning that when I think of an idea and the good possibilities it might lead to, I shouldn't immediately start enacting the Script of Self-Doubt ("but wait"/"I can't"/"because, well..."/"it's too much"/"I couldn't really"/"I've never"/"what if...?"). Yes. Yes. Yes!
Now I warm the milk alternative in a saucepan while whisking in the raw cacao and sweetener while the espresso brews. Makes for a tasty cup of souped up joe and one happy Debi.
4 egg yolks
And when he thought upon that fox,
We paid $50 for the kitten. He was on loan from the Dearborne County Animal Shelter, a “kill” shelter. Mike likes to remind the kitten that if I had my way, and we walked away kitten-less again, he would be dead. I’m such a villain.
That's filled with super awesome frogs.
Maddox released a sigh, and Kade smiled. “Good.”
I devised a plan to conquer my fear of hills. The road I chose was a long straight downhill which leveled out at the bottom where there was a swampy area on either side. There were no intersecting roads, traffic was practically nonexistent and the pavement was dry. In other words, perfect conditions for what I wanted to do.
Studio Album, released in 2011
Those were the days!
With BMI, you don’t need to be a math genius to quickly assess weight and obesity. You only need to calculate height and weight. This makes it an inexpensive and easy tool for clinicians and the general public. Use the following chart to find your BMI:
When I started this blog there were two sites (that I found) which contained listings of links to other stitching blogs. However neither site has beeen updated in a very long time and many of the links were broken. So I've started making a directory. You can see that blog here: Directory Of Stitching Blogs. I will start out by putting all the blogs that are listed in my reader into the directory. I hope to continue adding to the directory as people submit their blogs, submit a friend's blog, or I come across new blogs. If I am listed as a follower on your blog, you are already in my reader and will be added to the directory. Please feel free to submit a blog by emailing me.
A couple months ago, when I was going back through the entire blog replacing images that had disappeared, I realized that I had never posted these first three Battlestar Galactica ads, published in TV Guide in 1978 to support the premiere ("Saga Of A Star World") and subsequent two-part follow-up ("Lost Planet Of The Gods"). One of my first posts on this blog did showcase Frank Frazetta's original paintings for this ad campaign, but I never got around to scanning and posting the actual advertisements that I clipped and saved back when I was 15.
Okay, not really. But she likes to daydream she’s all of those things and more. So when she wakes up with a medieval knight aiming his sword at her throat, Jessica thinks it’s just another daydream. Until she realizes that, 1- dude is actually causing her neck to bleed, 2- her dress is so hideous she never would have daydreamed herself into it, and 3- Zac Efron is nowhere in sight.
Vendor Credits:
R.E.M., Modest Mouse, Spoon, Death Cab for Cutie, Jarvis Cocker, The Flaming Lips, The Decemberists, Public Enemy, Rage Against the Machine, and Fleet Foxes are just a few of the artists whose handmade signs featured in Under the Radar’s Protest Issue will be auctioned off beginning September 30th to benefit War Child International.
The echoes of "Gunsmith Cats" and Bean Bandit aside, this is also just a fun ride of a movie. Frank Martin is a cool action hero in the mold of an Old West cowboy or an 1980s/1990s Sylvester Stallone or Arnold Schwarzenegger character. Unlike the characters portrayed by them, however, Frank is a man of style and refinement--his car is always spotless and his black suits and ties are always crisply pressed. Even after an extended fight, Frank looks sharp.
In the process, we found an inscription on the bottom of a drawer by "Heath and Mildred, 1924". Kinda of fun! So we added our own names too:)
Kevin’s five little books of Business Bullshit are available from Amazon for a matter of pennies as Kindle downloads. Give yourself a treat and download all five for a measly £4.45. They are funny and deadly in equal measure.
Remove the skin from the chicken and discard. I know you are asking why or maybe, why now? After cooking, the skin is flabby and won’t really contribute good flavor — just fat. And, the reason I didn’t remove it to begin with is that during the cooking process it helps the meat stay tender.
She was, “one of the most potent factors in the growth of interracial goodwill in America.” The New York Times
Beer told me.
Pav Bhaji Masala as per taste
But the mortgage worked the hardest and the steadiest of us all
Let me preface this post by stating that I do NOT condone messing around with someone else’s partner, cheating, or any other type of related behavior that most people would consider inappropriate. I have the utmost respect for a couple’s relationship whether they are married, engaged, seriously dating, shacking up, out on a date, or what have you.
Tonite's movie: Harvey Keitel in Blindside. Watched a bit last nite. Looks-wise it's similar to films by Abel Ferrara, lots of splashes of lurid color with contrasting shadows. Cinematic-wise, it could be one of the worst movies ever but that never stops me if i like the way a movie looks.
I absolutely cannot wait to take more classes at the CSCA; Victoria and I are hoping to take every class that Chef Delphin has to offer! If any of you are in the Boston area, I'd highly recommend the school; their recreational programs are awesome, and range from pastry technique to wine tasting classes to cooking classes for couples. Boston peeps - go get your learn on!
The legend of the Allerheiligen glass is an invention by me, but it was based on the story of the Steinfeld glass and the question “what if there was another set of stained glass windows, as old, rare and gorgeous as the Steinfeld glass, still waiting to be found?” This question was the starting-point for The Glass Demon.
Gestational Age at Birth: 23 weeks, 5 days
But first, let's pick up where we left off with Fork in the Road, a series of posts in which I recount the places we've been, recreate the most memorable meals we've enjoyed, and rehabilitate the ones we'd otherwise rather forget. Before our big move to the Far East, Mr. Noodle and I embarked on a tour of the Great American West, where we indulged in local fare, such as Navajo frybread in Flagstaff, Arizona. When twinges of homesickness struck, we found the cure by heading into the sunset, toward the Pacific Ocean and the comforts of a family home...
I did buy the spoons to make these earrings. Not exactly absinthe spoons, but one can forget about that small detail... They are actually quite long, I hope I don't hurt myself while wearing them!
This week has been all about the choreography and music so I’ve really been able to sit back and watch not only my super brilliant brother-sister Amyotte Team at work, but this wonderful cast bond and work their collective ASSES off.
About Alex: "To state things plainly is the function of journalism; Alex writes fugitive reviews, allusive, symbolic, full of imagery and allegory, and by leaving things out, he allows the reader the privilege of creating along with him." Alex can be found hidden deep within the dark confines of his home theatre watching films, organizing his blu-ray and dvd collection and updating his blogs. Please visit the Korova Theatre and Hammer & Thongs to see what’s on his mind.
“Because that’s not how I do it”. Erm, right.
4. Articles of more than 3 paragraphs.
Here you see them laying quietly, peacefully, comfortably in the now-cooled water.
Already One
clutching a sirloin from him
in muddy discord
Some time ago I had added a little pin holder (seen above) to my pincushion collection. And recently, I started making my usual list of items to have ready for the Lavender Festival coming up later in June. I'll tie those two statements together in a minute...
Dry fry chillies seperately.
the man you married? Touch me,
"Excuse me, Captain." he warns me, "I have had warning that the Borg Queen has arrived and will be making her entrance shortly."
The Jesuits seem to have a code that guides their every action. That code is: "Call your enemy what you are and always tell the exact opposite of the truth." This makes it very difficult to counter their lies and explain clearly and understandably what they are actually doing.
Thrifted vintage oxford flats and bag
When the food arrived, we were rather stumped for a moment. It was all on one platter, with a side of a flatbread called Injera, and we had no individual plates or flatware. But we had caught a glimpse of the folks at a neighboring table scooping the food out of the platter with the Injera, so we gave it a shot.
The other day, I had the chance to help her make the paper and cranes, so I decided to share with everyone the process of making 1000 cranes!
My nails aren't manicured. My clothes are a mess. My roots are showing. I have twenty pounds of laundry on my bed waiting to be folded.
FB: OK! Sweater! Yes, it's a sweater. Jeez!
I ran the western part of the reserve and took it very easy as I am still coughing from the chest cold I had although I feel 100% in every other way. I took more time and photos along the way and decided it was a good time to show you all my favorite trails a bit better. I went up with the Sunbird Trail.
Macy has taken over her studious boyfriend’s summer job at the library information desk and her co-workers do not make cardigans feel welcoming. “By now, I’d been at the library for three days, and things were not improving. I knew that I was doing this for Jason, that it was important to him, but Bethany and Amanda seemed to be pooling their considerable IQs in a single-minded effort to completely demoralize me.”
All of the beautiful stamp sets are available in a choice of either wood mount or unmounted rubber. The gorgeous papers come in a pack of 12 sheets - 2 sheets each of 6 double-sided designs. Plenty for all your cardmaking and scrapbooking needs!
Here are some top B vitamins:
Then I come in right at the point where they're all getting stuck and aren't sure what to do :) We talk about the elements of story - what things you need to make a story work - character, setting, problem/goal etc. - and what you can do to get your story going again if it has stalled out.
But I'm glad to say that I really enjoyed it and was extremely curious as to how the story would unfold.
The Right Ons are soul infused garage rock from Madrid, Spain. I don't think I've ever recommended a band from Spain, even one who sings in English. In honor of this momentous occasion, I'll call this post Spanish Sunday. This band is a serious throw back to the hard chargin' soul and funk of the 70's mixed with the energy of the Stones and Springsteen. It's the dirty, sweaty music played the way our rock n' roll founders meant it to be.
Supporters of the Buffett Rule and the class warfare rhetoric of the left and the Occupy movement are ignorant of these facts—or in denial of them. With all this evidence on the table, it is impossible to deny that the logic, economics, and sociopolitical truths behind a limited federal government. This ought to be a strategy that everyone can support, “1 percenters” and “99 percenters” alike.
Folks, that's it
Digi Stamp - Games over
I am really, really crazy about this cover. Do you think it might be kind of shiny in real life? I think it might be kind of shiny in real life.
In the Great Tradition the avatar, Guru and Jivamukti appeared in a culture where Yoga was understood. It was mother’s milk of culture, a given and there was always the acharya in cooperation with the avatar, that could guide each person in there appropriate Yoga, their appropriate response to Grace or Life itself without seeking. Except Yoga has almost disappeared and something else exaggerated is being taught. Those who are spiritually sensitive, when they see modern day yoga reject it as being irrelevant, which it is. Real Yoga for real people must be given now as the fundamental and practical means of a spiritual life or any kind of life that wants to feel all that there is to feel.
I am going to be sick.
Adam Rayner – Roger Curbishley
747 ***D-V/10/1977. “The Wandering Jew in James Joyce’s Ulysses.” K.A.M.-Isaiah Israel Congregation, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 234-48, 462-73 (1983).)
Things I do: First of all, for anyone who doesn't like chillies, even though the roasting and skinning really mellows the chilli - just leave it out, the slight hint of chilli heat won't be there but the soup will be just as good. I couldn't find thyme (yet again) at the supermarket so I just added a little pinch of dried when everything was popped into the pan to be simmered.
Details on Hair Makeup and accessories will come soon …
Next Issue: Geoffrey Lewis, Linda Hunt, Indians, sickness and NUNS WITH GUNS!!!
For there is no law that says killing an entire ecosystem is illegal.
There are a number of references to things (e.g. plants) explained on the White Haired Man website. I’d prefer to have these collated into a PDF file for easy download, and to be fair I understand the authors are working on this.
If you could choose one manufacturer to receive a free years supply of product from, who would you choose?
Yes, my amazing mother has nominated herself as cake-maker extroadinaire for the wedding. This is no mean feat- prior to getting engaged I had a VERY clear idea of what I wanted when it came to the baked goods.
Avenue of escape
This post is divided in three different parts. First part contains the recipe. This is a food blog after all.
We are all creatures of habit. We like to sit in the same seat at church on Sundays, go to the same check out at the grocery store, and the same Starbucks, so why not see each of those places as opportunities to love people to Jesus? Jesus calls us to go out into all the world, so how are you treating the world that is directly around you? Do they see Jesus in you or just someone holding a cell phone?
I actually had a hunch how to stop the incinerators, didn't know what to do to reduce waste though!
Photos can’t really describe all the beauty (I may also be a not such a good photographer).
109. Lay predebut and @SWC
As we stated in our review of Din Tai Fung, good signs when you go to an Asian restaurant are an overwhelming number of Asians happily eating their meals and menus with pictures and descriptions in a language comprised of characters containing multiple lines jetting off in every direction. Korean Tofu House had both. Awesome. What maybe wasn’t quite as awesome was the wait time in being served. Yes, they had a good number of diners in the restaurant but it wasn’t slammed, the waitstaff didn’t seem to be in any sort of rush taking orders and our painfully long wait time was a little off-putting, but at least the conversation was nice. So, if you’re looking for a quick lunch, walk one more block up to The Ave and take your pick of pit-stops to quickly fill your belly.
This one is my favorite - a disco version WITH LYRICS. You read that right. You didn't know the Charlie's Angels Theme had lyrics did you? But unlike the M*A*S*H* theme which has depressing wrist slitting lyrics ("Suicide Is Painless"), this is guaranteed to bring a smile to your face.
Fragile human beings. Overloaded and under energized. Sometimes life beats us up. Badly. But the faithful keep going in the face of darkness, through the gloom. Belief in change and eventual relief sustain until a finger points to God restoring balance and deep breath. "Create in me a clean heart, O God, and renew a right spirit within me."
Anyway, my oldest Ju Ju was playing with my phone the other day and called my name. "Mommy!" - I looked and there she was taking pictures of me. She took about 5 of them and one came out pretty good. So, I declared Ju Ju as my new photographer!!!! And she loves it. Maybe she can take my pictures of dress up. LOL.
You should have seen the reaction. My revelation was shocking. Gasps. Open mouths. From people who are openly going to vote for the extreme right. Because in France there is tolerance of Le Pen. There is tolerance of the extreme left too. But no-one, and I mean NO-ONE, ever admits to voting for Sarkozy. You know, the guy who won the last presidential elections. France's current president. The one who won the most votes.
I’m not sure I’d have enjoyed it if it had to be honest. What it was was a fascinating and detailed account of everyday medieval England – not the big events or the great men and women, the everyday stuff – what people ate, what they wore or owned, how different sections of society interacted with each other. Basically all the background stuff that everybody thinks they know about the middle ages (it was dirty and grim) turned around and put into a more human context. As Mortimer points out, how would a medieval peasant woman who works hard to keep herself and her house as pristine as possible react to such an accusation? People should be judged and understood by the time they’re in, not by modern sensibilities.
“He came out of left field. I don’t think many people expected this,” he said.
"I knew that already," said the bunny.
It was perhaps inevitable that I would start emailing breeders. and perhaps more inevitable that one would mail me back with a dizzying array of baby pekins needing new homes, from just about every point in the colour spectrum. The fact that this breeder is 50 miles away is a slight problem.
To make
Dear World, I am leaving because I am bored. I feel I have lived long enough. I am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool. Good luck.
1. Olivier Collignona,b,1,2. Gilles Vandewallec,3. Patrice Vossa,4. Geneviève Albouyc,5. Geneviève Charbonneaua,6. Maryse Lassondea,b, and7. Franco Leporea.
Some time's I wonder... and watch someday I will say it....
into natural food, natural medicine, whole-grain seaweed sandwiches and eggs
On this day in 1899, the Imperial Patent Office in Berlin registers Aspirin, the brand name for acetylsalicylic acid, on behalf of the German pharmaceutical company Friedrich Bayer & Co.
-no guarantee of extra kits, no access to gallery and no pick up zone available
My dears, when I tell you this is going to be the mother of all teacher jackpots, I am not kidding. There are over 130 bloggers participating in an *amazing* blog hop event. We've each agreed to give away (for one day only) a Teachers Pay Teachers item from our store that is normally valued between $3-$8. The total jackpot is valued around $500!!
I have been trying to think of something to post here texts-wise that could be read out or contemplated on this day. The surviving texts from the ancient world on Hadrian are not always flattering, and are rarely written in a way that was specifically intended to praise him. A great many inscriptions and other documents written by Hadrian have survived, but it doesn’t really seem fitting to post those either–as interesting as Hadrian’s Oil Law, or an advice letter to an imperial procurator on how to deal with overzealous tax collectors in Asia Minor, happen to be, they’re not exactly his “greatest hits,” as it were. He wrote a few poems, but the ones that have been preserved with certainty are also not things that seem adequate to the task for today.
Score: Carrie-Ann=7, Len=7, Bruno=7 for a total of 21 and a grand total of 63
Local officials across California are bracing to manage more parolees and nonviolent felons under a new law effective Saturday keeping non-violent prisoners in county jails. The Los Angeles Times quotes Los Angeles County supervisors as saying the change could lead to a surge in crime and lawsuits. “It is actually a reckless and pathetic shirking of the state’s responsibility to its citizens,” said Supervisor Michael Antonovich.
_____I wish they put a LIKE button on the "People You May Know" notification I don't know you, I probably don't want to know you, but I like that FB thinks we should be friends (funny i wish quote)
Royce defined right and wrong by the moment. Right was what was best for him--wrong was everything else. He stole, lied, and even killed when necessary. This was his craft and he was good at it. Location 351
First off, we don’t even have evidence that all the real dinosaurs died out. Actually, there have been many sightings of very strange animals and creatures.
Tools and Materials:
so enchanted and divine
3. In a pan add little bit of oil and butter . Then add cumin seeds and wait till they splutter. add onions and stir till it turns transparent. Now add ginger and garlic and stir for another 2-3 mins.
I have to be honest.....I wish I had had more time this week to do a super fabulous project with the set I chose..but sometimes life throws you a few curve balls that snatch your creative time away from you and that happened to me this week....however.......
take and what not.
After all, it turns out there was a silver lining for Tommy Davis. “Trading him for (Tommie) Agee and (Al) Weis the next year was the best thing he ever contributed.” So I guess at one point, the Mets got value for a guy who was presumed to be dead-on-arrival. Tommie Agee is a Mets legend; Weis hit .455 in the 1969 World Series for the Mets. I’d say that deal worked out for them, huh?
On May 5th, talento/singer Nakagawa Shoko held her birthday live, ‘10gen Toppa! SHOKO NAKAGAWA LV UP LIVE Cho☆Yaonsai‘, at Hibiya Outdoors Music Hall.
Now this got me thinking and searching through my stash, I know that I had a couple of Charms some where!!! Well, I did eventually find them (in a box with brads & eyelets - just don't ask why as I don't know!).
- I say: I never watched this prior to moving to America. Now your American tv has desensitised me to the brutality of the violence. That and I now like seeing someone being bashed around, whilst admiring the technique used in the floor encounters.
I know I’m really just perpetuating the problems with stereotyping in our culture, but for some reason, I find racist jokes pretty hilarious… I mean, as long as they don’t cross a line, of course. In my world, a little bit of harmless racism can be quite hilarious. For instance, I heard this joke when I was probably in 4th grade or so:
Ems: "The waters here are specially employed for chronic catarrh of the air passages, specially in gouty persons. A spring - Bubenquelle - used for bathing purposes, and particularly in the form of an ascending douche, used to be famous for disorders of the womb"
Preheat oven @ 350 degrees F
I've greeted the hooded stranger at the door and
But I just want to leave a committed life behind. (Amen)
Peregrine Falcon (Falco peregrinus), Shikra (Accipiter badius) Lizzard Buzzard (Kaupifalco monogrammicus), Black Kite (Milvus migrans), Yellow Billed Black Kite (M. m. migrans), African Goshawk (Accipiter tachiro), Palm Nut Vulture (Gypohierax angolensis), Hooded Vulture (Necrosyrtes monachus)
The circle letter is useful for keeping community with scattered friends and colleagues. We use this for our eight sibling family, to keep the common conversation intact. Here's how:
1/3 cup dill or hamburger pickle rounds
I hate being congratulated about something as stupid as weight loss. I've always paid attention to what I wear (I posit those 6 months in the green bathrobe as a profound comment on the power of fashion), my hair (the cutting it myself and having the Viking do the back also commentary on the pressures of society on women), my face (I actually managed to dye my own lashes and eyebrows without blinding myself, also as a statement on the beauty industry), my accessories (there's no commentary in shiny things, they're just shiny and thus must be owned), and my appearance in general.
I can't wait a moment more
This is long but do not stop reading! The best part of this story from CBS is the comment section. I am posting one entire comment from a reader named Random Reader because I doubt it will be available for too long.
mind to write a book.
1. Gee Your Hair Smells Terrific- Yep, that was the name of the shampoo. The commercial is what really sold us on this shampoo. Get a nice looking guy to smell your hair and say, “Gee, your hair smells terrific!” Off to the store we would go.
Find your voice.
Former International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei, who had previously announced his intentions to run for the presidency of Egypt, said Monday that “if Israel attacked Gaza we would declare war against the Zionist regime."
With all that was me, and him
On last night’s Project Runway, the final three designers learned that their last challenge would be to put five looks together in four days. I was extremely confused by this – at this point in the competition, the designers are typically sent home, getting several months to work on their collections before showing at New York Fashion Week. But with this turn of events, it doesn’t look like the designers will get to show at Fashion Week – nor will they have the time and the budget to create truly “wow” looks. I suppose a lackluster final challenge is roughly on par with this lackluster season, but I was seriously bummed by this turn of events.
21. Go to an arcade
I finally went for my last sleep study and was hooked up to a CPAP machine in order that they can get the right prescription for the CPAP machine.
superstitious, they never ate anyone that was less than whole. So after
on a pack of twelve notecards too!
When I dig up $24 I will be upgrading my flickr, so I can upload more photos. I have lots.
Dec 31: Describe the first time you remember saying I love you to someone outside your family.
Slice pie into small wedges and top with cream. Contemplate life.
Colors : Full Color ( 4 Color Process), Black and White
Comment on your experiences networking.
But, when we compared the performance of this to other tablets at this price point, the discrepancies are somewhat forgivable.
Need more convincing? Don’t just take my word for it! I’m not the only one to post a glowing review of a Dragon Chow Dice Bag. It’s a great product and would be a fine addition to your gaming arsenal.
5928 miles away but yet with the wonderful joys of Facebook it feels that my boyfriend is only three miles away at home and not actually in Thailand. Most of the time we just take the use of the Internet for granted, but then who do we contact? People that are probably all within a five mile radius if our own houses. Until today I don’t think I have appreciated it fully, it literally makes someone so far away feel so close with a few finger movements on a keyboard (or touch screen in my case) and most of the time for free.
Answer: I think minimalism can only increase the happiness in one’s life. This doesn’t mean you can’t be happy with applying minimalistic principles in your life, but it does mean that applying these principles in your life can help you have even a deeper appreciation for the things you have.
Other supplies used: Spellinder stars die, stickes, walnut distress ink, heart crystal hanging from the moon and a button and brad from my stash, and I used copics to color my images: E21, E00, E000, R20, E55, E53, E51, Y000, B91, B000, B0000.
And as an example of the difference thread size can make, here are the two birds together:
But it's your darkness that outglows all that boring light
But where's the harm, really? I hear so many people saying what a load of crap it is, and how they don't believe in NY resolutions. I've heard many-a-frenchie tell me how ridiculous it seems to them. In their opinions, important decisions should be made because it's the right time, not because it's the beginning of a new year.
I had a stash of vitamins* (yes, I know, leave me alone) that should have lasted me quite a long time. And then new vitamin*-friend called me one night last week and asked could she please *borrow* a few because she had run out and her supplier wasn't due to refill her stash until the
Campaigning: For each full adventure which a character survives, the probabilities of a given attack causing a shortage of ammo / charge and a jam / failure increase by one degree, e.g. from a double 5 or 6 to a double 4, 5 or 6. At the discretion of the GM, the increase for the jam / failure may be avoided through maintenance, represented by a successful Repairing action of average difficulty per item taken between adventures.
“Some 24.4 percent of people who were hospitalized in Fukushima with psychiatric disorders in the wake of the outbreak of the crisis at the crippled Fukushima No. 1 Nuclear Power Plant had done so possibly because of fears of radiation exposure, according to the results of research conducted by psychiatrists at Fukushima Medical University,”
So I couldn't figure out how to post all these pictures without wanting to rip my hair out, so I took a screen shot instead.
When I had children of my own, I tried to get them to eat healthier cereals, like Frosted Flakes. Tony the Tiger says they are, “GREAT!” I guess that means healthy, right?
On a more positive note, I had ramen twice this past week.
the perfect and yet ironic title for the hairless woman
I have an assignment due on 3rd Jan and again on 22nd Jan, so I'm hoping to knock those off while I'm on leave. I'm hoping to catch up with people I haven't seen and well, rest. The only thing that I'd really like for Christmas is nookie but given that I've given up cheap casual sex, that's not likely to happen.
A Parisian hostess just sent out the following directions to a gathering at her apartment. What struck me was that this is so normal for denizens of our fair city. (Names changed to protect the beleaguered. ) This is just to get in the door.
1 container Korean seasoned spinach
I cannot bear this chain that clung to me as I implored for your love
Around the same time, Saskatchewn’s MP Brad Trost publicly questioned the “ironclad” party discipline that prevails in Ottawa, saying it stifles debate and prevents independent thinking.
We could construct paragraphs like the two above linking almost every modern convenience and contrivance implicated in the contemporary debate on sustainability to the drives and motives that are emerging out of our cutting edge understandings of psychology and evolution. But until we are ready to lay down the myth of our own rationality, until we are ready to admit, collectively and individually, that we need to live in intelligently managed environments in order to consistently and reliably behave in ways that are healthy and not self-destructive, then we will continue to make the kinds of half-hearted and ineffective stabs at sustainability that have characterized the last several decades.
What are some of your favorite reasons???
Congrats to the winners of the TD Book Week giveaways:
We just celebrated a month of missions emphasis. Part of that celebration involved hanging of flags representing the various countries where we send money to support missions outreach.
My master's thesis did not find an association between increased number of sexual partners and prostate cancer when looked directly, but did find a highly significant association and interaction between high number of lifetime sexual partners (10+) and men who had a first degree relative with prostate cancer.
Assistant Attorney General Robert Whittaker reminded board members that while Oklahoma law allows them to extend mercy, it also requires them to uphold lawful convictions and court judgments.
“This all says an awful lot about the many weaknesses in Sinn Féin’s argument. Not only do they wrongly claim that Ireland would be able to magically access funds in the future from mystery sources if we reject the Treaty and the backstop of the ESM; and not only do they condemn the financial mistakes of the past while refusing to sign up to sensible rules to stop these mistakes from being repeated; now they are resorting to misrepresenting the views of others. Sinn Féin should withdraw this leaflet and explain why they have misrepresented three impartial experts to support their claims.”
Our Barsoomian cousins (distant cousins but nonetheless related by DNA because of the exogensis of the early period in our solar system's life) were four to five meters tall and bipedal, with two legs, two arms, and an intermediate pair of limbs which were mostly used as arms. Large heads with widely-spaced eyes and prominent tusks gave them a slightly insectoid look, which was added to by their overall green coloring. Their intellect was equivalent to that of homo sapiens, as was their curiosity. They rapidly discovered the basics of the physical sciences and developed a sophisticated technology. By the time their knowledge was approximately equivalent to that of sixteenth century humanity, they knew they were in trouble.
So this fortnight we want you to be inspired by the lovely Jacaranda in our photo below. Some say the blooms are purple, some say blue (I say it's a bluey purple) and of course you can use trees or blossoms. Let's see where your creativity takes you. This photo was taken on the grounds of the university I studied at in Sydney.
A cloud covers and then uncovers the sun. Campus is distant and theoretical, like a galaxy or heaven. There is something beyond tedium. You can pass all the way through tedium and come out the other side, and this is Abbot's gift today. he picks up a pinecone, puts it in his palm, and extends his palm toward his daughter. The girl's eyes grow wide and she laughs. She reaches for the pinecone, says, "Pinecone."
I briefly mentioned what I love about December -- year-end lists -- so I thought I'd throw down a few of my favorite bands and albums from the year, and ended off with the blogs that have newly come onto my radar this year.
Their cover page has a QR Code on it. I can snap a picture on whatever device I need and have their summary post up on my screen in less than a second. The summary post includes hyperlinks to everything they have done online.
No wonder they are still coming to visit our green island.
Now go break a leg!
Please note that there will be spoilers. If you want to follow all the discussions please visit this page. Let the fun begin!
SafeWay Driving Centers have set a benchmark in the industry in the field of driver education. The centers have earned a solid reputation for quality driver education and are known for thorough instruction to learners.
To help get consistency off the tee, make sure you are teeing the ball up at the same height each time. If you tee off low you’ll shoot a grounder, while teeing off high leads to a ball that falls short. Spend some time adjusting your tee height at the driving range to determine which height offers you the best combination of control and distance.
Judas, it is said by some, betrayed Christ, because he wanted to force the Messiah’s hand to call down the legions of angels and crush the Romans and their Jewish puppets. Surely, Christ, faced with death, would do this. When it did not happen, some believe, in his distraught manner, he threw the cursed silver at the pharoses and took his own life. Those running Greece, however, have no such qualms or pings of conscious. They are the sin of Greed in flesh, working for their evil masters, regardless of whom they kill or crush or destroy. They are no different than the black hearted creatures that sit in Belgrade, in Zagreb, in Tbilisi, in Rome. They are the brothers of the beasts that sat in Kiev and at one time in Moscow, under Yeltsin. Surely, soon, their clones will equally sit in Madrid and Lisbon.
Main dates to watch for then are May 5/6th and May 20th.
And, as an adendum to the last post, I think Macie may have figured out this whole 1 nap thing. Tomorrow would be one week of taking one nap from about noon until 2:30 or 3 every day. The problem is we started Bible study last night and we kept her up until about 9:30, so we'll see how the sitter does with her today, but I'm hopeful she may have transistioned to one nap (we've been working on this for almost 3 months). When did your little ones successfully go from two naps to one?
**A note on the “Cascading Awens.” Druids working within the revival tradition do a chant of “Awen” (pronounced Ah – oh – en). Awen is a Welsh word meaning poetic/divine inspiration or creativity–and is a cornerstone of druidic practice. If you aren’t a druid, any chant/music/singing will do at the end here. But if you want to do the cascading awens, you’ll need a group (usually 4-5 is about the minimum you can do to have it work right). Every person starts and ends their Awen chant at a different time, hence the cascade. If you have a large group doing it, the effects can be quite…magical! If you only have a few people, you can chant Awen together in unison–try some harmonies!
On the other hand, given their relative degrees of ferocity, perhaps M57 – related or not – simply decided that trying to get friendly with F3 was too much of a risk (maybe that’s what happened to his missing toes?)
it's educational
There is nothing left to shred
This is why it’s impossible for Our Heavenly Father not to
Everyone has their own way of making beef stew more flavorful.
The gentle waves turn fierce
Basically, we were in fear for our lives but it wasn't because of drive-by shootings, gangs etc.
It may be over but it won’t stop there,
I must jump in my reflections to May. After my first flirtation with poetry, I spent almost all of my time writing essays and stories. I was still in this mindset in May, but I thought I would post this poem because it was the very first manifestation of a fascination with the sky that would lead to an obsession that resulted in my first submission to "Poetry." You can see a slight increase of skill, but since I was still a very green poet, it is quite raw.
Flowers for my porch.
The food market scene has blossomed over the last few years. A community has evolved and stalls are now on a level with restaurants. I want to find out more about the people behind the counter, what’s their story and what are their top tips to setting up a food stall.
Think about all of the people you know who are serving in the fivefold capacities and how many of them regularly deal with a massive amount of people? Now why is this important? It’s important because God is an on time God and know and understands the days and time we live in. He knows how much money we need to live on and support our families and also support other ministries. So with that thinking in mind let’s now look at all the people who have a calling of God to serve and who are still working a JOB.
I designed the printable party banner using square pieces with the striped background. I made this one seen here with the words “Happy Birthday” and another one with Taylor’s name. Both were ‘book-ended’ with the adorable pink cupcake graphic.
71) Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
For the well trained mind, versed in history and facts, that is exactly how the rubbish that passes for American history appears. It is almost as silly as the daily statements made by pompous and bellicose politicians and busy bodies who are more than happy to shred thousands of foreign children with daisy cutters, if not burning them to a crisp with napalm, all the while readying holier than thou, morality lectures to the world.
You might just find a new ‘favourite’.
For now I’m attempting to just go with it, to varying degrees of success depending on my mental state at any given moment. I’m trying to be patient and just take it as it comes – not like I really have much choice in the matter anyway. On the bright side I may use this as an opportunity to try hair colors and styles I never would have dreamed of experimenting with before. So in the end I guess you could say this is sort of a once in a lifetime opportunity…at least all things considered it had certainly better be once in a lifetime!
“With my hair down, so. What shall we do to-morrow?
I did do research into what causes it and I'm not going to go into that here because, well... I didn't agree. Some people say it's a vitamin disorder, some say its an allergic reaction to some foods or products, some even say it's a form of herpes. I don't think it's any of these... well the one I get isn't. OK so if I eat a whole pineapple I may get one, I'm not denying that acidic foods may be a cause sometimes but mine is about once a year when I'm coldy.
One final thing you will need to do in order to make this work is to go to the Asterisk CLI and issue one of the following commands: core restart now or, if you think there might be calls in progress, core restart when convenient — the latter will wait until there are no calls in progress. This is necessary to load the Gtalk configuration into Asterisk — for some reason an “orange bar reload” in FreePBX doesn’t do it.
For all his gleaming smiles, grandfatherly hand gestures, and folksy sound bites, tomorrow night, when crowd cheers the retired terrorist in the gaudy shirt, they would do best not to focus too closely upon his much admired legacy, as they might just find that the Xhosan Emperor has no clothes. For Nelson Mandela's lasting achievement is that, in the face of a world wishing him well, he, and the party he leads, have shown the world that, for all its flaws, Apartheid was a more benign system than what replaced it, and that the average South African was immeasurably better off under the hated white rule than they are under the alternative which black rule has created.
All rise and rejoice! For lo, we have found him. Come together, sisters and brothers. Come make a stand for Love, Peace and EDonism.
We ordered the hummus sampler, which was really good...
Just think what your life would be recorded as? Many in the Bible are known for something, Enoch: pleasing God, Abraham: faith, Noah: obedience, Moses: meekness, Solomon: wisdom. What would describe your life?
Spc. Craig Amundson, 28, Fort Belvoir, Va.
I get that.
without zip ties, and it still might have fallen into the water as we were taking it out, but Mike had managed to hook it by accident! Incredible! We are all really in shock about it- it really defies physics! So, my cup, the cup I made for Gus, and the one I made for Jess all came out! crazy, huh?”
I seem to be going off on a pale colour tangent. Hope you don't mind. I see it as the charm of this blog. Occasionally wandering off unexpectedly.
‘You’re going to wake up.’
We start from knowing zilch about a brand (person), then move to awareness, interest, consideration, trial, retrial, and loyalty. Some stray in the process, especially if another brand (person) is better-looking, can do more for you, or is plain cheap. When it comes to love, many cultures and religions frown upon trial and retrial prior to “loyalty.” Fortunately, our society encourages it.
not to be caught
We do have a CE directory that is free to use and to any CE provider who asks to be listed. We currently have nearly 100 online and brick and mortar providers listed with us.
And one of the most intriguing and dear memories I have of my father, is riding in the truck with him, looking for treasures.
1 spoken
Do you need direction in your life today? If so, David provides the best example of gaining direction. Set aside the morning hour to draw close to His presence. There, you will sense His unfailing love for you. His direction for your life will be a natural by-product of this time of communion with Him. Ask God to lead you by His Spirit today.
“We are looking into the case,” said Michael Dennard, the president of the chapter, after a reporter called more than a year after the crime. He would not say more.
In addition, I have seven wonderful ministries to share with you that I found over the past few months. See, I got to thinking... how can I sprinkle some of the little ministries out there that make a big difference in a few people's lives, but have little publicity or funding? By helping them out with publicity and funding!
When asked…..my first answer should have been no.
‘Does this heightened awareness of racism help to stamp it out? Quite the opposite. It creates a climate of suspicion and anxiety.’ The Act compelled 43,000 public authorities, including schools and churches, ‘to promote good relations between persons of different racial groups’. Details of the incidents are logged on databases.
After being violated by the nurse via swabbing, she asked me to wait outside for the doctor. I walked back out to the waiting area and waited for the doctor while I watched the girl behind the cosmetics counter file her nails and bob her head to Beyonce that she had playing from her phone.
The National Beer Wholesalers of America is currently having their employees in Congress craft what is ironically called the CARE (Community Alcohol Regulatory Effectiveness) Act. Wrapped in a cloak of States Rights, this bill is intended to stop Internet sales of alcohol and put more power into the hands of distributors. If you like California or Texas wine and live in Maine, for Example, you can order wine on the Internet for delivery to your home. Under the "CARE" Act, ordering wine or beer from another state will become illegal. It would also prohibit anyone from bring suit against the government, which would violate the Constitution.
‘The House Budget Committee meets Monday afternoon to put the final touches on the more than $300 billion 10-year package to preserve defense spending without bowing to Democratic demands for new taxes’.
nerve, vagus - surgical removal of 38, side effects of 39-68
Thanks for visiting with us this week. Don't forget to leave a comment on each post this week. The more you comment the more chances you have to win!
but because God can use this to make it greater.
So! I'm ready to read some more! Go join the rest of the reading room and find a few more great books. All the links and pictures are at Songbird Sweets blog. And don't forget to thank your librarian today!
Also, following my blog yesterday, Chortle phoned the Fringe Office and reported that “when asked why certain words are deemed offensive and others not – and how Herring’s title was changed without him knowing until now – the Fringe office said they did not wish to comment.”
No, pastel colours will not parade tonight.
I don't try to make projects anymore. That was driving me crazy. I just let what has to be done and what I want to do lead me on.
All of this reminiscing (which don't forget, was all instigated by ordering Olympic wrestling tickets!), reminded me that up in the loft I still have the memorabilia I collected in the 1970's. A quick pop up there and I immediately found all the posters I'd saved from the shows. They were huge! and I always tried to nab one off the wall as I exited the venue. Not found my programmes from the shows yet, but it's only a matter of time!
In the bowl of an electric mixer, add cream, vodka, vanilla, sugar and key lime zest. Beat on medium-high speed until cream stiffens, about 7-8 minutes. Frost cake, add strawberries and refrigerate.
Inspiration is complicated.
The technique is dry embossing aluminum foil. Here, I've used a poinsettia embossing folder to create the texture on the foil. Quite simple really. You only have to be a bit careful when adherring the foil to your cardstock so as to not burnish it flat. Otherwise you cut the heavy-duty foil to the size you desire for your card and just insert it into the embossing folder like you would any cardstock.
The boy shook his head.
You should see some of the other cards the ladies at MDUC made. I am sooo glad my colors weren't what some of theirs were. Talk about challenging but they did really well!
We had forty minutes to get as much done on the sheet of torture (and fitness) as we could. I started with jumping jacks, took a lap, then did about 30 lunges, 30 squats, and 20 bent over rows. I took a lap, then tackled another set of 30, 30, 20. I worked this way through much of the page. I have admit, I only did 20 push-ups, despite Chad's threat to make me do 100 push-ups after my Gollum reference in Back to Boot Camp... Part 1.
“I got myself a JD and MBA so that my children could get home schooled and maybe get an office job. They got an office job so that their children could get factory jobs in a manufacturing plant, because manufacturing is what it’s all about. They must get manufacturing jobs so that their children can be union members and do nothing all day, and I will defend the unions until the end of time for their lazy low standards and all the money they give me…hell they won’t need even one of those snobbish high school diplomas.”
- Maybe she snubs men who don’t offer her gifts? For example: In her Diamonds Are a Girls Best Friend act, Marilyn Monroe snubbed the gentlemen who offered their hearts and was only enchanted by the jewelry.
Rather than relying on future events or waiting for ideal conditions that may or may not eventuate, I have decided to
By 2009: ‘More of the same and a surge’
When I take a good, hard look at myself I cannot imagine how someone like me could ever be like Christ. Humbleness and humility are like pipedreams when I try and imagine myself in that way. The gift of Salvation comes through with a guarantee, but that does not remove our responsibility to grow and to seek a life as close to Christ as we can. It is humility that must be the attribute we most diligently seek. Of course I will fail in this endeavor, but I can never stop fighting this war. I must also remember that even an outward appearance of humility is of no value, God sees the heart and my humility must run deep within my heart. As always our hope lies in Christ and in the eternity He promises those who give their lives to him. Philippians 1:6 is the hope a poor, wretched sinner like me can take great comfort in, “For I am confident of this very thing, that He who began a good work in you will perfect it until the day of Christ Jesus.” Praise the most Holy name of Jesus. Our hope and our salvation.
But I felt like I couldn’t wait a second longer to post something here. Especially when I logged in and saw some comments that were pending approval (thank you, Hedone! xoxo).
DRB-Hicom Bhd., Syed Mokhtar’s auto assembler, is the best candidate to buy the government’s 43 percent stake in Proton, Mahathir, now an adviser at the carmaker he founded in 1983, said in a joint interview yesterday in Putrajaya, outside Kuala Lumpur. Officials at DRB and Khazanah Nasional Bhd., the government investment arm holding the Proton shares, weren’t immediately available to comment.
Weds: 8:45-9:15 elliptical
Then there are the kids. They've been busy at school learning, learning, learning. The learning curve for middle school has been a steep one, very steep. For more than just the middle schooler. I've had to learn, and learn quickly, that no matter what, I'm not actually IN school anymore. The grades are not my grades. The work is not my work. The realization came after I "helped" with one assignment which was returned with a good score and the words "great job!" at the top. The actual student could have cared less (and likely didn't learn a thing that the assignment was trying to teach, while I felt stellar. YIKES! not my grades any more. I learned VERY quickly that when I say "just do your best, that's all you can do" I have to really mean "as hard as YOU can".
As a hedge against the uncertainty of the diplomatic outcome planning for contingencies, including non-combatant evacuation must proceed in-stride. The idea of the U.S. physically adopting Israel is not new. Some have suggested a nation within a nation solution, where the Israeli people possess lands, the resident natural resources, and political sovereignty (personal communication from John Uldrich, 2002). Alternatively, a federal-like construct can be conceived whereby semi-autonomous Israeli communities reside aboard granted government lands, with self-governance rights resembling those afforded states. The lands could be a combination of developed areas having preexistent infrastructure such as military bases, and remote areas that would permit larger cohesive populations, but require more work and resources, such as the extensive government tracts in southern Utah. Finally, the massive assimilation of Israelis who already possess dual citizenship or have family in the U.S. will ease the difficulty initially.
I am a fan of Pat's photography at Back Porch Musings. You can read about her equipment at the bottom of her blog page. She's the reason Dr. Big bought a Canon Rebel.
To make sure the president gets our message, on Thursday we’re going directly to local Obama campaign offices to deliver more than 226,000 petition signatures supporting a full federal investigation of Wall Street. By taking just one hour outof your day, you’ll join with thousands more to make sure the president hears from the 99%.
2. You set yourself a deadline to publish PIERCING THROUGH THE DARKNESS for the Kindle. How did the process work? Would you consider publishing that way again?
But either way, you are still sitting in the backseat, having at least somewhat of a passive role in your educational journey and your life overall. The car, like the train, separates "learning time" from the real world, which you are still looking at through a window. The car follows streets, like the train follows tracks. There may be more than one path between two stops now, but you are still confined to the streets.
The handler speaking to this small group, claims the sanitation part of assault on Zuccotti-Ville is a RUSE. Slander. They claim the park is not unsanitary and also claim they tried to have port-o-johns delivered but were denied. BTW- the handler is this vid was instructing the PEOPLE on how to control the "answer with a new question" method...like this was something new?
I think I'll hit the gym now and see if there's anything besides cardio that I can do right now without tearing what's left of my shoulder to bits.
kind wonderful things
Roger Grenier, Another November; Piano Music for Four Hands (both from the University of Nebraska Press)
Personal Sustainability Promise
"When I read the blog, two things strike me, so they must strike others as well."
Also, after the May 7th AtoZ Challenge Reflections post, Fred and I will challenge one another with a photo prompt and a number prompt each week. We’re also hoping to get the rest of the Sunday Writers in on this.
Last Monday (11th) I chaired a quiet, intimate event with the lovely Helen Oyeyemi, who was reading from and talking about her latest, Mr Fox. First she read out the dark fairy tale of the same name, about a young woman who outwits a dastardly murderer: 'Be bold, be bold, but not too bold...' Mr Fox the woman-killer crops up in all cultures, she pointed out, sometimes in unsuspected guises - I hadn't spotted that Daphne du Maurier's Rebecca is a variant of the story. I could have happily discussed fairy tales with Oyeyemi all night.
Use the links assembled at my post here to monitor severe weather:
I was surprised to find this picture as the sixth in my folder, and the moment I saw it, the precise memories of what I was doing at the time jumped straight to the forefront of my mind. I could tell you about how my poor connection lagged terribly that day in Stormwind with all the post-patch crowding on the realm and how I got turned around in the north alley of the Trade District trying to find the barber shop (I very, very rarely use it). I could tell you how we searched for the perfect spot to dance and take screenshots. I could even tell you that this shot is not my favorite from that day; that honor belongs to one Catulla took and features some random toon flying by in the background, an oddly floating Worg Pup in tow, because the “flying non-combat pet” bug had yet to be fixed for pets that weren’t supposed to fly. Random gliding doggie is still an in-joke that makes me grin, though I acknowledge its lack of meaning to anyone but myself.
The Journal of Housing
As you can see Cosmopop stains a similar colour to the actual lipstick while oddly D'lilac and Airbourne Unicorn stain pink. I can only imagine that this is because the pink dyes or pigments in the formula stain while the blue don't.
If I get something more concrete and interesting in here tomorrow I’ll know that the strategy worked.
Just curious, what kind of books do you like best…….and how many do you read in a week.
A note to copy editors:
Bloomsbury, who came up with the idea, and put my husband and I through our paces over a whole weekend, while I tried to draw the street pattern I remembered from my childhood stays in Merthyr, and he played the artist! Basically, no - I had no map. I just wandered in my memory down real streets, into real kitchens, front rooms, back gardens and parks. But the memories of childhood places are shifted by time, aren’t they, and by competing memories. So in the end I put a note in the back to that effect. “I have moved mountains, I have shifted your streets,” basically - in case
Except, people noticed, and they had a nice little cop get-together at their house awaiting their return. They were arrested…which must have been awkward. First of all, the girl was naked. I hope they gave her clothes. But secondly, I just can’t even imagine explaining that calmly to an officer. And definitely not while naked. And in jail.
In Neon
Your alleged “government” is rewarding criminal activity.
These days remote interviews can also be conducted via mobile video phones. This is desirable in situations where equipment and personnel must be kept to the bare minimum, or when resources are spread very thinly. The most well-known examples are during wartime operations when reports are filed from many journalists in difficult locations.
Rumsfeld Rating – Known Unknown
It never fails that whenever I go off the grid for a bit, the galaxy gets all atilt. In clearing my browser tabs today, here’s hope that Teh Stupid isn’t as catching as the lung fracturing virus.
Everneath starts up with Nikki and Cole. So you'll understand why I was drawn to him at first seeing as he's the first guy we meet but whatever. Nikki knows what she wants and what she's doing and that's what I like about her. She understands how her actions have affected the ones she love and she just has to make it right some how. Like with her family, her dad and Timmy. She really makes an effort. I love reading about those moments as they're just particularly sincere.
cs within Inspired Birth include: God=A2s view of medical and natural child=
Korean culture is more difficult for her. Since she is half Korean she understand the culture and have close relations to it, but she is a lot more liberal than the conservative Korean way of life.
I tried to show him that I cared
Now that I am a parent, however, I am the Queen of Singlets. You might even call me the Mad Queen of Singlets, so obsessed am I with ensuring that my boys are wearing one at all times.
SB: What would be more correct, Lord?
Assembly:
We still have a ton of pictures to sort through, but in the meantime...
“He is a very lucky man, to have you as a friend,” he said with a smile.
That was nothing but a modest simulation of the several such arguments I’ve been in.
366He best can paint 'em, who shall feel 'em most.
There are times when our desire to seek family acceptance can be a positive thing, but other times when that desire can impede our own success and keep us from using our gifts the way God wants us to. Following the footsteps of parents or siblings may or may not be the best practice.
The only real issue I had with this (which is why I had such a difficult time rating this) was the writing. It’s hard to explain – the first 100-200 pages seemed to have writing that was sort of disjointed and it was in past tense which at first, I didn’t think suited the novel. It was all, “We did this, then they did this. Then this happened” BUT I do have a theory on this :)… You know how when a lot of younger kids tell a story to you they basically go along the lines of, “This happened, then this happened and then I did this…”? Well, because Juno was 11, I have a feeling the author (quite cleverly) did this intentionally because the older Juno got throughout the novel, the less disjointed the writing seemed and the past tense and writing in general was easier to read. So I don’t know (God, this is difficult to write)… I didn’t particularly love the writing at the beginning of the novel but I think she did this intentionally to connect us with Juno more! So what I’m TRYING to say is that Fleur Beale is basically a sneaky genius.
RE: Istanbul
Well it was a cooking party, so first up we had all the guest decorate an apron. I had already drawn free-hand the chosen Pokemon and then each girl coloured it in using fabric pens.
“But, sir! It is a beautiful sword and none other like it exists.” protested Stevon. “Why would you want it buried?”
I figured this is going to be so awesome. So I continued on my journey and waited anxiously to see how they would turn out…. Low and behold after waiting forever, when I saw my final result I was pretty pleased. it wasn’t professional or anything but I felt very accomplished for my first attempt:
I am pleased to say that I have reaped the benefits of living within a 15 min. walk or less from public transit and cycling infrastructure for the cities of: Toronto, Vancouver and Calgary.
The barbaric behavior of centaurs (kentauroi) might be traced back to their ancestor, the wicked King Ixion. Ixion attempted to rape the goddess Hera, but was prevented at the last minute by Zeus, who substituted a nymph named Nephele instead. She bore a monstrous child, Kentaurus, who depending on the myth was either the first centaur, or who mated with horses and produced the first centaur.
We drove to Tusayan, AZ, looked at our hotel, and headed north to the Grand Canyon. IT IS SPECTACULAR! Even the kids were amazed! We decided to go to one of the ranger lead programs and learned about the rock layers. (I love our National Parks and their Rangers!) When you see our children, ask them what “DUDE” has to do with the Grand Canyon. Camden spent most of his time finding snow banks and throwing snowballs – not sure if he saw much of the canyon even though he said he did! (Throwing anything over the side of the canyon is illegal – just an FYI!)
I wore my new Marlaina Stone statement necklace that I mentioned in my previous blog post. I love her designs and use of various chains. I included a photo from the Bon Jovi rock concert last May. My husband & I had the best time!! We were in one of the luxury suites near the stage. What a GREAT show!!!!
What I particularly like is his ‘leaving statement’, in which he praised FC Köln and their fans. Nasri could learn a lesson there.
~Take better strides in my appearance and wardrobe.
Nocil Limited has informed the Exchange that the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on October 26, 2010 has appointed Mr.Pradeep Vasudeo Bhide as Additional Director pursuant to Section 260 of the Companies Act, 1956. Further, the Company has informed that Mr.P.V.Bhide is Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company.
There are a load of scenes in the film that are completely ridiculous thanks to terrible dialogue by screenwriters Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg. The budding relationship between Scott and Elizabeth is so poorly written that it barely makes sense, and why Russell – Segel’s character – is attracted to Elizabeth, other than physically, is a mystery that is never revealed. Like in any comedy, the clumsy moments in the dialogue can be forgiven if they make the audience laugh, which Bad Teacher manages. Some of the best jokes in the movie are of the traditional setup and punch line variety, delivered flawlessly by Jason Segel.
It’s been a week of signs, wonders and “God winks”.
ALSO, walking through a parking lot and not being fully aware of drivers while walking is not a good thing. Sometimes, we think that all drivers see us walking and that they will stop for any pedestrian but like in my case, the lady did not see me (for whatever reason) and she hit me.
01 Ikenga Go Marry Me
And suddenly Moon felt a nip on his hind legs, only a little one mind! His good thoughts had slowed him down they'd made him weak! Moon sped away from Chav Harry and looked up at one of the sea walls.
Heat a large, deep skillet over medium heat. Add the oil, then cook the scallions, bell pepper and garlic for about 3 minutes until softened. Break the tofu into large chunks and add to the pan. Toss it so it’s covered with the aromatics and then let it sit so it browns a little before flipping it. When it browns after about 5 minutes, toss the tofu to let it brown on all sides.
Anyone who has doubts about just how bad things are for the majority of South Africans should read Trevor Manuel's National Planning Commission report on the state of things. Education for black people has basically gone to hell. Even the allegedly improved matric pass rate is a ruse, because the "67.8% pass rate hides the fact that only 15% achieved the pass rate mark of 40% or more. This means that roughly 7% of the cohort of children born between 1990 and 1994 achieved this standard". In a normal country with a caring politics, such a report would have led to the fall of a government.
This is the continuation from my previous post. Models were asked to wear casual. Styled by yours truly but most of the outfits were provided by the models. Hair and make-up were provided by Ariel Barrios
Iran's leaders should know that I do not have a policy of containment; I have a policy to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon .... Already, there is too much loose talk of war. Over the last few weeks, such talk has only benefited the Iranian government, by driving up the price of oil, which they depend upon to fund their nuclear program. For the sake of Israel's security, America's security, and the peace and security of the world, now is not the time for bluster; now is the time to let our increased pressure sink in, and to sustain the broad international coalition that we have built. Now is the time to heed that timeless advice from Teddy Roosevelt: speak softly, but carry a big stick.
“Come cleansing fire, refill us with your energy and strength. Come hearth fire, fill our homes with light and warmth, good food and companionship. Come protective fire and sacred fire. Protect us on our journeys forth. Danu accept this gift of new milk and sew seeds of abundance. Brigid protect our mothers and livestock in birth.”
Around Drain there also was talk that some pretty big money raised in Eugene changed hands to help bring about the route change. With dreams of greater days fading, the town scored a victory, of sorts, over the S.P. Quick action by the town council extended the city limits to include land where a million dollars worth of steel rails were piled up to await laying o ties of the railroad that never happened. The maneuver put
I also think it would be interesting and very helpful if the Magazine Editors would think about using regular beaders, like any of us, to test their edited version of the Tutorial before the Magazine goes to print.
9:30 – Mike & Molly
My compliments to this particular spammer who sent me a particularly crappy and poorly constructed attempt to defraud me of money, from an email address entitled "Google Alart".
11 July
the list goes on and on:(
After about 30 minutes, heat 6 quarts of water to about 170˚. When mash is done, pull out the grain bag and let it drain for a few minutes. Add bag to heated water stir and let sit for 20 minutes to rinse out any remaining sugars. Should end up with around 9+ quarts of wort.
Maybe you can post some middle-ground queries--ones that aren't a complete disaster, but ones that still need basic help. I know it'd be nice and not exactly ferociously shark-like, but it would make following these instructions more important. I'm tempted to write a terrible query just to get you to post it so I can then send a follow-up.
Karen Lynn was 19 when her mother sent her to a home for unmarried pregnant women in Clarkson, Ont., in 1963. There, she was known as Karen No. 1 to protect her family’s reputation, and said it was clear she would not have been allowed to stay there if she did not agree to an adoption. A year later, Sharon Pedersen was 20-years-old when she was drugged and tied to her bed during labour and then shown four different babies through the nursery window at a hospital in Victoria, she said.
Naturally, I leaped from the table, stumbled a bit, regained my footing, stumbled again, fell, got up, tripped on a dog (that fucking dog!) and fell onto the bar next to her. As you would.
as a side note, a lot of people email me, asking if I can do commissioned canvases for out of town and out of state clients, and the answer is yes! my email is kristen.fountain@gmail.com if you are interested in inquiring about it, and I definitely think that my prices are really fair for an original piece of artwork. Usually clients just send me photos of work that they've collected that inspire them, and I take it from there.
Those doors should be in the Smithsonian.
The Daily Breeze
But, I'm grounded! That's not fair.
Yes, that waitress in the diner has to work. Welfare reform made sure of that. Case workers want to see these stay at home mothers working, and Ann, I am afraid that taking care of your boys would not count as work in their eyes.
“We’re not engaged in sustained fighting. There’s been no exchange of fire with hostile forces. We don’t have troops on the ground. We don’t risk casualties to those troops. None of the factors, frankly, speaking more broadly, has risked the sort of escalation that Congress was concerned would impinge on its war-making power.”
Another candidate mooted is former SAF Chief Guards Officer Colonel Yau Thian Hock who tendered his resignation suddenly without warning two weeks ago, prompting speculations that he may be fielded as a candidate in Hougang by-election.
with Tombow markers. The sentiment was
Children of Sarah Ann Knight and Jesse S. Bostick:
In secret July 4 testimony, Melson revealed he was “sick to his stomach” when he discovered the extent of the operation’s deadly lapses. Join the club, pal.
Gentlemen express your comments on her beauty with respect and integrity.
Three of the missionaries were men and the others women.
I’ve already mentioned some of the Community Events, so I’ll skip this section and go lastly to the Careers area. No actual openings are posted, although I hear there may be a few forthcoming. The benefits actually seem pretty good, and I read elsewhere that an average annual salary of $60,000 for miners far outstrips what other work pays in this depressed area of the country. They have both a pension plan and a 401(k), as well as complete medical, prescription, dental and vision coverage with no monthly premium charged to the workers. That’s a better deal than even I have in my cushy office job. I’d be tempted to head for the hills myself if it weren’t for all those entrapment concerns I so foolishly hold onto.
Pierre and Nina were fond of golf and initially they used tin cans for holes, but one day they were having an outing with their friends, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Hancock, when they spied a piece of land that took their fancy. They bought the land and built a little hut to store their clubs. Lewis Hancock then laid out what would become the first ever golf course in Texas.
Read a trilogy. Total page count for all three books together must be at least 500 pages.
In we yank our offspring. (And dare I suggest that at least a few of the older ones will end up watching CSI because they’re not out playing kickball?)
Since his 1999 capital murder conviction, Balentine has eluded two execution dates after state and federal judges have stayed his executions, according to Texas Department of Criminal Justice records. Most recently, the U.S. Supreme Court declined last month to hear his appeal and lifted the stay.
What I don't do is educate them as a means of becoming. A leader, a doctor, a business woman, a politician, an artist, a town planner, a biologist, a mother, a sportsman, successful, wealthy; take your pick.
I have no idea how to fix this. Perhaps if our expectations weren't quite so high... A good portion of the problem lies with our legal system - which is broken beyond repair. Part of it is the sense of entitlement. I've yet to hear any solution that I think has a chance in hell of working.
Big eyed beans from Venus
CASEY JONES AND THE GOVERNORS
They took out some of my favorite Irish swearing ("Ardcrony ballocks!") and all mentions of urethral sphincters (and the original had a lot of them), but I can understand that, at three thirty in the afternoon, if the BBC broadcast my story intact, it would probably not get its charter renewed. Do you really want the playgrounds of England to resound to cries of "Ardcrony ballocks!" I think not.
Cross-cultural mergers and acquisitions are common and often used to acquire more efficient access to resources and human capital, to expand markets and to create new ones. Due to promising predictions, as well as a considerable amount of time and money spent on legal and administrative issues, potential difficulties deriving from cross-cultural differences and hidden cultural rules are often neglected. These can have a tremendous impact on the international workforce and global business operations if not addressed in the early stages.
This morning, I just got out of bed and said "GO RUN. Just GO" - I had to talk myself into it while I was laying there about to wake up - good thing my running clothes and shoes had been sitting by my bed for 5 days in preparation. And away I went. I need to turn the fear OFF. The minor aches weren't what was keeping me inside...it was the FEAR of re injury. I have found that has kept me from running before.... or the fear that people will think a slow overweight older lady has no business in a race or calling herself a runner.
But hold on, I'm not done yet. What would a birthday be without gifts??? And this time, the gifts are from me, to you. Yes, you! All my darling friends and followers who have all been so kind and supportive throughout the years, no matter how tough times were. It's just a way for me to say how grateful I am for YOU. :)
There is no doubt that when it comes to best kids apps for iPad, CookieCoo Dancing Star will be leading the race. This children apps beats other free children apps for iPad because it has more features to boast of and plenty of benefits to share with its young users. Although you need to pay to use this applicaton, when it comes to good apps for kids, CookieCoo Dancing Star is well worth the price of $0.99. Why? Once it is installed and your kid starts playing it, they won't be doing anything else except to play the game over and over again. The reason for this is that they will find new friends in the cookie characters that are dancing and singing in the background as your kids tap the instruments where the notes are falling. Top apps for children like this is definitely worth taking a much closer look.
Mix all of the above ingredients except the pork shoulder and the BBQ sauce in a small mixing bowl, mix it all well making your spice rub. Massage the spice rub all over the meat in every crevice you can find. Wrap tightly in a double wrap of plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 3 hours, I did mine overnight. You can refrigerate this for up to 3 days
Two days later I get a phone call saying the washing machine wasn't working. UGH! I asked him what it wasn't doing - was it not filling, washing but not spinning, not draining or what?... ( symptoms guys - I need symptoms!!)
Nodding, Grayson retrieved the note from Doyle. “I’m certain she managed to leave this note to tell me she’s been taken away from her only happiness, which was here, with me.” He smiled. “Newsworthy enough for you? Heiress abducted by known criminal. I’m sure there’ll be a ransom demand soon” —I’ll make one myself— “unless Valderas plans to take her to Mexico where he can sell her. I’ve heard there’s a lucrative white slave market there.” Thinking on his feet had always been easy for him, and he was using that talent for all it was worth now.
And this is basically how I spent the next hour and a half, trying to work my frickin machine with children politely telling me I wasn't very good. Even Betty backtracked and told me I needed to 'go a bit faster.' From the back of the class, Dolly poked her head up and told me I was a 'slowcoach'.
The latest renegade is Emer O'Toole in the Guardian, who says she has now resisted shaving for 18 months and found it isn't the problem she thought it would be. She's quite happy to be hairy, and so apparently are most of the men she comes across, including her current boyfriend.
Messenger of Truth, by Jacqueline Winspear (Maisie Dobbs #4) – I continue to be completely enamored of Maisie and her friends. This wasn’t my favorite Maisie mystery, but it was a great read nonetheless. In Messenger of Truth, Maisie and Billy undertake an investigation into the death of an avant-garde artist. The police say it was an accident, but the victim’s sister – and Maisie – aren’t so sure. As with all Maisie books so far, the answers lie in the wounds that are still festering from the Great War. The worldwide Depression is underway, though, which introduces a new plot wrinkle as Maisie sorts out her own feelings about working for, and being one of, the “haves” while still relating more to the “have-nots” of the world.
“Well why don’t you ask it a question?” answered Hermel.
After a few more stops to try and figure out what's wrong with the front wheel, I give up and decide it's time to head home. Less than 10 miles to go, and I'll be very glad to get there. I have horrible - and baseless - visions of my front wheel somehow falling off as I ride, tumbling me into the path of an oncoming vehicle which will mangle me horridly, or, worse, kill me. (Who will post my pictures if I die in a crash?)
2) Pour a bowl of cereal, let’s say Froot Loops. Put a little milk in it, then place it on the table. Let it get nice and soggy. Pour another bowl, let’s say Cheerios this time. Keep them dry. Don’t touch them. Wait 20 minutes. Then take both bowls and dump them on the carpet. Bonus points if you can get some milk under the couch.
Grass: Flexmarkers - Chartreuse, Aniseed, Sea Green
But I’m afraid I’d cry
How did this mocking abuse of a handful of venerable Far Eastern notes begin?
He was charged with one charge of aggravated battery.
I walk upright like a normal homo sapien, work more in the yard than I have in some time, am making good progress toward getting my studio/shop into usable space (I haven’t done anything creative since we moved to our present home without a studio) and about sixty percent of the junk in my office is off the floor and put away. (I can now do my taxes). Things, for the time being are good (Knock wood).
I've wanted to take a class from Fred ever since he wrote an article on Gyotaku in Somerset Studio magazine. A follow up article on his rubber stamp company appeared in that same issue, titled "Nature Prints" May/June 1997. Over the years I have continued to see his stamps and cards made with them in stores, and in magazines. I never dreamed he would come to my little corner of the world.The class was everything I'd hoped it would be and more. We learned about "the spot application of color," or painting with little pieces of plastic. This technique involves using transparent as well as opaque embossing powders and watercolor paints. Fred came armed with an arsenal of specialized tools like technical paper, otherwise known as TP or toilet paper. We learned the proper use of precision thermography powder application devices, also known as cocktail straws, and we were instructed in the art of using tactilely interactive vulcanized tools for the replication of graphic imagery. Now these technologically advanced tools are in the studios of most paper artists. You surely have them as well. Have you guessed yet? That's right rubber stamps! Fred is a terrific teacher and extremely entertaining as well.
Tantalising in its shiny purple,
The Marine Corps Band was on the grounds playing various Sousa marches and Broadway show tunes. Here they are going through the overture to “The Sound of Music.”
tj signed a free agent deal with the yankees, of all teams. i guess if you can't beat 'em, join 'em. it didn't work out too well for john in terms of postseason success, but he did win 20 games for the second time in his career. for the 1979 season, he was 21-9 in 36 starts (plus one relief appearance). his era was 2.96 and he had 17 complete games and 3 shutouts. the yankees won 89 games that year, but finished 4th in the nl east. john's highlight of the season was his two-hit shutout against the red sox and dennis eckersley on may 20. he allowed a single to the first batter, jerry remy, but promptly picked him off of first base. john then retired 26 of the remaining 27 batters he faced (fred lynn was stranded on second after his fourth inning double) to finish with the shutout win.
The designed cabins will be debuted onboard KLM’s 747-400 fleet in June 2013.
the colors he uses is one of his strongest tools for personal interpretations of a subject and for conveying his emotions. His work grew brighter in color, and he developed the unique and highly recognizable style that became fully realized during his stay in ..!He also wrote the poetry that he was the most famous, most productive and most satire！While he is never ranked as a writer of tragedy with any prizes..！
But let us know what you think. Do you think Sony will do well with the acquisition? If so, what do you see coming in the near future?
” Can’t I ? ” I smiled at him,with eyes full of tears.And love.
Hence the phrase 'bush weasel' was coined. Ever since then, adult child in the house (who will be referred to as Hubby) and I have affectionately referred to our children as "the bushweasels." And that makes me the Weaselmomma.
1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (3 lemons)
Decorating the tree…
Alphabet Soup
AMcCC: Well, it would be boring if we all agreed with each other.
So, when I started getting phone calls from an unrecognizable Utah number, I decided to google it. Turns out the number belonged to a company I used to work for when I was in college. We would call people all over the United States to survey them about various things. Yes, I suppose I was a telemarketer of sorts...only I never sold anything - just took surveys. I got hung up on a lot as you can imagine.
For the one who prayed was me
Not much else today...walked around the city, ate at a local restaurant....oh, and no Starbucks or McDonald's which is as odd in China as it would be in Franklin. We were told there were two coffee shops in town. One owned by a Chinese person...word is it's terrible. One owned by an American...word is it's pretty good. I'll scout it out in the morning.
Children witnessing their parents abusing prescription drugs often don’t know what to do if they’re able to even recognize it in the first place. Lindsay, a junior in college, remembers the first time she realized her dad had a problem.
“Turkish Airlines has quickly established itself as one of the world’s leading airlines, and we are pleased to be partnering with them during this impressive period of growth,” said JetBlue Chief Commercial Officer Robin Hayes. “With service from Washington plus three daily flights from JFK to Istanbul and beyond, our new partnership with this respected carrier will allow JetBlue customers to travel virtually anywhere on Earth with a single ticket.”
Ok.. On to Instincts
She pushed the dead-again Donna Westmoreland out of the doorway with the flat of her foot, huffed briefly from the effort and then lightly puffed the wispy white hair atop her head back into its usual spherical shape. She stepped out into the hall, leaving Dale alone.
for protecting our rights rather than eroding them by seeking to impose
But hey! Great news! I must've married my dream guy, because Gary competed on The Price Is Right in college! One day, if I can figure out how to convert the video tape, I'll post his clip. It's worth watching. You'll have to wait and watch to see what he won!
Doctors: Charlie Kenyon (Cameron Waterhouse)
Still a potent presence even in dreams.
If you had asked me if I liked to scrapbook five years ago, I would have answered "umm, no I've never done it. I was given a kit as a gift once and I'm not compelled to do it."
To my surprise, after mile 20, the course flattened out a good deal. While the grade was overall down, it wasn’t the steep down I had gotten used to, and now that I was on flatter terrain, I was starting to feel the beating the bottom of my feet was taking on the rocks and very hard dirt from the super dry winter. On my first 20 mile run on the Rocky Raccoon Course back in November 2011 I had the same thing happen. I kept running, and did my best to keep my pace up, but the pain in the balls of my feet started to really get into my head. There was an unexpected Aid Station at mile 22. I slowed down to crab 2 more cookies, and as I walked out with an older gentleman, trying to get my cookies down, and get out of my head with the pain in my feet, noticed he was limping and seemed to be really struggling. He didn’t have any electrolyte or salt replacement and said he was cramping badly. I took off my pack, and not thinking gave him my last 2 Saltstik caplets, figuring he needed them much more, and my only Tylenol, figuring I only had 3 miles left. Besides, I remember well the aid station volunteer at RR100 giving my pacer a bunch of Endurolytes to get me through my race there, so I felt like maybe I was giving back a bit.
Now if only I could get my stress levels to go down a little so I can get a synopsis for one of my sequels...
18 The Weight
The Maple Weapons are also for level 79, and they (along with the Maple Equipment) come with a ‘Rare’ potential rank. Also, the box can also give you a FREE Empress equip., for level 140 obviously~. They also come with a hidden potential.
At Camp Loopy, that is? I used to do sure 'nuf camping in a tent, complete with nasty bathhouses, and lots of creepy crawly bugs. But, as I've gotten older...well, let's just say that I prefer to "camp" in a place with fresh sheets, a soft bed, and room service. /grin/
Our weather has finally gotten a "wee-bit" cooler, so now we can start to enjoy our patio. It's still quite a blank slate out there & landscaping that area is not a priority right now. I did do some cleaning up yesterday and decided to "Fall it Up" a little . Here are some daytime shots, & maybe one of these days I'll remember to take some in the evening......LOL!
"We thought you knew that it was spelled c-a-u-l-k. "
You will feel so violated that you will run to your next appointment and immediately call your mother. Your mother will not answer the phone because she is out having margaritas with her brothers and sisters – your great aunts and great uncles.
And I know this isn't the most brilliantly original description of depression - but bear with me here. I'm typing on regardless of the voice telling me this is a load of crap.
4) For a coupon for a free month's membership at the Y. We took the kiddos swimming again tonight; they loved it.
She approved of the meal, and has proved herself an asset to any backyard BBQ. Any takers out there for a grilling buddy? She’s clearly bound to succeed in this area.
Tara Mohr is an expert on women’s leadership and wellbeing. Her work has been featured on The Today Show, CNN.com, ForbesWoman, and numerous other publications. She is the creator of the free, downloadable 10 Rules for Brilliant Women Workbook.
And here we go ^^ ::
Shaking down burning chestnuts for the schoolyard’s merry play,
Trent Richardson was taken #3 by the Cleveland Browns. The Browns maneuvered up to the third selection by swapping with the Vikings. Cleveland, like the Skins with RG3, wanted to ensure they got their guy. Both the New York Jets and Tampa Bay Buccaneers were attempting to acquire the 3rd pick from Minnesota to select Richardason. Cleveland beat them to the punch. The selection instantly gives the Browns a back like they haven’t had in a long time. All due respect to Peyton Hillis and his Larry Csonka impersonation in 2010. Richardson becomes the Browns offensive focal point. In the rugged AFC North, controlling the ball and clock with the running game is paramount. The former Alabama stand out will be just what the doctor ordered. Like the top two quarterbacks selected, Richardson in my eyes is a “can’t miss” talent. Nick Saban has been quoted as saying, Richardson is the best player that he’s coached in his tenure with the Crimson Tide. With the talent that Alabama has produced, that endorsement speaks volumes.
1) MD Florida - 66.7%
I sometimes wish I could come up with an idea that would provide a substantial income from others ignoring the signs... like maybe selling folks bottled water. Yep, folks will collectively spend three to five bucks for every gallon of bottled water they consume, an amount of water which would costs pennies from the tap, and gripe about the cost of gasoline... count me guilty of that on occasion.
One of the key elements of Assistant is the conversation view. The system will actually speak back and forth with the user to gain the most information in order to provide the best results. The user essentially can hold a conversation with their iPhone like it is another human being. For example, if a user is making a meeting with me, they will say “setup meeting with Mark” and the first “bubble” of the conversation thread will say that. After that, the system will speak back: “which e-mail address should Mark be notified at, work or personal?” This question will both be spoken out loud by the iPhone Assistant and shown as a new “bubble” in the conversation thread. The user will then respond with the email address they want to notify me at, and the appointment will be made. The iPhone will even show a quick glance at a calendar view to confirm the appointment. If the Assistant was sending an SMS, as another example, a mini SMS view would appear so the user has a quick glance at the SMS thread.
I, ever the sugar fiend greedily tore into my ice cream as he, the refined European took to it like a scared bird. I learned to slow down--even if it just involved ice cream. And there we sat. Talking. Not talking. Just being. He did this a lot at home, he said. How mature! How European! Sign me up, please!
Servant of God- for the people for God for his praise and glory. Listens, sees, hears, obeys, follows and leads, reads and gains wisdom, reports to/for God, sees with the Spirit and identifies with Jesus/God.
I think of St Patricks Day
Wood and Vine has built a lot of buzz for their main attraction - housemade charcuterie - and I couldn't wait to try. But my eyes lit up when they briefly detoured to Creamy Grits ($5) on the menu. It's one of those foods that seem so simple, but can be amazing when well executed. And you don't see polenta / grits everywhere - at $5, I had to have a taste. And I LOVED it - the texture was pretty perfect: true to its name, the dish was creamy yet riddled with distinct, 'gritty' bits, served at just the right temperature and flavor intensity. And a fairly generous portion too, for Hollywood prices.
Add the dry ingredients in two additions, mixing just until incorporated – dough will be soft; place spoonfuls of dough onto prepared baking dish then, using lightly floured fingertips, spread it evenly over the bottom of the pan.
So, do you have an idea? What could you do with that idea? How do you plan on doing it? Go for it. It’s worth it. (And, it’s actually fun!)
But if your taste is for outrageous flamboyance and vulgar display, the Gaultier is the designer for you. The show is packaged beautifully with unique mannequins that almost look like real people. The walls are painted black, the lighting is dim and there is some sort of music in the catwalk display. I didn't stay long because I preferred the beauty of the park and the fresh air to this, yet another, tribute to clothes that few of us can afford, much less wear.
This is definitely a challenge you should enter because Jodie is very generous to the winners....1st place receiving 7 bugaboo images!!! 2nd and 3rd place also receive images!! This time of year we can usually all come up with a Flower Power Card!!!
OK, time to get a move on -- Happy Saturday, everybody!
Used to be (like, five years ago) that specialty, one-off beers were rare birds. Most breweries hadn't started a barrel-aging program, and seasonal releases were good for variety, but they weren't particularly exotic beers. When a brewery did release something strange and special, beer geeks flocked to check it out. Beer fests accelerated the phenomenon by giving breweries an opportunity to highlight rarities and special beers. Breweries started developing barrel programs.
To go by the Left’s postmodern strictures, truth is not immutable but subject to a process of discovery. As a practical matter, then, how is a synthesis of the South-African situation to emerge if the antithesis is disallowed?
A children’s store for the American brand, Abercrombie & Fitch has been proposed for the street, which was met with disapproval by the established tailors, who want the street – and the stores on it – to remain true to its bespoke heritage.
And of course, there are two cards since these are going to be the twin's 2nd birthday cards. They are the same yet different, as you can see. I used a Cricut to cut the "2"'s - I thought it would be a fun touch to put how old they are on the card.
I have to say that although I found my BAP tiring, I actually really enjoyed it. I’d encourage others to go with that aim in mind. It’s wonderful to meet new people, from a wide variety of backgrounds, and of different ages and traditions. The regular worship gives the event a rhythm and spiritual space to receive from God, which is a good counterpoint to ‘giving out’ of yourself A LOT by way of written and aural conversation with the selectors. The two ‘sermons/reflections’ we were given by two of the selectors during the event, were brilliantly tailored to feed us, emotionally and spiritually.
84***2. “On Civil Disobedience: Thoreau and Socrates.” Southwest Review, vol. 54, pp. 203-14 (1969). (Sources: Items D-V/10/1964 and D-Fall/1967, below. Incorporated in Item B-2 above, pp. 203-13, 313-16 (1975).)
This May dropop.com is having a GIVEAWAY for the GUYS…Finally somethin’ for him.
Far too depressed and ill for surgery, Sky needed foster care. On that particular day all the Ayuda foster homes were filled to the brim but we just couldn’t turn our backs on little Sky. Ayuda founder, Selaine picked up the phone and called good friend and long-time collabortor, Linda G. at Unidos Para Los Animales to ask for some help.
Greg Ott, Fontbonne University. City Stickers: The Euro Oval Decal and Urban Renewal/Gentrification
I was surprised that the most famous quote is so early on in the book
Got the after holiday doldrums? Me too. It doesn't matter if it was a hectic over scheduled (many years) or a blissfully relaxing (this year) holiday season, I am always disappointed to see the holiday season come to an end. The best way I have found to enjoy January, the least exciting month to me anyway, is make a few simple changes to give the house a fresh look.
If you were sniffing and sobbing during The Lovely Bones, you'll be thrilled with Rosamund Lupton's Afterwards, a novel about the way we misread, miscommunicate, and see only what we want to see when it comes to our loved ones. A novel about the bond between wife and husband, mother and child, and all the other individuals we make part of our family.
See that yellow and pink bag? It’s chock full of nothing but beads and glitter. Ernie and I wandered away from the kids’ section in search of some debauchery but everywhere we looked were strollers and toddlers. Where was I supposed to throw my beads?! Past the art for sale and the puppet animal stalls, past the bead stalls and picnickers we went in search of the fabled Party Gras. We headed toward the press of people on the pier, but when we got there, that’s all there was really. Just lots of people, milling about. There were costumes a-plenty, more than a few pirates, and an Elvis on stilts who sweet-talked all the ladies.
Yet, in our rigid self-righteousness, as reflected in the current National Security Strategy, we seem to overlook the cyclical realities of civilizations throughout recorded history, and fail to give credence to the world views of others. From a domestic perspective, there is no harm in America “drinking her own idealistic bath water” as it pertains to our sovereign affairs.
In winter I bought her fresh vetkoek (fat cake) roasted in hot oil.
Wear again? Yes, but I may raise the waistline as I think it’s unflattering, and it would be great for the beach!
Short short post. I'm sorry I've been MIA for the last week. Last Sunday I made the drive from Colorado to Idaho and have since been bouncing from relative to relative's house trying not to wear out my welcome while frantically searching for a place for my little family to lay their heads permanently (or at least a year). And success! But now comes the unpacking. UGH! Hopefully I'll be back next week so I can flit from blog to blog like a butterfly and sip the nectar of your words (how was that for a sappy and over the top simile?), but seriously I can't wait for things to settle down so I can see what all of you have been up to while I've been moving.
Blog: Holy whoa I just wrote some words and will now upload them. And I anticipate repeating the process in the near future! I bet it's what you never expected, which is, apparently, how the upstanding fellows in this video feel about being On A Blimp.
It works. if you want to make it work.
Normally I’m not a big fan of a lot of “bling” and did choose all three garments with that in mind, though knowing they had some decoration. However, I was impressed with the quality of the decoration. The sequins and rhinestones were all individually stitched on, not glued on like most of the ones you see in the US. In fact I don’t think I’ve ever seen rhinestones sewn on before (these ones had small holes in order to sew them). The sequins also were made of thick crimped metal, not the thin plasticy ones. They definitely a lot more substantial and better looking than what I’ve seen elsewhere. I do not mind silver decorations and this is what came to mind. I was surprised at the quality of the decorations, and they were obviously hand-stitched on (the garment edges themselves were machine stitched).
The one where Gilby gets amorous.
a) You’ve lost track of supposed implications. That isn’t an implication of the doctrine.
I push it with both hands, I stand with my hands on my hips,
“Don’t be absurd!” I snorted. “Queer you up indeed! I’ve a good mind to throw you off the roof and say it was an accident. How would you like that?”
December 14 - Joe Simon, comic book writer (Captain America), 98
Monday - Chicken breasts with butternut squash and kale
‘Does she still work with you?’ I asked. Juliet was like his right arm, and without her…
Also do pop back tomorrow to see my first offical DT card for the Little Claire Monthly Challenge and as always on a sat my DT card for Totally Gorjuss.
Jericho is a television series more notorious for the fan devotion to keeping it alive than the content itself, which is a serious fucking shame. I’m not done with this one yet, but it’s one of fiance’s favourite shows ever, and it’s a show I wish I’d watched hella sooner.
I saw on DoneWaiting.com the wackiest bunch of musicians to gather together to jam since the "We Are the World" Days of early MTV. The band is Tinted Windows and they are made up of the following fragments of famous bands: James Iha of Smashing Pumpkins (guitar), Adam Schlesinger of Fountains of Wayne (bass), Bun E. Carlos of Cheap Trick (drums), and Taylor Hanson from… er… Hanson (vox). He's the medium Hanson.
Better for Baby...
you've got your horn of plenty
We will defend with our hearts
"She moved like a worm. Tried to tunnel. Her mouth was totally filled with dirt like she was devouring it."
Snuck outta nowhere, this man has been working hard and finally is getting the credit. Hasn’t been the best when observing physically, but you put on the film and the kid balls. He making amazing throws, using good techniques, and has great qb progressions. Watch out for this man, he coming to a Miami Florida near you. Gonna be a Dolphin.
Congrats ladies!! Please email me with your address info and I will send you the goodies right away! My email address can be found on my sidebar.
She's here and we're so very happy!
It is the semi-autobiographical story of Wing-Chun Kung Fu Grandmaster Ip, who, by the way, was Bruce Lee’s teacher.
as she feared cancer in various parts of her body. And every time she called me
Hey! Well we are here! and boy oh boy… does nothing prepare you for this place! Its hot, humid, smiley, smelly, friendly and furiously mad.
No, Paris: you won’t be. Because what happened to you is what society needs to understand. Sift thru the stories of transition, particularly young transition, and time and time and time again you will find this nugget: angry young man or woman, violent, given to anti-social behaviours suddenly metamorphoses, thru transition, into a delightful human being.
1/4 c light brown sugar
For some reason I thought I'd ordered later than i actually did so when I thought I was coming up to paypals 45 day limit to make a claim I was actually over it :( so now there is nothing I can do to get back my money (and £40 is a lot of money for me) and as I can't get in contact with Veronica I very much doubt I will ever see my order.
Cute with jeans, shorts, or skirts…these tanks will get you thru the warmer weather in style.
Overall, it was a great experience. My body just feels a little lighter and happier, and I feel like I can better deal with everything that’s going on in life. Have you dedicated yourself to a home practice of yoga or meditation? Has it changed anything in your life?
South Africa was ruled by the National Party, which "according to the media's presentation of it" (and contrary to the truth) was a vile ruthless "Regime". In the meantime South Africa grew and developed more under the rule of the National Party than at any time before or after. South Africa used to be one of the safest, most beautiful, most progressive and advanced countries in the World.
Alf Filer, 55, of the Brent and Harrow UAF, who spoke at the event, said: “When we heard the SOIE was going to return we decided to counter it.
Nicola had left for work extra early, he couldn’t ask her how she felt, or what she thought or if she had enjoyed herself. It confused him that he wasn’t sure if he’d enjoyed himself although he supposed he must have done. He tried to recall the warm glow he had felt imagining Casey on top of him, but felt nothing, just a curious emptiness, as if someone had hollowed out all his limbs and insides and placed a helium gas where once were bones and muscle.
It took nearly an hour for us to settled down. As I lay in my sleeping bag on the bottom bunk, I could hear through the wall — as close as if it were a whisper into my own ear— the voice of the man speaking sweet nothings to his wife, her murmured responses, back and forth, until goosebumps rose up on my arm.
I needed something to finish out our school year (16.5 days left!!!), so I decided that my special ed students need a break from the direct instruction programs....and so do I! We're going to do a novel study on Chocolate Fever. I bought these 2 great units from 2nd Grade Shenanigans and Step Into Second Grade.
Quince and Apple Sauce (from Preserves, the River Cottage Handbook 2, by Pam Corbin)
When writing to your MP, you should do so with the premise of:
But last week we brought home this little lady! I'd visited this particular shelter several times, mostly just to visit the cats and look, and I'd had my heart set about a year ago on a kitty (who has since been adopted of course) and had a little bit of a feeling that I'd want one like her.
I think I had some other idea in mind to share but I have forgotten what it is. Am travelling back in time and re-watching the Poldark series. Still wonderful after all these years.
Borstals were introduced in Britain in 1902. The template was public boarding schools (with very secure locks) and the theory was that if delinquent youths (aged 16 to 21) were subjected to a similar regime of brutal exercise, house masters, dorms, endless lessons and the strict regime of the house system, they’d develop self-discipline and a sense of pride, and turn their backs on crime in a flash.
Their is one major grievance Nintendo fans have had with Nintendo since the early to mid 90′s. Nintendo often does not bring all of its amazing games over to North America or they do so in an untimely fashion. The biggest sore spot for most North American gamers is our beloved Mother. So today in tribute to Mother I am going to explore why Mother and Mother 3 never made it to North America and why the series may never return to North American shores, or could it?
A man who lusts after her - and a man who loves her.
I still don’t understand what was so special about that sign. It marked the beginning of the long wild nasty gravel road. The road doesn’t have much services. There are a couple of gas station far between. All the food and supplies have to be trucked in (which makes them all taste the same). And there is that ever-present pipeline snaking in parallel. However, if needed one can just pull over and camp. No permit required. The driving, like on any other gravel road, requires careful attention and basically a cool head – going slower will allow you to go further. The strange thing is that the highway is not always gravel. It has some sections of asphalt, for some reason. BLM actually produces a very nice free brochure about the highway. It describes the history, all the mile posts, nature, dangers and beautiful spots.
3. Gender question: Is the girl in the third picture, is she problematic for anyone in the business of defining feminism/what it is to be a female in 2010? I consider females to have a symbiotic connection with beauty... is that wrong? Ok, but is anything in consideration of the Hair Aesthetic Matrix a reflection of gender roles/issues?
“Go help her, will you?”
Well here it is my first log. I have changed the look of the Blog to help it be a bit cleaner looking. I still hate the Blogger tools, and the lay outs never work well. I start a post and some thing all ways goes wrong, and lines to not line up any more. You can see this on the bottom of the Old Crow photo. I spent 20 minutes trying to get the line right. Well it work, just not great, and I have tried some other tool and there is all ways an issue. Read, enjoy, comment, and if you have some thing to add, or want to post some thing I will create a guest heading.
I didn't hit the wall at Mile 20. I didn't blow up. Both of those things happened to me during Marine Corps and I knew what that felt like. At Mile 20, quite plainly and simply, I wanted to go to sleep. Three weeks of writing late into the night and waking up early in the morning to go to work all caught up with me. In my last post, I said that training for a marathon and writing my thesis were a bad combination and at Mile 20. I knew it.
Now, what is the USAF to do? Give possession to the CAF which would weaken their stand in a higher court by appearing to not have a place for this nearly rare F-82?
As the head cheerleader dating the coolest Frat brother on campus, Heather (Kirsten Price) seems to have the perfect life. But underneath it all deception and cheating seem to rule the day. When Heather has finally had enough, she exposes the truth about those who have betrayed her on a pirate radio station with the help of her geeky best friend Ralph (Seth Gamble). After exposing the Chancellor’s illicit affairs on the air he sends campus cops hunting for them, looking to expel them from school and lock them up for good. Will Heather escape from her uncertain future and find love in an unexpected place? Tune in and find out!
It is the australian test cricket team of Leap Wireless International. Cricket cellular phone. It can also download them. Cricket podcast makes it necessary for accessing these podcasts, you can simply download the australian test cricket team, news, reviews, expert comments on cricketing issues both normal and controversial are brought to you through podcasts. Yes you can enable them to enhance their knowledge. Such fans can know all about cricket but they always manage to scrap out some time from their busy schedule. For such cricket fans who love to talk about varied elements related to cricket.
To be fair: not every “uncle fan” is a creep, but if we acknowledge that sexual interest IS part of the K-pop girl group package, we can start discussing things like guidelines for the appropriate use of underage girls in k-pop groups. And we can recognize that the "uncle fan" explanation may be true for some men who claim to have "paternal feelings"... but the number of men who truly have only "uncle-ish" feelings is probably fewer than the number of men who claim that's why they're avid followers of K-pop girl groups.
Uh-oh.
2 sliced strawberries
Obviously, all of the pain and joint stiffness has impacted my ability to create art and blog about it - so I've sort of just been doing the bare minimum...meeting my obligations and other than that, just taking time off to take care of myself, because I haven't really been able to do much more than that. I won't sugar-coat it...it's been very disheartening and downright depressing at times, not being able to do the things I want to be able to do or feel I should be able to do.
The first set of three, 90-minute Sherlock movies inspired by Conan Doyle’s fiction--and broadcast during the fall of 2010 here in the States--demonstrated Gatiss and Moffat’s willingness to diverge greatly from the Holmes canon, yet remain faithful to its spirit. We might best call their efforts “creative interpretations.” People unfamiliar with the source material could find value in the rapid pace, plot complexities, and visual elegance of those episodes, while the rest of us--better acquainted with the world of 221B Baker Street--recognized the writers’ in-jokes.
It's okay to have a small circle of friends. The only people who matter in your life are the ones who are going to be around your death bed singing you to heaven.
It has robbed me of my twins, it has robbed my Kenny of a normal childhood and it has robbed my emotional state and way of looking at life.
Still, it starts with the love, the passion, the feeling when you are writing, playing, performing, recording or just lost in the music first.
When the sun goes to the west
the whole world … is a stage
You won the nomination on that lie and now it’s 19 months with 30-50K “non combat troops”. What, they won’t be equipped with guns? They won’t respond in an attack? Anyone in a country where we are fighting is a potential combat troop. The truth is you are following the agreement Bush made.
Fell notes that vertical gardens definitely use much less space, so they are ideal for occupants living in apartments, townhouses and condos, especially those living in large urban areas. The gardens also provide large yields considering their small size, plus the plants are easy to harvest, requiring little bending by the gardener.
Then along comes Pinterest. With a tutorial of how to make your own. Add that to a wonderful mother-in-law with sewing prowess and a love of her daughter-in-law (that's me) and you have a recipe for a Real Women of Pinterest post and a happy girl with a fancy camera strap cover!
James the Less, son of Alphaeus, died either in Egypt or in Jerusalem. His feast day is May 1 in the Anglican Communion, May 3 in the Roman Catholic Church and October 9 in the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Check out more details at My Time Made Easy. We would love for you to play along!!
Red crowd: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH OHMYGOD GO RED KNIGHT AHHHHHHHH
Now I’m paying the price for illogical hope
Mercado (Santa Monica): This newly opened SaMo spot, from the people who brought you Yxta, will be open 4pm – 1am and serving up $6 margs, $3 beers, and very delicious food.
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Life & Limb
Living in a Day-Quil haze today after spreading my tiny wings and flying away last night with the Glitter Chariot. To be honest I didn't do much. I bought some orange paint for Chuck's thighs. I fed the Key Grip's dog. I bought three cases of beer. Still, it was exhausting. Melissa spent 14 hours on set. We slept like statues. Here is an interesting statistic I just made up:
After getting into a brawl with a Singaporean at Chinatown over a staring incident, PRC man Aries Lin vented his anger on the Lion City Forum by hurling all kinds of insults at Singaporeans.
The drone of the teacher's voice put several heads on the desks. But as she sat on the only remaining seat in the back, she straightened her back to stay alert. A whisper came into her ears, so she turned around. It was Zara, who wanted to clarify a question. Dan was whispering back the answer now, but too far for her to hear. She hadn't caught the question either. She felt cold, though she sat directly under the sun, wrapped in a heavy coat.
“Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future,” Hitler said and that was back in the 1940s. Today on this May Day of 2012 Hitler has proven to be prophetic! Who is the enemy that has been demoralized? WE THE PEOPLE! Our Constitution! Our Bill of Rights! Our free Republic! Surprise, terrorism, sabotage, and even murder have been used to further this demoralization of America and it has worked perfectly. We are living the war of the future Hitler foretold of. And that war has NOT taken place via some invading army but it has all taken place from WITHIN our own nation! America has been destroyed from within and we don’t even realize it for the most part. The charismatic radicals on both sides of the spectrum have played their cards very very well.
“I don’t have a specific goal, but as I’m free in music and I myself am music and dance -I wish to be that kind of person. And I wish I could be a being who gives hope to people.”
Highlights include the oldest known copy of Handel’s Water Music, the sixteenth century Pearl Sword (which the monarch must touch on entering the City of London), a stuffed swan, treasures from the City’s livery companies, and another Canaletto work – this time his famous view of the river filled with boats getting ready for the Lord Mayor’s Day, seen as an inspiration for this year’s Diamond Jubilee Pageant and on show in the UK for the first time since its completion.
“This is a fabulous achievement for both the Conservatorium and BlueScope,’’ he said. “This length of sponsorship simply doesn’t exist in the arts, not only in Australia, but internationally. To put it in context, Visa has sponsored the Olympics for 25 years!”
1b) 3X15 Strict T2B – rest 45 sec.
Attach a file
(Entering the Countdown for the First Time) 7.) The Nine Lives of Elfego Baca (Episodes 3-4, 6-10) – Staring Robert Loggia (Jagged Edge, Oliver & Company), this historical fiction western first appeared in 1958 on Disneyland for 8 episodes. Episodes one, two and five were released on DVD in 2005 with the first three episodes of The Swamp Fox as part of the Walt Disney Treasures collection. The final 7 episodes and the theatrical film from 1962, made from the various episodes edited down to make up the film, have never been released on DVD.
Wooden spoon
Ever wonder why no one ever came forward from Obama's past, saying they knew him, attended school with him, was his friend, etc. ?
Happy Monday my crafty friends!! So I think I have done everything I can so far for our move. The only thing left is to find a home (rental) and a job. Well and of course to finish packing but I think everything else we need to pack is actually stuff we would use over the next 3 months and will either be packing and taking with us or throwing away. We took several loads of stuff to the dump last week and a 1000 pound load of stuff to the scrap yard, mostly Tony's tools and such that were old and I promised we would replace with nicer new ones when we got settled in AZ. :-) Now the good news as far as the job goes, thanks to my wonderful friend, Julie, for suggesting I apply at her work I might actually have a job. I can't do anything more with it until it gets closer to our move date but it looks promising. :-) Thanks a ton Julie!! :-) So all we have to do is get Tony a job and we will be in good shape. :-)
Pr'ythee quit this caprice; and (as old Falstaf says)
sombre edge to your notes
Length: 42 pages
Nothing is right: the tea pot
But then the King left the dias upon which he spoke, and the cheering of the crowd lessened slightly. After all, they workers were expecting an announcement of their pay, and at least some of it to be distributed later in the day. Is that not what this celebration was partly about?
3 rows
Chairs are provided throughout the building, including the still-intact theatre boxes, where customers can dip into books before purchase, and there is now a café on the back of what was once the stage. The ceiling, the ornate carvings, the crimson stage curtains, the auditorium lighting and many architectural details remain. Despite the changes, the building still retains the feeling of the grand theatre it once was. The Guardian, a prominent British periodical, named El Ateneo second in its 2008 list of the World's Ten Best Bookshops.
Whatever you learn is worthless unless you apply it. I felt equipped to maintain the character needed to sustain leading my team with an entrepreneurial leadership style that Dave encourages. Its one thing to read a business book and get all hyped up about some new method or networking practice.
I have designed this special workshop as part of the Crimson Coast Dance Society’s celebration of Deborah Dunn’s “4 Quartets” dance performance, which will occur the following weekend on May 19.
He said to the other man What did I tell you about farting in the shower?
I: Yeah, the . . .
Return two of the empty bottles to the carton, leave one space empty.
Show starts at 7pm sharp, no dvr so if you come late you might miss the beginning.
Some farming tips:
3. BUILD AN AUDIENCE
Where to buy? Drugstores
1. Heat the oven to 200C (180 C fan oven) gas mark 6. Line a 12 hole muffin tin with muffin cases.
guess interesting people don't sell!
Yeah. Really. I know. I know I sound like I am over-reacting.
What are we Christians known for? A good question. There are the quick to the surface answers, which people have in mind when they think of us, particularly evangelical Christians (as I am) here in the United States. And hopefully there would be different answers with more thoughtful reflection beyond the surface.
A few days after returning from their third trip, Jo was arrested, she suspects a neighbor informant told the authorities on them. The following day Han was arrested also, she never saw her husband Jo again. They kicked and beat Han with wooden rods and crushed part of her skull, then placed her hands on the hard concrete floor and stomped on them. Then, without further explanation she was released, she was three months pregnant.
Proving me wrong, or proving they were absolutely correct became an overriding destination in their soiled minds.
This was not an easy question. For starters, there are a lot of holidays. Through the year’s 365 days, there are approximately 1400 holidays, even more if, like me, you pretend every time you eat cake you are celebrating something.
Megan shot me a scathing look that left me cowering. “Just because you’ve been too busy trying to be a dick to notice the rest of us.” She did that ‘tsh’ thing that girls do when they’re exasperated and stalked away, leaving me once again doing my zombie act at her back.
Well... yes. Unless you realize that it is much crazier for the momma to be at home with eight children and no food.
“Can you by wine here?” we ask the hostess. (Being a proud, card-carrying Italian with that passionate and spicy blend of the Sicilian and Neapolitan in my blood, I realize as soon as I ask that inquiring if you can purchase wine in an Italian restaurant is like…asking a Catholic priest if he believes in the Immaculate Conception.) “Yes, of course.”
You might have noticed that stunning sidebar button for the upcoming tour. Starting May 21st I'll be giving away some amazing signed books by fantastic authors so be sure not to miss it! You might also have noticed the new Contact button located on the bar above. Though it is set up for reviewers, anyone can fill it out if they'd like to get a hold of me for an interview, feature, or if they have a question.
Now, yes, I understand that Mimosa is subgrouping of herbs and shrubbery. Let's be honest though--show of hands--how many of you thought about the breakfast beverage of OJ and Champagne rather than a member of the legume family? Especially when you pair it with the word "River."
This last week, during performances, we have had the lights brought up on set too soon, so we were still on stage doing a reset, a door on the set broke and wouldn't open at an important moment, and a large scenery truck decided to get stuck fast so we couldn't move it onto the stage. More troubling than the doll's legs, but still, we kept calm and carried on, because that is what you do.
Jude the Obscure, Part 1 – Two star-crossed lovers defy social norms in Burning Coal’s original two-part musical adaptation of the 1895 Thomas Hardy novel. Adaptated by Ian Finley, Jerome Davis, and Bruce Benedict. Directed by Jerome Davis. Presented in rolling repertory with Part 2 (opening April 19). This week: Thursday-Saturday 7:30, Sunday 2:00. Continues through May 5.
I love vintage paper doll sets, and just by accident I found this wonderful blog that has tons of them for you to print!!!! The blog is named http://bonecasdepapel.blogspot.com. I looked and can’t seem to find the name of the owner, she(?) is from Portugal and I am amazed at all of the wonderful paper dolls she offers!!!!! Here is a set that I got that is Santa, Mrs. Santa and the elves and reindeer. Too cute!
A good development squad featuring a number of young Irish riders. Keep an eye out for them at the Tour of Ireland and the Tour of Britian (if they get invites)
That's about it really. So I think I will close this blog with the song I was thinking about when I was writing this blog.
My Grandma's Birthday is coming up at the beginning of February. I learned my lesson with Christmas, so I'm going to try to be ahead of the game so I have time to mail my creations.
This primer can be worn with any foundation and it is infused with Vitamins A & E and Grapeseed Extract. So not only, you'll achieve that flawless makeup you've dreamed of, but your skin will thank you too!
I also loved the private individualized conference. It allowed the student to read their story to me aloud and then I asked them to tell me what they liked about it and what they would improve. Then I used a sticky note to jot down my thoughts. I gave at least one compliment and at least one area for improvement and sent the student back to their seat with my ideas. I can't believe I've never run a conference like this before. (Oh yeah, I can. I'm always too busy doing reading supports and guided reading to fit in that many conferences!)
While it was actually a bit tough your intrepid reporter managed to cajole four students into giving us their views on this most pressing of issues.
Yes. Thomas got 565 first-preference votes (and about 261 transfers). Point to me.
Poor weight gain
By the turn of the century, the ambitious Cole seems to have outgrown his partner and began collaborating with a pair of brothers, also named Johnson, and much more up to the scale of his abilities. His performing partner was J. Rosamond Johnson, who played piano and sang harmonies with Cole. Both wore tuxedoes (and no black face) when they performed, and this class act, like Walker and Williams, was among the very first African American acts to play “white” vaudeville. Their behind-the-scenes partner was James Weldon Johnson, later a famous author, poet and U.S. consul to Venezuela. The two Johnsons and Cole wrote songs together in various combinations. Their most famous one today (the one with the most longevity) is “Under the Bamboo Tree”, used so memorably by Steve Martin in The Man with Two Brains. After penning songs for several Klaw and Erlanger shows, the team decided to create their own productions. To raise money, they worked the big time vaudeville circuits. In 1910 Cole collapsed as a result of his venereal disease, and he passed away the following year. The Johnson brothers went on to become major figures in the Harlem Renaissance with decades more of professional triumphs to enjoy. Frankly, they deserve a whole book of their own, their many accomplishments being outside the scope of this little squib about a vaudeville team.
These Badger ciders are contract made by Thatcher’s. I don’t know whether they are “real” in the bearded sense of the word. I tried to find out using Google but the technicalities of the definition put me into a boredom induced coma. Read it for yourself and decide here, then tell me. Whether “real” or not in the bearded sense of the word they are real in the philosophical sense in so far that they tangibly exist. They are also products of authenticity and tradition being as I’ve said before actually made from apples and pears. So will I like ‘em?
“And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation.”
Paul Foot wrote a book on this election “Immigration and Race in British Politics” and, though an excellent journalist, he could not overcome his prejudice to give Mr. Griffiths a fair examination. However, he did note Walker’s hypocrisy and commented, ”The racial bitterness stirred up…could well last for a generation. For this Patrick Gordon Walker must take his share of the responsibility.” He quoted a Birmingham mp, “look at Patrick. He never left the subject alone.”(1) Walker had issued different election leaflets for each ethnic group. While he was preaching against race discrimination, Smethwick Labour club operated a colour bar! Mr.Griffiths told the Birmingham Evening Mail, on 24/9/1964, “The Socialists are attempting to obtain the coloured vote because they think it will hold Smethwick for them.”Many current attitudes were pre-figured in this election. The recent suggestion by Trevor Philips, head of the Commission for Racial Equality, has suggested young Black boys need schooling separately. This is similar to a suggestion by Peter Griffiths in February 1964, when in response to complaints from white parents he proposed to hold special classes for Indian children who could not speak English for three hours a day. They were to be taught by their own teachers in English, maths and science and then rejoin the others for games and crafts. He was accused of trying to start Apartheid in local schools!
I went inside and found the walls adorned with dozens of photos of the Community Center and it’s many events and uses that it has had over the 70 years since it was built. I went to the wall that Leo had directed me to and quickly found the photo that he had described.
From their Legend:
Finally, as many forgettable commercials and marketing campaigns that the big boys have had, A-B came through with some commercials that can be cherished:
typed fictitious, ranting.
2. Eat, prepare, and purchase more whole foods. Learn to make fruit leather (we love this stuff!)
By the time Baby Man came he wasn't the first number ten to have been conceived. I had long since learned that a positive pregnancy test did not guarantee a baby in nine months. I held my breath and again waited for the tell tail signs of loss. I started with the hours, which passed to days, which passed to weeks, and then finally to months. Nine long months of waiting to see, of holding my breath.
½ head iceberg lettuce, shredded
Then my grandmother goes and dies! Not that I didn’t see this coming. I said my goodbyes to her knowing full well that she wouldn’t last much longer but if she was going to go three weeks after I left, couldn’t she have done so while I was there and while I could make it to the funeral and see all of my family? Being in Korea means missing another big family event and I haven’t even had time to mourn properly.
But not for ever, I’m afraid. When the builders finished working on our own house, Hampton Haze fell silent as if it knew what was coming next. We packed up and left, then it was empty again. Every morning I’d look up at its golden windows from our house in the village and feel its reproof. It had given us everything, and we’d abandoned it like a lover who was of no more use.
It was rather disappointing this year to see that no progress has been made on the second phase of the project, which would double the size of the wind farm. Sadly, the windmill towers, generators, and blades were delivered over a year ago, and here they sit, a huge investment in materials awaiting funding and scheduling to become productive.
"Living on the edge" usually doesn't include being able to cash in stocks and bonds because poor people can't afford to speculate in the stock market. Instead, poor people raid their kids' piggie banks, dig into the couch cushions and count pennies, sell their cars so they can get on welfare, thereby crippling their ability to get to a job interview and to a job so they can get off welfare.
My crafty mate Sheila, who is with me today, has NICKED them already and is Ooooo and Ahhhhhh all over them !
Not looking forward at all.
Catholic apologist and prolific author Dave Armstrong has compiled his writing on the Eucharist and the Sacrifice of the Mass, from 15 years of Internet dialogues, into a Scripture-packed 23 chapters and 222 pages.
And, after I forwarded the critique to the IBO, the official behind the report told me "we remain confident in our methodology and results."
My short story ‘The Strength of a Promise’ is now available on kindle for 77p so when you have time for a short read please take a trundle over there and download it to your Kindle. Here’s the blurb to give you an idea of the story.
Dress: Peach lace tunic top worn as dress from DOROTHY PERKINS
So, go and ask the Universe for your requests. Remember to say thank you, and always honor yourself.
Why was it written? What divine purpose did God intend? What truth is God seeking to convey? What is the theme of the book?
Jisan Valley Rock Festival performance
4. Kinda Tortilla Soup. Heat 1 cup broth. Add the juice from a lime wedge and a few drops of hot sauce. Tear up two tortillas and add to the broth. Any leftover cooked vegetables or frozen vegetables like carrots, spinach, or onions may be added. Heat until boiling. Top with grated cheese, chopping scallions, pieces of chicken, and/or cooked shrimp. This is definitely the best way to use stale, dry tortillas.
elude and evade the male gaze, even as they enthrall it.
Racial stereotyping, unfortunately is still with us. Certainly, there is less of the negative stereotyping of African-Americans that was typical fifty years ago; but one stereotype persists -- that in politics, blacks are a monolithic bloc that invariably supports liberal Democrats. As popular as the liberal Democracy is among African-Americans, that appeal is not universal.
I asked for a submission and a very ordinary print was going to cost me close to $13 dollars per book. And that is for a paperback, regular-ass paper, ordinary cover (no french flaps etc…) the minimum print was 24 copies, which added to $312. I didn’t want to charge $20 bucks for a book, even fifteen seemed like a stretch to me. I was going to lose money over this…
A good GM doesn’ t need to be an Obama-esque orator, or a Maryl Streep caliber actor, or a Terry Pratchett skilled writer. They DO need to be able to clearly communicate an idea, lead a discussion, and sell a performance. For some GM’s (myself included) this means doing silly voices, using props, and making faces. For other GMs, it might mean writing descriptive text they can read aloud when the players encounter a new NPC or location, or wearing costumes!
Truly, this is a beautiful castle, fit for a queen.
It’s incredibly frustrating to be seen as only one aspect of who you are, especially if the popularized version of that aspect isn’t yours. No-one is just a woman, or just a person of color, or just … anything else. We are all puzzles made up of hundreds of different pieces that make us all unique, and no two people who happen to share a biological trait are going to be the same in every other respect–or even in how they experience that trait. Ain’t nothing wrong with drag queens, but there are millions of gay men out there who’ve never even been to a drag club in their lives. They count as gay, too.
The hypothesis that I work on is somewhat based on the Third Wave Cycling thinking and supported by the City of London Cycling Master Plan from year 2000. From the research work that went into the plan, the plan puts forth the assumption that cycling mode share is bought by investment in cycling infrastructure. Prague is an example where the investment has not been made and the cycling mode share resembles that of Metro Vancouver, excluding the City of Vancouver.
Paper: Graphics 45
As the teenagers were walking out, Tuttle said that Savage heckled them and called them pansy-assed.
Faerie List:
All smoke, mirrors, and total bullshit, my dears. As a matter of fact, "healthcare for all" is headed in the opposite direction. Last week, the U.S. House of Representatives voted to do away with Medicare (the health insurance program for those 65 years and older), for all those folks under 55. That will change 36 times or more, of course, because neither the Pres nor the Congress can get their shit together.
Smooth skin?
4. Agnes the Sheep: William Taylor
... at Casa de Chaos. Though, with my thyroid out of whack for the past few weeks, coupled with the minor stress of last Thursday's doctor's visit, I haven't quite been up to blogging about all of it.
Solution.
In the end, I saved well beyond $36,500 and I never once felt like I deprived myself along the way. I felt only like I stopped the financial leaks (like dinner with Chad) and found creative ways to use up what I already had (art supplies, a desire to paint, and gifts that I loved to give). I still went to movies because I loved going to movies. I still ordered my coffee just the way I liked it even though I knew I could save more if I had coffee at home. I still bought clothes, but less of them and at a higher quality. Even if I paid more. I still donated to causes I loved. I put a lot of paintings up for charity auctions.
"Mommy, come to the window and see the snow family that Mr. Whitcombe and I made this afternoon." Emily took her mother's hand and pulled her to the window, telling her how nice Mr. Whitcombe was. "He is just like Santa, with his big white beard and his fat tummy."
Otley - a relatively new brewery with a relatively small output - are a massively hyped firm.
A minority perhaps but nonetheless a surprising number of Deaf, are illiterate. Think of the horror of this. You’re being arrested. For what, you don’t know. In fact, you may not even understand the concept of arrest at all. First thing – they cuff your hands behind your back. The only communication you know is now gone. It’s as if they had gagged you with duct tape. All kinds of shouting, hitting and intimidations are going on – and not only can you not understand them, but they cannot understand you. Finally, they figure out that you’re deaf. They search the cruiser and come up with a postage stamp sized scrap of paper and a pen that doesn’t work. They tell you to write what you have to say, but you can’t write! You’ve been raised speaking with your hands – speaking as a first language – something completely alien to them.
The rides started as a fundraiser to build up a scholarship fund in memory of SSG Nathan Vacho. The rides also are in honor of two other Rusk County natives, SSG Patrick Lybert and LcPL Andrew Matus, who gave the ultimate sacrifice in Iraq or Afghanistan.
1) "Honky Tonk Badonkadonk" - Trace Adkins
Anyway, I'm sure you're not visiting to hear about photo editing. Oh no, you're here for the cute clothes!
I have two classes-Research & Behavior Theory. I am doing ok in both, but better in the Theory class. I have missed the Research class so many times, and attendance doesn't count towards our grade. I am having a harder time grasping this class and add not going to class for being ill or whatever is not helping. I know this, I really do..and I have a project due that I am supposed to do with a group, some of my friends. I am letting them down as well as myself.I may end up doing a project and presentation by myself, I wouldn't blame them. I don't know if I can do a project on a subject I don't really understand...but I have to try. I don't want to get by I want to do my best...to be proud of myself and for my kids to be proud. I have to finish and do well enough to continue...it is all I really have. Why am I sabotaging myself?I feel like I cannot move, like I am even afraid to try. Procrastination is an understatement! I need to get up tomorrow and overcome whatever is holding me back...do my homework, face up to my group and figure out what I am doing for this project for April 19th. I need to be stubborn and do whatever it takes to get the work done for both classes. Ok...that is my confession for today...hopefully I can move forward and look back at this and know I fixed it!I know my depression is kicking in and physically I have had some stomach issues again as well as headaches. It is all tied to everything....I can't let this be the end of my dream.
This is just an illustration, if you are looking for best practices…
In many people who are paralyzed due to brain damage, pandiculation causes their otherwise immobile limbs to rise and flex automatically. This suggests that yawning activates undamaged, unconsciously controlled nerve connections between the brain and the cord motor system. Hopefully, science may some day discover a therapeutic value of yawning for people with such conditions.
Conserving Now: Jackie G
I cut slashes in the front of the jeans (making sure not to cut through to the back). I started a few inches below crotch level and stopped about 3 inches from the bottom so you couldn't see my socks through the slashes. I cut the slashes pretty thick at first but then added more inbetween to make them thinner.
6. IF YOU HAVE A BAD COUGH, TAKE A LARGE DOSE OF LAXATIVES. THEN YOU'LL BE AFRAID TO COUGH.
Just opposite our gate, on the other side of the lane, is a large deep blue patch of forget-me-nots. The colour is amazing and it is such a joy to see them on this dull day with a bitterly cold East wind blowing. It is also a joy to hear the blackbirds singing away - the weather doesn't seem to bother them at all.
As a home owner we face many difficult decisions. One of the most difficult – should I add a sauna or a hot tub to my home?Explore some of the benefits and short comings of each in the article.
Of course, in his other, parallel career as a magazine gag cartoonist, Jack Cole was required to develop a more stylized signature, as was the custom. Nonetheless, his signature was very simple and unadorned. Here’s his “Jake” pen-name signature from the mid-1940’s:
Even though we couldn't be there for her birth, I got to spend a week getting to know her after we returned home.
The third blind man touched the smooth surface of its tusk, and was impressed to discover that the elephant was a hard, spear-like creature. Fourth came a man who touched the elephant’s legs, and therefore decided that it was like a tree trunk. However, the fifth man, after feeling of its tail, disdainfully announced that the elephant was nothing but a frayed piece of rope. Last of all, the sixth blind man, standing beside the elephant’s slowly flapping ear, felt of the ear itself and determined that the elephant was a sort of living fan.
