The regional design center plan has been put on hold. Instead, the focus is on exploring efficiency and cost-cutting measures at the individual properties, including The Denver Post.
She can call a lifeline, can't ya? Can't you ask for help?
he thought, ‘Is she frigid —
How ironic is it that the day we are supposed to blog about R is the day my husband and his friends plan for us to go rock climbing? Haha!
3 - Prima Flowers - Tattered Treasures Barley
Rather than focusing only on how to lessen heart risks, “it might also be useful to focus on how we might bolster the positive side of things,” said lead researcher Julia Boehm of the Harvard School of Public Health.
ACCORDINGLY, respondent Atty. Enrique Empleo is hereby REPRIMANDED with WARNING that a repetition of the same or similar act will be dealt with more severely.
I would make no stakes that this is an earth shattering composition, but the SOUND and Diane's sweet, lovely vocals make for a very pleasant listen; I can't get enough of this Detroit sound, personally!
…Certainly over the years Stephen Harper has worked hard to shed the perception that his Reform party/Conservative Alliance/Conservative Party were full of extremists and crack-pots.
My Two Cents: Ali’s final choice helped bring ABC to the top of the list, giving The Bachelorette both the first and third spots. NBC had a strong showing as well, thanks to football and America’s Got Talent. Overall, no one seems to touch CBS, although this time around the network only landed eight spots, when they usually cover more than half.
"Okay. I'll stay little!" - Eliza
The weather was shocking with temperatures down to -5, thick snow underfoot and snow flurries in the air.
Have you hugged your vampire recently?
Lack of mojo in pants?
The next morning, to wake up, drink coffee, eat a fresh sheep cheese polenta, who wants, can drink a glass of Horincă before, to come appetite.
During the 100 days we’ve only met fans through the teasers, but now finally we’ve finally got a chance to meet everyone in person! Not only that, we’ve got to interact with a lot of you through the fanmeet and birthday party, and I’m really glad about that!
Date of birth: 2006
Turns out Grouse Mountain is still all wet and cold, so there is a change of plans. Let’s bike around Stanley Park! The Seawall offers beautiful views on Vancouver Harbour and English Bay, a bike ride gives you fitness and energy. Exchange the city life for nature and outdoors for a day, join this perfect spring activity!
In truth, I think that original novels and their on screen counterparts should not be compared, or at the very least I think that I should not compare them. I am too harsh, too brutal and too critical when it comes to films; I give the novel a revered position that some times it may not merit.The novel and the on screen adaption should be viewed independently: if I go to see such a film with an open mind and a bucket full of curiosity then I usually come home in some way satisfied.
Today is Thanksgiving Day in the U.S., and I'd like to wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving, whether you're celebrating today or not.
1 fireman
For a start it is not a clash of Titans, any more than the first film was - more of a boundary dispute between Olympians. It is mainly about Perseus, a demi-god or hero whose story has many variants. This however did not count as one of them. You can't say just because it's mythology anything goes. There are some changes which maybe you can justify because of the demands of the medium but some are just wrong.
Also, starting April 27, our "Firkin Friday" will feature a special cask-conditioned beer at each of the Orioles' Friday night home games.
*Ball is a favorite word. As a matter of fact, I should probably start counting how many times he says it a day! He is obsessed. His cousins gave him a BIG basket of balls for his birthday, all shapes and sizes, and he plays with them often. Ball is the first thing he says when he wakes up and usually says it when I rock him to sleep sometimes. He doesn't prefer to be rocked anymore. He knows and loves his bed.
And, if you need some further persuading to seal the deal, take a look at our preliminary program (attached; please remember that some modifications will happen between now and then) and consider these extra value opportunities:
Oh…my…gods… I sat down heavily on my bed, my breathing had stopped, but I managed to utter, “Yes, of course.”
Taahira
Sigil, the home base for the setting, is a perfect example of introducing "weird" into a game. Basically the place at the center of the multiverse, with doors to anywhere in the prime material and outer planes, the possibilities within it are potentially endless. What really strikes me as amazing is the city's layout. Shaped in the form of a torus like ring, one can literally look up and see the city wrap around with buildings above them. The city wards themselves change at randomly making it really impossible to fully ever map. And of course, there are the doors themselves which lead to pretty much any plane of existence one can think of. Some being hidden, open, locked, etc. The possibilities for adventure in Sigil alone seem endless.
Last night at BYU Women's Conference the congregation was singing the song "As Sisters in Zion". It was the second verse when the words hit me hardest, and now I don't think I'll ever forget or ignore them again.
Mr. Geiger, a white Evanston native who graduated from high school in 1970, acknowledged that, in those days, the main Y “did not have a very welcoming feel for blacks.”
"Much like the way we develop friendships over a period of time, an entire generation of advertisers will need to plan their marketing scenarios around the concept of building relationships. We often meet new acquaintances through friends. We chat them up, maybe catch them later at a party with other mutual acquaintances, discover we have similar interests, and, before you know it, we’re all packed up and off on a weekend ski trip together in Vermont."How absolutely charming. We're all cozy and snug in our little weekend ski chalet in Vermont.
HAPPY HAPPY JOY JOY!
I've never done this before, so, we'll give it a try. I'm linking up...
The children found that physical damage was the only sure way to distinguish themselves from their sibs. They took up the practice in secret, without knowledge of the project team. It went on for almost a year. They did a good job of keeping the secret among themselves. The researchers never discovered it. The children finally abandoned it themselves, because there just didn’t seem to be much point.
There are a hundred ways that the terror of the genocide continues to ripple through our lives, but none is more explosive than the cruel, hard fact that we beat and rape Indian women as if they were utterly without value. Consider these numbers:
Date of Origin: Thursday May 05th, 2011 approx. 02:30 PM
In response to my inevitable and incorrigible backlog of reading – I just finished a writing review of a book sent to me 3 months ago—Skip Fox told me to read 10 pages of everything (though not necessarily the first 10): if it grabs you, keep reading, otherwise, move on to the next. Just keep reading.
Now you know what to get me for Easter! x
What do you think? Are there more rules we as gamers should be following? Comment on the Podcast and leave us your feedback.
My first review. That was pretty amazing and what the reader said was so sweet and sentimental, it kind of blew my mind that she felt the story like she did.
The NKS B-programme EcoDoses project starthued in 2003 as a collaboration between all the Nordic countries. The aim of the project is to improve the radiological assessments of doses to man from terrestrial ecosystems. The present report sums up the work performed in the second phase of the project. The main topics in 2004 have been: (i) A continuation of previous work with a better approach for estimating global fallout on a regional or national scale, based on a correlation between precipitation and deposition rates. (ii) Fur- ther extension of the EcoDoses milk database. Estimation of effective ecological half lives of 137Cs in cow’s milk focussing on suitable post-Chernobyl time-series. Modelling integrated transfer of 137Cs to cow’s milk from Nordic countries. (iii) Determination of effective ecological half lives for fresh water fish from Nordic lakes. (iv) Investigate ra- dioecological sensitivity for Nordic populations. (v) Food-chain modelling using the Eco- sys-model, which is the underlying food- and dose-module in several computerised deci- sion-making systems.
I think I will use at least one watch cases and the Nails at "Art Is You " as for the rest of the stuff .... Ahhh the Ideas swirling round in my head .....
Neither here nor there,
As always, feel free to share information from this blog with others. Pass it along, reprint it in your newsletters…all I ask is that you give me credit and include a link to the blog. Thanks! Cindi
Besides having the best name, ever! this beer pours a brilliant straw-tinged amber color with a vigorous off white head that leaves webs of lace all over the tulip.
Installation of was successful.
The evening was spent in a rooftop bar shivering in fleeces ( a pleasantly novel sensation) and sipping G+Ts as we watched the sun set over the mountains. A great reward for a tough morning.
One day after a suspected kidnapping case happened in Ang Mo Kio Hub, a 10 year old boy was almost led away by a stranger outside his primary school!
And realisation of it rages out
Enjoy and hope you're inspired to send a card or two!
‘Yes! Exactly!…’
That’s not to say it’s easy. Her mother is quietly furious about it (and about other stuff, too), and still insists on buying Lee those awful pink/purple sweaters that mothers buy even when they should know better. (Ah, flashbacks to my teenage years, when my mom bought my tomboy sister shirts with Peter Pan collars to the point that it became a family joke.) But by the time Lee knows she needs to leave this world — and that she needs to choose, not run — we just feel overwhelmed by the self-possession, the determination, of this new human. I can hardly wait to see more of Oduye.
My second card sample was created using the Our Daily Bread designs "Vintage Background" embossing plate. I placed the wax paper over the embossing plate, covered the wax paper with a piece of scratch paper, then ran through my Cuttlebug. The pattern transferred really well from the wax paper...love it!!!
I shall reveal to you now how to tell if your script is RFG. First, give it to a couple of friends. But before calling them to get their reactions, make sure to plug in your “friends always react more enthusiastically than they really feel when they read their screenwriter friend’s script” variable. In other words, if they say, “I thought it was pretty good,” it means they outright hated it.
At the moment, the value of an object supersedes the value of the person who creates it. While Nike spokesman Tiger Woods is paid more than $55,000 a day for wearing the corporate logo, the average Indonesian worker is paid just $1.25 to make the gear that Woods wears, activists say. A Thai worker in a Nike factory would have to work for 14,000 days or 38 years to receive the same amount. Shifting the focus to the Value of Life would put an end to this nonsense.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to go into panic when things don’t go my way as I have planned
Once I've transferred the captured thoughts and recollections, I cross through the page (or part-page if there's more than one subject per page) to show the future-me, who may be looking through the Blog-book, that we have committed it to Demon Box.
7. Don’t buy a car unless you have to. My first car cost me $2, 000 to buy. That was cheap. In the first year of owning my car, I spent about $3, 000 on fuel, registration and services. My car eventually got written off and I didn’t get a cent for it. That is a HUGE price for a small amount of extra freedom.
There are some easy ways to keep this skill in shape:
170 – Alex Garcia (7-1) def. Matt MacGrath (10-7) by KO (punches) at 0:34 of Round 1.
It has not been an easy road for him. He goes to church when the kids are around sometimes but mostly he has abandoned adherence to the values and principles he was raised on. I fear for him that he has hit his critical stage and given up on himself. In his case he did not rest on his foundation when the trials came he abandoned them. When he could have done something to save his life as he knew it he told me “he couldn’t see it” and did not have faith. And now perhaps he is not able to forgive himself for what he did and is suffering the consequence of his actions. Perhaps God is trying to get his attention through the trials. All I know is I would not want to trade places with him.
The film opens on a city street. A kneeling and bloodied man is being doused with gasoline by Bumpy Johnson (Clarence Williams III) while Frank Lucas (Denzel Washington) watches, calmly lighting a cigar and then throwing the flame at the man lighting him on fire. Frank then shoots the captive man, killing him. We then see via text that the film is "based on a true story."
As we were walking, there were a couple of narrowboats navigating the stretch of locks, queueing as each was opened and the water dropped and/or rose to allow smooth sailing. It’s a perfect opportunity for trying out some more water shots, and I flicked to shutter priority mode to try some misty water effects.
I use the singular form on purpose, even if the popular unrest that has coursed through the globe in the last year has manifested itself plurally. North Africa has just seen an overhaul and overthrow of old regimes. Syria is the next stop surely. The Occupy movement which began life in Spain with "Los Indignados" (The Outraged) mushroomed instantly and took hold of other cities such as Toronto, New York and London. Online, groups like Anonymous are bent on embarrassing national governments with their pranks. Everywhere you look there's something happening or about to happen. However there's a single narrative running through these subversive acts that seem to have sprung up almost simultaneously: a fairer society where there's more respect and consideration towads our fellow humans. The question is: why now?
I hope you have enjoyed my project! Have a crafty week!
Our neighbor's forsythia is spilling over into our yard, and I just love it. Must plant one myself, I think...
Or to lean on...
Some people’s interest in language is concentrated on the spoken form but my interest extends to the written word. I want to read works in the language of the author so that I can feel truly connected to their thoughts touching me across space and time without the blurring interpretive layer of translation. In every language I find wealth in the manner of literary expression. If you think about a German concept such as Heimat (home, heartland) and how that has influenced so many writers in that language you see that some ideas cannot be transmitted adequately in translation. Each language crumbles, deteriorates, rejoins, reconnects and rebuilds at its own pace. Trying to get to grips with written Japanese lately has been a labour of love as I see how there are so many ways to write different things, the character set lends a shape and beauty to the language that the roman alphabet cannot provide. I see this before me on the page and I want to embrace it but all but a small part of the meaning escapes me. A journey of ten thousand steps.
Hot Rod Vampires by Demented Are Go
Building A Product With A Small Team
The work in progress park has a pleasant cozy feel. But bring your sunblock because all the trees at this time are saplings and there is absolute no shade to be found.
It has been proven that the poor do save in multiple ways, such as stashing cash under a mattress, giving coins to your neighbor to guard, and purchasing large items. (To learn more, read Portfolios of the Poor.) Unfortunately, these informal ways of savings can be risky, so the poor also need better access to formal savings products. This is where Grameen Foundation comes in.
The teacher never gave us any indication that anything was wrong. On report card day, The Pudge had to wait 2 hours until we got home from work, and then proceeded to have a total melt-down including hyperventilating. The Mrs. and I were furious with the teacher and school. That weekend, we wrote a very detailed letter to the guidance counselor and principal (not the teacher). We got a fairly quick response back from the principal and set up the appointment to see him on Triple Whammy Friday.
May you feel forever blessed
Nature Study: Make a Lunar Calendar
There are a few things you should know about maintaining trees in containers over the long term. For best health and growth, light, soil choice, root maintenance, watering habits, and nutritional supplementation are the most important essentials, in no particular order.
Into a medium bowl, sift flours and salt. Whisk in 1/2 cup chopped pecans, set aside.
Korie is keeping us busy with basketball. She is doing very well at that. In the Fall she played volleyball for the first time, she thought it was ok. Her school work is going well, I am so lucky that she can just do it without much help.
Attitude is everything
He correctly points to a lifetime pattern of behavior and testimony by Obama which indicates a complete lack of regard for the U.S. Constitution when it restricts Obama’s political agenda and lust for power.
Amazon UK: 295
We always find ourselves bothered with such spiritual things, but we always have to be aware that we are not the owner of our lives. There are spirits out there who can turn a man’s life upside-down, destroying it into pieces.
Opted for the sleep in today so we missed the morning shows, but with our new found energy we managed to stay out late for the mens show. It felt as though today was a lot quieter than the previous two days of fashion week. The media pit has decreased in number quite considerably, which unfortunately however didn’t make finding a clear vantage point any easier. Here are some photos from the runways today, they feature Oroton, Hardwick, Kooey and An Ode To No One. We hardly have any time to post photos and write anything with substance while we have been here, by the time we get home after all the shows and get all the photos together we are pretty sleepy ! However there will be plenty of posts to come once we are a more settled back home.
The latter pages of the book focus on the area’s institutions and neighborhood landmarks, such as BAM, Fort Greene Park and the Prison Ship Martyrs’ Monument, Wallabout Market, Pratt Institute, St. Joseph’s College, Brooklyn Technical High School, and even the Brooklyn Flea, a relatively recent addition to the neighborhood.
It's funny- sometimes you don't even know what you need until a friend as perceptive as Pam, takes the time to ask the right questions. Just the fact that she read the book and then wanted to talk to me about it...I am not sure I can put into words how deeply that touched me.
There are two things to learn from this experience.
Though the charity was branded a global terror organization by U.S. officials, charges against it were dismissed when it became defunct after Seda’s 2003 departure. Other former U.S. associates of the group are suing the government for wiretapping their phone conversations without a warrant. A federal appeals judge ruled this spring that those wiretaps broke the law.
So the clip below (and many other places) will have you believe that the best part of this book is the part where she talks about pooping in space. But seriously - that's just one chapter and every part of this book is golden. (Although every time anyone says the word "residue" I will think of poop.)
In 2000, we were assessed at $142K.
The book contains much more in a similar vein, and while for the most part we are spared gruesome depictions of the reality of the early to middle Soviet Union, anyone who has read Solzhenitsyn's Gulag Archipelago will be able to put two and two together. For instance, in the White Sea Canal project, one of the most notorious of Soviet crimes, in which some 100,000 forced laborers died, "[a]ll the top leadership positions were held by Jews" [p. 199].
Rapid manifestation in the material plane is the result of the ability to harness our supernatural power within the physical framework of the natural world. It is merely the byproduct of fully grounding our expanded potential (Light) into earth. As we anchor and ground our potential, we naturally increase our ability to manifest, which is why the present moment is so vital to our success.
my baby's first haircut.
♥ Milani Baked Blush in Berry Amore.
60. My heart combination is LOVE! =
The One S has tested better than the Note, the Droid 4 and the LG Spectrum in both Browsermark and Quadrant. Quadrant tests everything from the CPU to the memory to the graphics, and while all three of the aforementioned Android phones stayed well below the 3,000 mark, the One S scored an impressive 4,371.
The year 2011 is gone and the time has come to reflect on the year I've had with this wonderful blog. This year was a bit more off and on with blogging than the year before. In 2010 I had 110 blog posts and for 2011 this will make number 65. That smaller number of posts has included a variety of writing topics, challenges, a couple blogfests, new blog announced, a month long event and other stuff included.
One thing you won’t read a lot about in this volume is the Brooklyn Navy Yard, which was deemed beyond the scope of this guide and deserving of a book of its own. The role the Navy Yard played in shaping the character of the neighborhood, however — particularly the working class part known as Wallabout, is given its due.
Sam Adams Cream Stout
Wagar G, Tolonen M, Tanner P, Helpio E. Serum gonadotropins and testosterone in men occupationally exposed to carbon disulfide. J Toxicol Environ Health 1983; 11: 691-701.
The moment she managed to sit up on her own after weeks of trying. These are all moments that I think parents enjoy.
10 Cabinet Secretaries Notebooks. The eleventh Notebook (CAB 195/11) (released August 2007) covers the period 3.12.52 - 26.2.54.
Then which ISO values should we set?
He’s far from a powerful or explosive blocker, but rather is a finesse lineman who offers enough strength to supplement his great technique and quick feet. With his nimble athleticism, he’s shown throughout his career that he has no trouble pulling down the line or getting to the second level to take out a defender in open space. Durability is going to be the biggest concern with Andrew, as both of his shoulders have been operated on and could be a large reason why he falls in the draft. He had surgery on his left shoulder at the end of his junior year of high school and his junior year at Florida State, and surgery to repair his right shoulder ended his senior season after just four games. If Datko can add some strength and have time to develop, the Packers may have found a steal in round 7.
Psycho Mafia – The Fall
Heavy Seas - Loose Cannon
As I grieved the caretaker came and began digging a new grave. What was left to bury I asked? With tears in his eyes he quietly said. This one is for Hope. With out Love at her side she will no doubt die.
8. Now or never, here we go...
As usual, I've presented the dishes in order of main ingredient and we begin with:
I use it to read email, surf the web, play games, watch movies, read books, draw and colour, and view photos. It is a very versatile gadget and I really enjoy playing with it.
--iNot only protects your iPad, it also holds iPad in the perfect positions for typing, viewing slideshows, and watching movies.
Important Clarification to Sundays Sermon 4/29/2012Dear Berean Family,By now you may know that my words, from Sunday mornings sermon, about effeminate behavior in children are being completely taken out of context by those in the LGBT community. Nearly every article is misquoting me.Clearly, I would like to have been more careful with exactly what I said, but sometimes I say things without enough clarity. I trust you understood my intent in the context of my total preaching ministry. If you did not, I would be more than happy to meet with you privately to provide clarity. Just reply to this email. I provided clarity to the Fayetteville Observer today, but I cannot be sure they will accurately report my words. For the record, I want to ensure everyone that I do NOT believe physical force is capable of fixing effeminate behavior or homosexual behavior. Parents should not punch babies or children. Ultimately only the gospel of Jesus Christ has the power to deliver one from sexual immorality and behavior including effeminacy;
l Mr Andoh’s Pennine Diary by Stephen Curry and Takayoshi Andoh is published by Royd Press, Hebden Bridge and available at Fred Wade, Halifax and The Book case, Hebden Bridge.
This game was played in 10-under Category in NOPSSCEA. And his team University of St. La Salle – Integrated School played against UNO-R.
Active standby
“I don’t know, Harper, I’ve never seen him.”
If you're interested Marianne has info about it up on her blog. You should go take a look. I highly recommend this class to anyone looking to take their marker art to the next level.
Joel Hart:
When I sat in the bathtub to rinse it out, the water looked like I had had a massive case of diarreah! It was hilarious. I rinsed the henna out, and used cheap VO5 conditioner.
How ya gonna keep them down on the dairy farm? Let them take a look at Detroit
The lady sailors will be at Amherst this Saturday to compete in the Comet Relays starting at 9:00am.
“The Saudi Arabia of wind is right here.”
As someone who has been on both the consulting and client side of marketing for many years, I know how quickly you can become overwhelmed with everything you should be doing. Marketing tactics are constantly evolving, technology is moving at the speed of light, keeping up with social media is a full time job and since you know that next marketing department re-org is right around the corner, you are also constantly fighting to make yourself relevant, knowledgeable and valuable to your employer. And that doesn’t even count doing your day job. How do you balance all of this and still get some sleep at night?
The weightier issues in life…maybe not so much just about weight for a woman but self-esteem and insecurity in general. The BMI calculator says I could stand to lose another 15 or 20 pounds, minimum. Maybe that’s what’s keeping me unsatisfied…that number that I want in the “normal” range.
Last week I picked up this guy at the Salvation Army.
Is that something a Latin man would take for granted?
I feel so bad to have left you this long dear Blog! Not that I haven't been creating, I've just been preoccupied. I've still been dropping by to see what you've all been up to. I've just been a little silent.
Reilly stopped writing and ran an uneasy hand through his hair. They had all been so oblivious to the situation. Ignorantly stumbling around like inapt monkeys trying to seal a leak with bubble gum. Except Jacobs, he was the only one who saw the writing on the wall before they rest of the world. If they, if he rather, had just taken him seriously, maybe, just maybe, they might have, had a shot at containing it before the dam broke. He wished he could apologize to him, tell him how much he had meant to him, now it was too late. After Greer was brought to the morgue a nurse who worked at the hospital was brought in with unexplained symptoms. She had been found on a city bus acting erratic and confused. Paramedics where called to assist and found her to be void of natural life. No breath sounds, no heart beat, no blood pressure. In a panic they rushed her to the hospital, where more people came into contact with her, infecting themselves with what ever pathogen was responsible for all this. Because she had been a staff member she was quickly whisked up to ICU, while down stairs in the emergency room a man who had been brought in as a DOA was discovered flopping around on a gurney. It took hospital staff days to connect the two patiences, and even longer for administration to contact the CDC and have the hospital quarantined. It silently spread through the hospital like wild fire. Rescue workers, and medical staff never stood a chance against it, no amount of precaution, or protective gear staved off the disease. The gestational period was different from person to person.
But it is impossible to measure the success of this unit by charges. It’s about a different way of thinking, Mellor said.
I started a post a few days ago about how my digital camera, my video camera, and my television had all DIED or gone kerfluey within a couple of weeks of each other. It was called "Despair at the Best Buy," and it was supposed to be a funny, Seinfeld-ish musing on the purchasing of new technology when all the other fucking electronics in your house are too old and breaking down to support anything new. But, I got halfway into it, and it just sounded cheap and whiny, so I bagged it.
* Rhys' first attempt at a set of "first words" flashcards . . . in which he called the (yellow) pencil "manana", the cup "coffee . . . HOT!" and the star "moon". He got most of the deck right, but the "wrong" answers were far more interesting.
When Black Friday comes, I'm gonna dig myself a hole
can use it to destroy Apostate America and then destroy Islam as He destroyed
What do you think I should do???
Randolph’s death in 1895 hardly slowed Jennie down. In a period when most women were expected to be in mourning for years after their husband’s death, Jennie quickly sought a change of scene and took an extended trip to Paris where she took up with the American politician Bourke Cockran. (Incidentally, Cockran was known as a great orator, and it was his oratorical style that most inspired Winston’s considerable skills in this area. “He was my model,” Winston once said of his mother’s American paramour.)
“We are at a point where we can’t trust the board with the finances of the SABC.”
The eye of God should be ever in our eye; this would be as a counter poison against sin: nor is it enough to prune sin, viz. to cut off the external acts, but kill the root. Crucify complexion sins; let not thy heart sit brooding upon sin. Again, let God’s omniscience deter thee from hiding sin. . . . Men think to walk in the dark, and to carry their sins under a canopy, that no eye shall see them: as those that have bad eyes think that the sky is ever cloudy, whereas the fault is not in the sky, but in their eyes; so when the prince of the world hath blinded men’s eyes, because there is darkness within, they think it is dark abroad too, and now the sky is cloudy, God cannot see: but remember, all things are naked: do not go about to hide sin: confess, confess, it is a work proper for the day. Confession doth that to the soul which the surgeon doth to the body; it opens a spiritual vein, and lets out the bad blood. The only way to make God not see sin, is to see it ourselves, but not with dry eyes; point every sin with a tear. . . .
In such situations, name / brand recognition is a very useful strategy for the political parties. If the party nominates the spouse / offspring / sibling of a famous and popular politician, low information voters might say ‘ah, this is legacy of the great leader, cool, will vote’. At a sufficiently local level, if the scion of a well known family is nominated, voters might say ‘ah, everyone from that family has done well by us, cool, will vote’.
- dancing - you stand up holding on to something as a crutch and move the music.
This just in (courtesy of Henry Cabot Beck). Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment’s MOD program has announced the latest round of its MGM’s Limited Edition Collection. One of them is Joseph H.Lewis’ The Halliday Brand (1957). This is a picture I haven’t seen in eons. With Lewis and that cast, I’m looking forward to seeing it again.
Happy Birthday, Max.
I wanted to know how he managed to survive, let alone prosper, in the age of e-readers and the mighty Amazon. Over coffee, Jeff shared his original insight that led to his strategy for buying the store.
Sky: "Hey, Sophie. We're forty five minutes into this movie, and I figured I'd show up to remind everyone I'm your fiance."
Pete Ashman, of Philadelphia, was among those at the Lexington hemp seminar, where he displayed a myriad of hemp products, from food, to toilet paper to shampoo. He claimed, “There’s nothing greener on God’s earth.”
Venable JR, McClimans CD, Flake RE, Dimick DB. A fertility study of male employees engaged in the manufacture of glycerine. J Occup Med 1980;22: 87-91.
Maria and Derek picked Henry from the troupe for their samba. Derek wanted to do something that's never been done before on DWTS - Bollywood. This was so neat! I loved it! What a performance! Carrie Ann and Bruno loved it, and Len said he would give it a 10 if he were judging a Bollywood but he's judging a samba and didn't see it in there. How low will he go with his score? Yikes! 7 Score: 25 = 53
I've been watching baseball since the mid seventies (although, I'm sad to report I've watched very little the past few years). So, I knew the Astrodome was a big deal. I knew it was the first of its kind and mega expensive for its time. However, I recently acquired a 1966 booklet entitled Astrodome: 8th Wonder of the World, and, holy crap, I had no idea the level of orgasmic enthusiasm over this thing. When they say its the 8th wonder of the world they actually mean it!
I second that emotion.
We have arrived at our very luxurious hotel. I have wifi!
Now, go eat that pork roast and those black eyed peas and cabbage! (Moogie is preparing cabbage and Brussels sprouts because we can use every single dollar the Fates can spare!). The Lord helps those who help themselves!
Run Van is the first of 3 running events of our 2DreamRunners 2012 campaign to support Make-A-Wish by raising $8,000 to grant a wish for a child with a life-threatening medical condition. For us, the marathons symbolize in a very small way, the challenge that these children face – although the kids didn’t choose their path. Barry will be running the full and I will be running the half marathon. We feel lucky to take part in “RUN VAN”!
While traveling incognito
236.2 R
It’s no fun to run when you’re cold, and it’s windy, and your hands are freezing but your body is too hot, because you maybe have one (or three) too many layers on.
Dharma Volkswagen van: $47,500
True. I don’t want to do drama anymore, the drama everyone seems so willing to do. The mind stuff. The asking of the questions. The pointless ups and downs. That’s when I know it’s not meant to be. But still I dwell in it. And then…then comes that moment of crystal clarity, where you see the truth in all nakedness. The moment you realise it was a figment of your imagination. The moment you very easily let go,:)
Amrik and his uncle Dr Ajay Mehra, a medical practitioner in Faridkot, met Burney a few days ago. Hope rekindled after Burney assured them of all possible help to secure Surjit’s release.
So that's where I am today:
c) Chocolate Pie Dough: Substitute 1/4 cup of flour for 1/4 cup of cocoa powder, and add 5-7 Tablespoons of superfine sugar. Proceed to follow all the steps in the preparation of Pâte brisée.
This is a little Hello Card using the Spice Cake DSP.
This song is dedicated to the girl at the disco, the club and the prom who everybody wants’s to make it with. She so fine that everybody want’s to get in her pants. That’s what her life is all about – teasing all the young boys, like everybody else would have done in her place. Then one day she meets this dude, who is so cool and so cold, that she’s interested in more than just a one-night stand. Oh by the way, that’s “the dude” singing this song. It took us about 3 months before we got the song and the arrangement right, and Hollaback Girl by Gwen Stefani really played a huge part in writing it..
Size: For 7-8 people
Just want to mention, before I forget, that there is a restaurant across the street from the Mesa Convention Center. Don't bother. It may be the lesser of two evils when you consider the food from the Center itself, but it's not worth it. I don't even know the name of it--that's how memorable it was!
1. taken from a talk I presented in Hamburg last year. I am now working on a journal article expanding on Tarde’s notion that the brain has an innate capacity to imitate.
I have to note the allegations of racism that have plqued the film over the years. Some have claimed the final, most evil version of gremlins were a negative steretype of blacks. They ate fried chicken, listened to loud music, break danced, and were generally unruly and perverted--all racost stereotypes of blacks. If one is attwempting to see that sort of thing in it, then yes, it looks that way.
Ah yes, the nerf. Something I’ve been considering while PvPing on the paladin… PvP players must find all this talk of nerfs completely hilarious. There’s no way to nerf battlegrounds, and while some specs do get nerfed for PvP and yet others are simply screaming for the same**, it’s rare that the content itself becomes any easier. That’s because the difficulty level is dynamic, based on the players competing.
Original Air Date: Jan 26, 2012
Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him. 1 Peter 3:22 (KJV)
The magnificent production at the Norwegian National Opera of Monteverdi's L'incoronazione di Poppea (The Coronation of Poppea) by director Ole Anders Tandberg is now ready for an international audience as a TV Opera Drama. The musical level is high, and the director shows that he ranks among the very best in Europe today. The (some traditionalists would say) extreme production actually enhances the musical experience and makes Monteverdi accessible to an audience who might think that an opera from 1642 is bound to be boring. But in addition, the TV production is so intelligent and stunning, all in black and white (except for the colour red), with creative use of camera angles and subtle use of editing effects like jump cuts, slow motion, fast forward etc., making it the best adaptation of an opera I have ever seen on the TV screen.
Given the constrained nature of the scenario’s set-up, both in terms of time and place, there is a surprising amount that the player characters can do. There is the means and capacity to investigate, just as if they were ashore, and perhaps the opportunity to prevent one of the disasters that will befall them rather than the ship. Of course, they cannot avoid the iceberg, nor its disastrous effect upon the Titanic, and the two hours in which it takes the ship to sink forms the scenario’s climax. If the fact that the ship is sinking is not enough to trigger the investigators’ survival instincts, then the fact that they are being hounded by something outré really ought to…
Now we learn more about Chaekyung. Her home is chaotic--her dad is a jolly house husband, while mom became the uptight breadwinner after Dad's business went under. When they all learn of the old king's promise regarding the royal marriage, there's a cute scene of Chaekyung debating whether to get married or not as her family goes crazy in the background, hoping she'll agree. (There are some identical conversations in Boys Over Flowers, where the family is thrilled to have their daughter get close with a rich guy, and where mom especially insists that money is everything.)
one of my favorite months of the year, not only cause 3 people in my family are born in this fine month, but yes.....March Madness! I love it and I can honestly say I'm a little bit of a nerd. YES I printed out brackets and handed them out to people in the vicinity where I reside and YES I did blow up a special bracket to hang on my wall....
I was in bed for much needed sleep shortly after.
We would love to see you take on the sketch so please link up. We love looking at all the different ways you interpret the sketch.
makes 36 small bites (plus more for snacking)
Emile Tempere – Bass/Vocals
We decided to stop for a night cap of ice cream (I wasn't too cold to eat ice cream in the warmth of my apartment) and rent a movie. I topped my ice cream with fresh strawberries and peanut butter cups. Perfection!
ADD 1/4 cup of batter to each muffin cup
Concerned at the lack of zombies in the just-release reveal trailer? Don’t be. They’re coming. This is what studio head at Treyarch had to say. Zombies are going to be big here, and “It’s our biggest, most ambitious zombies ever”. No multiplayer details have been revealed, but he did say ”we are really pushing the boundaries on multiplayer,” and its big enough to have “it’s own reveal”. There will be deep Call of Duty: Elite integration, so whether you love it or hate it, you’ll have to enjoy. Hopefully it will be available on PC before Black Ops 2 drops.
I just don’t like to admit it. I want everyone to be all they can be. I want to help them get there any way that I can. The problem arrises when what I want for someone overshadows what they want for themselves, or what God wants for them. I guess I get a little excited and do more than listen and make suggestions, what’s worse, I might even get upset when my suggestions are not heeded.
"I suppose because he's -- well, because he's different, Meg."
1 misgiven
The documents include memos stating broad strategic aims but little “hands-on” planning, according to sources.
SO BRILLIANT!
I’ve finally started getting my pipes in. What’s this got to do with growing veg you ask? Well over the past few months I’ve been planning to have a go at growing some prize winning veg on a very small scale concentrating on a few carrots and parsnips (the long carrot experiment part II, some of you will remember my pathetic effort last year!).
1 notice
Oh, the wolverine said, “No, no, I wouldn’t do any such thing. I need the fire.”
MOM AND POP HEDGE FUNDS
Asian pear trees (Pyrus pyrifolia) have existed for an estimated 3000 years in their native Asian regions, working their way into sayings and parables, and eventually becoming a well-known symbol of spring. They were introduced to North America in the 1800's by Chinese agricultural immigrants who landed in California.
HTTPS Everywhere is a free Firefox and Chrome extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure.
I just wanted to play with the materials and not try to make it look like anything. I am going to do more stitching and maybe add some beads.
Selected excerpts below.
Today, Andrew C. Hudson is joining us to talk about his novel, his anthologies, and the world he is creating through his books and short stories.
Like that's something to be all happy about.
if you're taking a pic in a tiny mirror,
Of those 3k plus unit 838 are vacant, many of these vacant buildings are uninhabitable with tall grass, litter surrounding the houses, boarded up windows, falling bricks, crumbling side walks and many other issues that are too many to name. In the O’fallon neighborhood the average home sells for about 44,600k, the household income is about 16,324$ and the average household size is roughly 3.6 people. Below are a few of the blighted properties that line the debris-filled avenues of the O’fallon neigborhood.
Well, I've been swimming in a fabulous outfit (talk about looking good in a swimsuit)
The roads themselves, in other words, would follow and frame constellational events in the sky. At the end of every street – if you could see past the Dunkin' Donuts franchises and the endless car parks and the redundant, publicly-funded football stadiums that sit there in the off-season, empty, like expensive bowls of air – there, perfectly aligned above the abstract symmetries of concrete and tarmac, are the stars of Gemini, or the blinking double-lights of Algol, or Orion's belt playing hide and seek in an arc behind the Barbican.
The thing is, these are all really lovely but can they take the place of a real book? I mean, when you're sitting up there in bed with your iPad or your kindle, reading the e version of The Hunger Games on your computer screen and sniffing your Library candle as it sends wafts of paper scent through the room, is it really going to be as good as an authentic book?
In seven years I have yet to eat a hot meal in a restaurant.
Up until now we have done little of a touristy nature. This is just our home in Buenos Aires and there seems little point in even getting my camera out, in what after all is my back yard. So today we thought we would head down to San Telmo, see some of the colour and mix with los touristas.
In Florida, only fourteen months after Crist handed a major victory to teachers unions, a new governor, Rick Scott, signed a radical bill that could have the effect of replacing hundreds of teachers with computer avatars. Scott, a favorite of the Tea Party, appointed Levesque as one of his education advisers. His education law expanded the Florida Virtual School to grades K-5, authorized the spending of public funds on new for-profit virtual schools and created a requirement that all high school students take at least one online course before graduation.
Symptoms: So halfway through week 37 I woke up one morning and BAM...it hurt to walk. My pelvis was totally sore and it hurt to move. I'm totally just sucking it up now (it hurts more and more every day) and am hoping that baby will just come soon. Heartburn and Braxton Hicks has stepped up a notch again (who knew it could?!!) so I'm up a lot at night because I'm so uncomfortable. I'm just really grateful that I don't have work anymore!
Hubby and I along with another couple are the organizers of a pancake breakfast fundraiser at our church. Not only do we have a fabulous pancake breakfast, but we also have a $1 kid raffle, religious education tuition raffle, and silent auction.
Convenient then they repent
So....I am a great believer in online dating. I should be its poster child, well not child since that is an entirely different sort of online dating, I should be its poster young but not to young woman. I loved it when I was single. It was like window shopping. Yes I realize that I may have just compared the men I went out with to shoes but they were almost as enjoyable. I loved being able to talk to someone either online or over the phone and then see what they were actually like in real life. I was really lucky and met some amazing smart, funny, good looking men online. Yes I did meet some that wanted to become a woman (but only the boob part, he still wanted to keep his penis) And some that claimed to run illegal counterfeit operations with the Chicago police department, but on the whole I got pretty good at weeding out the crazies and getting to the really good men.
I'm hoping you like these as well as the "on location" ones, let me know your thoughts, I'm actually really liking it since I feel you can see the outfit better.
Alan Moore (through the fictional autobiography of a retired superhero in Watchmen) identifies “the repressed sex-urge” of the pulps (“I’d never been entirely sure what Lamont Cranston was up to with Margo Lane . . . .”), sensing that these heroes and their fiancées were not entirely “innocent and wholesome.” Writers like Walter Gibson and Norvell Page couldn’t depict sex, but they sure knew how to imply it.
No snow in the city, just yet.
These rooms' presence inside the buildings will thus be kept a secret; no one will know that they exist, let alone where they all might be.
Look closely if you dare and see the blonde lock of hair sweep over his black eyelashed, sapphire blue, eyes.
Workbox/File 1:Geography Map (Pledges and Geography with MOM)
Grilled salmon
A few weeks ago, Anne asked me if any of the pictures from my 2008 wedding ever ended up in an album. Oh boy, did they. What they ended up in is a hardbound 11 x 13 wedding album nay, volume, with a glossy dust jacket and hundreds of wedding photos spread out over 126 glorious, premium-papered pages. And the only thing more crazy than having such a hefty, museum-quality wedding album, is the fact that I did it all myself.
One very interesting thing that I found out about Gauthama Maharshi in the Siva Purana, is that he was Anjana’s father. And Anjana is Hanuman’s mother. And Hanuman or Anjaneya is every child’s favorite, from Valmiki’s Ramayana. Hanuman was a Vanara. Many children like Hanuman not only for the wonderful things that he did, and his nice nature, but also for his very long tail. We know now, that Vanara means forest dweller and that the Vanaras were definitely human, by the species definition. But we shall keep this knowledge in a small box, put a lid on it, and continue to love Hanuman with a long and handy tail, just like the centuries of Indians loved him before us. There, that is decided! After all, we are not muggles!
coloured with promarkers and flexmarkers
I promise to avoid grouping people people by clique wherever possible, despite the fact that we do actually live in a world that in some ways isn’t that different from the judgmental caste system that is high school. Also, no hipster bashing. Despite my deep-seated hatred for people who wear straw hats instead of bicycle helmets. YOU’RE SHARING THE ROAD WITH CARS, NOO-NOO!
12.- Parents must make the Christian training of their children their own personal duty.
The Story- At fifteen Pierce died.
It still seems completely inappropriate to me that the BFS decided to let the sponsors of this category pick the entire jury, but I have to admit they've picked good people. No disrespect to the other contenders, who have all produced interesting stuff, but it’s hard to see anyone but Chômu winning this award, given the quality and quantity of their books.
Maternity clothes: Now that my bump is out and proud, I’ve been wearing more tight-fitting shirts to display it more prominently. This is coming in handy since our winter has been unseasonably warm, and I’ve had to put my sweaters on the back burner. I can wear most of my pre-PG shirts as long as I use my bella band to add more length.
And they are five times more likely to suffer from certain cancers…
Photography and Enlightenment had begun a intriguing relationship.
Playwright’s Note:
I put more money on the phone account and I’m now patiently waiting to see if you’ll call me today. You usually call me by now when you call in the mornings, so I’m guessing you either don’t know that you can call me, they’ve actually let you out and you’ll call me soon from your mother’s house, or you’re too high on the ledge to call me. I hope it’s not the last one. That last one keeps me up at night.
I read the following quote by John Gill. "Christ is the donor of peace, of external peace in his churches, and of internal peace of conscience, and of eternal peace in heaven." Isn’t that good! When something is settled, afterwards there is a time of peace, like a death, a wedding, childbirth, reconciliation after an argument, or whatever. When Christ died and was buried, then He arose and later descended. My friend, it was settled! The middle wall of partition was broken down. Finally, peace came as the Peacemaker bridged the gap between us and God. Who is my God? Oh my, He is the Prince of Peace, MY Peacemaker!
Without soil we all would go hungry; without soil we'd live without shade;
Now, as to the matter of kill ratio. That’s not the point. It’s not a sporting contest. You ask yourself, “What is he doing to me?” – not in terms of the damage but in terms of the danger.
"The story has a Doctor Who sensibility to it," says Jim. "There's a real sense of adventure and fun to be had. Something parents and kids can both enjoy."
SO...Even if we forget about me for a while...hard as that may be: we have Obama, a strong prospect for change in Zimbabwe, end in sight to Guantanamo. And yeah, I know all about the Crunch, disease, pestilence and poverty (happy now?) but I'm praying for silver linings all round.
Invention definite. What does mordent mean,
__The museum is always in search of new ways of representation of its unique collections. For example, at present the employees carry out the nightly excursion “Golden Scythia”, which not only acquaints visitors with the display but also helps to enter the symbolic world of tsar’s Scythians, covers them with the atmosphere of mystery and grey remoteness amid the unique Kyiv night.
MOVIE QUOTE: Karl: I like them French fried potaters.
4. Remember Customs. You’re no doubt aware that when you travel internationally, you’ll need to go through Customs when returning home. But where you clear customs depends on whether you are on the aircraft operator’s Border Overflight Exemption (BOE) program. Getting you an operator’s BOE could take as long as two to three weeks, and you’ll need to provide passport information for every passenger—so allow enough time. “The BOE is particularly important for non-stop flights,” adds Clayton. “Check to see if your provider offers a BOE program. Otherwise you’ll have to stop to clear customs at the first point of entry into a country, possibly delaying your return home.”
We pulled into a rest stop in the town of Copley for another picnic lunch, nice wraps this time and whoo hoo we had a covered area with tables and trestles for all of us. While we were there a caravan pulled in. "Thats my blog!"
With a word she can get what she came for.
I've made some crazy resolutions now.
More time for me to explore on the bike. More time for Sue to cook the produce from the day's market shopping.
Where is it that
The Queso Fresco is packaged in one- and three-pound vacuum packed wheels; the Panela is vacuum packed in one- and three- pound sizes; and the Requeson is packed in eight-ounce and one- pound clear plastic tubs.
official media in his country don’t say anything about the issue.
Turning to the title of this blog, there may be some that chose not to carry on reading this but instead judged the content by the title alone. It may be a controversial title but what is even more shocking is that there exists people who truly believe that women are slaves and this sort of activity can be tolerated. We can turn a blind eye and plead indifference or we can choose to act and help put an end to this.
3/4 tsp. dried oregano crushed
Surprisingly, no! Gordon Munro made quota (1566 votes) in the first round: Chas Booth by the fourth round: and Adam McVey made quota with transfers from Rob Munn in the seventh round. No point.
During his career at Frontenac Carnegie also was a team MVP in track and rugby. He played in the 2011 OFSSA Rugby Championships and qualified for the EOSSAA Track & Field Championships three consecutive years in the 100 & 200 metre races. Carnegie will join Frontenac teammate and DT recruit Kevin Thompson in Guelph.
The winner is Rita Mae Reese for her triolet "Terrible Holy Joy: Reading the Norton Anthology of Poetry In Bed."
I'm not sure why an unusually elongated, not to say emaciated, cow seemed the best way of advertising the merits of ice cream. It's perhaps no more sinister than its more literal cone-based siblings, but it udderly failed to put me in a holiday moo-d!
Yeah…flashbacks are a whole other bag of beetles, but let’s just say that most of the time they are not necessary. We do not need to know why a certain character did this or that or why a bad guy went bad. Again, that’s for therapy.
we became like our makers ,, masters --- disruptive destructive depressive
Old Fashioned
With the release of the book, Dave also presents various goodies from “the Vanguard Files,” including a peek behind the curtain at the series’ genesis with the “bible” he wrote as part of its development. See how things looked at the very start of it all, before he (with an occasional assist from me and Kevin Dilmore) starting mucking up everything.
Pasa que
Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #1,543 Free in Kindle Store (See Top 100 Free in Kindle Store)
Hi everyone, thanks for coming back. Please scroll down for the MTME Pretty Pattern #57 post, too.
Tofu Salad
There are hurdles in marriages, no doubt. But they can all be overcome and won, in Christ. Whether it’s 5 years, 10 years, 20 years, 50 years, any Christian marriage worth the commitment has to have God above it, between it, and all around it. And if the Christian marriage has a purpose, it has a desire; to not let the Devil win. Not let him tear down walls; disrupt the stability of teamwork, God’s plan within the marriage.
I have a younger brother who lived and travelled with us and unschooled. He was 6 years younger than me, and he went back to public school seamlessly.
True holy affections will surly lend themselves to desire the means of grace such as Scripture, singing, preaching, and prayer, but such acts can be exercised upon wrong motives. Some are simply hard workers with “simply a disposition of temperament and not necessarily and grace at all.”[3]This can be seen in the vain religious acts of the Israelites (Isaiah 1:12-15), and especially with the Pharisees.
Joyce: Yes.
Three months is generally a point at which things looks less than wonderful. New jobs become familiar and new relationships lose their shine. This vagabond life has had the edges worn off, and I'm looking forward to stopping, but I'm also quite comfortable being beholden to no place and no person. This form of travel is the ultimate indulgence in selfishness and freedom. My time is mine own, my decisions need refer to no one else for approval or compromise.
I've got a lot of medical and spiritual tools in my bag that are traceable back to my monthly meeting DFM. He never asked me to be anywhere but in the moment and really examine what was happening as it was happening. For people like me who are depressive and living in the past or fearful or catapulting into the future, Momentarianism- the land of living presently with thought is the perfect to built a house of wellness.
I haven't posted for a few days because;
Final score:
A program can not be limited with a linear sequence of code. There have to be some repetition of same code for particular number of times. To make this repetition we use control structures in all languages mostly.
“Jesus!” I screamed as Childa rapped my car window. I hadn’t even seen her come over. Was I really looking at her?
We call on Taco Bell to clarify their position on this issue. Consider an a la carte menu option. Allow us to enter the food preparation area and construct the mass ourselves. Remove any number from the name of the product, and call it simply the “layered burrito.”
All told, an ideal stocking-filler for someone who won't be offended by jokes about masturbation and prostitutes. Available in the UK from Amazon.
As time went by, Mike and Mike became completely replaced by the Dan Patrick Show. On mornings when I chose not to be lazy and nap in front of the TV with M, I found myself choosing to do sedentary work on my laptop (in lieu of housework which requires movement) so that I could strategically place myself in view of the TV so as to not miss the Dan Patrick Show. But the day I can say I officially became a fan of Dan Patrick was when his show aired the morning following
I miss Lester. A lot.
Initially we had a very hard time coming up with a good term for that group of people. At first I was prepared to cave in and let it be called “speculative materialism,” Meillassoux’s term for his own philosophy, even though I am an anti-materialist myself. But at some point a few months before the event, Brassier came up with “speculative realism” instead, and I loved it. He and Meillassoux both eventually soured on the term, for different reasons, but I’m still quite fond of it.
This past weekend, I went to a class at Cook. I'm not sure how to describe it totally, but Cook is a studio that has about 12 seats around a horseshoe bar that wraps around a kitchen area. They offer a variety of classes with various teachers. Back in March, Jo saw they were having a Baking with Beer class and so bought it for me for my birthday. The teacher was Liz Begosh (as you can see in the picture above) and she has a bunch of experience using beer in various confectionery concoctions.
For the day the SPX/DOW were -0.55%, and the NDX/NAZ were -0.95%. Bonds gained 4 ticks, Crude slipped 15 cents, Gold added $1.00, and the USD was lower. Support for the SPX drops to the 1372 and 1363 pivots, with resistance at the 1386 and 1440 pivots. Short term momentum hit quite oversold during today’s decline. Tomorrow is options expiration.
More reporters are using blogs to instantly update news stories and communicate with readers. While making sure that a newspaper’s blogs are accurate and free of embarrassing errors is important, overlooking some journalism rules is OK.
Alexia is described as a proper Victorian young lady so she would be properly dressed in a late 1870s gown over a bustle. I initally got out my Victorian bodice pattern and started to alter it so it would extend lower on the hips the way you see cuirass bodices after about 1877. However, it became increasing clear that I would not be able to finish an entirely new dress in one week. At this point I decided to make a couple of new items and go with more of a steampunk look using items I already had. I started with a long black brocade skirt that I often wear for dressier steampunk, a short sleeved chiffon shirt that works well with underbust corsets, and what I call the Medusa corset. This is an underbust corset I made to wear for Halloween as part of a medusa costume, it is constructed of garment weight black leather and a shinny copper/green lizard skin-effect plastic that comes in approximately 6 inch wide strips. I have no idea what the original use of the plastic was, but I got it at the bolt end fabric store in my neighborhood in several differnt colors/effects. The new pieces are a draped green overskirt, the addition of green lace on an existing top, and a parasol like the one described in the book.
After a slight miscommunication about where the place was ("Oh! You're in the South Side? I thought you said the Strip!"), we were ready to go. We got our fancy climbing shoes, and signed the form. I told her, "You don't need to read it. It just says you won't sue them if you fall and die". I'm a fountain of encouragement, aren't I? Just for that, she made me go first. I had to stop a couple times and consider 1. If I was going to be able to get my huge feet in the next tiny crack. and 2. If my arms shaking from exhaustion were going to prevent me from continuing.
That day will never break,
17 skirts
Cloudwine Cellars is, by their own definition, a ‘fiercely independent wine merchant’ and is one which does a particularly good sideline in craft, independent and other hard-to-get beers as well. As a beer lover I guess I might describe it as ‘a gold mine of very fine beers in a beautifully presented retail environment staffed by blokes who know what they’re talking about and know that it is the customer who pays their wages and who also apparently stock some nice wine as well’. But that’s a bit hard to fit on a business card.
As for getting the the brioche dough into the tins with the little ball on top, I used the technique from Sarabeth Levine's book. She does a great job of explaining how to get the brioche to bake up just right and even provides pictures.
“I’LL TAKE SIX!!!”
This ‘family’ vibe is all over Crooked Little Thoughts – some tunes are sparser of course: the Tex-Mex ‘Our Town’, the Nashville ballad ‘The Spell is Broken’, the Bakersfield boogie ‘Dustbowl Blues’ – but every tune has just what it needs; the gumbo cooked up from the amazingly rich pantry of the Sorrows wonderful instrumentalists: Rockwiz’s James Black, jazz guitarist James Sherlock, tenor man Wilbur Wilde, drummer David Jones.
As you hop from blog to blog, be sure to leave a comment at each and every stop because some lucky stampers will win packages of these incredible stamps from the new release!!
The world is used to bad news and always has been, but now and then there occurs something so brutal, so outside the normal limits of what used to be called man’s inhumanity to man, that you have to look away. Then you force yourself to look and see and only one thought is possible: This must stop now. You wonder, how can we do it? And your mind says, immediately: Whatever it takes.
In a small bowl, whisk together the eggs and cornstarch until the cornstarch is completely absorbed. Whisk in 1/2 cup of the half-and-half. In a saucepan, combine the remaining half-and-half, sugar and salt and bring to a boil. Whisk 1/2 cup of the hot half-and-half mixture into the eggs, then pour all of the egg mixture back into the boiling half-and-half, whisking constantly. The mixture will become very thick. Remove from heat and whisk in the vanilla and butter.
The couple, Mr. Leuise Chigozie and his wife, Vicky, said they were making love when they noticed the accused hiding under the bed watching them.
If we are going to be this gracious, then we are the ones who must change. If we are to be the Remedy then we are going to have to change the way we think about our salvation, our hope, and how that salvation and hope are lived out in this world concretely. We are going to have to alter the way we think, the way we live, the way we respond and react to the world.
I am thrilled to have Emily A. Clark as a guest blogger today. She has a wonderful sense of style and has created the most beautiful, playful little girl's bedroom. I am so glad she agreed to give you a tour today. Thanks Emily!
Moon gazed out at the English water and then looked to his left and to his right, to see if any other dogs or humans were close.
Personal finances aren't something most college students think about, but you deal with the subject every day as a student. College is normally the first time for many people to be on their own. This means having to pay for their own groceries, gas, and rent. Some students even have to pay for their own tuition. So, you may not think about it, but you are learning a very valuable life skill when you decide you can't spend $20 on drinks because you need to get groceries later.
I applied and will be giving out copies of Someone Like You by Roald Dahl. If you've been following this blog, or my Twitter for more than about five minutes, you will know that I fucking love Roald Dahl like a fat kid loves cake. A while back when I was feeling a bit gushy with love for Dahl, I wrote this blog post about why he inspires me.
I decided to create a birthday card instead for a friend's little one.
Culture was manufactured and propagated by intellectuals, Gramsci said. On the one hand there were "traditional intellectuals" working away as Shakespeare scholars, mathematicians, astronomers or even as students of liturgy. In effect, they belonged to a part of the superstructure which had floated free of the sub-structure, for their work had no direct class meaning. But each social class also had its "organic intellectuals", consciously trying to propagate the culture of their class as a part of the wider class struggle.
The state has certain goals embedded within it, depending on what kind of state it is.
Sugar- 1 cup
Preparations for the launch of the Amero are now being finalized. Already the new gold-backed currency has been printed and distributed to the world’s various central banks. The governments of Canada and Mexico have also signed on. Average humans will be able to trade two dollars for one Amero.
Whilst I don't want the manner of his passing to overshadow his work apparently he took his own life which makes it all the more sad. You can read the whole story at Bleeding Cool
If you smile through your fear and sorrow
The moral of this story: I got what I practiced for. I need to quit whinin’ and get to PRACTICING so I can get better. That’s right, I need to P-R-A-C-T-I-C-E!!! Just like I tell my students, over and over. And who knows, maybe I will actually get pretty good and learn to enjoy my violin more.
In addition to poor vision, weakening legs and low energy, Randy was plagued by night time anxiety attacks.
Good experience.
So yes, today when I was going through my craft room and doing a little cleaning I found a stack of old book pages from a week or so ago when I made a hollow book. For some reason upon finding these pages I automatically thought “Paper Cranes!”.
It always seems a sin to actually eat something so beautiful. But mmmm, lightly steamed, with a cheese sauce? Oh yes. Nice in salads too. If I didn't eat it, then it would just be wasted.
a father of many nations have I made thee” . hence the Bible says “He staggered
Consider for a moment the following: although youth unemployment in Britain is very high, that is to say about 20 per cent of those aged under 25, the country has had to import young foreign labour for a long time, even for unskilled work in the service sector.
Likewise, while it is slightly annoying – having produced several hundred pieces of writing since the age of about seven (including a novel, which has so far seen 3 years of re-writes) – to have a blog post, produced in 15 minutes, described as “your best bit of writing yet”, I have to remember that I wasn’t always very good at sharing my work, and my baby brother has almost certainly read less than 1% of the writing I have produced.
4These are they which were not defiled with women; for they are virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth. These were redeemed from among men, being the firstfruits unto God and to the Lamb.
Peel all the shrimp and cut in half and cut all your Tilapia into bite sized chunks. Add to the lemon juice.
"The judgment of their lordships is, that the doctrine held by Mr. Gorham is not contrary or repugnant to the declared doctrine of the Church of England as by law established, and that Mr. Gorham ought not, by reason of the doctrine held by him, to have been refused admission to the vicarage of Brampford Speke. We shall therefore humbly report to her Majesty that the sentence pronounced by the learned Judge of the Arches Court of Canterbury ought to be reversed, and that it ought to be declared that the respondent, the Lord Bishop of Exeter, has no shown sufficient cause why he did not institute Mr. Gorham to the said vicarage.
When you purchase the participating products, they will give you a code on your receipt. After you sign up for the program, which began April 1st and goes thru July 31st, you will enter your code online or you can even text it with your cell phone. All it takes is 10 points to start earning prizes. The more points you get, the better prize you earn.
Timothy Holbrook, an intellectual property professor at Emory Law in Atlanta who reviewed Koh’s Friday ruling at Reuters’ request, said there did not appear to be any trade secrets among the blacked-out portions.
8:15am
Barack Hussein Obama: cold, distant, aloof.
Since I have finished my Outlawz guest designer cards for the month, I am able to enter other challenges now. Today I made a card to enter into three challenges:
In later years when we look back
Only a handful of tickets left.
"That cheeky girl, I'll give her three weeks to change her mind!" Is that an offer of no-strings sex, Diddy? Wow. Maybe that's why it was his last one. The picture quality, while giving parts of the show a not unattractive Vaseline lens smeared effect, really comes into its mushy own here as Tyler is surrounded by very bright red and green spotlights that cast flares on the camera, which combined with the set's homage to the Warner Bros Looney Tunes logo, the back of which seems to be both reflective and made out of black bin bags, give it the effect of the set of a mooted knockoff German disco programme called something like Club Disco 77. Meanwhile a very young looking Bonnie emotes gravelly, unconcerned by it all. Afterwards Diddy has a guest, a deeply bearded and confused looking Mike Nesmith, promoting his "great single" Rio. Diddy asks him what it's about. "Hollywood movies" is Mike's quite direct answer, upon which apparently he "went bananas". Diddy, evidently not having been listening to that answer: "Have you ever been there?" Nesmith: "To bananas or Hollywood movies?" Diddy: "No, have you ever been to Rio?" Nesmith: "Oh, er, yeah...no, I never have, except in Hollywood movies". They could have carried on like that all night.
three terracotta pots; each one
I’ve seen both the good and the bad side of collaborations with the first idea that you must have a clear vision of what you hope to accomplish. What’s the purpose of the project and what’s the future of the project? Those are very important questions to ask. If you’re going to be writing something that involves money, it’s important to have some kind of contractual agreement in place. The contract should state in clears (1) the rights to the body of work for both authors (2) the length of time the rights are in place (3) the monetary split between the authors and (4) any other necessary details.
Prism: V = Bh, B = area of base
4 cups chicken stock*
What if the world's worst serial killer...was your dad?
No secret I love books, from the classics to the lighthearted. Have I mentioned we've had some plans drawn up to expand our library? More on that another day. Today is all about passing on a favorite holiday read to one of you to keep or maybe give as a gift!
Legacy currently work with over 35 schools in the Spen Valley region and the local community beyond providing a wide range of specialised services.
Then Wednesday I'm taking a class with Ty & Marcia Schultz, Metal Steampunk & Milagro and we will melting metal and pouring it into silicone molds and creating molds and metal castings.
"The LORD is merciful and gracious, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love. He will not always chide, nor will He keep His anger forever. He does not deal with us according to our sins, nor repay us according to our iniquities. For as high as the heavens are above the earth, so great is His steadfast love toward those who fear Him; as far as the east is from the west, so far does He remove our transgressions from us. As a father shows compassion to His children, so the LORD shows compassion to those who fear Him. For He knows our frame; He remembers that we are dust."
Odell Brewing Company Imperial Stout
I looked over and said to Mom: “I just don’t get it! They’re in love; why can’t they be together?”
And I’ll tell you a secret: When we get back to ‘us,’ we get back to real. Every minute aspect of our lives get better because we’ve got a secret: We’re wild animals! Fitness fanatics know it; love it; revel in the raw potential of being a sentient wild thing. Human beings are so beautiful. We have all the advantages of the animal kingdom and we are thinking beings!! How glorious is that?!
To help you, we have designed The Management Pocketblog 100 Day Challenge workbook, that you can download, for free, here.
Romans 12:2 says, “Don’t copy the behavior and customs of this world, but let God transform you into a new person by changing the way you think. Then you will learn to know God’s will for you, which is good and pleasing and perfect.” (NLT).
Parker: Very good, milady. (Gets off Her Ladyship and mops sweaty face with chauffeur’s hat before attending to her request).
This morning exhaustion reminds me that I need to rest and re-evaluate and for good reasons. Not only will I fail at constructively moving forward in my life, but my body will abruptly stop me if I don't take the time to relieve the log-jam in my mind.
1/2 cup mixture of fresh herbs, finely chopped or roughly ground (I use a blend of lavender flowers, rosemary, and sage. Pure mint is tasty too...)
In other news, I'm learning how to listen to people complain and be unhappy but not react. I had this skill when I was a teacher and had kind of lost it whilst parenting. If the kids express their unhappiness with me they usually get a reaction!! One time when I was teaching Kindergarten at Willow Dale Elementary, we had a lice epidemic. One mom came in with a bowl full of her daughters hair, in water, to show me the eggs that I had "put in her daughters hair". True story!!
It's great for cleansing your system (without staining your teeth!), and a lot better than full on coffee. My brother drinks it as he doesn't let coffee into his system after 8 pm and I think this could be a good idea when it comes to dieting and detoxing in general right?
I could hear the beeping of the medical machines from all the patients hiding behind their privacy curtains. I could hear the nurses’ shoes squeaking on the floor. I could smell that unmistakable scent of “hospital.” Our eyes met. I was strong. He looked like he was still out of it. Everything else faded away. My grasp tightened on Anna’s stroller. There was a long pause, smiles from both of us, and almost simultaneously we both said, “I guess we’re not going to In-N-Out.” He had been told. He reached for my hand. Our grasp was strong. Neither of us let go. So many questions. Not many answers. No guarantees. Yet, we both felt a slight feeling of calm, serenity, peace. The feeling was buried by the fear and sadness and questions and that “spiraling out of control” feeling, but it was there. You can call it what you want…denial, hope, naiveté…I call it faith. No matter how small that pinprick of a feeling was, we knew everything was going to be okay. Looking back, I can pinpoint that moment, that first look and coming together of husband and wife during a life-altering situation, as the moment that God stopped walking with us, but gathered us in His protective arms and carried us. Together.
7. Municipality
Jimmy Allen is well-known within Church of Christ circles as an evangelist, and additionally, within the Harding University community as a Bible professor. It’s in the latter role that I know him best, as I took his outstanding class on the Book of Romans during my time at Harding. It was in that class (I don’t remember the specific context) that he said these words which I’ll never forget:
Ah, the pattern. Give me some measurements and I can whip up a mid 19th century style corset pattern in no time. 18th century style corset?
Chrys.: Or, He here points out their twofold destruction; first in their stumbling and being offended at Him, signified in that, “Whosoever shall fall upon this stone;” the other in the captivity that should come upon them, signified by that, “But upon whomsoever it shall fall.”
Recently, I ventured along the Metrolink line to Altrincham, a reviving town which has added a new addition to its ranks – Coco’s Italian restaurant. Located on Regent Street close to the main high street and the back streets of Belgian and European bars, it houses a small bar and long restaurant that s split into two. I met with my family and were quickly greeted and seated in the front part of the restaurant, close to what looked like a rather fantastic window seat looking out into the bustling back streets of Altrincham.
It is your job to pursue your own passions in life. This has numerous benefits, not only to yourSelf and your Spirit, but to your child as well.
I reposted a blog I follow for those of you who put alot of stress on yourself during this time of year by doing too much. I have been so guilty of that in
I let Jake and Tom stay home, and I took Eme and Joe and Jim with me to the ball park. CPT should be home shortly, I figured. Kim was in charge of dinner tonight, and she brought Taco Bell Tacos (oops for Kari :( ). My kids were happy. Practice was good. We chatted and enjoyed each others company.
But, Dr. G, Medical Examiner, WILL.
"I want the flesh and blood of characters, and what that had to do with the killing," she said. "Juries don't like 'bad' victims," such as prostitutes, so as a lawyer, it was her job to "learn their life." In fiction, she does the same: "It's always important for me to create that character fully."
This got me thinking. We seem to hear about all sorts of dumb stuff that parents do to their children, whether it’s plastic surgery for a pre-teen to Toddlers and Tiaras, someone needs to get on a permit for having kids. The gene pool is muddy enough as it is.
This Is one that can be harder to plan for but if you have at least a few months planned out then it should not be too bad. Again do you have a place to consistently go to make progress toward your goal.
3. In same pan add onion, ginger, green chili, and garlic. Saute for 3-4 minutes.
1 boarders
i am fairly certain the interiors of these houses are just as amazing as the exteriors.
I also got a know-how when I erase my eyeliner. You put eye makeup remover on a tissue, you put it still on your eyes so the makeup melts, then you can just wipe it off at once with cotton. At first it was hard since I couldn’t open my eyes but now I’m good at it. Before doing my debut, I couldn’t imagine I’d use makeup in my life…. Now I understand why women put on makeup. Hehe.
“Don’t agitate prince, I can’t come out of water.” she replied.
When I was child, my mom use to yell at me – SHUT THE DOOR or you’ll let out all the cool air we paid for and the bugs will fly in – then the house will get hot and be filled with flies.
Of course there is another side to this story, and I don’t mean the man’s. It’s not an army of Brazilian androids, created by some mad (but genius) Brazilian scientist, that clean the bathrooms, prepare the coffee and style the hair. Women and men from outside the city travel hours and hours everyday, via three different buses sometimes, to serve the upper classes, for a salary that is less than what we would spend dining in New York restaurants. Or they live in small, windowless caverns carved out of the laundry rooms of big apartments.
(i.e. you can say whatever you want, unless the government doesn’t want you to say it.)
News Bite: Obama visits Ground Zero (PSHE & Citizenship 2, News, Video)
this? “I went 3 for 3 in the big leagues, with a perfect on base percentage,
I decided on this name because I have been asked many times, "where do you get your knowledge from and why do you know so much?" I thought about it and I really can't take credit for it. It is all GOD. Surrendering or not, He uses me to share information and match people up.
This post was inspired by Maxabella, who took the time to throw slings and arrows at my singlets in her post yesterday.
4. According to a source close to the team; Peter Budaj, upset with his limited ice- time, made it ‘difficult’ for Carey Price to watch the Country Music Awards. A sad cowboy is an unproductive goalie – so the song goes …
For offline registrations please download the Form here
15-25 Mammoth ivory carving
It fills up at first like a divided brain, in two distinct halves.
It was the emo phase, and everyone in high school at that time went through it, even if just for a moment. Even if it just meant picking up a Panic! At the Disco album, we all joined in. We thought we were cool; we were just silly. But we have the photos and buried CDs in the back of our closets to prove it.
Yes. Yes I am. I've been waiting to read The Friend Who Got Away for quite some time now because, as stated in the introduction,
In the age of austerity (said as if this is the first time that finance has been tight), people will not struggle to find any number of reasons for stagnant or dipping business and individual performance; losing market share; dwindling customer numbers; contracting order books and profit margins that look as though they’ve been on a crash diet.
9. Will you be watching the Olympics on TV this summer?
“It is a very tragic situation,” said Abed Awad, an expert on Islamic Sharia law and adjunct law professor at Rutgers University Law School in New Jersey. “She faces substantial hurdles to secure the return of her children.”
Everybody knows waste is a problem. But did you know trash is now America’s biggest export? That one of the tallest structures in Los Angeles is a mountain of garbage? That the average American is on track to make 102 tons of trash in a lifetime, twice what we were rolling to the curb in 1960?
Though on the internet we can portray our lives as being 'perfect', people can see through that. If you think my life is all lemons, it's not. I would feel bad if anyone ever looked at my blog and felt inferior. I. Am. Not. That. Crafty!! I don't have it all together. Yeah, so at times I get good ideas and they actually turn out so I post them on my blog, but other times, they fail, and I don't post about them! The other day I was making oatmeal cookies and guess what?? They were as flat as pancakes!! Just when I thought I had mastered the 'non-pancake' cookie!! And did you know I have a huge stash of junk in one of my kitchen cabinets?? One day I may pull up that pin I pinned on Pinterest about how to de-clutter and reorganize!! Did you know that I haven't even decorated the bedrooms in my house? ...I don't really have any motivation to either! Also, if you were to stop by my house on a regular day you would walk into a messy house. Chances are I will still be in my sweats with no make-up on, and breakfast will not be cleaned up yet!
I made sure that Nicholas' reading book (for school) was on the living room table yesterday, before I went to work. Because he has a habit of poking around every morning when it's time to get ready for school. I try to catch him at it, but there are times that I'm busy or whatever. This includes things like hiding his shoes, so he can't find them. Not being able to find pants....socks....his coat....jacket....back pack, you name it - he tries it. Even so far as to hide somewhere himself. So, like I said I made sure his book was on the table for him to find this morning.
All proceeds from this year’s festival will be used to host future Asian cultural events and to help build a medical center for the indigenous people in Pleiku, Vietnam through Care2Share.
First let me say a HUGE "Thank You" for all your prayers and support in response to yesterday's post. AMAZING NEWS!! We went to the surgical consult today and the surgeon was able to repair Zach's wound in the office so he WILL NOT need surgery!!! PRAISE THE LORD!!! We have been rejoicing all evening. Zach was a trooper through it all.
“I feel awful. I took her out this afternoon. She was good. What’s that box?”
MaoBama’s policies have won him no friends among the very people he depends on for his re-election. Talk to the miners in the Appalachians, or to the tens of thousands of people who are dependent on coal-fired generating plants for their power. See the economic devastation visited upon the oil-producing gulf states by Obama’s recalcitrance. His denial of a previously approved pipeline project which would ultimately generate ten thousand or more jobs. He then has the unmitigated chutzpah to go in front of the American people and lie through his eyeteeth about his administration’s approval of drilling permits that were, in fact, passed during George Bush’s watch.
My eyes look tired because they are. Lack of sleep, lots of computer time and just plain life add to the problem. If you spend a tad too much time of the computer (like me), a warm compress is just the ticket for giving those weary eyes a rest. And you can make your own so it can be warmed in the microwave or cooled in the freezer. Ahhh . . . I feel more rested already!
Yay I finished it! I measured the hem when I was done, and it was about 5 metres! Unfortunately I probably won't get to wear it till next year now, as summer seems to be over. I'd feel silly wearing such a summery print and colour when it was cloudy and chilly!
planning - a new bag from a very old jacket
Can you imagine if the left gained power and this “research” became the basis for laws? What if these views were pushed on impressionable children in the public schools? What if people who believed things like this were nominated to high positions (let’s call them czars, say)?
Hey, everyone! I hope ya'll are having a nice start to this wonderful New Year! Part of my reflecting process on New Year's Day, was the decision to open a new blog. This blog, which I am calling My Daily Journal, is just that. I felt I needed a place to respond and react to "life." This is where I will reflect on each day, make my crazy lists, vent my frustrations, rave about my joys, & just be totally myself. There won't be many pictures (unless they are completely in sync with what I'm writing about), & I won't be talking about decor or paint (unless I'm adding a prompt to one of my crazy lists....lol!). If you want to follow along, make comments, do your own venting or share how you deal with every day chaos and events, I welcome you with open arms. If you are not interested, I'm totally fine with that, too. Selfishly, this is truly for my own benefit; but if it some how benefits some one else, that would bring joy to my heart.
Logic and emotion should not be allowed to co-exist within me, because it's a battle that I don't want to fight. Still, if I keep doing what I'm doing, at least I have a fair chance of winning.
I'm starting to wonder already if I've bitten off more than I can chew. I can't share too many details here for fear of ruining the surprise for the lucky recipients, but.... EEK!!!! And, of course, I'm finding more intriguing patterns just about daily.
You’ll be seeing great sights!
One of Cole’s last Slap Happy Pappy 1-pagers and it’ a doozey. Beautiful, crisp drawings, satisfying dense page layout (check out that thin horizontal borderless second tier), and sexy girls.
he lets me dream and ramble and then gently brings me back to reality,
17 miracles, bad? Are you kidding me I loved that movie. Maybe that is just because I am serving a mission and they are the only movies that we can watch. As well they are not just about the boys who held them cross. Actually i believe that technically it doesn’t show those three. It shows another crossing but I don’t think that it is that one. Anyways enough of the technicalities of 17 miracles, although it was very well done.
The Dow Jones closed at 12,621.77
knowing your gone yet another day.
We are not what our eyes show us to be, what we are is pure light and energy trying to beam out of the shells we where born into as a means of transportation.
In a statement provided to the Washington Blade, Klobuchar confirmed that legislation to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act has her support.
As a bit of a tech-nerd, the ideas of microblogs and live blogging were not foreign to me.
smallest arm in the world! second returns﻿ happy too: ive really got the
On my décolletage, on my bare back
I’ve given up on finding that perfect harmonious environment I longed for, that utopia of places where everything is semi-perfect, nice and good. Where unicorns are real, double rainbows are the daily norm and everyone smiles constantly and is kind to each other. I will never find it. It doesn’t exist. Anywhere.
I’ve written before about why we’ve seen a rapid acceleration of a longer-term pattern in wage deterioration for ordinary workers and the mirror-image trend among executives. The short story is that this disjuncture is basically cause by a massive and growing inequality of relative power between those who rely solely on labor and those who have access to capital, which has created a maldistribution of income and wealth, which in turns exacerbates this inequality by making the overall health of the economy more and more reliant on credit, which further enhances the value of capital and the likelihood of recessions caused by credit crunches.
-rw-r–r– 1 root root 0 Aug 18 2004 syseventd_lock
First off I just wanted to say a quick "Thank You" to all of our wonderful friends here at FCCB for leaving such nice comments on our blog. I just wanted to let you know that we truly do read and appreciate them very much!
They are both from Enugu State and they met at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, where they are students. They competed in Star Quest in 2002.
Is it reasonable to ask the strong (or powerful) not to exercise their strength? If so what value does strength (or power) have to those who hold it?
7. I rarely watch TV any more. I mainly watch DVDs
Obstacles for this week are a hen weekend on Friday/Saturday and bank holiday weekend on Sunday/Monday. I just have to be extra-good at making healthy choices. And try not to get too drunk. Hopefully, the personal training sessions will outweigh the bad points in my diet for this week.
So we wished and we took action and it happened.
Mervyn King admits that he should have shouted warnings about the banking crisis but said that no one believed it could happen.
The man then announced that he would now pay $20 for each one. This renewed the efforts of the villagers and they started catching monkeys again. But soon the supply diminished even further and they were ever harder to catch, so people started going back to their farms and forgot about monkey catching.
1 John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship with one another, and the blood of Jesus, his Son, purifies us from all sin.
The next one was for my friends Lizzy and Dave, who got engaged at the beach so I thought the design was appropriate. They come from the south coast and the sea is important to both of them so I was really pleased to find this design. Again it wasn't a wedding sampler specifically, but I added the names and date to make it into one!
Now I was willing to accept the fact that I might be living with limited hearing for a time, however inconvenient that may be. But that was not the end of the story. When I came down with a stomach ailment that evening, I began to get a bit anxious about the trip. I don’t know if it was the Chinese food we had for dinner or a bug, but whatever it was got me good, and I spent some time heaving into the commode. (Stick with me now, this may not be pleasant, but it is critical to the tale.) After flushing and rinsing my mouth, I realized that my upper teeth were no longer in my mouth! Hoping that I had removed them earlier in the evening, I checked. Nope, not in their case, not soaking in solution. Getting back into bed I woke my husband up and said, “Honey, something bad has happened. I just flushed my teeth down the toilet.”
During my Spring break I cooked almost everyday and in the last few weeks I have cooked a lot too, a made Rose’s Peanut & Jelly Bars, they were yummy I took them with me when I worked at the election. Then I had my food sanitation class a couple of weeks ago where I met a new friend who I am going to be helping with her bed and breakfast. I also made some awesome homemade banana chocolate chip cupcakes, and the past weekend made some Easter Spiced Sugar Cookie, (I got the recipe from Kroger if anyone is interested in having it I’ll post it.) and I made some Vanilla cupcakes w/ Lemon filling and Meringue though I didn’t get my Meringue very fluffy… its okay it tasted good and that is all really matters right?
To be continued… /Vivian
exhausted, and then surrendered
Isn't he just about the best Santa EVER? The papers are from WRMK's "Peppermint Twist" collection. The layout design is based on a Liz Chidester sketch.
Individuals unfamiliar with the effects of OC/CS may panic or go into shock. May act as an episode trigger for individuals with respiratory ailments. Launched or thrown munitions may produce lethal trauma when vital areas are struck by causing skull fractures, rupture of vital organs, heart compression and or serious skin lacerations.
-Kidney failure: I'm not in full-blown failure, but they're working REALLY hard
Fix a good healthy lunch for the family
UPDATE AS OF 11:30 A.M. EDT, MONDAY, APRIL 11: No damage to Japan's nuclear power plants was reported today after another strong aftershock hit the northeast coast. The temblor, measured at magnitude 6.6 by the U.S. Geological Survey, rocked the country one month after the magnitude 9.0 earthquake and tsunami struck March 11, damaging the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. A magnitude 7.1 aftershock rattled Japan April 7. The Monday earthquake prompted the temporary evacuation of workers at the plant and interrupted the offsite electric power supply for less than an hour. Injection of cooling water to reactors 1, 2, and 3 resumed within an hour. Officials reported no new damage or increased radiation levels. Workers continued to spray water into the spent fuel pools of reactors 1-4 as needed. As an additional safety measure, Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) has brought additional diesel generators to the site as a backup in case offsite power is disabled. Preparations are being made to transfer highly radioactive water from reactor 2 to a water storage tank. Workers are inspecting the tank to ensure there will be no leaks. TEPCO is injecting nitrogen gas into the reactor 1 containment vessel to reduce the possibility of a hydrogen explosion. TEPCO plans to inject nitrogen into the containment vessels of reactors 2 and 3, the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum reported. TEPCO used a drone helicopter to take aerial pictures of reactor buildings that are highly contaminated. TEPCO also is using remote-controlled heavy equipment to remove radioactive debris. Japanese authorities announced that residents of some municipalities outside the 12.5-mile radius evacuation zone will be relocated to reduce long-term radiation exposure. Radiation can accumulate in some places based on weather and geographical factors. The relocation orders will apply to areas where there is a possibility of residents receiving a dose of 2,000 millirem over the course of a year. UPDATE AS OF 11:30 A.M. EDT, FRIDAY, APRIL 8: No nuclear power plants were seriously damaged in the heavy aftershock that rattled northeastern Japan Thursday, the International Atomic Energy Agency reported. The epicenter of the 7.1 magnitude earthquake was 12.5 miles from the Onagawa nuclear power plant and about 75 miles from the Fukushima Daiichi site, where engineers are working to restore fuel cooling capabilities that were lost in the original March 11 temblor and tsunami. Fukushima Daiichi At Fukushima Daiichi, the injection of cooling water into the reactor pressure vessels of reactors 1, 2 and 3 continued Friday, along with injection of nitrogen gas into the containment vessel of reactor 1. The nitrogen will prevent possible ignition of hydrogen that may be accumulating in the containment. Tokyo Electric Power Co. is continuing the discharge of low-level radioactive water from a waste storage tank into the Pacific Ocean to make room for highly radioactive water pooled in the basement of the reactor 2 turbine building. Isolated spikes in radiation inside reactor 1 containment have been associated with possible fuel movement during the April 7 aftershock, but radiation dose rates elsewhere at the site continue to decline. The government lifted restrictions on shipments of raw milk and some produce from municipalities near Fukushima Daiichi. An official said tests show the food is safe to consume. The aftershock of April 7 caused minimal, if any, disruption at other nuclear power plants. UPDATE AS OF 1:00 P.M. EDT, THURSDAY, APRIL 7: Tokyo Electric Power Co. continued to inject cooling water into reactors 1, 2 and 3 at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, despite a 7.1 magnitude aftershock that hit 70 miles north of the plant..... Fukushima Daiichi Seawater radiation levels, while still significantly higher than government safety limits, have decreased near the power plant since TEPCO blocked a leak of highly radioactive water into the ocean. TEPCO said it is too early to credit stopping the leak with the decline. Workers continued to inject nitrogen gas into the containment vessel of reactor 1, a process that began Wednesday. Inert nitrogen gas is used in reactor containment vessels to stabilize the atmosphere. The nitrogen injection is to prevent possible ignition of the hydrogen that is believed to be accumulating inside the reactor 1 containment. It is expected to take six days to complete the process. Spraying water onto the used fuel storage pools at reactors 1-4 was interrupted briefly because of the earthquake. TEPCO continued its controlled discharge of low-level radioactive water into the Pacific Ocean to make room in storage tanks for more highly contaminated water on the site. The highly radioactive water in turbine building basements is hampering efforts to restore cooling systems, particularly for reactor 2, where the radiation is highest. Before the highly radioactive water is pumped into the wastewater storage tank, the facility must be inspected for damage, the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum reported. Inspection could take up to a week. The Japanese government is evaluating possible evacuation of some residents from areas within 12.5 to 18.5 miles of the Fukushima Daiichi site. Residents in the 12.5-mile zone were evacuated early in the emergency. Those within the outer area have been advised to stay indoors. The additional evacuation would be from areas where radiation has accumulated since March 11. UPDATE AS OF 11:30 A.M. EDT, TUESDAY, APRIL 5: Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) continued efforts Tuesday to stop the flow of radioactive water from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant into the Pacific Ocean. On Saturday, workers found a crack in a concrete enclosure used to carry electric cables near reactor 2. Since then, TEPCO has attempted to seal the crack with concrete and with an absorbent polymer, with no success. A colored liquid tracer was injected into the system of enclosures Monday to determine the flow path of the water. The test showed that the radioactive water may be leaking from a cracked pipe, and then seeping through gravel into the concrete enclosure. Today, TEPCO is taking a new approach: sealing gravel under the enclosure with liquid glass. TEPCO has not yet announced the outcome. To free up storage space for highly radioactive water in a waste disposal tank, TEPCO has begun to discharge 11,500 tons of low-level radioactive water into the ocean. The utility will use the tank to hold highly radioactive water that has accumulated in the basements of the reactor 1, 2 and 3 turbine buildings. Small fish caught in waters south of Fukushima prefecture have been found to contain radioactive cesium. The Ibaraki Prefecture government said 14 picocuries of radioactive cesium was detected in one kilogram of sand lances. The acceptable limit is 13.5 picocuries per kilogram. This is the first time radioactive cesium has been found in fish at a level above the government limit. Workers continue to inject cooling water into reactors 1, 2 and 3. In addition, spent fuel pools for reactors 1-4 are sprayed with fresh water as needed to keep them cool. (See NEI's video, "Spent Fuel Storage in Pools at Nuclear Energy Plants," for more information about how these pools work.) UPDATE AS OF 11:30 A.M. EDT, MONDAY, APRIL 4: Workers at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant continued searching Monday for sources of contaminated water leaking from the site into the ocean. Attempts to seal a crack in a concrete enclosure for cabling in reactor 2 are ongoing after initial efforts failed. Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) injected a color tracer into the enclosure in an effort to track the flow of water. That test confirmed the radioactive water is from multiple sources. TEPCO is planning to install underwater silt barriers near the intake for reactor 2 to help contain the contaminated water. Japan's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency (NISA) and Nuclear Safety Commission both said it will take several months to restore permanent core cooling for the damaged reactors. NISA said it will take that amount of time to remove contaminated water from the turbine buildings and restore damaged plant equipment. To free up storage space for highly radioactive water in a waste disposal tank, TEPCO is seeking approval to discharge 11,500 tons of low-level radioactive water into the ocean. The utility said the radiation level in the water to be discharged is very low. TEPCO estimated that someone eating fish and seaweed from the adjacent water every day for a year would receive a total exposure of 60 millirem, less than a quarter of the average annual exposure from natural radiation. Workers continue to inject cooling water into reactors 1, 2 and 3. In addition, spent fuel pools for reactors 1-4 are sprayed with fresh water as needed to keep them cool. Radiation dose rates at the Daiichi site continue to fall. Recent readings showed 12.4 millirem per hour at the main gate, 7.4 millirem per hour at the west gate and 78 millirem per hour on the side of the administration building facing the reactors. UPDATE AS OF 3 P.M. EDT, SUNDAY, APRIL 3: Tokyo Electric Power planned Sunday to inject water-absorbing polymer into a cracked concrete enclosure near the reactor 2 water intake at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in an effort to stop radioactive water from leaking into the ocean. Yesterday, pouring concrete into the concrete enclosure, which carries electric cables, failed to seal the crack. TEPCO said it had not found water leaking from the concrete enclosures at other reactors, the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum reported. Following detection of the reactor 2 leak, the power company began testing radiation levels in sea water 15 kilometers (about 9.5 miles) from the facility. A U.S. Navy barge has begun supplying fresh water as injection continues to cool reactors 1, 2, and 3. TEPCO is using a motor-driven pump powered by an off-site transmission line. A second barge with more fresh water has arrived at the site. Electric power has been restored to lighting in the turbine buildings of reactors 1, 2, and 3. Radiation Measurements After consultations with nuclear experts from the United States, TEPCO has begun to measure radiation levels inside the nuclear power plant's 20-kilometer (12.5 mile) evacuation zone. Measurements have been taken routinely outside the zone, but TEPCO has been reluctant to conduct tests closer to the plant because of anticipated radiation exposure to workers taking those measurements. Radiation levels off site and at the site boundary are generally decreasing, although localized areas with elevated levels are being identified for further analysis. Protective action recommendations for food and water are gradually being lifted in many locations, but some remain pending further analysis. The government is looking carefully at how and when to allow evacuees to return to their homes. The situation remains difficult for evacuees, especially the elderly and ill among them, but the government is escalating efforts to accommodate those who have evacuated. The government is monitoring children up to 15 years old in some prefectures for possible iodine-131 exposure. Based on preliminary results, iodine-131 has not been found at levels that exceed action levels, and in many areas there has been no exposure. UPDATE AS OF 12 P.M. EDT, SATURDAY, APRIL 2: Recovery efforts continue at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in Japan, as aid pours in from the international nuclear community in the form of technical expertise, protective equipment for workers, storage tanks for contaminated water and other measures. Today, Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) said it has identified one likely source of contaminated water reaching the Pacific Ocean, accounting for some of the radiation readings in seawater samples taken over the past several days. The crack is in a two-meter-deep concrete "pit," or trench, that contains power cables near the reactor 2 water intake. Water measuring between 10 and 20 centimeters deep was found in the pit with radiation levels of more than 1,000 milliSieverts per hour. TEPCO plans to pour concrete to patch the crack while continuing to search for other potential leak paths. The Nuclear Industrial and Safety Agency says iodine-131 will be diluted in seawater and does not pose a threat to the public. Additionally, iodine-131 has a short half-life-about eight days-and will decay to harmless levels fairly quickly. (See NEI's fact sheet to learn more about the health impacts of iodine-131.) The Japan Atomic Industrial Forum said TEPCO is obtaining a "massive, hollow floating platform" from Shizuoka City and will use it to store contaminated water from the Fukushima site. The float can store up to 18,000 tons of water. Meanwhile TEPCO and the Japanese government are working to identify safe methods for transporting and storing contaminated water. UPDATE AS OF 12:30 P.M. EDT, FRIDAY, APRIL 1: Japan's nuclear safety agency has reprimanded Tokyo Electric Power Co. for not providing radiation monitors to all emergency workers at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. Each worker is supposed to have an individual radiation monitor, but some emergency teams have had to share monitors, the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum reported. TEPCO said that low-priority work will be suspended if employees do not have monitors. TEPCO said that only 320 of the 5,000 radiation monitors were available after the earthquake and tsunami, JAIF said. Radiation Found in Beef Radiation that exceeds safety standards has been found in beef in Fukushima and three neighboring prefectures, JAIF reported. Radiation also was found in spinach and other vegetables grown in the area. Japan's health ministry said the beef and vegetables have not been shipped and are not on the market. Fukushima Daiichi A U.S. Navy barge containing freshwater to cool the reactors and used fuel pools at the Daiichi site has been towed to the pier. It will be connected to the pumps with hoses. Meanwhile, injection of freshwater continues at reactors 1-3 and workers continue to spray freshwater on the used fuel pools for reactors 1-4. TEPCO is evaluating the use of a synthetic resin that would be sprayed over debris at the site to prevent the spread of radioactive dust. Additional equipment, including the biggest concrete pump in the world, is being provided by U.S. companies. The pump's 70-meter boom can be controlled remotely. It has been in use at the Savannah River Site, helping build a U.S. government mixed oxide nuclear fuel plant. Concrete pumps are already in use at the site to assist with spraying water into the used fuel pools. UPDATE AS OF 11:30 A.M. EDT, THURSDAY, MARCH 31: A minuscule amount of radioactive iodine was detected in milk in Spokane, Wash., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reported. The agency said the level detected-0.8 picocuries per liter-is more than 5,000 times lower than the level that would prompt any action by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to pull milk from grocery stores. "These types of findings are to be expected in the coming days and are far below levels of public health concern, including for infants and children," the EPA said. The EPA has increased its nationwide monitoring of milk, rain water and drinking water (see the agency's website for information on radiation air monitoring). Fukushima Daiichi Tokyo Electric Power Co. is increasing its efforts to remove radioactive water that has pooled inside concrete vaults that house pipes near the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant. Maintaining cooling water flow to the reactors and used nuclear fuel storage pools and containing and removing the contaminated water continue to be priorities for workers at the site. Contaminated water was found in the basements of the turbine buildings at reactors 1-4 and in the concrete vaults outside the buildings. Workers finished pumping water from the reactor 3 turbine building and are removing water from the reactor 1 tunnel into a storage tank. Today, TEPCO has been pumping contaminated water from the reactor 2 turbine building into a storage tank. Freshwater injection continues to cool reactors 1, 2, and 3. The company also is spraying cooling water into the used nuclear fuel storage pools at reactors 1-4. (For information on how spent fuel pools work, see NEI's video.) Fukushima Daini All reactors at the Fukushima Daini site remain in safe condition. Smoke seen at reactor 1 at the Daini site on Wednesday resulted from a short circuit in a sump pump at the reactor. The smoke stopped after workers at the facility opened the power supply to the breaker for the pump. The cause of the short circuit is being investigated. UPDATE AS OF 6:30 P.M. EDT, TUESDAY, MARCH 29: Tokyo Electric Power Co. said that cooling water is being added to the spent storage fuel pools at reactors 2 and 3. Reactor 2 was using a temporary motor-driven pump and reactor 3 was using a truck to pump the freshwater into the fuel storage pools. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said that plans are being made to begin pumping freshwater into the fuel storage pool at reactor 4 starting today. IAEA said that 63 food samples taken March 24-29 in eight prefectures (Chiba, Fukushima, Gunma, Ibaraki, Miyagi, Niigata, Tochigi and Yamagata) were below regulatory limits set by the Japanese government for iodine-131, cesium-134 and cesium-137. New analyses of seawater about 1,000 feet from the discharge point of reactors 1 through 4 show "a significant decrease" in radiation levels from March 26, IAEA said. Readings for iodine-131 went from 2,000,000 picocuries (1 picocurie is one-trillionth of a curie) per liter on March 26 to 297,300 picocuries per liter on March 27. Readings for cesium-137 went from 324,324 picocuries per liter on March 26 to 51,351 picocuries per liter on March 27. IAEA said that radiation readings in seawater "will be quite variable in the near future depending on water discharge levels." [note this prediction was shown on the 29th and 30th to be quite true, as levels spiked up] Japan's National Research Institute of Fishery Science has analyzed five fish samples from the port of Choshi in Chiba prefecture and found concentrations in the fish to be "far below any concern for fish consumption." Four of five samples showed cesium-137 concentrations below the limit of detection. In the remaining sample, cesium-137 was found to be slightly above detectable levels. IAEA said the situation was evolving, but that concentrations of radionuclides in seawater would soon drop to lower values by dilution and that the levels in marine food would most likely not reach levels above regulatory limits set for consumption. In the United States, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's daily data summary from its RadNet radiation air monitors across the United States show typical fluctuations in background radiation levels as of 8:30 A.M. EDT. "The levels detected are far below levels of concern," EPA said. UPDATE AS OF 9:30 A.M. EDT, MARCH 27: Tokyo Electric Power Co. workers on Sunday were using pumps to remove highly contaminated water from the basement of the turbine building of reactors 1 and 2 at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. TEPCO also was preparing to remove water from the turbine building of reactor 3. Removal of the contaminated water is necessary to continue power restoration to the plant. By Sunday, water injection to the pressure vessels at reactors 1, 2 and 3 had been switched from seawater to freshwater. Off-site power has been restored to all units and work to connect equipment is ongoing. Progress is being slowed by high radiation levels and wet equipment. TEPCO said that earlier reports of extremely high radiation levels measured in the water in the basement of the reactor 2 turbine building were inaccurate, according to news reports. UPDATE AS OF 7:00 P.M. EDT, MARCH 25: Fresh water is being injected into the reactor pressure vessel at reactor 3 at Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, Japan's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said. TEPCO said that radioactive materials discovered at the reactor 3 turbine building possibly came from water from the reactor system, not the spent fuel pool. TEPCO made that statement after collecting samples of contaminated water in the reactor 3 turbine building and conducting a gamma-emitting nuclide analysis of the sample. The reactor pressure and drywell pressure at reactor 3 remained stable on Friday, leading TEPCO to believe that "the reactor pressure vessel is not seriously damaged. Cooling efforts at Reactor 1 already had switched back to fresh water cooling. Reactor 2 is still being injected with seawater, but is expected to switch to fresh water soon. Tokyo Electric Power Co. said that crews continued spraying water into the used fuel storage pools at reactors 3 and 4 on Friday to keep the used uranium fuel rods safe. Also on Friday, the heat removal system at reactor 6 was switched to a permanent power supply, NISA added. TEPCO said it was assessing the radiation dose to two workers who were contaminated while laying cable in the turbine building of reactor 3. TEPCO said it had instructed its employees and contract workers to pay attention to their personal radiation dosimeter alarms and evacuate when necessary. On-site radiation monitoring at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant indicates that radiation dose rates continue to decrease, the International Atomic Energy Agency said. Radiation Monitoring Update Air and seawater sampling continues by the Japanese government. Measurements in the ocean were taken 30 kilometers off-shore and 330 meters from the discharge points on March 23 and March 24. Results indicate concentrations of iodine-131 at 2,162 picocuries per liter and cesium-137 at approximately 703 picocuries per liter. Adult consumption of 1,000 picocuries (1 picocurie is one-trillionth of a curie) per liter concentration for 30 days will result in 24 millirem of radiation dose. For comparison, a typical dose from a chest x-ray is 10 millirem. The concentrations found in the seawater samples are most likely "due to atmospheric fallout rather than just ocean currents," IAEA said. Dilution is expected to rapidly decrease this surface contamination, IAEA added. Iodine-131 was detected in drinking water in 13 prefectures and cesium-137 was detected in drinking water in six prefectures. All results remained below the limits set by the Japanese government, IAEA said. Iodine-131 levels in drinking water in Tokyo are now below limits for consumption by infants set by the Japanese authorities and restrictions have been lifted. On March 25, the IAEA radiation monitoring team made additional measurements at distances from 34 to 62 kilometers from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. At these locations, the radiation dose rate was at extraordinarily low levels, ranging from 0.073 millirem per hour to 0.88 millirem per hour. UPDATE AS OF 9:30 A.M. EDT, MARCH 25: Japanese officials are investigating the source of higher radiation readings at reactor 3 at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant after two workers were contaminated while laying cable in the turbine building. Tests of the water in which the workers were standing contained a concentration of radioactive material many times the level normally found in water circulating in the reactor, the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said. "When we looked into the composition of the water, the source...seems to be the reactor core," said NISA's Hidehiko Nishiyama. "Another possibility is the spent fuel, and we cannot rule out that possibility either." Several possibilities could account for the presence of radioactive materials in the turbine building. Seawater sprayed onto the fuel pool area may have washed over the floor of the fuel pool area onto the turbine building and leaked through the damaged roof into the basement of that building. Other possibilities include a problem with an interconnected system to the primary containment, such as the main steam system, or a small opening in the reactor containment structure. Japanese authorities recommended residents within 30 kilometers of the plant evacuate voluntarily, extending the recommendation from 20 kilometers. Damage to infrastructure in the area from the earthquake severely limits the ability to provide water, food and other necessary supplies to people sheltering in their homes for the coming weeks. Tokyo Electric Power Co. is stepping up efforts to switch from sea water to fresh water for cooling the reactors and used fuel storage pools. The United States government has urged the switch to fresh water as soon as possible and is providing two U.S. Navy barges, each of which can carry up to 1,000 tons of water. The ships are scheduled to reach port about 60 kilometers from the Daiichi plant in about three days. Japanese workers at the site will install pipes and hoses to carry the water to the plant. .... UPDATE AS OF 11:20 A.M. EDT, FRIDAY, MARCH 18: Reactors 1, 2 and 3 at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant are in stable condition, with workers continuing to provide seawater cooling into the reactors. Containment integrity is believed to be intact on reactors 1, 2 and 3, and containment building pressures are elevated but are within design limits. Site radiation doses have been decreasing since March 16. Radiation dose rates are fluctuating based on some of the relief operations, such as adding cooling water to the used fuel pools. Recent readings at the plant boundary are about 2 millirem per hour. Radiation dose rates at reactor 3 range between 2,500 and 5,000 millirem per hour. The Japanese Self-Defense Force restarted cooling water spray into the Unit 3 reactor building and spent fuel pool at around 1 a.m. EDT on March 18. Plans are to spray 50 tons of water on the reactor 3 reactor building/spent fuel pool using seven fire-fighting trucks. A diesel generator is supplying power to reactors 5 and 6. TEPCO is installing high voltage cables from a nearby transmission line to reactors 1 and 2. Once electricity supply is re-established, priority will be given to restoring power to reactor heat removal systems and cooling water pumps. Workers are seeking to install electrical cables to reactors 3 and 4 components in about two days. UPDATE AS OF 10:20 P.M. EDT, THURSDAY, MARCH 17: TEPCO continues to install cables, transformers and distribution equipment to restore offsite grid power to Fukushima Daiichi reactors 1 and 2. Reactor 1 has now been included in the power restoration plan. Chief Cabinet Secretary Edano said in a recent conference that plans are in place to use 30 water cannon trucks and fire engines to spray water into the reactor 3 spent fuel pool, and TEPCO is discussing whether to do the same for the reactor 1 spent fuel pool. The spraying work is to be done in the next few hours, after the cable work is completed. UPDATE AS OF 9:15 P.M. EDT, THURSDAY, MARCH 17: Tokyo Electric Power Co. said it hopes to activate the cooling system for Fukushima Daiichi reactor 2 "as early as Friday night" (Japan time). The company said it could restore power from the electric grid to reactor 2 by Thursday night (U.S. time). The International Atomic Energy Agency reported that TEPCO completed connecting electrical cable from a makeshift transformer to reactor 2 at 4:30 A.M. EDT. Engineers were waiting to complete spraying sea water into the reactor 3 fuel pool before they restore power through the cable to the reactor 2 cooling system. TEPCO says that if it can provide power supply to the other reactors, it could begin restoring some cooling functions. The company said that after fire trucks injected water into reactor 3's fuel pool, radiation levels at the plant's west gate dropped from 31 millirem per hour to 29 millirem per hour at 10:00 A.M. EDT. UPDATE AS OF 5:00 P.M. EDT, THURSDAY, MARCH 17: It is unlikely that radiation released from the nuclear reactors in Japan will harm anyone in the United States, President Obama said in a press briefing this afternoon. "We do not expect harmful levels of radiation to reach the United States, Hawaii, Alaska or U.S. territories in the Pacific," Obama said. He added that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention "does not recommend that people in the U.S. take precautionary measures other than staying informed." Obama said "our nuclear plants have undergone exhaustive study and have been declared safe for any number of contingencies." However, he said that when there is an event such as the Fukushima accident, "we should learn from that. That's why I have asked the NRC to do a comprehensive review of our nuclear plants" in light of the natural disaster that has happened in Japan. In a briefing earlier on Thursday, Gregory Jaczko, chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, said, "There can't be any harm to anyone in the United States" from the Japanese nuclear power plant. Dan Poneman, the deputy secretary of energy, said today that two U.S. flights to Japan collected information on radiation levels. These readings informed the decision to recommend that Americans evacuate an area 50 miles from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear energy facility. Poneman expressed confidence in the safety of U.S. nuclear power plants, saying they're evaluated on a "minute by minute" basis. Taking safety precautions "goes back decades," he said. Tough safety standards have been in effect and upgraded since 1979, he said. Status of Fukushima plants In Japan, engineers have laid a power line that can connect reactor 2 of the Daiichi facility to the off-site power grid, the International Atomic Energy Agency reported. Workers are working to reconnect the power to reactor 2 after they complete spraying water into the reactor 3 complex to provide additional cooling to the used fuel pool. Reconnecting to the power grid is expected to enhance efforts to prevent further damage at the plant. Japan's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency reported on Thursday that the backup diesel generator for reactor 6 is working and supplying electricity to reactors 5 and 6. TEPCO is preparing to add water to the storage pools that house used nuclear fuel rods at those two reactors. UPDATE AS OF 1:30 P.M. EDT, THURSDAY, MARCH 17: Radiation readings at the Fukushima Daiichi site boundary were measured today at a lower level, between 2 and 3 millirem per hour. UPDATE AS OF 11:35 A.M. EDT, THURSDAY, MARCH 17: Fukushima Daiichi The reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi plant are in stable condition and are being cooled with seawater, but workers at the plant continue efforts to add cooling water to fuel pools at reactors 3 and 4. The status of the reactors at the site is as follows: Reactor 1's primary containment is believed to be intact and the reactor is in a stable condition. Seawater injection into the reactor is continuing. Reactor 2 is in stable condition with seawater injection continuing. The reactor's primary containment may not have been breached, Tokyo Electric Power Co. and World Association of Nuclear Operators officials said on Thursday. Access problems at the site have delayed connection of a temporary cable to restore off-site electricity. The connection will provide power to the control rod drive pump, instrumentation, batteries and the control room. Power has not been available at the site since the earthquake on March 11. Reactor 3 is in stable condition with seawater injection continuing. The primary containment is believed to be intact. Pressure in the containment has fluctuated due to venting of the reactor containment structure. TEPCO officials say that although one side of the concrete wall of the fuel pool structure has collapsed, the steel liner of the pool remains intact, based on aerial photos of the reactor taken on March 17. The pool still has water providing some cooling for the fuel; however, helicopters dropped water on the reactor four times during the morning (Japan time) on March 17. Water also was sprayed at reactor 4 using high-pressure water cannons. Reactors 5 and 6 were both shut down before the quake occurred. Primary and secondary containments are intact at both reactors. Temperature instruments in the spent fuel pools at reactors 5 and 6 are operational, and temperatures are being maintained at about 62 degrees Celsius. TEPCO is continuing efforts to restore power at reactor 5. Fukushima Daini All four reactors at the Fukushima Daini plant have reached cold shutdown conditions with normal cooling being maintained using residual heat removal systems. UPDATE AS OF 9:00 P.M. EDT, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16: Crews began aerial water spraying operations from helicopters to cool reactor 3 at Fukushima Daiichi shortly before 9 p.m. EDT on Wednesday, March 16. The operation was planned for the previous day, but was postponed because of high radiation levels at the plant. News sources said temperatures at the reactor 3 were rising. Each helicopter is capable of releasing 7.5 tons of water. Spokesmen for TEPCO and Japan's regulatory agency, Nuclear and Industry Safety Agency, on March 17 Japan time refuted reports that there was a complete loss of cooling water in the used fuel pool at Fukushima Daiichi reactor 4. The spokesmen said the situation at reactor 4 has changed little during the day today and water remained in the fuel pool. However, both officials said that the reactor had not been inspected in recent hours. "We can't get inside to check, but we've been carefully watching the building's environs, and there has not been any particular problem," said TEPCO spokesman Hajime Motojuku. At about 7 p.m. EDT, NISA spokesman Takumi Koyamada said the temperature reading from the used fuel pool on Wednesday was 84 degrees Celsius and that no change had been reported since then. Typically, used uranium fuel rods are stored in deep water pools at temperatures of about 30 degrees Celsius. Recent radiation levels measured at the boundary of the Fukushima Daiichi plant have been dropping steadily over the past 12 hours, Japan's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said on Wednesday night (U.S. time). At 4 a.m. EDT on Wednesday, a radiation level of 75 millirem per hour was recorded at the plant's main gate. At 4 p.m. EDT, the reading at one plant site gate was 34 millirem per hour. By comparison, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's annual radiation dose limit for the public is 100 millirem. Radiation readings are being taken every 30 minutes. Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary, Yukio Edano, said earlier today a radiation level of 33 millirem per hour was measured about 20 kilometers from the Fukushima Daiichi plant earlier this morning. He said that level does not pose an immediate health risk. Edano said that TEPCO has resumed efforts to spray water into the used fuel pool at the damaged reactor 4. TEPCO also continues efforts to restore offsite power to the plant, with up to 40 workers seeking to restore electricity to essential plant systems by Thursday morning, March 17. UPDATE AS OF 5:45 P.M. EDT, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16: U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission Chairman Gregory Jaczko told members of Congress today that there is no water remaining in the fuel pool at reactor 4 at Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. Jaczko told members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee that "we believe that secondary containment has been destroyed and there is no water in the spent fuel pool�radiation levels are extremely high, which could impact the ability to take corrective measures." There is no updated information available from either Tokyo Electric Power or Japanese safety or regulatory officials on the status of the Fukushima plant. Japan's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said it also is concerned about the spent fuel storage pool at reactor 3 at the Fukushima Daiichi site. Also testifying before the House committee, Energy Secretary Steven Chu restated the administration's commitment to nuclear energy. "The American people should have full confidence that the United States has rigorous safety regulations in place to ensure that our nuclear power is generated safely and responsibly," Chu testified. "Information is still coming in about the events unfolding in Japan, but the administration is committed to learning from Japan's experience as we work to continue to strengthen America's nuclear industry. "Safety remains at the forefront of our effort to responsibly develop America's energy resources, and we will continue to incorporate best practices and lessons learned into that process." Chu said. "To meet our energy needs, the administration believes we must rely on a diverse set of energy sources, including renewables like wind and solar, natural gas, clean coal and nuclear power." The administration and Nuclear Regulatory Commission on Wednesday said that they believe it is appropriate for U.S. residents within 50 miles of the Fukushima reactors to evacuate. In response to nuclear emergencies, the NRC works with other U.S. agencies to monitor radioactive releases and predict their path. All the available information continues to indicate Hawaii, Alaska, the U.S. Territories and the U.S. West Coast are not expected to experience any harmful levels of radioactivity. UPDATE AS OF 4:30 P.M. EDT, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16: Japanese authorities have reported concerns today about the condition of the used nuclear fuel pools at Fukushima Daiichi reactor 3 and reactor 4. Officials also are preparing to spray water into reactor 4 from ground positions and possibly later into reactor 3. Some debris on the ground from the March 14 explosion at reactor 3 may need to be removed before the spraying can begin. Most plants store used fuel in steel-lined, concrete vaults filled with water, which acts as a natural barrier for radiation from the used fuel. The water also keeps the fuel cool while the radiation decays-or becomes less radioactive. The water itself does not leave the used fuel pool. Used nuclear fuel at the Fukushima-Daiichi plant is stored in seven pools (one at each reactor and a shared pool) and in a dry container storage facility (containing nine casks.) The used fuel pools are designed so that the water in the pool cannot drain down as a result of damage to the piping or cooling systems. The pools do not have drains in the sides or the floor of the pool structure. The only way to rapidly drain down the pool is to have structural damage of the walls or the floor. For more information on used fuel pools, see our new fact sheet, "Used Nuclear Fuel Storage at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant." The U.S. government on Wednesday recommended that Americans within 50 miles of the Fukushima Daiichi plant evacuate the area. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has posted this news release on its website regarding the evacuation recommendation. The information contained in NRC's recent press release is new and industry is still evaluating the radiation dose calculations since there is little context for the numbers provided in the press release. On the surface, the estimated doses look to be extremely conservative, but we have no additional information on which to evaluate them. UPDATE AS OF 10:00 A.M. EDT, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16: News reports that high radiation levels led to the evacuation of all workers from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station are not accurate (emphasis added). Workers were evacuated for about an hour but returned to the site to continue efforts to restore safe conditions at the plant. Restoration of electrical power to the site was under way at the Daiichi plant as of 6:00 a.m. EDT Wednesday. A temporary cable was being connected between an off-site power line and Daiichi reactor 3. Off-site power has not been available at the site since the earthquake on March 11 Reactors 1, 2 and 3 at the plant are being cooled with seawater. There is some level of uranium fuel damage at all three units, and containment structure damage is suspected at reactor 2 Before the earthquake, reactor 4 had been in refueling and was completely defueled. Attempts to provide cooling water to the used fuel pool at reactor 4 by helicopter were not successful. Preparations are being made to inject water into the fuel storage pool using a high-capacity spray pump. There have been two fires inside the reactor containment building at reactor 4, but they have been extinguished. Although the reactor containment building at Unit 4 was damaged, the primary containment vessel remains intact At the Fukushima Daini site, all four reactors are safely shut down and cooling functions are being maintained.
I got terrible acne. I always had clear skin but then when I got the PCOS my face was horribly covered in acne. I was able to get prescription acne cream so that went away but I still have to use it at least once a week or I get it back slowly but surely.
Angus (sighs deeply) - Mom, don't you see? Ever since N got a tattoo, he isn't the same person anymore. He's changed. He's taller and has more muscles and grunts a lot and he even has a yucky beard cause he forgets to shave. And stupid girls all like him and write on his arms. He's not the same anymore and it's all because of the tattoo!
Brewmaster Taylor Smack is a generous and welcoming host, not to mention one with a considerable amount of beer cred. Hailing from Chicago's famous Goose Island brewpubs as the former head brewer, in addition to running the brewing operations at the South Street Brewery in Charlottesville, Smack has obviously logged some hours as a skilled craftsman of better beer. And his new outfit is no exception.
Another thought I had this last week on my trip North:
So now, all I can say to myself is: Way to go girl, you’re on track.
From inside a window underneath those meaner ones, Morgan’s father sighed in relief to see her lips move and know that she was talking to her doll again. That was one of his daughter’s favorite games, that and tea party, and it made him feel better that he had made her play outside to see that she was having fun out there. He smiled to think that he would be able to tell his ex-wife that she worried too much. It wasn’t doing any harm at all that she had no one to play with out there. Kids were great at entertaining themselves he told himself while he reached for coffee mug.
What do you get when you fall in love?
I'll be back in about 2 weeks.
4. I’ve also commenced fall schedules at church, in the community, and certainly not least, at our local YMCA. I’m working out six days a week and twice on Monday and Tuesday. Not kidding. I’m not losing weight if that’s what you think. No, not yet. I’m eating anything I want. I mean, my metabolism is revvved and I’m hungry. “Lay off! I’m starving!”
I wanted to lie down
It rained the whole day, so the zoo wasn't crowded at all, and it offered the perfect mix of outdoor space to run around in, and indoor places to take a break from the rain (and eat snacks).
that hides dormant
The gypsy (called Lee as all soothsayers are)
This time I had the honor of filling a good number of your requests. Not surprising to notice, all of these requests were for older music.
"In the end, it was the matchless skill and courage of these Americans that secured this triumph for our country and the world," one official said.
I added more than a cup of water to get it to this stage. The dough will be thick, not dripping like pancake batter. But sticky enough that you wouldn't want to try and knead it.
Thank you very much, Miriam! The unicorn is now off for a gallop along the beach, keeping an eye out for blue beach huts...
At the appointed hour, we meet in the lobby and jump a cab that is propelled downtown by a driver of Eastern European extraction. It appears unlikely that this fella is possessed of a license as red lights are run at a terrifying pace but, eventually, we’re deposited relatively unscathed outside a not-terribly-enticing bar in a particularly seedy part of lower-Manhattan. This isn’t looking that promising but a beer is a beer is a beer – we push our way in and up to the bar.
The daglanut ended, children and parents cheered, the familiar sounds of Hatikvah and Ani Maamin, and then the sky burst forth in color, as fireworks erupted overhead. Once again the loudspeakers blared the words of another song into the dark skies exploding with light: “ Shimu Echai….Listen My Brothers, I am still alive…”
circumstances. Saw this stand set up in Gitta's
So we are making some changes around here. Not only are we changing our mindset, but we are also letting ourselves be a little less frugal in exchange for better food. Sure it costs more and right now we could use every penny we have, but we think this is important. To compensate our portion sizes are a little smaller, and probably more appropriate, and we aren't eating meat as the centerpiece of our meal each night. And we are taking this just one step at a time. Last week we bought our first dozen of local, cage-free eggs and most of our vegetables at the co-op. Maybe next week I'll buy our milk there too.
Our Turn
But let's take a look at how the relationships of Jack and Kate and Sawyer and Kate could be said to respectively represent the two different types of romance - the sensational and modern versus the subtle and classic.
So...there were a ton of these holes to make.
Teal: Sweet RELIEF!! The rain hit at 7 and I could not have been happier. Had the crazy humidity kept up it would have been a different story. Everyone around me literally started to cheer! Most people put their hands in the air and you could just tell we all wanted that rain. This excitement died shortly after, and honestly I got a little worried. I didn’t want to deal with lightening or anything and decided to speed it back up and just get off the course. It pretty much rained consistently during these miles!
“Stop,” said a voice. I looked up, and saw a a person in a black costume, holding a bow and arrow. The tip of the arrow was in the shape of a heart.
Remove cheesecake from the oven and let cool completely on a wire rack.
3. Joe is waiting (to the right of this photograph) to be announced.
That's where the first distillation occurs. When the distillate leaves that still it goes to the one pictured here, the doubler. A doubler is a type of pot still. There are two types of doublers. One is the conventional doubler, the other is the thumper. For a conventional doubler, the distillate is condensed into a liquid before it enters the doubler. For a thumper, it's introduced while still a vapor, and the introduction of hot vapor causes a thumping sound, like when a cold radiator pipe gets hot.
Except when I do get to catch up I can't find him. And I can't find any of his pals either; wee Cam and Stu are not there. Forrie I know had dropped out, but where were Mark and Malc?
E44
Peace. Love. Cupcakes.
So today, my husband and I begin the process of becoming orphans. A journey where we will no longer have parents, but where we are the parents. Where the younger generation begins looking to us for the same wisdom and knowledge we have sought from our parents.
And Reepicheep, as my last big kid at home, has been working on things like sketching, investigating botany, reading like a fiend, knitting, and writing stories. I know she'll learn whatever she needs to know as she needs to know it, so it's been a blessing just seeing her gravitate toward things which truly interest her.
Earlier this year, when Oregon looked to be on the road to play in the National Championship for the second straight year but then lost to USC effectively killing their chance, I thought it was a disappointment to play in the Rose Bowl. And it was.
And, to tell you the truth, if she had just stopped a few inches short of cutting the left-hand side of her hair off, she wouldn't have done too bad a job!
-$1.50 off Neosporin Product AND Band-Aid Adhesive Product, (SS 07/31/11)
And what happens if he doesn't grow out of it, whatever it is? What do our thwarted expectations lead to? "He's a hopeless case" perhaps, or similar sentiments? Ouch! These are cultural weapons we use to beat up the square pegs among us, the angry ones, the sad ones, the bloody but unbowed ones. They are not like us, therefore they're a lost cause.
Imagine our surprise when we won.
Do we eat homeless people? Do we murder kittens? Do we regularly eat at Taco Bell? No (too many calories), no (those little bastards can bite), and HELL no (I said we were insane, not suicidal).
The answer is contained in step (3). Dawkins’s objection here is that we’re not justified in inferring design as the best explanation of the complex order of the universe because then a new problem arises: who designed the Designer? (Because Dawkins erroneously thinks that the World Ensemble is simple, it never occurs to him to ask, “Who designed the World Ensemble?”) This question is apparently supposed to be so crushing that it outweighs all the problems with the World Ensemble hypothesis.
Using your finger tips, smear those two pastes together to bind.
So I took a journey,
Through teary eyes, the old man watched from behind the tree. He saw the mother read the note, and tenderly pull the dog inside. Smiling, the old man wiped his eyes with the sleeve of his cold, damp coat as he disappeared into the night whispering, "Merry Christmas, my friend."
However, the lady caught red-handed in an amorous moment did not leave boasting about her sins and flaunting about like a peahen.
Item #: 11CWW-BS1001
They do mention that they must have been asleep for 1000 years — which seems to more or less be a direct reference to Gargoyles. They also had a “clawmarks in steel?!” kind of moment.
Damn! Why is this so hard? This used to be my cup of tea, a piece of cake (now I’m hungry). Earlier I felt calm and thought I could focus but I get so distracted by so many things. Then I ask myself, “why do I need to do this?” Then I go back to the litany of reasons why I need to do this, and the long and short of it is because I need to earn more. Goodness gracious, I’m sick of this!
My husband suggested hanging the suitcases on hooks in the "white spaces" above the horrible wire shelves. That would have worked, but I didn't love the idea of entering the closet and seeing a lot of visual clutter on the walls right away. What about hanging them in the white spaces above the door way on the opposite wall? Still easy to access, yet you don't really notice them unless you walk in, turn around and look up. My husband went to town converting our pile-o-suitcases into a purposeful, neatly organized set up.
Just a smile
Can I walk upon this water
Thank you for being the last face I see before I go to sleep at night.
“I know and I’m sorry and I wish there was more time to convince you not to be but believe me when I say you shouldn’t be. Besides I can't be any scarier then gruesome back there.” but Mattie wasn't convinced. Death may have been sitting in front of Khakis but it wore a face she missed with all of her soul despite its grizzly implications.
As you know this year we have our focus on all things Australian and so Skwirk is working as a fabulous supplement. When we are here at home delving more deeply into Australian topics I know I can jump onto Skwirk and find a supplement for that particular topic.
Malila confirmed this week that three assault cases were opened at the Hillbrow police station after the raids and that a police officer had claimed to have been assaulted as well. No arrests have been made.
using the HC western broncos die cut leafy branches from light and dark green cardstock. distress the light green ones with tea dye distress ink and some of the dark green ones with vintage photo distress ink. arrange the branches at the top left corner of your layout. use double sided and 3d tape to adhere them.
From the cover: When we brought out Mr. Spenders Poems of Dedication two years ago, we wrote: This is Mr. Spenders first volume of poems in five years. It represents only a part of his work during that time, but a part which forms a unity by itself and which must therefore appear as a volume by itself.
Me: But, you just said that you prefer your Blackberry for your emails, why?
So as a thank you to all the bloggers, lurkers and other visitors worldwide who end up here, I’m hosting my first ever give away with three things to be given away. In order to enter, just leave a comment. Anything will do – even Hi! – and I’m happy to post worldwide.
Spring is at it's best and the first tiny flowers are on there way out, leaving room for slightly larger and brighter ones. We have a long weekend right now due to some holidays, and the weather is finally bright, sunny and warm.
“I dunno.”
Thankfully our next ‘Must Have’ has stood the test of time and proved a stalwart in every Discerning Gentleman’s wardrobe
Park Bay, however, consist of only three small aggregations and may therefore be
When my husband forgives me . . . and accepts me, I learn to receive God’s forgiveness and acceptance as well. In that moment, he is modeling God to me, revealing God’s mercy to me, and helping me to see with my own eyes a very real spiritual reality.”
Many other people have written about what the day in school is like for children, and about how little choice they have in how they spend their day. Personally, I find it very sad that most parents attempt to control many things that their children do - food, TV, friends - yet blindly trust that school will be a good experience for the child and in keeping with the parent's values. But regardless of whether you think school is the best choice for your child or not, you have to admit that families whose children attend school have to set up a variety of systems at home to ensure that things run smoothly.
This in itself isn't a problem, but the hike we had planned would take a couple of hours, the restaurant wasn't open, and pouring rain isn't totally conducive to a picnic. No tto mention we were hiking to place with a look out tower and views, which would be pretty pointless if the amazing views were shrouded in cloud.
1/2 cup brown sugar
We were in a room in one of the 24 hour hotels around our bus station in San Jose.
Content: 150ml
First 400 years see we actually enjoyed it, constitution written by W.E.B Du Bois. Wasn’t no Reconstruction, Civil War got avoided. Little black Sambo grows up to be a lawyer. Extra extra, on the newsstand: “Black woman voted head of Ku Klux Klan!” Malcolm Little dies as an old man, Martin Luther King red the eulogy for him. Followed by Bill O’Reilly who reads from the Qu’ran. President Bush sends condolences from Iran, where Fox New reports live, that Ahmadinejad wins the Mandela peace prize.
The large bar counter, well-finished in stained wood, offers two banks of five handpumps with regular real ales being Brains Bitter and Greene King IPA, together with guests from breweries such as Daleside in the Lake District and Caledonian in Scotland. There is a jukebox, although the music level is not too high and there are quiet areas where conversation can prevail. Pub games are also popular with a chalkboard menu of more than 10 choices behind the bar.
The journal followed the same process as the card to make it look like a matching set, although I covered the Spirex book with the paper and used the Spiral Punch from Stampin Up so that the paper goes around the spiral binding. Instead of using the same sentiment panel, I've used a border from Just Rite's '10 Designer Centers and Borders' and the receipient's initials for a traditional monogram.
break through now, on this front, or lose its opportunity for the
1 enjoyed
Lord but I panicked… It takes you so long sometimes to respond. Sorry…
I was able to get 10 steaks out of one of them which made it $6.02 for the pot roast and 60¢ for each steak!
Then in the car again for our trip south. We has no chance of making it the whole way to Kings Canyon so we chose a nice sounding free camp on the Finke River (riverbed!). A nice easy set up and plenty of time to wander around the dry riverbed and check the place out. Jordy ran around the little sand dunes and then posed for a photo that he told me was for Nanny and Poppa. :)
Initial Core Group: Linda Alcoff, Mark Alper, Gar Alperovitz, Burton Lee Artz, Salvatore Babones, Rose Brewer, Renate Bridenthal, Roderick Bush, Dominique Caouette, Orlando Caracas, Dana Cloud, Michael Duff, Jon Gobeil, Larry Hanley, Jerry Harris, Richard Huggins, David Fryett, Mark Johnson, Timothy Johnson, Athina Karatzogianni, Gavin Kitching, Lauren Langman, Marnia Lazreg, Kathy McAfee, Peter Mclaren, Bharat Mehra, Hannah Miyamoto, Gregory Morales, Joshua Morris, Kathleen Newman, Jonathan Nitzan, Juan Pablo Ochoa, Tom O’Donnell, Teresa Pac, William Pelz, Sanjay Perera, Frank Phelan, Garry Potter, Melvin Rothenberg, Saskia Sassen, Ellen Schwartz, Justin Schwartz, David Schwartzman, David Schweickart, Navin Singh, Geoffrey Skoll, William Tabb, Harry Targ, Bharat Thakkar, Joseph Varga, Rob Watts, Richard Wolff.
Let me emphasize that you should believe nothing you read, and only half of what you see or hear. I am a lier and a thief. For my family who reads this, I understand that its really the only way you get to know me. Since I refuse to attend any and all family functions. Right now I'm in Hawaii so I have a reason not to interact with family, outside of my immediate family aka my moms and pops.
The Book will be released at the Gothenburg Book Fair on September 23rd and is available in TWO versions: Swedish and English.
Do you see what is horribly wrong with this? No? You're not sure? I guess that is why I am giving this lecture and you paid $50 to be here.
Lace - Vintage Lace (Technique Tuesday)
This Sunday we are going to have a full morning service… a family service, a dedication, and a look at Exodus 15:22-27.
PASOK calls itself a socialist party, but critics on the left have dismissed it as only a name for its support on austerity measures. Polls show that just about 15-18 per cent plan on voting for PASOK.
The report makes several recommendations including: formation of a citizens commission for oversight of the cruise ship activity, management of cruise ships similar to management of other tourism activity within the city, collection of reasonable fees by the city and continued study of the industry’s impact on the city.
Let us always remember to look for ways to lift others, never to tear them down, no matter what may have occurred in the past. We all make mistakes, but the only mistake that will really bring us down is holding on to those mistakes.
We, the parents, together with his teachers, past, present and future, all work together to put that foundation together and continue to help construct his “building”. Quite a big responsibility….for all of us.
heaving him from where he fell
I understand everyone is getting all excited about the introduction of a "fan favorite" character from the comics who popped up at the last minute in the finale. (I only know this "fan favorite" business because of Talking Dead, as I said, I stopped reading the comics early on)
This is a gorgeous Tiffany blue-colored Smith Corona portable typewriter from the 1960s - really the laptop of its day! It is a Cougar model and comes with its original hard carrying cover/case and has a cute handle that makes transporting a cinch.
VG: I have a copy to give away as a prize - can you think of a question to ask readers, and you choose the best reply, perhaps?
What you spend years creating, others could destroy overnight. Create anyway.
I think both. I love stay home all day doing nothing, but I also enjoy going out just for a walk. Then, it completely depends of the weather. It's raining all day long those days, I absolutely don't wanna go outside, except if I have no choice !
And now?
The following information is being submitted in parts III and IV of this joint proposal:
already know her quite well!
Aquaculture
Hannah is many things, above all of them, she is tenacious. Her "get what she wants" attitude often needs to be calmed and reasoned with. The Lord had laid on my heart to pray with the girls, but Hannah kept up her diatribe of begging to play with Emily. As long as it was this important to her, I conceded, and finally said to Hannah, "FINE, go ahead play with Emily. You have a few minutes before she gets to school."
For the research in the Born Vampire series, I had the hero as a 500 year old Romanian vampire and not the leader of the local family of vampires; he is the “Enforcer” or Sergeant Palatine of the group. The hierarchy of this “blood family’ is based loosely on the Knights Templar. The head of the family (read as a clan, nest or coven) is called the Master and Commander with other members as Sergeant Palatine, Knights, and the supreme commander of all is a Grand Master of North America, Europe, or Asia.
by Cheryl Bardoe (Author) and Roy D. Kennedy (Illustrator)
note: I felt compelled to add, in rereading this: this post is about my overactive imagination, nothing more sinister! You all know that, right? Right?!
Whether you view your Sunday as an end to your precious weekend or the exciting beginning of your new week can reveal a lot about yourself. For example, are you the person who views a glass as half empty or half full? If you find yourself on the more negative end of this spectrum (as I must admit I frequently do) then finding a small but significant something that lifts your spirits can also lift the vibe of your entire day.
Waiting like a poised fat cat to spring on a mouse
When Brie's sister, Faith, dies suddenly, Brie's world falls apart. As she goes through the bizarre and devastating process of mourning the sister she never understood and barely even liked, everything in her life seems to spiral farther and farther off course. Her parents are a mess, her friends don’t know how to treat her, and her perfect boyfriend suddenly seems anything but.
amount of research showing the damage
I believe we have a very strong team right now, we just haven’t shown our full potential yet. Halfway through the season the trades happened. We got a lot of new players and two draft picks. I can’t remember exactly who all we got as trades, but I do know we got Johnny Fynn, JJ Hickson and Hasheem Thabeet. We also promoted Kalob Canales as our interim head coach. We pretty much hit the “reset” button on our team, but with our record, I really couldn’t blame them and actually saw it as potential hope. So my wife and I who share a passion for the team watched every game and even attended a few of them. The very first game we played after the trade was as if we had a brand new team. We had never played like that the whole season. We may have still lost but we were absolutely speechless with how good they had played. This was the change we desperately needed. Canales has done an amazing job so far, and our players are proving that the trade was a very good choice. I was sad to see Gerald Wallace, Andre Miller and Marcus Camby go, but it looks like that needed to happen. Wallace carried our team last year with a little help from Aldridge.
using my old canon power shot in macro setting.
Corporate Social Responsibility is an important part of many organizational strategies in Canada. A recent survey identified that 61% of Canadian corporations have taken actions to enhance their impact in their communities. And it goes without saying – they help to enrich lives and build stronger communities as a result of their generosity.
Here's a close-up of Sage:
Daniel has given Delacorte three different authors photos of himself. The truth of which one they are using is still a secret, so he's given each of the three blogs one of the photos.
* Promotion of your art/fiction/video
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
I'm one step closer to having a piece I can ship through the mail, get your credit cards ready!
And God, You know I just can’t see beyond the door
It has a relatively simple format with photographs of each type of rocket or missile alternating with descriptions. It was a "train-spotting" sort of book (if I am using the term correctly), that allowed the child to see all the varieties of vehicles that were out there. This was a common format for getting a space book published. They would use aerospace press release photographs and text and show what was current. Like the airplane books of earlier years there was little discussion of the vehicles beyond dimensions and performance characteristics.
May 12, 2012 10:00-12:30 "Learn to Color Stamped Images w/ Alcohol Ink Markers pt 1" **Just Added**
After a lovely welcome from the organisers – freelance journalists Janet Murray and Louise Tickle – we kicked off the day with a keynote speech from Gary Smith, the UK News Editor at the BBC, who told us that all he had was “a typewriter and an ashtray” when he began his career. 30 years on, he believes the industry is “much tougher” and that, thanks to citizen journalism, news coverage is now a “partnership with the public.”
The addition of mung bean sprouts made in your own kitchen really fills out this meal. I did a bit of research, and I found this post rather helpful. My method was to rinse and soak the mung beans overnight. Then I transfered the beans to a stainer, covered with plastic wrap, placed over a bowl, and put them in a cool place on my cupboard. I washed the with cold water every 8 to 12 hours, being careful not to shake up the beans, and replaced the plastic wrap. I repeated this for 4 days and ended up with tender, plump and delicious home-sprouted mung beans ready to eat.
Recently we were asked about the possibility that a victim is overreacting and exaggerating, and in fact her husband isn’t an abuser after all. I suspect that just about every abuse victim spends some time going back and forth with thoughts like these. Doubts. What if she is wrong? These are the kinds of things that go through her mind.
“For myself I can say that, having had every good thing that money can buy, an experience like another, I could part without a pang with every possession I have. We live in uncertain times and our all may yet be taken from us. With enough plain food to satisfy my small appetite, a room to myself, books from a public library, pens and paper, I should regret nothing.”
5. Add the creme fraiche and bring the dish to the boil. Then turn down the heat to gentle simmer and season well, adding the parsley.
The Pennsylvania state retirement system, which has about 46 percent of its money in alternative investments, paid those managers 77 percent of the system’s total $195 million in fees last year. Last fall, the system replaced the two consulting firms that had promoted that strategy. Over the last five years, its annual returns of 3.6 percent lagged behind its peers’.
HackneyChild by the way showed no sign of recognition, and I wasn't going to encourage him. It must be a nightmare for the poor woman in playgrounds - she must know that every mum there knows exactly who she is and probably half the kids as well. It's like David Tennant trying to hang out at a Doctor Who convention unnoticed.
The raisin coconut oatmeal cookie (not vegan) was a cinnamon-y cookie, filled with chewy raisins, coconut shavings and chunks of semi-sweet chocolate. It was sort of like an "everything but the kitchen sink" cookie. Dee-lish.
In between all this, the 2008 Callabriga wine went so good with the food and conversation!
34. The Return Of Euro-Stalinism, looks at the material basis for the Left Statism that dominates sections of the Labour Movement.
My mother was a lovely woman – bright, sociable, caring and stoic. Growing up I thought all parents were pretty much the same as mine; I had no real idea of the luxury I was afforded by having two well-educated, left wing, cultured parents. Not just in financial terms were we lucky , it was also the intellectual luxury. The enjoyment of debate and discussion. Of having a house full of their bohemian friends. The glamour of parties at home and seeing Mum dressed up in her finery to go out. I wish I’d kept her black cigarette holder. I thought it so wonderful and decadent as a child.
So I had this idea ... I'd use a Happy Birthday sentiment with the Happy part as petals of a flower. Here's what came out:
Nothing in my life has affected me like becoming a mother – it is joyful, and challenging. Without your village, it is desperately isolating.
Avril Lavigne doesn’t really try to hide the spite in this song at all. It’s kinda disguised in the sense that the gender of the characters in the song have been switched around, but who is she kidding? It’s pretty obvious that somewhere along the line, Avril was dumped by some guy who had a problem with her baggy clothes.
“I have a suggestion.”
Now, the loose ends have been tied. I’m exhausted. No wonder I put off writing this post for so long.
Our office is such a great candidate for a reality television program. You would love us. We would get fabulous ratings. And we would look extremely stylish while doing it.
While we want the English language to conform to predictable rules, sometimes we just have to kiss logic goodbye.
Everything about this book feels wrong from the main villains (Count Nefaria and Ultron), to the setting (Hollywood), and even the supporting cast (an ex-SHEILD agent Buck Lime, and former Avenger Echo) don’t seem like they fit. I can understand wanting to change a concept around if it’s grown stale, but it needs to have a reason within the context of the story. If you’re just going to randomly change everything about a character that hasn’t seen much change since their introduction 37 years ago, then you may as well just create a new character.
He will do the same for you!
Two lovely ladies passed this Sunshine Award my way last week! If you don't know these two girls yet, let me introduce them to you! ;D
But not content with taking advantage of the Afrikaner-created wealth, the blacks began a terroristic campaign by the African National Congress that killed thousands. Where was their Gandhi? They bombed public places, mined roads killing innocent civilians and sabotaged productive infrastructure. Although the government reacted to this, most deaths were caused by black-on-black violence. A particularly barbaric murder method was approved of by the wife of Nelson Mandela -- the necklacing, a summary execution carried out by forcing a rubber tire, filled with gasoline, around a victim's chest and arms, and setting it on fire. This was used against opponents in internecine ANC warfare.
Just around the coast from Woolacombe is Ilfracombe. It's a lovely seaside town. When we visited there we stopped for a cream tea at the St James Tea Room. Worth visiting if you happen to be near by!
* From El Tangauta, a monthly tango magazine from Buenos Aires, December 2009
Jill Morganelli, Horticultural Supervisor at the Arboretum, will present her best fruit tree and shrub selections for Southern California backyards. These must-have proven performers are well suited to urban environments and will provide loads of delicious fruit. Jill will share her criteria for making good choices when shopping for plants and share some basic growing tips. She will also highlight selections from our new Garden for all Seasons. Get the inside ‘picks’ for a bountiful harvest of fresh fruit from your yard to the kitchen table. Jill teaches many classes at the Arboretum, including Organic Fruit & Vegetable Gardening, a very popular ongoing seasonal series. www.arboretum.org
you may have noticed that November has ended. And thus endeth National Novel Writing Month.
How about you? Are you in a between time, too?
Brain loss. Those are basically the only two words that I can think of about the state of myself right now. Well, that and soreness in the back/legs/shoulders from my backpack. Backpacks. Are. Lethal.
As usual I made a journal page and had an absolute blast. I'm not the worlds best calligrapher but to use the calligraphy pens for doodling the flowers was brilliant fun. If you keep the pen at the recommended 45° angle while you draw it gives you the thin and thicker lines which make it look like ribbon. Above you can see the pens I used on this page. On the blog you'll see lots more doodle inspiration.
Those are potentially big hurdles to get by and still have a productive home-scale farm and they're a big part of the reason that I'm leaning in the direction of some kind of a permaculture solution. From what I have read and in my experiences so far, finding a balance with the natural world is not only as productive - many would argue more so - than traditional agriculture, it's also a lot less energy intensive. And the energy going into a productive farm is not only in the forms of electricity or fuel, it takes the shape of time and manpower; both things that are a premium for our situation.
Iván Meade – Your blog is a great window into the everyday life of Michael Devine. What made you decide to start blogging and what has your response been like?
Kind of seems like the fig was meant for placement on higher up displays, looking down.
I should note, as I have in previous coverage, that the district attorneys in Oregon’s 36 counties — not the attorney general — initiate most criminal prosecutions. The Department of Justice, which is led by the attorney general, does have responsibility to assist district attorneys and defend appeals of criminal convictions in trial courts.
the porch is just deep enough to put a twin bed out there for napping. if you look out my girls' bedroom windows, they look right at the guest house, and i'm sure there will be many days that they'll spy my dad asleep on that porch bed.
"How disgusting!" the worldly say. You know they do...they invented the words that cut to the bone.
Queen of Heaven she is called. For she rules the gods, and holds in her grasp the powers of the sky, of storm, and even the stars if she so wills it, would plummet to the earth, would quench their lights, would move their masses to hold new shapes.
I got one keg left in this mess that we ain't drunken dry
From Tai Chi to the Rowing Fisherman
Last week, poets who entered the contest began hearing back, and surprise, surprise: it's definitely a vanity anthology scheme. Their responses came from Eber & Wein Publishing, located not in Manhattan, but in Shrewsbury, PA. I reproduce the letter in full, because it is such a classic piece of scheme-speak, complete with appeals to God:
“But God has no history. He is too completely and utterly real to have one.”
THE UPSIDE-DOWN FOUNTAIN
Yes, that’s how it works. And that quote reflects a rank cowardice and adbication on the part of the White House to make tough calls and assume real leadership when circumstances call for it.
1 tablespoon pepper, ground
Once we got home, I cleaned the camera, added some rechargeable batteries and a SD memory card. Would you believe it?! The camera worked! From that minute on, my four-year-old has been snapping pictures non-stop. Pictures of the ceiling, plants, trees, her sister, the dog... even some candid photos of her mommy sitting on the toilet (which were quickly deleted I might add).
Before beginning the explanation of the divisions of the beach, I must explain that Port Aransas is a long, thin island. The beach is marked with mile markers every 10th of a mile, starting with 0 in the town of Port Aransas, and leading to over 100 on the far end of the island.
Is there really anyone who thinks this works! I am beside myself. Check out the video for said burger pizza and fear the end. It is near.
A sweet little leather bag - so so soft!
Breathe deeply and know that you are loved.
i've never heard my voice out loud before
I’m not trying to be mean, but I wasn’t joking in the title.
First up, I drew out my K on a leftover sheet of 3/4'' plywood. I couldn't decide if I wanted 5 x 7's or 4 x 6's, but after laying out both sizes, the 5 x 7 K was just too big. I do kind of wish I would've made this so the arms of the K were the same size as the body, but I still like the final outcome.
Read NBCLosAngeles.com’s coverage of council’s mission to cut racist remarks
In the tall grass, in the ones I love
Investigators found no evidence that the Western regional director used the authority of her employment or confidential information to assist her husband's business in obtaining the contract, Wagner said.How did they determine this? Well, the regional director, Susanne Hobart, told them that the business was started before she married her husband, that she doesn't have any financial interest in the company, and "that she was aware her husband's company was going to submit a proposal in response to the RFP issued by the PLCB but she and her husband had agreed not to discuss it." How about that! They agreed, in the sanctity of their own home, not to discuss it.
cocktail that is perfectly suited to their own personal taste. Every person has a unique taste profile, with a different reaction to each of the five elements of taste: sweet, sour, bitter, salty and umami. In the same way that coffee drinkers know whether they like their latte ‘extra hot’, ‘skinny’ or ‘triple shot’, Grey Goose aims to give cocktail drinkers the vocabulary and understanding they need to be able to discover a cocktail that is just right for them.
You playing round the garden trees,
Gives somewhere back the thoughts by England given;
But then we do a complete 180 and look at the other perspective. I look at all the amazing things that have happened or will happen. I’ve been given a chance to start my life over again; I’ve been given a chance to escape. This wouldn’t have happened if certain key events had taken place. I look at some of my friends’ lives, and you can’t just help but notice that some amazing things have happened. And they acknowledge it. They don’t take credit for it. Not. One. Bit.
i have never read anything of higher value or clarity and this
The black scale I found at The Attic here in Fredericksburg. Isn’t it just awesome!!! Now, I have two rusty, chippy, old kitchen scales. I’m pretty sure that counts as a collection.
into every nook, into every hollow,
- It is referred to as a "magic box".
I've been away for a few days. Sorry about that. I got really busy at work. About a week ago I had a Sunday afternoon that was relatively free and so I had my choice of things to do to relax. I could watch a movie. I could read some comic books. I could digitize some records. I could even take a nap. However what I decided to do was start up a new mix. This mix in fact. It has been a few years since my last rain mix so this is long over due. I had a whole lot of songs built up in my itunes folder for use on this mix. I of course didn't use them all, but needless to say I had plenty to choose from.
It must be a very fine line because most people don't see it and don't really care. They either throw out all eroticism as porn or imbibe all porn as if it were mere eroticism.
19.Golden Breast (unknown)
I’m the most wounded, wolves stalk,
Females gorillas approch a male really slowly by making sexy eye contact like woman will do. If the male doesn’t respond to the proposition, she will try another way to catch his attention like for example slapping the ground. Let’s remember that gorillas DNA is 98 % similar to the human DNA!
I guess what I am trying to articulate is that there is so much more out there than what I am doing right now. The dreamer in me wants to dive in and go for it, while the realist's voice is in the back of my head saying it would be foolish to do such a thing. I know it's extremely important for me to work considering today's economy and the fact that the military doesn't exactly pay well for enlisted service members. I also have to think about the fact that as a military spouse who can be told to pick up and move at any time, and told to go anywhere that my school and career options are limited as long as my husband remains in the service.
Which brings us to Spotify, whose rumored Pandora clone could offer a major improvement over the current, Echo Nest-powered radio service. But more importantly, drive more premium subscribers and even fill some catalog gaps (however imperfectly).
I was watching a sci fi show the other week and one character was telling another that the secret to happiness is being happy with what you already have–the other responded with, but if I had what made me happy, I’d be happy already. Many times in western culture, we look at this as a metaphor for objects and love to bring this up around Christmas or Thanksgiving. I think though it can run deeper than that. I can go to a place of–who I am is good enough, how I was made in this world is good enough, I have everything I need available to me right now just because I’m here, and that we are all each of us loved just as we are–whole complete and perfect. My teacher said something once along the lines of this: don’t say you don’t love yourself–of course you love yourself, look at the lengths you go to just to survive! I think though that I don’t always let myself feel that love, open up to it. Some lie inside that if I’m content, I’d be stagnant–which of course is false. I can be in life as I am in dance–joyful, content while moving and creating. And appreciating the beauty of this life is also appreciating the beauty of me.
- day: .75
The second bonus is that hit location is linked to the amount of damage done. Now getting hit in the head always means taking a lot of damage which seems a lot more realistic than the system in the rules. No more hitting a goblin repeatedly in the head with your battleaxe only to give it a headache.
( I wonder how I can gently assert my boundaries to this person. I wonder how I can evoke kindness and see this person with love. )
On the subject – The Worthington's name - rejuvenated over recent years courtesy of the now legendary 'White Shield' is part if the Molson Coors stable these days. One benefit of having big corporate parents is that you get shiny new toys to play with, such as the purpose built 'William Worthington's Brewery' - a recently constructed state-of-the-art facility.
Your heart races when you see a red flag pop up above the snow. Sometimes the wind releases the flag, so you do plenty of running for nothing. Each time you see a red flag, you imagine a record breaking trout on the end of your line and run like the wind.
More than anything, it seems like Watts wants young journalists to utilize social media to their advantage, to realize it is now part of their jobs. A week after our interview, she was insisting I create a Twitter account. I’m grateful to her – part of this project is my personal metamorphosis as a journalist. I hope you benefitted from her words as much as I have! Until next time!
pattern, but if you sell them online, you must link to this pattern. You may not sell this pattern or claim it as your own. You may publish or post a link to this pattern, but you may not publish or post this pattern in whole or in part.
I have not kept it a secret that the events of the last couple of years have taken their toll on my emotional well being. I have, however, had a somewhat secret hell that I have created and lived in as a response.
When I was a kid, the Israelis were automatically the good guys because they sounded like us and wore Western clothes, whereas the Palestinians/Arabs sounded like foreigners and wore costumes straight out of Lawrence of Arabia.
I'm looking forward to trying out one of these quilts sometime and think the simplicity of the Stacks design is calling me. Thanks Modern Quilt Studio for sending me this copy!
I turned away and walked into our new home. The kitchen was cold now. The countertop unacccountably grubby. A stench reached me from the downstairs loo. Whelan, I felt sure, had been here too.
Of course just because your water breaks doesn't mean a baby is going to drop out (although I do know a little lady where this is the case, girl you know who I'm talking about), I knew this but apparently my friends who were all seasoned mothers had forgotten that bit of information and insisted on following my car home, all of them. So that we made a little convoy of slowly moving vehicles (its hard to drive when putting your foot on the gas causes more amniotic fluid to rush out)all travelling the five minutes to my house.
Inside is an L shaped bar with a room sporting wicker chairs and plants on the left, (eat your heart out GBG description of the Old Heavygate!) where the handpumps are, and a snooker room straight ahead with two or three areas on the right, most of which were being used by diners. There are 4 handpumps on the bar and the full range of Leila Cottage beers are usually on. Alas, the Lincolnshire Life had run out, but that still left 3 to choose from, and at sensible prices. The weaker beer, Leila's Lazy Days, is 3.6% and only £2.30 a pint. Even their strongest (5.1%) beer is only £2.80.
I could sleep without clues.
I really enjoy seeing these artists now. They've aged (so have I). They've matured (so have I). And in some ways so has their music.
A picture of my hubby's treat basket!
“Howard? Great guy, real talented too.”
One of the most significant was a website started by San Francisco area psychologist Anne Vitale. She had a number of essays dealing with key issues involved in coming to terms with being trans, to transition, and eventually to moving on in life. Some of her writings were fundamental for me...about relationships, and the nature of change, and whatnot.
life … is as good as it gets
Seen on Facebook
The Public Speaking Bundle gives you a step-by-step program for developing and giving speeches. It also provides—by far—the best training and preparation techniques that you can find.
But I admit, for years it wasn’t that way. I saw instead what I suspect many people see – the Big Dipper rising. And I knew, sort of vaguely, that this asterism – one of the most familiar in the world – was a major portion of the constellation of the Great Bear, Ursa Major. But really, large as the Dipper is, it’s just the hind quarter of the Big Bear, which is really large, and when I finally took the time to trace out his head and ears and front and rear paws, he quickly became one of my favorite constellations – one of the rare ones like Orion and Scorpius that really look like what they depict. And funny – I can’t explain why, but I seldom see it as a bear except at this time of year when it is rising. Then it seems to dominate my northern sky and my imagination.
Coupled my own imagination, and I did not hesitate to continue down the path of insane dread of inanimate objects that he had started, I lived in a wonderland of terror (this may be why I still need a night light to sleep).
~You don’t HAVE to use any wheat flour—you could do it all with white flour. I just try to make it a teensy bit healthier by doing it this way.
Problem Solving
Since 1949, we have spent more than $3.3 billion on research to increase our knowledge about cardiovascular diseases and stroke. Although we were able to fund nearly 1000 new research awards in 2011, we didn’t have enough funds to cover 741 highly meritorious grant and fellowship applications.
HIV-positive mothers risk passing on the virus to their babies through their breast milk and rely on free formula from state clinics and hospitals to feed their children.
I heat embossed my image and dabbed some Stickles to the bottom and added my little butterfly. I used adhesive pearls to dress up the metal ring and a flourish behind the bow. Finally, stamped the "Happy Spring" sentiment from the same TCM Fly Free stamp set.
It's time for a list. After considering my Salute purchases (as well as the pre-Salute purchases and post-Salute purchases), I thought it fitting to document my current hobby projects and predict where they're going this year.
I went into the 10k knowing full well that my unpredictable knee might decide it didn’t feel like running that day. Still, I had a goal of beating my 10k time from last year – 60 minutes even.
2. Place a skillet over medium heat. Add the pepper puree and let bubble over medium heat, stirring occasionally until most of the moisture is evaporated.
Me: What are you talking about? To my knowledge, "the feminists," as you're calling them, have never taken a baby-hating position.
Needless to say, it is hardly a certainty that Wilders will be Prime Minister any time soon, and far from clear that any coalition government he might be able to form in the future would actually afford him the freedom of manoeuvre he would presumably desire. However, there is clearly a considerable degree of momentum being established in the Netherlands with respect to the incorporation into government policy of many of the key ideas of those who are serious about opposing Islamization.
I’ve just been proofreading some charming books for a very small publisher, and I think their editor was very glad to get the job off her desk; all too often, when the budget is squeezed, the editor of the book will end up having to do the proofreading herself.
As for a breakdown of The Hunger Games on screen, the movie has its own strengths and weaknesses. Please note that from here on out, this Don't Judge A Book contains spoilers... not just from the first book, but from the movie and all of the books.
circa 1793
SpotLightSeattle is looking for an editorial intern who is extremely organized, self-motivated and able to multitask and prioritize. Interns must be interested in lifestyle journalism (real estate, dining, fashion, wine home décor or health/beauty/fitness are a plus but not required), and must be available to work a minimum of two-week days in the offices in Belltown and Mercer Island, with occasional evening assignments.
Part of it was that I had heard how often bikes are stolen here. Or parts of bikes. Still, that's not a huge deal. Also I had seen how close the bus or other cars pass next to the cyclistes. The cyclistes don't flinch. Was I ready for a game of chicken? I also had heard from my friend Vincent that he had once gotten a ticket from the gendarmes for running a red light on his bicycle in Paris on a Sunday in August. August! A 300 euro fine, and they would take away his automobile driver's license if he didn't pay it. That story was scary, but I was hanging onto it simply for justifying my procrastination about getting a bike. I had written about Mayor Delanoe's new Velib program, where bikes will be available for daily rental next to nothing, starting this summer. Maybe I should wait and just rent a bike, to see how it goes. Oh, come on. I was stalling, and not happy with myself for doing so.
These claims have no basis in truth, in fact they are the diametric opposite of the truth. The most generous description is they are academic fairy tales, made up to bolster a false prospectus and to support a political agenda for which the distortion of truth is essential.
As I shared with you all last week, the greatest idea to help keep things running smooth in our homeschool with three little ones in the house is to have Lexi spend two hours teaching them.
They had a favourite chair (so have I, so have lots of people)
danced the tango, skip the life and dango
It could be that I’m over-Evanoviched, so familiar with her formula that I’ve finally gone sour on her. Or maybe, as I thought when I read WICKED APPETITE a week or so ago, she’s reached the too-familiar stage when she’s so hot that nobody edits her anymore. (Not at all familiar to me, obviously. But Neil Gaiman commented a while back that editors aren’t as likely to challenge him now that he’s a hotshot, so he’s under more pressure to do his own quality-control.)
Cod
As they were walking off the 18th green, and while counting his $80,
I prayed that these tears would drain me out, would eat away my features and more beyond that till I no longer existed.
I have been sending out warning signals
Depression is different. Depression may be a physical, mental, chemical, or genetic illness that causes emotional suffering that ranges from sadness to anguish to despair and can last for weeks, months or years and can intensify over time. It made me feel alone even when I was surrounded by family and friends. It felt like being in a deep, dark hole from which escape was hopeless and impossible. I felt like a failure (stupid, and insignificant) and was certain that, after the initial shock, people would move on once I was gone. I had lost both family and friends to death. I knew that there is a period of anger and grief but then there is acceptance and life goes on. At the time I thought it was ok to go because in my depressed reality, I was already gone. I felt so empty inside, like who I used to be didn't exist anymore. That made it ok to leave physically, because inside (mentally, emotionally and spiritually) I felt like I was already dead.
Put butter and sugar in mixing bowl. Be sure butter is soft and at room temperature which means remove from fridge at least 20-30 minutes in advance.
3. Marlin 925 .22LR Rifle: A good single shot bolt action .22 is about as close to idiot proof as you are going to get in a firearm. Under most circumstances less moving parts equals less likelihood of a mechanical failure and if you’re a decent shot then you can accomplish what you need with the “one shot”. That being said, a single shot bolt action .22 can wear on you after a while, especially if your buddy is shooting his semi-auto or lever action right beside you. So how about a bolt action (because there is something really cool about shooting a bolt action rifle. It makes it easy to pretend you are in a WWII movie) rifle that is magazine fed? Presenting the Marlin 925 .22 rifle. Marlin makes a great rifle and the 925 is no exception and in many ways it is the “rule”. It is a very reliable, accurate out of the box gun. It looks great and while it makes a great entry level rifle, it’s also unique enough and cool enough to carry with pride at the range or on a small game hunting venture. Furthermore, unlike the Ruger or the Henry the Marlin comes with sling attachments which for backpacking, hunting, and Zombie Apocalypse situations are very nice to have. Great value to boot.
The double standards are stunning, imagine how many movies would have been made if a group of white psychos had murdered up to 87* black people in the 1970's, yet the Zebra killers are mentioned only in a few true crime books (*the confirmed figure is 16, but many believe that the Zebras killed as many as 71 other white victims). Similarly, a movie about the Carr Brothers would have been a box office smash, if only they had been white, but, of course, they don't count as they raped, tortured and murdered their four white victims all in the one night. (yet I doubt that is why the movie was never made)
Empty bliss,engulfs his will–he’s perfect in weakness.
One thing that shines through each time is their belief in each other. Long seen as another weakness – strange that all of the so-called flaws are strengths depending on your viewpoint – the prerequisite of any trophy winning side is unity and trust. That underpins everything; no divided team has won anything.
Truly know that Thou art mine.
Love Always,
9:15 – 10:15 a.m.– Charlie Trumbull: “Black Haiku: The Uses of Haiku by African-American Poets.”
If you live in the Pacific Northwest a good place to go and do some Canadian research is the Cloverdale Library in Surrey, British Columbia. It is just a few hours from Seattle. It is known for its Canadian genealogical collection. This is where I found my family the Browns and the Boardmans in the census, in Winnipeg several years ago. Yes, this was before it was all put online. I was scrolling through the census and there they were, both families living very close to each other. I actually found the Browns first. It was a very good day! Little did I know that it would open a door for me and I would go from knowing little about this side of the family to what I do know today.
Heath Brandon (a proud Sitcom Room alum) asks:
Here is a Sneek Peek at just one of the Ready to Ship Dog collars that we will be offering during our March Madness Sale.
Kathy asked me to forward this note to all members:
"Yeah.....right...
So this is Lana del Rey who reminds me of a goldfish. I don’t like her voice and I don’t like her songs but the overall package well of course it’s a package and very nicely packaged it is a product they could have made 20 yrs ago if they had known how (and why) and 40yrs ago if they had been paying attention to the future is never what you expect. The King’s Wool, indeed. She was born to die if you believe what she has to say here :
Learning to have faith that the thoughts will subside is so hard, but so worth it.
He broke his ankle. Not a bad break at all, but it landed him in an oh so inconvenient splint and in a lot of pain.
If you look closely, you’ll see that Edgar is in the midst of bathing his brother. Even better than that is he’s actually returning the favor.
1Q84: Book 4 by Murakami Haruki, trans. Philip Gabriel (Knopf, 2015)
Of course, RoboCop is more than just your average futuristic shoot-em-up. Those age-old questions of existence, human qualities and the essence of man versus machine (as well as man joining machine) is examined... if not exactly in-depth, then at least as in-depth so as not to interfere with the story.
e – w Y – o – r – k) is the shocking tale of how a good old country girl has had to fly to New York, hand over $300 at a backstreet clinic and have a foetus terminated. Please don’t get me started on the rights and wrongs of this process – I strongly believe that it is a woman’s prerogative to do what the damn well she pleases with her body and that no Government or Right Wing talking head can tell her otherwise. There are dozens of reasons for wanting or needing to have an abortion and it’s not up to me or to anyone else on this planet to interfere. Oh damn, I did get started, didn’t I? Never mind; back to the music.
A little history: Tacheles was an idea ahead of its time, a shopping mall. Europeans were familar with market halls, in which food-vendors gathered in a covered space to protect themselves and their wares from inclement weather, and arcades, covered single-story collections of merchants, were also not unknown: see Leipzig, for instance. But a multi-story collection of varied businesses, including fashion merchants, was a new idea, and it didn't work. Before the bombs damaged the building, it was already derelict, since its promoters had gone bankrupt. And, like most of Oranienburger Str., it stood empty during the post-war DDR era. The communists didn't quite know what to do with Oranienburger Str., due to its Jewish history, other than to use the Neue Synagogue for peace-oriented rhetorical statements.
Anytime I mention the word "synopsis" in front of a group of writers I hear a collective groan. It seems that many of you would rather go up in front of an editorial firing squad than write a synopsis. Well, I’m here to tell you to get used to it. For the published or unpublished, the synopsis is part of the game. You usually need it to sell your first book and you often need it to sell your hundredth book. If you don’t, you need one for the Art Department, the Marketing Department, or Sales. At some point along the line it is very likely you are going to need a synopsis of some sort. So, where do you start? And how concerned should you be?
And you learn that you really can endure that you really are strong and you really do have worth and you learn and learn with every goodbye you learn.
Available from Boots, Superdrug and online. Priced £2.99.
hair .
The German Federal Patent Court has partially nullified a patent in a procedure where the patentee had defended the patent in a limited form only and the plaintiff had limited his request to the part of the patent that was not defended anymore.
Tampopo (Japan) directed by Juzo Itami
But this email makes it equally obvious that Freddie's Step-Mum could use a manners refresher as well.
Kansas City Star - ‎22 minutes ago‎
So there is some beauty u have discovered today
"You guys, it is like if you were invited onto an historic site, to metal detect, and your coil broke."
Usage - After 9 hours work, my husband carries jaded expressions on his face.
Alexa Tate is more than human. She can swim underwater without holding her breath, scale a brick building in five seconds flat, and hear the emotions of those about to commit a crime. A secretary by day, she uses her skills to hunt down evil at night. She is stronger, faster, and more lethal than anyone she’s ever met.
Love it or hate it, summer is on its way and what better way to welcome it than with your new Ray-Ban Wayfarers? With their cool retro-funky designs, Ray-Ban’s new S/S 2012 Rare Prints Collection is a must-have for every summer-loving beachgoer, or for someone who simply has an eyewear fetish (are there any of you out there?). Available in a variety of shades and colours to choose from, be sure to grab these babies real quick; you never know how many eyewear fetishists already have this on their wish list (I know I do!). Personally, I love the super multi-colored version (shown below) but for the more conservative types, the shades also come in more subtle tones. Happy shopping!
past the evening
Alison: "Hi there! I have an opportunity through a city funded program to open up a storefront in the historic district downtown and thought that your style would nicely complement the space! It would be FREE with the exception of utilities which we could split between vendors and we will have access to this space (hopefully we'll be able to extend) through July/August. Let me know if you're interested and we can talk details."
But because I can't bear to disappoint you fine folks, who join me here in the later months with hearty encouragement for my holiday decoration hating rants, I gift to thee, the rest of the photos deemed eye-scorchingly criminal by my strict standards:
That key has become a symbol for me, a talisman of sorts, reminding me that I have many good friends whose lives are truly open for me. We’ve reached that place where holding each other’s keys is about far more than checking on a house. It’s about checking in on life.
The squad huddled together behind a hill while Sarah loyally drove forward to the guerilla's position.
But this year? Nothing. As I type this, I can hear fireworks popping outside. And not just from the trailer park across the street. It's a big show going on somewhere. I can even see them from our backyard, just over the tops of the trees. Close enough for us to get to and be all American and shit.
They say the Afghan Taliban have grassroots support in the south and southeast, and the movement is a reaction to the lack of Pashtun representation. But they also say the Afghan Taliban are a genuine resistance force fighting an ideological war against foreign invasion. The two views do not coincide.
What jobs/ways of earning money do you, and have you, had?
This is often seen as an oxymoron but it’s not. Your values are constant and your product / service offering is changing through a natural process of evolution. You are not changing your ’cause’ even if you stop doing one thing and start doing another. You can change the ‘what’ without ever changing the ‘why’.
HAMUUL: Thanks for making light of things being burned alive, by the way. That was thoughtful.
The novel as self-generating game. What it generates is the game, the rules of the game, rules to reconstruct old and generate new rules. What are rules? Rules are what they do. What do they do? Rules define the parameters of change.
The best thing to come out of the deal? I get to rent my current place back from the buyer (they bought it as an income property) meaning I don't have to look for a temporary rental or pack up and move right away :D
I held steady this week and was so happy! I started my period on weigh in day (as luck would have it) and was so thankful to not be 10lbs up. Of course, that's how I felt! I had a little cold sneak up on me also, so I was proud that I pushed through and kept my workout routing going.
We should be able to get some extra points here with some more training.
Otto katz orchestra
I have had some very engaging discussions lately with different people about how the negativity of others can interfere with your own life. I came to the conclusion that it can only do that if you allow it. If you remember always that within every human at their source..their centre..their soul if you prefer..is only pure love. If you meet them and see that aspect of them there is no way they can bring your energy down to their level and it is very likely you will bring them higher.
How can a hallelujah be cold and broken? It just sounded so…wrong. So cynical and faithless.
When I was contacted by Scott Meyer's publicist I was truly interested in using my blog to tell you about something cool. Now I tell you about products or cool gadgets sometimes, but it's because I found it, I think it's cool and I want you to know. Normally I have no brand loyalty I'm not pushing an agenda and that's the way I like to keep it. So why this book? When I realized that what we were already doing was trying to create a homestead in suburbia I figured I would check to see if anyone had written about homesteading in small spaces. At that time everything was "If you have 12 acres of land...." or "Here's how to convert your car to bio-desel." And while these things are wicked cool, they aren't really practical for my life, young mom, small kids, trapped in suburbia.
Five 3 month deployments = 450 days deployed.
we go out the same
I'm very productive in terms of cooking these days, yesterday was wonderfully oozy and creamy wild mushroom risotto and today a lovely fresh greek salad, which was preceeded by a royal breakfast of omelette with truffles. the last two were courtesy of my favourite jamie's books - "jamie does...". it's so inspiring and cheerful, just like everything that jamie touches. his brand of cooking is the closest to my heart. sure, I like to challenge myself with an elaborate recipe every once in a while, preferably when I'm at home - spacious, light-filled kitchen with picturesque bucolic scenery outside the windows is much more suited to those kind of pursuits than the "kitchen" in my shoebox-y london flat ;) jamie's style can be desribed in the same way he talks about the aforementioned greek salad - "confident and scruffy with a bit of attitude". it's right up my alley, considering my inherent dislike for strict recipes and measurements.
Like I said, I haven't used them long enough to see real results, but they definitely increase warmth and sweating and blood flow. My tummy feels more controlled and flatter, and my "Thunder Thighs" look much sleeker while wearing them. So I am optimistic about results.
Stuart Kiczek for giving me a shout out at 2009 comic con and so much more.
Now the link I am about to share with you all is 100% legit and is in fact on the JustAnswer.com website. Via the link we have provided for you. So you all can see how counter productive and really silly it seems. HELL…..I maybe DEAD wrong but you just need to click on the link and read the proceeding text to DECIDE FOR YOURSELF……
What I now put under close scrutiny is the value of each upcoming choice.
i told him, “son, do you realize that it takes some guys like 40 years to realize that is the best possible thing you could say to a woman when she is feeling overwhelmed? you may be 11 years old, but in my book, today is the day you became a man.”
The first step is to take a look at my role in my life’s dynamics and make changes where necessary. I need to visit my choices, my relationships, my perspective on me.
So does this really make it fair for someone to say that Bynum is better than Howard or even vice versa? Not really, because until they go head to head with both of them in their prime it’s not real sure who the better player is, but until that day comes I will say Howard is the better center as his numbers prove it. If you would put Howard in Los Angeles there would be no question to who the best center is in the NBA.
Anyway. Here I go, round 2.
More over,
· Go outside at night and see if it sounds different.
Like new laundry and a new sundry of snacks to accompany a body of change
Dr. Vassey, who left a comment below, most likely got it right: the cat likely died from an infarct (thrombus/clot) that acutely became lodged in a blood vessel supplying the intestine. Without normal blood flow, and therefore oxygen, the intestine literally "died."
To make a profit to pay the organisers
The summary on the inside cover of All These Things I've Done gave me pause--a Mafiya daughter, a dystopian, a romance...Could all these things work together in a way that would actually work? (Short answer: Yes.)
I discovered the PERC (Parents Education Resource Center) at my local library yesterday. It's a small room in the basement of the library crammed FULL of toys, games, and educational materials. I really mean crammed and I really mean full. It was overwhelming. I'm quite certain they've saved decades of educational materials and I'm extremely excited to dig around for flannel boards and file folder games to fit my lessons perfectly (and those just to get started...).
My oh-so-clever title comes from a bit in This Is Spinal Tap. One of the fictional band’s early incarnations was called The Originals. But the name was taken, so the band changed its name to The New Originals. That little joke best sums up how I would describe those artists that find that sweet spot between sounding unique but borrowing heavily from the past.
1/2 tsp. paprika
I was surprised to find squad based controls. It’s not overly complex or anything like that, but it’s handy to have in addition to relying on yourself. The game teaches you how to direct a squad mate to target a specific enemy or perform a certain task. It’s really easy to pull off with everything being controlled by the right shoulder button. It’s a neat feature and a welcomed surprise. Still, the enemies in the demo didn’t seem to be overly intelligent but at least would try to have some self preservation as they hid behind cover and moved to a better vantage point. I didn’t have too much trouble through the demo.
Karl: you supported Arlen Specter and
APU offers flexibility: Unlike traditional universities, APU offers classes on a monthly basis (versus semesters), with accelerated programs and flexible courses. APU courses are 100% online, allowing students to obtain degrees from anywhere in the world – on their time, their schedules.
What did we learn? We learned that the old hoax, that Millard Fillmore put the first bathtub in the White House, still stands strong. The ghost of H. L. Mencken, the guy who started the hoax, high-tails it to the nearest hotel bar for a beer; the ghost of Santayana smiles and shakes its head. Fillmore’s ghost looks around for a good book to read.
A terse series of quatrains which evoke the cold and dark realms … of the Ice Age. — Carol Hamilton, New Mirage Quarterly
Zoe Tay declined to comment on the controversy when contacted by the media. Neither did Henry Park Primary School explain its decision to accept Brayden.
But I didn't find many clothes.
They are all so addicted to that little word “change” aren’t they, they flourish it at every juncture and scatter it liberally through any speech, but what do they mean by it?
Being related to apes and having ancient origins are not the biggest objections Christians have to evolution, the thing some really struggle with is randomness and this has always perplexed me. Andrew Brown wrote in The Guardian “Evolution is not God’s enemy but his greatest alibi.” As Christians struggle to explain the very presence and uneven distribution of suffering in our world in terms of good forces or evil ones we would do well to consider the part played by chaos. Free will is the most fundamental of Christian beliefs and its existence necessitates a limitation of God’s hand; if his control were absolute that would be fate, leaving only the illusion of choice. To believe every aspect of the universe is bound by divine destiny, except for human will, seems to me a bizarre conclusion that The Bible does not urge us to draw.
Isolation - Joy Division
Now…since I have decided to embark on the journey of living a healthy lifestyle those delicious treats have now had to gracefully exit stage right so as to keep my waistline semi under control. But to my delight during one of my vulnerable grocery trips when I was walking up and down every isle just to see what new thing the grocery might have brought in (do groceries really ever have anything new? I like to think every time I go in there they do, but I think it is an illusion…I degress). I walked upon the dairy section where I swoon over the cheese and whole chocolate milk (this usually involves tears because I love chocolate milk) and what do I see, Almond Joy coffee creamer! So because I was vulnerable and couldn’t resist I bought some.
Old woman had no troubles so she bought herself a pig.
After the Korean War, things began to fall apart. The senior members of the PLA had been campaigning for twenty to thirty years, and they were tired. China was in ruins, it had to be rebuilt. To make matters worse, the communists then spent the next twenty years indulging in disastrous economic and political experiments. In the mid-1970s, the Chinese communists finally got down to business and introduced economic reforms that are still under way. But reforms in the military were not so easily implemented.
Obama throws Grandma off a cliff Arlene Kushner On US State Department Promoting Islam in Europe More details on nefarious plot to destroy Al Aqsa with an earthquake Syrian Opposition: Down But Not Out Huckabee Uses Limbaugh Advertising “Crisis” to Pimp Competing Show; Attacks “Jewish Reporter” Anne Bayefsky: Hamas Welcomed at UN Headquarters in Geneva Analysis Of Iran And Nuclear Weapons Misses The Point Моссад против СССР,КГБ by alexstupnikov
First, get in position. Move up next to the human and then start backing into her. Go slow here, humans are terribly spooky creatures and may get alarmed if they misinterpret this.
This has given rise to a crisis of order since nothing has changed despite all the actions taken by the leaders of the Anglican Communion. Orombi berated Rowan Williams for failing to exercise any serious discipline saying it made reconciliation impossible.
It’s all too easy to find ourselves feeling overly busy, and yet often the intention behind our tendency to fill up life’s cup is strikingly beautiful. We want to live lives that matter and to make the most of our time here, and we want to show up fully for the things we care about while also tending to our responsibilities. In Thoreau’s words, “we want to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life … And not, when we come to die, discover that we have not lived.” Possibly, these desires are a different version of the impulse that calls forth the budding leaves and the blossoming flowers at this time of year. I know for myself, when I reconnect with my reasons for overfilling my cup, I have more tolerance— sometimes even gratitude— for the tension created between my desire to tend deeply to what I care about and my desire to have enough space so that I can truly offer my presence to these things.
Fiercely in the spear din.
As a final personal touch, my grandmother made individual pans of cinnamon rolls for each of our guests to take home as our wedding favors. Amo-Ink made these cute lables that said "Sweet Dreams". They were perfect.
Life’s but a walking shadow, a poor player
One day I will be on Jeopardy, one day Trebek. In the meantime, for all your trivia folks out there, you can play full rounds of the game at home for free thanks to the Jeopardy Archive. It’s a great trivia site.
Market House
I'll probably update every other day or something. It'll probably end up with me updating when ever I have something I want to talk about it.
- San Francisco's legendary LitQuake is bringing its booze-meets-Byron revelry to Carroll Gardens and Cobble Hill. Carroll Gardens Patch
Since introducing himself as one of Jake’s old school friends at the funeral, Ron has been a regular visitor to the Russell household. Jas thinks he’s creepy but her mother dotes on him. She doesn’t see the threatening scowls or the sly verbal abuse directed at her daughter. She doesn’t seem to mind that the photograph of a handsome young man who died too soon has been turned face down in a nightstand drawer, and replaced by one of the new happy family. Ron, standing proud with a po-faced Jasmine on his shoulders, Simone smiling up at them both in what could be a stock photo of the perfect family. She doesn’t notice the recalcitrance on her daughter’s face. She is blissfully ignorant of the strange shadowy figure in the photograph’s background; the figure of a man beneath a distant
makes me feel good
NT: Life is better as I’m much fitter. I got a border terrier last year (‘Ralphie’ after Sir Ralph Richardson because he looks like him!) and we go for a run every morning. And then a long walk every afternoon. He’s a splendid little lad and we’re best pals. As well as the dog, I also get to see my family a lot more too of course! And they tell me how nice it is to have me around such a lot. I faff about working for my property company/doing charity work for Talking2Minds/reading/going to the theatre and doing the odd trip here and there to see old friends in far flung places. And I make the dinner every night too! There was no point having a cleaner and a gardener when I was around so much so I’m ironing, pruning and dusting too! So I’m becoming quite domesticated. My family finds it all highly amusing as that never used to be me when I was on Fleet Street. In many respects, I’ve never been happier and I don’t fear for the future.
What if New York City built a lot affordable housing, as it once did?
"It's possible that it may not seem to make a difference in some cases, but there's good evidence that it does help with some people. You just don't know. That's the thing. It's the same with other drugs, including Avastin. It doesn't seem to make a huge difference for one group, unlike in your case, where it's certainly helping to keep the oedema at bay as well as containing the tumour."
In Ms Wente's column, Ms Lewis is describing the same autistic boy who Michael Lewis, her husband, promised to institutionalize "immediately" or "shortly thereafter" if ever his ABA program stops for any reason.
The UK Patent Office has responded, saying that it will consider the Court of Appeal’s decision, and will issue a Practice Notice in the next few days.
There really is nothing more frustrating than being forced to procrastinate due to circumstance, when you just want to get going!
While the EPA study does not speculate into the cause of the jump in autism rates, and makes no mention of aborted fetal cells, the researchers point out that it “is important to determine whether a preventable exposure to an environmental factor may be associated with the increase.”
Japan Adolescent sex UK
She asked how I got her number, and I told her about my search through the church directory. We discovered that she shared the same first name as the lady I intended to call, and that her telephone number appeared in the directory by mistake.
Back when I was pregnant with my third child, I got a job as a GED teacher at a drop-in center for homeless youth in Minneapolis. Now, it doesn't take very much time trolling through Google - its deep undergrowth of studies and statistics and reports, its wide canopy of articles and profiles and sob stories - to know that the stats on homeless kids really, really suck. They're at risk for HIV and Hep-C. They're at risk for prostitution and sex trafficking. They're at risk for overdoses. And violence. And pregnancy. And lifelong poverty. They're at risk for everything.
Preheat oven to 175.
You let the road decide
I was surprised to find that the potatoes were sending out roots and establishing themselves fine, just slow. Confident that this was because they needed to be in mulch, I quickly replaced the dirt with the two bags of mulch that I had purchased. The result was a funny looking “polka dotted” potato row. My son and I went home feeling that we had done our job, and that the “tapoes” had indeed been saved.
1 misunderstanding
Another project to do on my list at the beginning of the year was our laundry room. I really didn't like it, making laundry is already a not so pleasant thing to do so I wanted to refresh the look of it and make it a nicer place to go to!
Miss Jenson has just found out her betrothed is only marrying her for her money and she is heartbroken. There are worse things, but judging from how little of her story remains she will never have to experience them. I pause as Moose rolls on his back. He’s a faithful old friend who has filled the void, but not all holes can be filled. The house is still empty and the rocker remains unpainted. This isn’t how I imagined things to go. I don’t need a prince or even a happy ending . . . just a little certainty would be nice.
Eventually the ground surface will be a combination of brick, bluestone and crushed gravel.
One of my favorite television shows during the 1950s was a show called Father Knows Best. During the years (1945-1962) of my childhood, my family were big evening television users; shows like Father Knows Best, and other good clean family oriented series were enjoyed and rarely missed. I’ve always thought of Father Knows Best as with-out-a-doubt an American classics from that time period. It first appeared on radio (1949-1954) and then on television (1954-1960). It was a wonderful comedy series which portrayed a middle class family living in the Midwest during the 1940′s. The Anderson family were easily identifiable to my values oriented Daddy & Mum. I’ve never been sure if this show was not more a teaching tool used by them, but that is for another post.
You really don’t need to hammer the chat system with WTS messages to sell an item, nor do you need to use every channel in the game when there is a channel dedicated to trade. If people aren’t interested, repeating a message in chat every 3 seconds isn’t likely to change that. Wait a minute or two, and maybe you’ll start to get through to a new audience.
That we might imitate, on earth as in heaven,
I searched through my photo folders looking for suitable seasonal images of snow, tinsel or holly, but in the end the best image I could find was one my daughter Meg made as a Christmas card for us.
Relaxing in your villa on a brilliant tropical afternoon, you enjoy the stunning view where the azure waters meet sapphire-coloured skies. Built on stilts in the resort’s lagoon, the private haven is connected to the island by a timber walkway, over waters teeming with marine life.
Specifically, under 35 U.S.C. § 363, the international filing date of a PCT application is also the U.S. filing date for the corresponding national stage application. 35 U.S.C. § 363 (1984); see also Manual of Patent Examining Procedure (MPEP) § 1893.03(b) (8th Ed. including May 2004 revisions) ("It should be borne in mind that the filing date of the international application is also the filing date for the national stage application."). Thus, the ’595 patent’s U.S. filing date is November 26, 1993, the filing date of the PCT application. Because the ’094 patent is entitled to priority back to the ’595 patent’s U.S. filing date, the ’094 patent’s priority date under 35 U.S.C. § 120 as well as its term calculation date under 35 U.S.C. § 154(a)(2) is at least November 26, 1993. In other words, the ’094 patent, which specifically references the ’595 patent and thus satisfies the requirements of 35 U.S.C. § 120 and 37 C.F.R. § 1.78(a), is entitled to effectively the same date as the original PCT
When the steak and potatoes were done, we got out the sides and pulled up anxious chairs. It really only took a matter of minutes to assemble this meal. So simple. We served it with homemade yeast rolls with cherry butter, and a fresh Caesar salad. I tell you, a few bites and my bitter mood completely vanished.
- I was considering putting it on bold. But I didn’t. Obviously. See ya’ll on the flip side later.
8. “Nessun Dorma”
“It is always noon somewhere on earth.” Similarly there is always a certain point in history extant somewhere among the universes. But we cannot hop skip and jump between universes, we are confined by what we perceive as the vast, vast distances between them.
and singing GOD'S praises all the way.
Also here is a little peek at some embroidery I have been doing too..... I am using our new Cosmo floss that is just a dream to work with, if you haven't tried it you must, you truely will feel the differance in the first couple stitches....it's like silk but 100% cotton and color fast so no worries!
“I am an Atheist”. He said.” I do not believe in organised, ritualistic religion or God ”.
2 poured
The sheriff shows up and takes Lash and the brawler to jail only to find Jonah Hex sitting in the office, guns drawn. Lash locks up the deputies and the brawler but Hex won't allow the sheriff into the cell. Lash demands that justice be served according to the law but Hex states that this point is where he and Lash will part ways.
"They made her a grave too cold and damp
There will be 8 makers participating in this activity:
At best, this question is unhelpful. If you start writing for the "next hot trend" by the time you finish your project, that particularly trend is on the way out.
* simple syrup = putting equal quantities of water and sugar in a pan and warming it until the sugar melts. Make as much or as little as you need.
Here they are…
It’s no secret that kids are expensive and that the economy sucks. My husband and I both work, but we decided a long time ago that we’d rather have an extra $100 to spend when we go on vacation than J have yet another pair of new, name brand sneakers. While saving money is great, it’s even more important to us that our kids grow up to understand that consumerism comes with social and environmental responsibilities. Just a few short years ago we could not get through a store – any store – without J’s incessant whining about all the items he “needed.” Now he keeps a list of items and ranks them in order of those he absolutely needs (like sports equipment that he’s outgrown or should be replaced) and those he wants (the never-ending supply of new video games). He’s learned that swapping games and equipment with friends, or finding a used lax stick instead of heading to the mall, means he may have some cash left in his pocket. And he’s getting better at asking himself if he really needs something before he buys it.
I watch how you wipe the corners of your mouth after every sip.
The next day he felt fine and thought it was all better. This is typical. He feels better so in his mind it's over and resolved. No talking about what happened, what went wrong. How to prevent it happening again. No acceptance of his misbehavior. It's just over.
These are just a few of my favorites, as there are 112 slides in the set there are too many to show them all.
Menma: Oh, Jeez! What should I do?! All right, put this kleenex into your nose!
The Beginning: Wilderness is likely best known in town for their Kickstarter campaign from last summer that helped provide the initial funding for their brewery project. But their ambitions go much farther back. 9 years ago, Michael had Nate and a couple other friends over to his place in Springfield, MO to try home brewing on a kit that his wife had bought him for Christmas. As Michael and Nate continued to brew and write for thankheavenforbeer.com, well, Michael puts it best: "Interest became obsession and obsession eventually became action." The launch of the brewery, more or less, was the result of hundreds of hours spent writing, phone conversations, and encouragement from beer drinkers who loved our stuff.
Last week we watched Jack in his school production, we waited with our hearts in our mouths for his turn to come. Jack's stammer has been worse over the summer and part of us didn't want him to go through speaking in front of an audience. How we underestimated him! Our brave, brilliant child stood proudly in front of the whole school and assembled parents, and although he stumbled he played his part brilliantly. Speaking is something we all take for granted but it is something that Jack is aware of the whole time and he copes fantastically, in fact he expects people to accept him for the way he is, we find him an inspiration and words can't describe how much we both love him.
For the batter, mix all the ingredients together and it's best to use your hands to mix it and make sure there are no clumps of sugar and flour. Lighly grease a round cake pan (I used 2 small 3.5" springform pans to make mini ones, but if you use a springform pan be sure to wrap the bottoms with foil to avoid leakage). My mom usually uses an 8" round cake pan. Pour the batter through a sieve as you pour it into the pans to ensure all the clumps are out. Put the pans in a steamer for 20 minutes for the mini ones or up to an hour for an 8" pan (or until a bamboo chopstick/skewer comes out clean). Let cool and garnish with sesame seeds and a dried cranberry (or traditionally a dried date).
In November 2009, a planning application was submitted for a geometric three storey end terrace, designed to complement the streetscape without emulating neighbouring houses. This was achieved by matching the red brickwork of surrounding properties and choosing a dark stain for the Siberian larch cladding.
Hutz: Well, actually, replace the word ‘accidentally’ with ‘repeatedly’ and the word ‘dog’ with ‘son’.
Some of you who are currently waiting in line to purchase your allotment of Dark Lord know that Dark Lord Day morphed over time from a few hundred craft beer lovers hanging out in the brewery to the world's largest craft beer tailgate party. But as you now know, Three Floyds' new system of running the event has largely put an end to the free-for-all tailgating. Based on the massive mess the old system made of the industrial park where Three Floyds is based, this was the right decision.
This means that as of this week, my writing time has shifted to 5am. If I set my alarm for 5, I can be at work at my desk by 5:08am, and get in about 2 hours. (I used to get up early all the time to write when the kids were little, but I'm spoiled now that they're in school.) Luckily, I have an outline and most of the research is done, though thanks to the internet, there is no hour of the day when my attention might not be drawn by a little bit of last minute research (like the range of a 20 pound Parrot Rifle (1,900 yards) or a 9-inch Dahlgren). My goal is about 1,000 words a day, though closer to 1,500 would make me ecstatic. (Yesterday I wrote 600 words and was grateful. Today it was 1,400.)
Step 3 make a note of how much time you spend in each room and what type of light is in that room. The table below gives you an idea of what to take note of:
adjudicate the rights of indigenous peoples pertaining to their lands,
As the ceremony began, all the graduates were very happy to finally get in their seats, as the waiting upstairs was hurting everyone and their feet. I don’t think I have ever stood that long in heels before and I hope not to do it again! The Marines presented the colors and the ceremony officially began. There were several speakers – student speaker’s from the bachelor’s programs and master’s programs provided some inspiring words and the VP of UOP southeastern region provided some additional insightful advice. The most colorful speaker was Simon Bailey, who is a motivational speaker and that he was! He spoke at length about releasing your brilliance and it was quite motivating. I laughed many times throughout his speech and he left me wanting to do more with my life. My daughter said he had a funny laugh and she was laughing because he was laughing! lol! He’s written several books and speaks throughout the country. Once the speeches were complete, degree recipients were called on stage beginning with the Doctoral recipients, Master’s recipients, Bachelor’s recipients and lastly, those receiving an Associate degree. Once all degrees were handed out, we moved our tassels from the left to the right and we were led out of the building. Graduation complete!
Like most words, mimesis is a nest of meanings. Shadings fly from it like fledgling birds: imitation, representation, replication, impersonation, or portrayal do for Plato; nowadays we could add copy, counterfeit, dupe. Grammatically different forms of what is called "the mimesis group" designate the action of mimicry — or the actor, mime, or mockingbird that performs the tune — while others aim at either the subject of imitation or its result, or sometimes indicate the arena of representation itself: the agora, law courts, or the stage. Mimesis calls the theater home, some say; it is derived from the dance; it belongs to mockery and mime, not always silent, and is often concerned with events and situations in daily life; no, it is the creation of effigies — statues, scarecrows, voodoo dolls — it is the means by which we call upon the gods. But did these meanings of mimesis really compete, or is the competition to be found in the disputatious pages of contemporary scholars, who prefer one meaning (theirs) over others, much as if, in a mulligan stew, one conferred honor and dominance to six pearl onions?
I can think of few situations more pitiable than that of new parents and a colicky baby. To be sure, there is joy in welcoming a precious new life to the home, but poor Mama is weak and a bit stressed from bringing that little one into the world, and Daddy just wants life to return to its peaceful, normal pace. A few weeks ago, Melissa (she and her family are good friends our ours) called me up. She had just given birth to her first daughter, Leah -- news I was thrilled to receive! However, dear little Leah was suffering from colic; Melissa asked me for advice. Colic was something I had never studied up on but I was able to come up with several treatments which sounded promising.
A week later I saw them again but this time knew what was coming. When it started there was a huge cheer from the crowd.
And if you’ll permit me,
2 eggs, room temperature
Don’t you turn away from me now
I am a twenty something wife and mother of two - almost three - adorable children. I live in coastal Virginia and I work from home, part time, as a property manager. I write YA Paranormal Romance and I read it, too, so if you know of a great book/series, feel free to suggest it.
Sokurov’s Faust would wonder why the director chooses to use distorting anomorphic lenses from time to time to purposely skew our vision. This a film that recalls John Berger’s iconic book Ways of Seeing and the importance of effects, through lenses, utilized by the filmmakers—in this case director Sokurov and cinematographer Bruno Delbonnel. The viewer is constantly reminded of the mind of the person on screen by the visual of the body. Beautiful grown women appear childlike, imposing men become ogres because an element of their body is magnified. Light and darkness (not new to cinema of good filmmakers) play their part as usual, with pure at heart in dazzling white, while the evil ones are in shadows. The consummation of sex is implied by Faust and his love Margarete jumping into deep blue waters! There is the opening shot of the film which recalls Goethe’s version of the tale where a contract seems to fly down from the heavens to the town where the tale takes place. The entire tale revolves around a pact signed by Faust in blood. But the real treat for the eyes are real scenes from Iceland’s landscape of volcanoes and hot springs barren of plant life that form the basis for purgatory/heaven equivalent that forms the backdrop for the Faust/Satan standoff. Finally, there are several scenes that remind you of the paintings of Breughel and the Flemish school as you watch the film just you recall the painter’s works as you view director Grigory Kozintsev and cinematographer Jonas Gritsius collaboration in Korol Lir (King Lear). I tend to conclude more and more that Sokurov’s decision to make a documentary of the late Kozintsev’s flat was no coincidence and that the collaborative cinema of Sokurov and Arbov is close to Kozintsev’s collaboration with Boris Pasternak.
And your mind, your mind is full of red
Picture it with me: the doors fly open to reveal a grinning bride dressed in dazzling white. Her eyes are brimming with tears as she sees the one her heart loves. Her butterflies disappear as she settles into his gentle gaze. A sweet giggle escapes her lips as she takes the first step down the aisle. Her long awaited day has finally arrived. Soon they will pronounce husband and wife... Mr. and Mrs... the two becoming one.
3. Tarte aux épinards
11. Les Oignons - Beausoleil/Michael Doucet (U.S.A.) / 4:04
In case you're wondering why it's pretty much quit raining in Austin and why everything's starting to dry up, well, it's my fault.
After you’ve been riding a bike for so long, you can start doing the special stuff.
Pell: Pell was founded by the Gaita brothers in New York in 1941. They Suspended operations during WWII. Their jewelry is well constructed with quality material, and they’re still in business. Usually figural pins are found on the market.
Yes, but there’s a ticket to get in, and we’ve already done that. There’s a great place for you to see that’s not on this tour. It doesn’t cost much - I just need to pay the driver and the entrance fee. It isn’t much.
4. Round & Round (Club/Ben Grosse Mix)
The sliders were all tasty – We liked them all, but my favorite was the Legendary Burger with candied bacon and a thick Vidalia onion ring. Dan’s favorite was the Grilled Mahi Mahi.
He doesn't, but for the sake of my cookie I'm willing to start the humor.
The end of my time off found us out in Stockbridge, slightly in shock at having to put my coat back on after the Summer weather (hopefully it wasn't Summer itself). I managed to escape completely unpecked.
We were playing at Token's place and his now ex girlfriend was being a whiny little bitch like she is and we had to leave at 11. We went back to Juniors and grabbed more beer which we then finished off very fast playing beeramid. If you've never played you've never properly got smashed. We ran out of beer relatively fast. Me and Token leave to go to a bar.
Yesterday we went to this RV place to get the part he needed (J & J RV). Nice people...huge dealership! It was cold and gray yesterday and I had doubled up with a sweatshirt and jacket cause it was pretty windy too. I went in with Erik to just look around a little. Seeing nothing of interest I asked him for the keys so I could sit out in the warm car with the dog while he finished up. He looked at me funny and says 'but I want to go look at some of the RV's'...I'm like 'huh?!?...why???' He says 'we're here to have fun aren't we?' Once again... 'huh?!?!?' His idea of fun and my idea of fun are two totally different things.
Or how about this tractor?
Priyanka Chopra Height: 5’7 ½
Twisted Wet Tau Kee, 10 pcs
Today is day 85 in our journey through the Bible in 90 days.
Potato, 3 pcs
There is but one way to go now and that is forward. The choices have already been made within each Soul and now those who have followed the narrow Path come into their own.
Here we go with another week.
Bitterness Units: unkown.
Woman. Stand nude before the glass with him
The deep suspicion is that Greene is a GOP cropper; that is that he’s a bought and paid for plant by the party to make fools of the Democrats and insure a cakewalk victory for GOP Senate incumbent Jim DeMint. Possible, it’s happened before, the GOP has been accused of secretly bankrolling plants, shills, and croppers, and given the notorious cartoon antics of South Carolina politics, this can’t be totally discounted. Greene had to plop down $10, 400 to get his name on the ballot. That’s a lot for a working stiff to pay out of pocket, let alone for someone unemployed.
Now the French claim to be a nation of great lovers, but is this really true? There are baboons who claim their rumps are smoother than a billiard ball. I suspect the Gallic reputation for amorous indulgence is a myth created by overblown characters such as Maurice Chevalier and Pepé Le Pew. Even they did nothing particularly special, unless you believe that kissing a woman’s arm from wrist to shoulder while talking like Inspector Clouseau is guaranteed to turn her innards to putty.
"Okay, guys, dinner in five minutes. Wrap it up, Papa."
This was a speedy and amicable reply from Sykes. But we hesitate to call it serious journalism. “As a man in Jalawla told Reuters”! How to describe this level of evidence in response to a serious question on a matter of such importance?
This company is just not honest and should be taken off the market.
You want to know what I think is missing from Irish beer? Bravery. With just a few exceptions, mostly from the established companies, we're still stuck in the Stout-Lager-Red Ale Beermuda Triangle of traditional Irish styles, only now we have a hoppy-but-sessionable pale ale thrown in too. Metalman, while sticking to a solidly reliable pale ale to make a name for themselves, haven't been afraid to play around with other ideas for the limited editions. So we had the antipodean-hopped not-quite-amber ale mentioned above for one, and second up was a peppered witbier made with saison yeast: Alternator. Beer is all about diversity and Metalman get this gong for giving us that from the very start.
* Rewrites and Revisions: How much do you do throughout the writing of your books?
This is the time when I get stressed out with regular life trying to be everything to everyone in this house without anyone to complain to at night.
Do you get as excited and overwhelmed as we do about yard work? Does it ever get to the point where you feel like you can truly say it is "finished" and you get to just sit back and relax in your yard? If not, please, pretty please, just lie to me.
1 teaspoon cumin seeds
Now who can top that?? I’m green with envy. Where was I? Oh, yeah, green. So this episode summary mentions that Magnum sets down a John D MacDonald novel to make a phone call, and he includes a still from the show showing the book sitting on the nightstand (open! jeez, doesn’t Magnum know this will crease the spine?). I was able to identify the book from seeing only a part of the spine and a fraction of the cover. See? This kind of stuff could make you famous, too!
Our timing for an unobstructed view of the house and garage was impeccable because seconds, not minutes, after I took this photo the home owner, or someone visiting the home owner, drove up and parked in the driveway. Which made me wonder what is it like living in a house where tourists come to gawk at your garage probably every day of the year?
There is certainly a lot to know about exercising safely during pregnancy, so finding an experienced trainer like Megan Anderson with knowledge of pre and postnatal exercise is a great way to go, and the payoff will certainly be worth it. The right amount and the right kind of exercise during pregnancy can keep your energy up and your weight gain to normal levels. It can also mean a shorter and less complicated labor and a quicker recovery, which will let you be the best mother you can be.
Mr. B and I really enjoyed BOTH tracks on the Dragon Challenge. (The girls weren’t quite up to this type of roller coaster yet. I wasn’t sure I was, either, ‘til I completed the first ride. Nicely designed coaster that left me exhilarated without leaving me nauseated. So I had to try the second line – equally exciting and well-designed.)
But his females said he was lying, so we can’t take his word for it. Jagger has obviously been copying someone, but for all we know it could be his Latin master.
Next week I will be heading to the Pacific Northwest and will be making stops in Bellevue, WA (right outside of Seattle) and Vancouver, BC in Canada. You can read more about these events here.
Spring hit about a month early here in the Midwest.
The project that creates the "supers" in my book is modeled on gruesome human experimentation that really took place. If the book is dark in places, that's because it's skirting the edges of real history. That said, "superhero" is a convenient shorthand to describe some of the characters in the novel--one I use myself, frequently--but it's actually somewhat misleading. What we really mean is that these characters have unnatural abilities. "Superhero" connotes a dogooder, but none of the characters fit that description. Likewise, there are no supervillains.
Don't fret -- that's not me. I'm much prettier when I have Florida's state bird on my nose. Yes, the palmetto bug can fly. It's a gigantic, flying cockroach.
Those:
“I cannot hold one piece of information in my mind while I manipulate the next step in the sequence.”
Coffee-Cocoa Snack Cake
Academic Learning:
19.Wilmer Watts + Lonley Eagles - Bonnie Bess
I must say, each winner had more than one name in the running because of extra entries with Facebook "LIKES". So I guess there is a better chance then :) Thanks for liking me on facebook too :)
For an extra entry blog or tweet about this giveaway.
The only bummer was that the poolside bar was closed when we were there. I had imagined sipping mai tais by the pool. I don't think I've ever had a mai tai in my life, but it seemed like the thing to do. So instead I went to the indoor bar and got a pina colada and brought it out to the pool.
You might as well know that I am a habitual buyer of cheap purses. Target (p.s. love it and not dissing in any way shape or form) is usually my purse provider but they always fall apart after a few months!
on time worn path
for you things were
Well, last week I posted about my girls... their attitudes and discipline struggles.... Well, today let me update you on my baby boy... Virgil. He has been unique since the get go... well, he's a boy. enough said, right?
(No photos here, but just look for the label at the restaurant shop.)
“You mean like a window washer? Or a guy who works in an airplane hangar, or maybe a janitor, or a retro gas station attendant? Or like Jack LaLanne, may he rest in peace--sort of like that? Even though you don’t do any of those things?”
Today I want to show another little cross-stitched project that I have done lately. I cross-stitched this red rose to make a thank-you note card.
C'mon Owen. I know you've been having a rough time of it lately - but really??
"I wouldn't-" Dr. Dante began, clearly affronted, but Will cut in.
Draupadī too, fully aware that her husbands would not take care of her, gave her undivided attention to the All-Attractive son of Vasudeva, and went to him.
They sniffed at the smells
And now back to the reality of my life.....
We all took it very seriously because for reals, who wants to be on fire? Ok, fine so those monks and the dudes who doing it for the movies seem to be cool with it (how does one discover that is your special skill?) But who else? Not this fifth grader thankyouverymuch. I burned my hand on the tailpipe of our volvo (don't ask) when I was a bitty thing and I was not interesed in reliving that kind of pain.
“What should we do?”
I’m interested in doing a PhD at a school that requires you to pass passively in French at the end of the four year program. I want to work in Ottawa and/or in government, both of which essentially require French. Almost every plan of mine requires that I learn French.
He also said, “Whatever is in the heart overflows into speech.” (Luke 6:45b TLB)
Might think that your song is bad,
The other panelists at the forum were Gerakan Kedah Youth chief Tan Keng Liang, Aliran secretary Mustafa K Anuar and journalist Himanshu Bhatt.
I made my shawl with lace weight yarn and an F hook. Pretty sure it would work with other yarns/hook sizes and plan to experiment to that end myself. I'm not giving a gauge because, frankly, I'm too lazy to go measure it on the finished shawl or work up a swatch. Play around with it until you get something you like.
The loan is understood to relate to the Sprucefield Centre which is a small shopping centre in Lisburn, county Antrim which opened in 1989 and which houses just four outlets – Marks and Spencer (the largest in Northern Ireland), JJB Sports, Boots and McDonalds fast food and also has 1,500 parking spaces.
13. Spezial Rauchbier
humble cloth which enfolded treasure that puts to shame all gems and gold!’
I am thoroughly disgusted and am about to burn at least my watermelon plants, if not my cantaloupes as well, I’m growing from Bonnie Plants. I got some Bonnie Plants because they seem to be a great company and advertise that they do not sell GMO (genetically modified organisms which is common with a lot of tomatoes, soy, corn, alfalfa and more). It was brought to my attention, however, that Monsanto products might be in Bonnie’s line up. After a friend produced a link stating that Bonnie does in fact sell products that Monsanto owns, I decided to look it up.
Taking to the internet on the Acer Iconia Tab A200 isn’t a bad experience, but it could be quicker. Loading complex pages, with large graphics or carousels, took several seconds, but there weren’t any residual problems with scrolling through pages.
Do you hire people strictly based on their educational background?
Okay. I obviously need to blog another post because we can't have this blog entering the Christmas / New Year run reading like this.....
My rail was 29 cars long. Tap's rail was 31 cars long.
reminds me of truth and trust
I have to say, this has been pretty successful. Even the carrots and tomatoes, which were very disappointing, managed to produce several pounds each. Furthermore, I've more-or-less had veg available in the garden continuously since I started harvesting new potatoes in early June. There hasn't been a great abundance, but something available to harvest once or twice a week (much more in late summer), every week. This does depend on counting the wild veg (ground elder etc.) in early spring, but increasing the quantity of leeks and parsnips will help there. Similarly the quantity of broccoli has been disappointing, but the quality is outstanding - it's the best broccoli I've ever tasted! If I can grow more of these winter veg then hopefully I'll have a continuous supply, eventually supplemented by asparagus in May, right through the year. That would make me very happy.
Of course, the Harry Potter cast has a fine list of great-looking redheads, but having watching them grow up should make anyone feel like one of those freaky pervert Twilight women for crushing on them. Still, for our younger readers for whom they are totally not off-limits, here are Rupert Grint and Bonnie Wright.
Chris Tomlin won Christian Songwriter of the Year. EMI won Christian Music Publisher of the Year. Roxie and I sat next to Ross Parsley and John Eagen who also won an award for “I Am Free.” It was also good to catch up with some folks that I don’t get to see as often like – Chris Tomlin and David and Toni Crowder. I also got to meet Shelly Giglio – Louie Giglio’s wife.
I went with a single loop handle and attached them to the middle of the bag with one strap for each. You can see on my friend's bag that she went with the half-loop handles that attach to the bag in two places, requiring a total of four straps. There are pros and cons to each, but really it's your preference.
I found this metal sign on sale at Michael's and decided to add some Cricut images to it with vinyl.
Meyrink goes to throw the letter into the waste-paper basket when suddenly, an idea troubles him. He remembers that, in copying out his manuscript to send it to the magazine’s editor, he had modified a few details of his vision.
Always: I end up watching them anyway.
Frozen falls hoping from stone to stone over a stream. not on the path but making our own way along this stream. The name of the walk was…
Noises of incredulity in English which, although not being a student of that language, it was clear that he understood.
What are you reading next?
Susan Power
Let’s drive away in July
She laughed. You are such a classicist!
This is the question I asked of one of my ‘gurus’, Seth Chernoff, as we were discussing his new book, CONNECTIONS, A User’s Guide to the Meaning of Life. As I honor and appreciate his views on life and living, I was intriguied by his perceptions of the value of the connections in our lives.
Though she snaps at a wren instead!
Another news source www.wftv.com
With the enemy anticipating their every move, Raven is completely taken aback when she realizes she’s falling for JXS241. But can she really love a machine? And if so, can he reciprocate?
I purchased this and made a copy of it to keep in my classroom. It is a great way to start each day! The students love looking through the questions and choosing a question of the day. We keep track of which question we have used by checking them off on the nice box provided by each question.
I know you like the rain
Time to celebrate Halloween!!
b) Venus (Aphrodite)
“We are scrutinising the applications so that the doctor’s specialisation can be suitably utilised,” an official said. The delay in doing this has led to several students writing to the DMER that they have not got any response to their applications. Shingare said he has got more than 30 such letters and will write to the health department to start filling the vacancies. “The DMER has in fact listed 400 vacancies at Employees State Insurance Corporation hospitals.”
Both of these images come from Artful INKables. Are these not the cutest ever??? The first one is a nutty treat bag with cashews as a treat (my personal favorite)! This was super easy to make and I love the colors and the paper. The ribbon actually came from an invitation to a wedding I just received (the things you don't throw away can always be used for 'something'). The squirrel and nut images were just what I had in mind when I made this! Oh, I ate all the cashews after I took the picture...I will have to fill the bag up again...
I needed to read this today.
Looking back now, I didn't know much about Margaret's personal life - apart from the usual discussions of school applications, school runs, the educational system, about bringing up uncooperative people in diapers ... and then of course I friended her guinea pigs on Facebook - but that's another story.
Labels:
Chef Edwin is showing off his cutting skill, please do not learn this at home, because Chef Edwin really skillful and well trained.
John Bambic
The system comes with a nice bulb that you can clean the system with. Only problem is, the bulb tube is BIGGER than the tube of the system. What does that mean? It means I have been prayed in the face many, many times. They now have an extra part you can put on your system that makes it to where you can stick the tube into the system just fine (see video for this). That attachment is worth buying.
After the wind there was an earthquake, but the LORD was not in the earthquake.
This post will be a little picture heavy (for me anyway). I just completed a very special Word Book/Mini Album for our Granddaughter's Graduation and am so very proud of it that I wanted everyone to see. What else can you do, but, stay inside where it is air conditioned when it is this hot
At what point do outsourcing of labour and automation of repetitive jobs (particularly client-facing) begin to undermine business beyond the point where outsourcing (thereby lowering prices) and automation (lowering employee cost) can make up the shortfall? What happens to global capitalism when you make more than a certain portion of the workforce redundant because they simply aren't needed?
I am not well today and honestly, it was one of those rare days when I was sick enough to be counting the seconds until he got home.
And at this moment, I’m grateful to be taking the time to reflect. To appreciate the people that helped me today. To remember the special and wonderful moments that arose. To recognize that today was a good day.
He plays. It is beautiful. But is it enough to win her over, this accomplished pianist and professor standing before him? She takes a great deal of time to deliberate his mark and offer final comments.
I was blessed with role models and historians who raised me with stories of justice. Our neighbor, Mr. Miller, would tell me stories of a Tennessee and South I never saw: the Jim Crow South. He told me stories of African-Americans attacked by mobs as they drove down country roads at night, of segregated schools and towns, of redlining and ghettos, and most importantly, of the brave men and women who stood in defiance of the gross discrimination of Jim Crow.
The inside pages are also kraft...which I LOVE....so I couldn't turn down this great mini album.
If you’re looking for a very personal gift to give a significant other, a good friend, or close family member, why not consider a digital photo frame? Not only do they look great sitting on a desk or mantle, but unlike all those other traditional picture frames, people will actually look at these photos! Digital photo frames attract lots of attention, because since they are a seeming changing, moving light source, and they produce bright colors that simply draw people in to look at them.
It was a good thing I kept up the drawing practice at home in the meantime, because now that I'm doing the much more difficult 3-D drawings, it is much easier than I had anticipated. The first class, Cast Drawing, is only two weeks, five days a week, so I have only a total of 30 hours to get the thing finished, and I think I can make it, given the progress so far.
So quite obviously you can see that the greater the demographic size the less likely a woman is to be on the high or low end of the spectrum. But that’s not all we can say, in fact, that’s the least we can say.
Suggestions must not entail losing consciousness for any reason.
"I don't feel that," William said.
But should I be asking the person who experienced the event, owned the tea set, as it were? Neither Drabble nor Byatt owned the real set; it belonged to their mother. But she didn't write about it. Both sisters owned the memory of it, different memories, as were those of their mother. So who had the right to write about either?
Now is the time to act to save our country from the grip of corruption. To this end, we are giving two weeks to see concrete steps in the direction of prosecuting the indicted officials failing which we shall be calling our people out on protest
I am doing six different events and chairing two. Chairing can be more stressful than doing your own event: when the speaker or audience dries up, it's down to the chairperson to carry the event through to the occasionally bitter end. I am sure the wonderful people I'm chairing will give me no trouble at all - but the audience might. Please don't. Please just ask an incredibly witty and positive question. There are many other things that audiences can do or not do, but I'll keep it simple and trust you to behave. And smile. And laugh in all the right places.
The reasoning for an author advance was borne of a time when fewer people were literate, newspapers were bought by those literate in the working classes, and books were bought by the educated and successful. And the educated and successful were both the authors and the publishers who moved often in the same social circles. It is a little like the self-publishing world now—those who self-publish are often in the same circle as those who review self-published books. It is the result of modern social networking. Networking which did not exist at the time of literary greats such as Hardy, Wilde, Dostoevsky, Dumas and Wolfe. A publisher’s advance was seen by the author as a form of support and sponsorship—not an upfront handout.
In case it isn’t obvious: This fix is completely, totally, not recommended, and I accept no responsibility for any damage to yourself or your Macbook should you be foolish enough to try it.
I’ve always been lukewarm on this show. And, in no way should it have won the Emmy for best comedy in any of the years it won (The Office has always been funnier). But this year it has refined itself enough to have really hit on a good formula (and of course Alec Baldwin is fantastic). It might even deserve the Emmy this year actually.
The whole is a perfect beauty and shines serenity and elegance.
Double cleansing with only one product? And a cheap one, at that? #Winning!
One of these would make a great mother's day gift for yourself or someone else. If you don't want to make your own, you can also purchase a pair in my shop.
Then the facilitator introduced two buckets of grain. Almost instantly the horses headed across the pen to the buckets.
but proceeding.
Geocaching and exploring have taken us to some spooky locations and sites. Many of them involve tales of killing, treachery and tragedy. These are almost always accompanied by stories of ghosts and paranormal activity. I’m not a guy who is easily spooked, but we have experienced some things in our travels which converted me from skeptic to open minded. There are definitely things out there that can’t be explained.
Chipboard
I’ve been trying to avoid the Internet–especially Twitter–since I read about Annie Clark winning an award for her penmanship. I posted the story on Facebook with a comment lamenting that her award was in a special category for people with disabilities. My mind was buzzing with snarky thoughts I was itching to tweet.
MRPL prides itself on its “high standards in refining and environment production matched by its commitments to society. The Group has also developed a “green belt” around the facility in Mangalore with carefully selected greenery that should enhance the local flora and fauna.
I just got a haircut. (Um... no.)
I really enjoyed today's meditation. It was back to basics, being aware and present in the moment, so important. And it lasted only a minute or two. And then setting your intention. I think this is always important, to actually set my intention, but in a busy life, sometimes it is the last thing I do, when it should be the first. Maybe I will try starting each day with that, just setting my intention. I mean how can the universe provide if I, myself, don't even know what it is I am looking for, in the most basic sense.
For example, in "A Surprising Value," Alligator is worried--and a bit sad--to discover that he's only "worth" seven cents. That he, in fact, came from the sale bucket. But Amanda reassures her dear friend that there was a very good reason no one else wanted to buy him,
11I was waiting for your words, I was giving ear to your wise sayings; while you were searching out what to say,
And so my Death in Literature list was born:
nut
Commenting on my blog, Stuart’s reaction was: “I thought this was an isolated incident, but I’m genuinely disturbed by how many people have come forward and said they’ve had copy disallowed for reasons of ‘taste’, ‘decency’ or ‘house style’. This was the Edinburgh Fringe we were talking about – What’s happened?!”
Something old dies to give birth to something new. However we may try to become a robot in the mechanical lifestyle we lead there are spaces in between that need to be filled. It is a gift one must accept with gratitude if we find just the right person to merge beautifully in those spaces.
Now they must learn from one another,
Paul: It is just as the Scriptures had said it would be.
It’s about the way we not only fail to acknowledge our own, American genocides but how we use our immigrants as facilitators for our denial.
Settlers Arms, St Albans.
I need that echo-cardiogram, not least so that I might A) know exactly how ill I am (my guess, based on my symptoms, is very), and B), so that I might get treatment appropriate to my condition.
The first was an idea I got from Pinterest. If you don't know what Pinterest is, I suggest that you keep it that way unless you are prepared to become addicted. I spend so much time on there that you'd think that I have nothing better to do (which is the furthest thing from the truth!). As far as I know, there is no cure...
Examples of his work can be seen on many different pages on this site although I do try to exclude his work where possible but he did build a lot of buildings next to and almost on top of some of Newcastles finest buildings. He was also responsible for demolishing a handful of fine buildings to make way for his scheme.
I have not winced nor cried aloud.
The Monster's Pet
Sometimes I think "Ahh, to live the life of a minimalist aesthete. . ." then I remember who I really am.
Watercress
“The school kids share their lunches,” she said. “The younger generation, with no qualms or reservations, introduce their home cuisines to their friends and schoolmates.”
This sentence has such force, and compels you not simply to listen but to heed the instruction that follows. The advice is given for three reasons: firstly, in order that others will learn the laws and in-so-doing bear the burden along with Moses; secondly, so that Moses will not suffer, but endure; and finally, that the people will return to their homes with peace.
Two: You will experience a painful sharpening from time to time, but you'll need it to become a better pencil.
And watched them.
Before I disappear again I thought I'd share this short film 'Astonish Me' with you. It's the latest one by uk WWF and is very captivating.
I won't be able to take part in the mini readathon (I'll be too busy meeting the cast of Supernatural in Birmingham!) but I'll definitely be doing the other two!
Ugla is a country girl from Iceland’s rural north and has come to Reykjavik to work as a housekeeper for a Member of Parliament and learn to play the organ. The ways of the city are a far cry from the life she has known in a place where the folklore and historic sagas of Iceland are more gospel than the gospel itself. The family she serves certainly have some strange ways, but it is at her weekly organ lessons where Ugla discovers the truly peculiar side of Reykjavik. Her organist is a free thinker (perhaps a hippy before his time) who burns money, lives with his mother and keeps company more bizarre than himself. It is here that Ugla learns, from gods, poets and prostitutes, about the evils of Capitalism and the political turmoil that is sweeping urban Iceland. The people are up in arms because the Figures-Faking-Federation has plans to “sell the country,” build an atomic station in Keflavik and repatriate the remains of the Nation’s Darling. What’s a naive country girl to do?
Given that, it would have been easy for this book to fall prey to hyperbole and hero worship. After all, not only is this the story behind what the book calls “the greatest ad ever written” – Volkswagen’s “Think Small” ad – it also intersects with the ad agency and the people who were the primary drivers of advertising’s creative revolution of the 1960s.
"Yipppeeeeeee!"
My mother taught me about CHOICE.
Thursday, April 19th
Sending out an email with misspelled words, long run on sentences that read like visual diarrhea, no sentence breaks, train of thought derailed and wrecked, oh and my favorite, using ghetto ass slang in the email all reflect poorly on the sender. It makes me think they are stupid. If not stupid then it makes me think they are unorganized (perhaps they will show up late?), messy (does she know how to do her hair and makeup?), and a hot mess (is her tampon string hanging out? is she going to be a handful backstage and flip out on stage?). When in doubt ask yourself, would I use this tone of voice or these choice of words at a prospective job interview? When in doubt, err on the professional side. You don't need to say "Holla!" or "Hit me back" to people you've never met before. Your personality will shine through your professionalism.
The second verse doesn’t get much better — there’s a self-referential mention of a “little deuce coupe,” as well as another of the BBs’ near-obsessive references to hair.
Today if you hear God’s voice, harden not your heart! (Hebrews 3:8). God is willing to take our heart of stone and replace it with a heart of flesh (Ezekiel 11:19); one that is COMPLETE in its devotion to Christ Jesus and CLEANED – one of integrity. Is your/my heart, one of integrity?
The Institute will be in Estes Park, Colorado, May 6-11. Institute facilitator is Maureen Sullivan, president-elect of the American Library Association.
Bono
Mix together all the ingredients. Add more sugar if needed. Spread on top of each cooled cookie.
Please see the customer reviews and ratings of Sony DCRTRV39 MiniDV 1Megapixel Camcorder with 3.5″ LCD, Networking Capability and Laser Assist Focus from the merchant’s website by visit the link below.
First, I want to give out some props to Nate Stevens, his wife, and all those who make the WMC a great event year after year. What makes it great is how well organized the event is, the interesting tournament scenarios, and the great caliber of gamers who come out each time. If you are an avid 40k gamer and you’re looking for a really good tournament, currently there is no better event in the southern Ontario area than the WMC.
Andrew and I refer to what's coming as The Baby Olympics or The Big Show. Even though I've intentionally avoided birthing classes and prenatal yoga and reading the labor parts of my baby books (which probably explains why I didn't fully understand the risks of carrying a breech or why we had to rush to the hospital the other night which, by the way, totally interrupted our March Madness plans), I've been actively mentally and physically preparing myself for the day. Sort of in the same way I did when I ran track in college.
The name:
Western forces shot dead 16 civilians including 9 children in southern Kandahar province on Sunday, Afghan officials said, in a rampage that witnesses said was carried out by American soldiers who were laughing and appeared drunk. One Afghan father who said his children were killed in the shooting spree accused soldiers of later burning the bodies.
I thought I was doing Blackletter one of the other free downloads so I'll show the little embellishments I made with them as well. I am also happy to say it was the first time using my Gypsy with the Imagine. The Imagine cuts way better for me than my E. Hooray!! My first hop too. Lots of firsts today!!
The department had established an emergency operations room, which, said Kota, had been busy since news of the crash broke.
It is generally true in great societies that progress is made on the backs of the poor. It seems to be the nature of the hierarchies we resort to when building societies. What Zinn’s book does is include those people at the bottom of the hierarchy in the historical narrative. He gives credit to the whole cast that has made America a great country, not just the legislators, railroad magnates, and land owners. The transcontinental railroad owed its completion to underpaid and underfed Chinese railroad workers. It’s not so much about, as you simplify it, “evil white men” exploiting “every black, Indian, Chicano, woman, immigrant, communist, union worker, and hippie vegan ever to walk the planet.” If that’s what you get from Zinn, try reading it again after you cool off.
Protesters arrested included those who stood or sat down in the street, Paul Browne, a spokesman for the New York City Police Department, said in an e-mail. Others taken into custody included individuals who allegedly overturned trash baskets or hurled bottles, Browne said. At least one demonstrator was detained after he allegedly knocked over a police scooter."
A powerful sandstorm struck Queensland and New South Wales in eastern Australia. This sandstorm is the strongest since 1940.
Rayloth turned to the father and accepted the older man’s extended hand. The two shook heartily and the older man’s free hand clamped down firmly on Rayloth’s shoulder. Rayloth gave him a moment to choke back the tears that were filling his own eyes.
Using the same hat & longies patterns I also made this little set:
I cannot imagine feeling the agony of birth
Who leave me crumbs
Your newborn will look simply angelic in her white headband or bow. Give her that summer princess feel by crowning her with a Zoey headband, which has a narrow white band and precious pink organza bow (above left).
I’ve been eagerly following the building of the FoodCorps since its creation was announced two years ago. This brand-new American national service organization—modelled in part on the Peace Corps—was launched last month, and 50 enthusiastic and motivated young people (it was apparently harder to get a spot in the FoodCorps than at Harvard!) spanned out across 41 sites and 10 states to improve nutrition education for kids; develop school garden projects; and change what’s on school lunch trays. Service members work in already-established organizations, and the focus is on areas of the country with the highest rates of childhood obesity and the least access to healthy food.
"We anticipated we'd find rising rates, as other studies are suggesting, but we found an even higher incidence than the National Cancer Institute had reported using the Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Result database, and in particular, a dramatic rise in women in their 20s and 30s," says lead investigator Jerry Brewer, M.D., a Mayo Clinic dermatologist. Researchers conducted a population-based study using records from the Rochester Epidemiology Project, a decades- long database of all patient care in Olmsted County, Minn. They looked for first-time diagnoses of melanoma in patients 18 to 39 from 1970 to 2009. The study found the incidenceof melanoma increased eightfold among young women and fourfold among young men. The lifetime risk of melanoma is higher in males than females, but the opposite is true in young adults and adolescents, Dr. Brewer says.
A couple of times I had to translate Patty’s Jersey mumble and hyper-speed speak versus Scott’s southern drawl and hearing loss. Patty made several references to hillbilly weddings and Scott told her she would not be able to continue her habit of throwing furniture on the curb and replacing it with something new more than once per year. They are both neat freaks.
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer on Friday signed into law a bill to cut off Planned Parenthood’s access to taxpayer money funneled through the state for non-abortion services.
I see sequences of numbers. Everywhere and daily.
3/4 Cup ice water
The reason I rant here is that Happy Birthday To Me was pretty decent when I saw it on a Saturday midnight show in spite of a lot of drunken ironists but because of them, I might be giving the film more credit than it deserves. My attempt at unironic enjoyment was motivated by the same reason every drunk joker in the audience showed up to impress their friends that Saturday night: it's a slasher movie named after a calendar appointment.
