Serve this with home made apple sauce (prep instructions to follow) and sour cream, and you’ll taste the difference only in that these are far less oily and don’t leave you feeling like you need a good dose of Pepto Bismol afterwards.
Florida is considered "Sunshine State", with over 1200 miles of coastline and 700 miles of beach, is a vacation spot for Northeastern and Midwestern US residents. It also provides theme parks, like Disney parks located in Orlando and Tampa Busch Gardens, Kennedy Space center on Florida’s Atlantic Coast.
God save us all.
Nowhere in this book does it say this, but if we are to honor, love, obey, respect and etc our husbands and we fail to do so, what does that say about out walk with God. Are we really obeying Him? I honestly thought everything was ok with how I am in my marriage. God showed me that was a lie from the devil trying to deceive me into thinking that. First I preach at my husband and NEVER are we supposed to do that. Second, I let him know his ideas aren't the best (not in a loving way). This is uncalled for! Next, I as his wife am to follow his leadership, not be the leader or try to, which I was guilty of.
I have no idea how much time passes. The train jerks to a halt and my leg bashes against the toilet. I make my way back to my seat in time to notice this is my stop.
At secondary school, lunch times were a bit more sedate, though I did manage to find some friends that weren’t too scared of my tomboy attitude, and I often played tennis or football at lunch in the summer.
And she has remained tied down by her origins for decades. When Frank Miller and Bill Sienkiewicz planned a reinterpretation of the Amazon in the eighties, their working title was Wonder Woman: Bondage. Sienkiewicz’ test sketches removed any ambiguity from Marston’s subtext. No more Venus girdles. This was S&M.
That beauty is within your heart
Cat Daddy and his wing nut, Trash...junkers unplugged!
Workers Compensation for Overseas Workers
The tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly.
In effect, the large bureaucracies of the powerful subsidize the mass media, and gain special access by their contribution to reducing the media’s costs of acquiring the raw materials of, and producing, news. The large entities that provide this subsidy become “routine” news sources and have privileged access to the gates. Non-routine sources must struggle for access, and may be ignored by the arbitrary decision of the gatekeepers. It should also be noted that in the case of the largesse of the Pentagon and the State Department’s Office of Public Diplomacy, the subsidy is at the taxpayers’ expense, so that, in effect, the citizenry pays to be propagandized in the interest of powerful groups such as military contractors and other sponsors of state terrorism.
My kids are weird this morning-- the 7 month old senses something's off so he's yowling and my 3 year old has a horrible croupy sounding cough. I've got to call the pediatrician and schedule her in for an appointment and get her grandmama to carry her in. She just doesn't sound very well at all-- which is bugging me since I'll be leaving her for 3 days. :( I hope this doesn't wreak too much havoc with her diabetes. If she ends up in the PICU while I'm gone, I'll be heartbroken.
19-What is your favourite smell?
We drove, in our coach, up to the border crossing at Helmstedt-Marienborn, and were on the motorway corridor to Berlin. I remember flat fields still tilled with horse-drawn ploughs, watchtowers, and bridges slung with huge GDR slogans; then it grew dark and we were roaring into the night, into emptiness, it seemed. We stopped halfway at the sole service station; it felt like a place that existed only as an island in darkness, a no-man's land place, glaringly lit, divorced from any hinterland - which it was, of course. Somewhere along the way an East German police car appeared and waved our coach down, to fine our driver for spending too long in the outside lane. Maybe it had, but we were all very indignant about it, seeing it as harassment, and did a whip-round for the fine.
For that matter, even in lily-white areas of the country, it seems reasonable to question whether racism is always an inseparable part of the fabric of society. If it were truly “business as usual,” as the quote suggests, Iowa would not have chosen Obama. It may have been business as usual, once upon a time; but why, in this rapidly changing world, should a social work professor or doctoral student pretend that things are as they were in the 1960s or before?
FASHIONISTA by Micol Ostow
On a different note, I have tons of work to do. I have to do a lot of catching-up. Fingers-crossed, I can finish it this weekend. Look at my bed. It's a mess with papers! My desk is full of them already. But look at Spongebob Squarepants right there. Positivity, positivity. Why do you think I have Spongebob poster in my room? He is my ultimate motivator! :)
When we mixed For Bright and Healthy Mornings with Yeol Park from Pigibit5, The Boy Least Likely To and Go! Team were mentioned for reference. However, it turned out that reference is nothing but reference.
The Hulu Selangor by election shows a worrying trend of increasing polarisation of voters along ethnic lines.
And now I will show you a picture of my little offspring, Emalia. She's a bit upset at the moment because mommy won't let her attack the computer keys, so we'll take a photo instead!
Later, your friend who you haven’t seen in 10 years who likes to judge you, jumps into a river with a frown on his face. His wish is to end it all. As the rescue workers take him out of the water, just in the nick of time (thanks to your call), they can’t help, but notice the sign around his neck that reads: “Had to end it all. My friend has a great blog and I judged her. Goodbye world.”
Here I am all hooked up and then sharing my bed with Glen, poor thing didn't get much sleep on the couch.
By contrast, the maps—one of the Farmington Valley in Connecticut and the other of a good part of that state—posted by Connecticut Mountain Lion* tells a different story. The sightings on these maps are exponentially greater in number than the sightings on The Cougar Network’s map, despite much smaller geographic areas. This organization relies largely on eyewitness reports for its information.
In the early days of a new war, Cassidy Rain’s family was a military family. Her father is in the Air Force, stationed overseas, and she’s being largely raised by her grandfather.
And families and friends who’d come besides,
this is completely crazy
I ran to Shiva temple. I did not clean my feet, I did not even visited Ganesha Mandir, I just wanted to stare at my great-father! :’( I just wanted to be what I was! I was shouting “Hara Hara Mahadeva shambho shankara.” There were so many crowds! I was still yelling, “Hara hara mahadeva”, no one is making way for me to see my great-father, :’( Aalaya archaka was lighting haarathi, still I could not see my father, Archaka started, “namo bhavāya cha rudrāya cha namaḥ śarvāya cha paśupataye cha”, crowd started ringing the heavenly bells, I was wandering there to see my Lord, At last, Yes… I saw my Lord. The Mahalingam looking more-than-divine this time, I kept on shouting more “Hara hara mahadeva”, my tears were taking away my mistakes, I am what I was, I am dearing him, I am befriending him, I am talking to him, I am loving him. My great-father is always what he is… now, he is dearing me ‘again’, befriending me ‘again’, talking to me and loving me too ‘again and again’!
Truth: Many life insurance companies are willing to sell policies to people with a range of common medical problems, says Udell.
Dark Star Safari ~ by Paul Theroux (Egypt, Sudan, Ethiopia, Kenya, Tanzania, Mozambique, South Africa)
Don’t expect to see a digital art gallery pop up in your hood too soon, though.
Whilst NAMA claims not to set individual developers salaries, there appear to be credible claims that in practice maximum developer salaries are implicitly being set in the €192-200,000 range. NAMA has asserted that it has cut developer “overheads” by 50% but it is for the developer to decide how to deliver a project within the overall allocation. Some developers have produced business plans which included more substantial salaries – €1.5m in one case, which according to NAMA chairman, Frank Daly “didn’t get past first base”. Of course sooner or later the salaries and rewards of NAMA developers will get into the public domain, perhaps through company reporting and we will then see the rewards on offer.
reflections" with hopes that our family ties might be bound
I believe Colfer is a lovely fellow (he even once said very nice things about one of my books in an Irish newspaper) but I read Artemis Fowl, didn't enjoy it, and felt no inclination to read any more.
Me:”So you’re here to interview for the job?”
Ric’s Rating: 89%
You are truly the best and I hope your day is filled with nothing but fabulousness.
All in all, as I said, I’m a big D&D fan so I have high hopes for the next iteration of my favorite drug.
Proficient in English and Bahasa
Hope you will stop buy and see what is available...I promise you will not be disappointed with the visit. Be sure to click on the detail images and click again to get the real up close view.
We are lonely but our loneliness does not bring us together. Our fathers shook off their tents. They hid their pride in their pockets. They pointed towards you and said, “Let us join our brothers; let us go home.” And when they arrived, they heard a word, and they opened their dictionaries under the letter “e” and read “enemy.” We waited, in the yellow bus, for our brothers to take us home. The bus was a candle. The bus melted under the sun. The sun died. And we made chairs out of our hope, we sat, and we waited.
Hello everyone, I know it has been a few days since my last post. Been super busy with work and everything else. :(
There are also tons of great secondary prizes include champagne, cruises, wine glasses and more!
I am back to watercolor now, and I notice how greatly spoiled I have been by using acrylics. Don't like something in acrylics? Paint over it! Wrong color, remix and paint over it. You get the idea.
But is it not astonishing that some people can still think that the aim of foreign businesses (and let us not forget that the World Bank is also a business) is to ‘help’ Africa? Businesses have a legal requirement to make profit for their shareholders. Any expression of interest in Africa is because they realise the profit to be made.
I read them... well... most of them. Some (see TOM&TS above) I could not get through. Thank the good Lord for Cliffs Notes and an ability to BS on essay tests.
HT: I love creating characters that I fall in love with. I love it when I'm writing a scene and it consumes me. I'll be writing it for a couple of hours straight and then I look up at the clock and I feel like I had just experience everything I just wrote. It's like I just lived it, then I need a good snap back to reality. My son is good at giving me those.
Praying both will make a very speedy recovery.
Jimmy Carter’s policies gave us shocking inflation and a catastrophic misery index; Ronald Reagan’s policies saved America from a monster that Jimmy Carter could not understand and acknowledged he had no solution for.
magic lolita
When the water you want is inside the big vein on your neck.
The gray on gray is probably my favorite, but the blue on blue looks pretty cool too. Take a look at this detail of one of the birds:
Sheikh Al-Qaradhawi Explains His Objections to Muslim-Christian Interfaith Dialogue
6 sex
**Price: £49.00 + VAT**
Jennifer looks right at home, and Adrien isn’t too far off, but Tracy is timid, making little scrapes across the fish. When she finally starts to cut into her fish, she winds up sawing through it in a not so gentle way. Meanwhile, Adrien is still scaling, even after Tracy and Jennifer are well into fileting.
And some, on ANZAC Day might just down one too many with their remaining mates at a pub or an RSL (I had more than a few with some of them in Canberra last ANZAC Day) but I reckon they’ve earned it. Does the VB Raise a Glass appeal have a direct causal link to drunken dickhead binge-drinking and violent behaviour as some are suggesting? Hardly. That’s not to say we don’t have a problem – far from it – but let’s not try to solve one social problem by banning a totally and unrelated different social activity.
If you raised your hand to any of those (except numero uno), then you will probably love this post.
I am one of the 20%. It's sickening to think that 80% of women with ovarian cancer don't make it. But I have. And I will. And I am so very, very lucky. I feel that I need to do something worthwhile. I don't want to waste the opportunity I've been given. I want to do everything I can to stay healthy, to remain a 20 percenter (yes, I made that word up but it does the job). I want to grab every bull I come across by the horns (not literally). But it is so very scary. I haven't even been out in public since September. Well, I've been to Hopscotch (my local café) but that's different. The biggest crowd I've been in has been the Oncology waiting room at Guy's Hospital. Can I even have a conversation that doesn't involve cancer symptoms? What will I say? What will I wear? Will my hair ever be long enough for me to stop looking like a convict? I feel rather scared.
Here in the Triangle, the newspaper community felt these changes in 2011 when The News & Observer, one of the area’s largest newspapers, decided to move its design and editing desks from Raleigh to Charlotte. In fact, this blog was one of the loudest voices against this decision.
As the buzz grows louder around words like ‘placemaking’ and ‘creative economy,’ it’s interesting to see the ways that cities vary in the authenticity of their efforts to embrace these concepts. While some communities take the approach of re-branding existing efforts to contort themselves into a creative placemaking mold (particularly when there’s grant money on the table), Salem, MA appears to be responding particularly proactively. That North Shore city of some 40,000 just received a $25,000 grant through the “Our Town” program of the National Endowment for the Arts (an opportunity we posted in January’s newsletter) to fund a public art master plan. The resulting plan is intended to focus on integrating public art in an existing pedestrian mall while making improvements to traffic patterns and parking.
I mean, that’s just sad. It’s bad enough when an orc starts go gray, and freaks out, and goes way overboard dyeing his hair that pitch pitch black, that shade of black that doesn’t even fucking exist in nature, and half the time they try to do the pathetic comb-over too, which let me tell you, looks sad enough on humans but is even less kind with orc hairlines. But seriously, now we’ve got a CLEFTHOOF going through midlife crisis and dyeing herself auburn? How fucking sad is that? What’s she going to do next, start riding around in a convertible wagon and hitting on clefthoofs half her age? Plus, how the fuck did she even manage to dye herself brown anyway?! If I go over to Sunspring Lake, are there going to be all these floating dye circles and stains around the shore? I can just imagine one of the ethereals over at Aeris Landing seeing this going down and being all, “Hey, Chip, check this out, you’re not going to believe this shit…”
A 4-year-old Chicago, Illinois girl was shot when a gun that was stored between the mattresses discharged as she was jumping on the bed. She was shot in the ankle and rushed to Comer Children's Hospital where she is listed in good condition.
This past Sunday Chris and I attended the Newport Neighborhood Home tour and it did not disappoint. There was a strict no photo policy, so I'm going to have to get creative in sharing some of the homes with you all...
Situation A:
5 - A couple who had spent two weeks in Marmaris, Turkey, said that their holiday had been a disappointment because there were 'too many English people around' and the main reason they went to Turkey in the first place was to experience somewhere 'more exotic.'
But back to Joe; the Elephant shoot was interesting for several reasons: first, he was obviously working with a rather large moving subject that wasn’t exactly following his instructions, although the Elephant’s care-taker was doing an amazing job of guiding its moves. Second, the few SB-910′s at his disposal were not enough to make his vision work, so he worked around that limitation by engaging the audience (anyone carrying an SB flash was asked to configure it to become part of the setup). The biggest problem, however, was controlling the base-line; there was no way Joe could cut out the existing ambient light: a bunch of spotlights with various colors and the roof’s enormous sky-lights! …oh, and did I mention there was a Ballerina? She too was showing her best moves right next to the elephant. To top it off he was only given 90 minutes. Constraints galore and yet the results were simply amazing.
I love our fridge. Its hugemungous, it beeps at you when you leave the door open, has a water spout and ice maker. Has an awesome drawer at the bottom for pizzas, or veggie trays, (usually pizza though) Its got french doors and a drawer freezer. I used to hug it before going to bed.
I bought some of those 100 calorie snack packs- Cheez-Its and Shortbread Cookies, some Go-Gurt (he always wants that stuff but it's so expensive I usually deny him the joyful experience of yogurt in a tube), and some cubed cheese.
Ahead of us grew a vast, daunting network of overpasses, an entwining nest of steel and stone girders, far more industrial and myriad than the ancient city that lay in the desert fog far behind us.
And there is the loudest argument among readers. It’s not being printed on dead trees – dead trees and ink and printing presses and book binders cost money – that amount of money should be shaved off the price of the electronic version. Right?
-Dylan K.
next to my kikki.K Birthday and Anniversary Calendar that I've had for a few years.
before he left, the man went on
New Rules for this edition:
The cook became the assistant and we set up the kitchen for a Paillard Lesson. He donned an apron (it took him a bit to choose an appropriate "man" apron, on my instruction washed his hands and the lesson began.
Now I had a choice to make: I could listen or ignore the comments. I loved my story—loved. It hurt to think that someone didn’t love it as much as I did. My initial reaction was to discount the judges; to say they were wrong.
Beiges will have a red, orange or yellow undertone.
December 26
Texans pay approximately $600 million to incarcerate these individuals, but if probation were improved, the state would be able to reduce these costs and prioritize existing prison space for violent offenders who most need to be taken off the streets. Reform of this sort could also improve public safety and return low-level criminal offenders to productive, law-abiding lives.
For we realized that there was no way
Vector-birds are up and down
New Orleans Stop Time - Bumble Bee Slim
What is it like for a bat to be a bat,
West Midlands. 11.
CLEANER BATHROOMS
Alien / Walken (to Whitley / Walken ): I'd like to say a few things. First I'd like to season's greetings. Then I'd like to say keep your hands on the table at all times. Heh? Boo!...Boo. I wanna go home. I'd like to go home. You've broken my mind! I'm gonna kill you. Can we talk this over? I can't wake up. I am the dreamer. You are the dream. Look. The only thing that really matters here is what I am about to show you.
In fact the tasting for the competition was done in a separate room the tasters arrived in staggered groups. As well as the public there were also serious beer bods there which was an added bonus. I got to shake hands with Michael Hardman, one of the four apostles. I would say I'll never wash my hand again, but that would be an empty gesture as I haven't washed it for many years already after shaking hands with Dave Brock.
about them.
*Smear with a stick of softened butter.
The apple iPhone 5th generation should make it’s debut in the upcoming apple keynote around this october. IOS users have been looking for something new, a new design, which is not so surprising after apple has chosen to keep us with the same design over 12 months and 2 devices.
Hayden’s 380 is the only other time an Australian has scored 300 in a winning team. All other triple tons have come in drawn matches.
No matter how much you plan your life out, sometimes the unexpected occurs and you need to rethink. On the morning of our flight to Egypt, we awoke to an unpredicted blanket of snow grinding the UK to a standstill. No flights were leaving the country as the runways were too frozen for the planes to take off. Not the best start to a holiday, however there was nothing that could be done. I learnt from this experience to let go of expectations, accepting that sometimes life can change in an instant and all you can do is adapt and go with the flow.
I first fell in love with this sweater on New Girl last week. When I saw Emma from Glee wear it last night, I knew I had to try my hand at DIYing a version. I usually can't DIY something quite so quickly but this one is a fast and easy project using supplies I already had on hand.
Second, and more importantly, the post seemed to have such a great sense of closure. Like the story had really seen its end. As if I had learned the lesson, and was free to progress into that blissful liberty of guiltlessness and enlightenment and peace that everyone yearns for, and so few actually find. It sounded as if my problems were over. The skeleton from the closet is finally dead and motionless, the monster is not as scary as he seemed, and the lions have been tamed. But of course, life is never that simple. The man in the mirror still lives.
They are little mini pots aux chocolat that are the size of a petit suisse but taste like a delicious dark chocolate pudding.
First I tried the dark Chocolate with the beer and the wine. The beer definitely had it. well that's it I thought beer has won.
And so, Facebook has tamed Blogdonia, made it more homogenous. In so many ways, cyberspace bullies made this happen, just like real-life bullies gave birth to gun control. Just when online culture seemed to be teetering on the edge of a free-for-all, suddenly, Facebook and similar social media promise ORDER FROM CHAOS.
I’m conducting an overdue review of wills, powers of attorney, medical directives, etc. Things that everyone should have right now, but always seem to get put off until it’s too late. Since I have a pretty good idea of the manner in which I’ll die, I’m more confident I’m getting the medical directives done just the way I want.
Chicago Bears: B-
They smell delicious and are a delightful consistency. Both are enriched with aloe vera. The Fleur de Vigne is lightly perfumed with white rose, rose pepper (I don't understand what that means, but the result is delicious) and a soupçon of melon water.
See and see, live and see
Geometry Fun: A Supplemental Unit by Mandy of Mandy's Tips for Teachers: "This 77 page packet includes vocabulary cards, a student dictionary, three games, two sorting activities, two creative art projects and a short assessment." (2-4)
My two favorite salad combinations are: 1. Cucumber, tomato and celery and 2. Spinach, dried cranberries and almonds. Lately, however, I've been on a more exotic/experimental gourmet salad kick. I started the week off with a fabulous concoction of pan-seared red pear slices, brie and chopped walnuts. And then, yesterday, I picked that - as I discovered today at lunch - is even tastier once it's been marinating for a while. Unlike lettuce salads that become soggy a day later - this salad maintained it's crunch beautifully.
That said, I only spent $3.50 as opposed to $170 and with that kind of savings I am totally okay with a little shine.
and filled our grocery cart with non-perishable food items,
Lucky for me a reason found me! A little girl's ice cream birthday party to be exact!And to boot I figured I would let you all know how I made them, so you can make them to!!!
This is your tool to empty the eggs.A big darning needle.
It has been a long week around these parts. The nanny was sick, I was sick and then the little assistant came down with the norovirus. Let's just say that I was too busy with laundry to blog about these little peanut butter fingers before now.
While I can’t help but to come at this as Catholic Christian, I hope I can take this walk with my handful of readers – my friends – whether Christian, Jewish, Muslim or other. If we have one thing in common, perhaps it is the need for revival of our spirits, and a life of gratitude: A sense that we are not completely self-made and that we are not solely responsible for the good in our lives.
Lady Penelope: Ohww! Paaaaarker!
I was ready for the game last weekend. I was feeling a bit of MMO ennui and could have used something new to dive into. I could probably go for it this weekend as well.
Cleopatra’s Moon is the story of Cleopatra’s daughter, Selene, the only one of the queen’s four children to survive into adulthood. This was the daughter of the most powerful woman of her time, a child whose parents’ committed suicide, whose older brother was murdered, and who was forced to leave a life and home she had always known. The rightness or wrongness of slavery, I believed, would hardly have entered her awareness, let alone her consciousness under those circumstances.
Waterman achieves the installation's disorientingly holographic visual effect, as you can see in these photographs, using a white cube inside of another half-cubic projection area in the lower corner of a room; the smaller cube supports a sort of projection inside the projection, amplifying the resulting image's apparent 3D.
Badland
Yesterday did not go as well as I wanted but I know that we will have good days and bad days so it is okay. It was a tough day emotionally for me and since I am fighting being sick as well, my patience level was low.
We look forward to seeing you here!
Une pause..
Accepting this responsibility — all the forces who were in Afghanistan the past 10 years, they worked with us, helped us and supported us — go back to their country. And of course, the people of Afghanistan will never forget their help and their support, and also their relationship with this country. We will start a new start with this relationship and we will continue with this relationship.
In your bed, across your floor, underneath your clothes,
Me: A plate. A microwave-safe plate.
But I reached a full boil when I hit that last paragraph: “how to embed elements of Latino culture in the social studies curriculum.” Yup. Uh-huh. Mexican history, Latino pride, the Spanish language, Cinco de Mayo, the whole ball of wax. “Flags”? Flags of what country? I’ll give you three guesses.
Food: Upscale Gastropub
I have to say my boys are super competitive. And when I say competitive, I mean every little thing is an all out WAR!!!
I have long found it odd how much we'll put up with dramatically uncomfortable outfits in pursuit of style and glamour. I like pretty as much as the next gal, but at the end of the day I'm focussing on two things: getting OUT of the bra, and getting IN to the slippers.
4 profession
on her way out.
any beach. These type photos don't say which beach I have been to!
“I’m so bored at work”
Flash forward to Christmas, 1994.
The Burton Bridge Brewery is exceptional, by the way. You won't find their beers here in the US, so you'll have to go to Burton-upon-Trent to try (which, sadly, is not a big draw - it is a charmless town) but if you are ever in the area, make a point of stopping in, you won't be disappointed. Then, after, you can do as we did and head over to the excellent Coopers Tavern (in the shadow of the enormous Coors plant).
9/27/2008 - Charleston, SC - North Charleston Performing Arts Center
Guinness Ltd. Smithwick's
So WHAT?? When are these hacks going to give ME a so-called break? I have had so many bad experiences thanks to these goobs that I am now quite legitimately scared to go out and look for this stuff!
All ought to yield the courage with each other over these fundamentally different views, to come in dialogue. With an open mind and without fear for mutual questioning.
Eloise is cooing quite a bit and has almost mastered rolling onto her tummy.
from mornings in the meadows. And there,
The message comes at a time when governments are attempting to restrict the adult content being placed on existing but outdated legitimate sites, mostly by pornography companies in Eastern block countries.
Happy Monday! Only 20 more school days for this teacher! However, 1 day is a workday, 1 day we get out at noon (which the kids are doing a marathon that day), 1 day is "field day" which at our school means water day, 1 day is a class picnic... So yeah, really like 16 instructional days... and 3 of those days will be clean up/pack up/organize... so like 13. YAY!
LinkedIn I believe has a sophisticated algorithm to look for different variations of a job title to classify it to a “meta” job title. For example, “M&A Analyst”, “Investment Banking Analyst”, “Banker”, “FIG Associate” may be all mapped to the “Investment Banking”.
Many congratulations Katie Tate. Please contact us (email in sidebar) so we can arrange for you to receive your prize. So onto our new challenge and this week the theme is Decorate The Inside Of Your Card.
My recommendation is to have a cup of coffee in the light filled lunchroom, watch the koi lazily swimming in the pool below and go back through the exhibit again. 1968 was arguably one of the most important years in American history; with this exhibit, you don't have to have been there to be there.
Poppycock you say? Nonsense you say? You think I’m full of hot air, gibberish, gabble rubbish, and baloney? Maybe so, but I bet you good money that if you were to give a man the choice between a Harley/Biker Babe and a fiddle, he’d choose the Harley/Biker Babe every time – but only because that’s what society demands of him. Deep in his heart he yearns to play fiddle. Just ask him. He’ll lie to you, of course, but you and I know the truth.
Her eyes were welling up she fixed an expressionless gaze at me between the slats of the wood railing . . . and she was still holding onto the red balloon. The driver started the engine and the truck made a loud noise. She was startled, but never took her eyes off of me. Her ensuing gesture lodged that evening deep into my memory, easily recalled even these 23 years later.
Becks Blue - Probably the widest available alcohol free beer, but in my opinion the worst of the lot. Thin and metallic with a
This guy was so patient, just staring into the water, not moving a muscle until, bam, a fish jumped close enough and his jaws slammed shut. And so ends the monumental and epic journey of a salmon........
Stephanie, of Sweet Violet's Mama, grew up seeing her mother and grandmother work for a cloth diaper service repairing diapers. ( Can you tell that the passion for cloth runs in the family?). That is where she learned to sew and has been ever since! With a goal of providing families an affordable way to cloth diaper with wool, which can get very pricey, what's not to love! Stephanie uses only reclaimed wool from sweaters on her longies and covers. Rather than the sweater be forgotten or thrown away, they are turned into a new creation. In doing so, she lowers her cost (which lowers yours) and gives perfectly good pre-loved items a new life.
As the last in depth technical F1 book was the heavy weight title from Peter Wright showcasing Ferraris F1 technology from 2000, this remains a useful source of recent F1 technology.
i love the window in this room, which lets in a lot of light in the mornings.
I love to paper piece and use the term 'fussy cutting' because of the time it takes - but now I have found another term for it as 'paper painting' and that might be my favorite way to describe it! Check out http://sassycherylschallenge.blogspot.com/ to see Cheryl's challenge blog - you have plenty of time to make your card to enter this fun challenge!
* Given the opportunity, I will procrastinate until the last possible moment. It's already the 28th, and I still haven't made a start on H's tax return...
Continue to walk with me on our 2012 gardening journey.
People should know that Barack Obama demonized the primary means of interrogation that got us Osama bin Laden. And there is no question that waterboarding and other “enhanced interrogation” methods led us to the breakthroughs we needed to get bin Laden:
LP 1
Healthy eating plays a huge part in your fitness and you have to eat dense calorie quality meals and snacks. I needed to have plenty of energy on hand waiting to be burned for the race. We had a homemade sauce and organic spaghetti noodles, side salad, steamed squash medley, and bread.
According to some accounts, Dattatreya is a later phenomenon and it could develop a syncretic culture by synthesizing Shaivite, Vaishnavite and Sufi culture together. The people of the region believe that Bababudan is an incarnation of Dattatreya. Having a long history in Karnataka, the Dattatreya tradition – a part of Awadhut tradition, upholds the idea of a formless god, and condemns caste and sacrificial rituals performed by Brahmin priests. Also a long tradition of the Dattatreya and Sufism going hand in hand can be witnessed by the fact that Baba Budan and Dattatreya have become interchangeable.
These exercises target primarily the outer & inner thighs & glutes.
The pastor pleaded with the mourning mother not to give up hope. They just needed to pray. She said she didn’t know how, so he urged her to repeat “in Jesus’ name” throughout the night. He promised to return at 10 a.m. the next day to meet the girl in person.
It was a simple question from a confused new mum.
This time of year in Arizona there are extended spring training games daily. These are generally made up of young players who will play short-season ball when Everett, Pulaski, and the Arizona Rookie League starts up in June.
Between April 5, 2006 and December 31, 2006, Murphy made no fewer than 18 factually inaccurate statements in her TV commentary about the lacrosse case. She made at least eight more factually inaccurate statements about the case in December 21, 2006 and January 9, 2007 “talking points” forwarded by “victims’ rights” groups, plus at least one factual error in a late 2006 USA Today op-ed. Twenty-seven outright errors of fact on a single case is quite a tally. And that list, of course, doesn’t include Murphy’s misleading statements that were phrased in the form of questions or speculation, or her use of unsubstantiated rumors.
Those who receive, however, remember how you fulfilled their basic human needs.
Lola
And here's when I left off after 15 minutes. Some more sweeping, vacuuming and mopping are in order, but not today.
So both sides to my personality are satiated! XD Needless to say, it's loads of fun. ^_^ And I shall add little progress bars to the side of the screen, in Christmas colors, because I'm getting excited for December. =) I may not return often this month, due to the giant goal of 50k, but, good morning! And if I do not see you, good afternoon, good evening, and goodnight! ^_^
I really don't know anything about her life, other than that she most likely was English, because this first edition was published in London.
HFA spokesman Philip Lentz later gave me the tally.
These certainly don’t need anything on the side, but if you happen to find yourself with some fresh strawberries one of your guests brought to the party then I will say that they taste wonderful piled on top.
Next it's the minister's turn. He stands erect and booms out, "I am Joseph Snow, church pastor for the last 43 years."
In a bowl, combine crumb crust ingredients. Press into a 10-inch pie or springform pan, and bake for 10 to 12 minutes in a 350°F oven.
54. Le Volume Courbe - Ain't Got I Got Life (2:45)
03 Ride Natty Ride (Nonpalidede)
Even more exciting is that this is just a sign of things to come, who knows what they will think of next :3
The forest behind the house has completely leafed out and now we are totally hidden from the condos across the stream and greenbelt. They can’t see us and we don’t want to see them. I like that portion of it, the privacy and the quiet. The front porch is getting a workout. I might put a tasteful lamp out there to further enjoy my morning paper and a cup – limit, 6 – of coffee. A couple of years ago I transplanted a sprig of English Ivy, and now it threatens to overrun the entirety of the porch. It does need to be trimmed back, but not just yet. It looks vibrant and nice. Nothing wrong with a little greenery slinking all over the place. You see some lizards darting in and out of it now and again, so it’s a little arboretum/refuge for them. That’s okay.
But you know what? I don’t even remember what exact class that C was from… because it’s not important.
I've been in Egypt - for longer than expected. A few hours before our flight was due, a fearsome, hot wind sprang up from the Sahara and visibility was reduced to pea-souper levels by whirling sand. The incoming plane diverted to Hurghada and after a very long afternoon playing Scrabble in Luxor Airport we found ourselves facing an extra night away. We didn't get back until yesterday evening, so unfortunately I missed both a vital interview and the Proms launch. But April showers and the news that there's to be a Wallace and Gromit Prom have assured me I'm finally back in Blighty.
If Gina can cast aside her stubborn pride, trust Joey, and keep her heart from going into overdrive whenever he gets within twenty yards of her, she has a chance to discover the rhymester’s identity. Before time runs out. Before he kills her. Should Gina and Joey need that damn final clue, the game is over.
Me: Easy. Pour and drink.
6. “You look great.” (Don't focus on externals).
Inferiority
STOP AT NOTHING.
So yes, I did this. And yes, it appears to have worked. However, I did barf (twice) at the ENT's office and must sleep on my back and elevated for the next two nights, and not bend down to pick anything up or lie on my side or do any sudden up/down or side/side head motions until Friday. Piece of cake.
polyachka: what are the main milestones of the group over the years?
Part Two involved Holly Burn (or perhaps by this time Vivienne Soan was again compere-for-the-evening) introducing charismatic compere-for-the-evening Stephen Frost who introduced the amazingly sophisticated Earl Okin as “a sex goddess”.
After the mad dash for too much sugar, it was time for cake. Yay, more sugar! I'm not known for my baking, so it was cupcakes from a box with icing from a can. But, I did make more Pigs as cup cake toppers. Something was lacking there, but the kids liked them, so I guess we'll count it as another success.
Here’s a last example, which is far more ordinary and modern but has elements of all these things. My mother grew up in WWII and one of my earliest memories is of seeing her pause in the act of hanging up the washing to look up at a sound in the skies. I said helpfully ‘It’s a plane, mummy,’ but I’ll never forget her smile as she answered ‘No, that’s a Lancaster.’
I'm not planning on staying up until midnight for the first time in, well, for the first time since I can remember. I'm tired and we're leaving early in the morning for Wisconsin. My parents gave the kids a 2 night stay in the Dells for Christmas last year and we're going tomorrow with friends of ours. I'm not sure if the place has WiFi so I may not update for a couple days.
woven in the tapestry
They noticed that a lot of (online) sellers seem to put off-the-charts prices on items that actually cost way less than they publicize, when you can get the same thing for much less somewhere else. That's how they started. They wanted their buyers to feel that they're not cheated into buying things that are way too expensive for its actual market value; not only that, they also wanted to contribute to society by donating a portion of their earnings to notable causes such as disaster relief and the like. All That Clutter sees to it that their clients get quality shoes and clothes that are 100% new and of course, are undeniably stylish to fit their fashion needs!
It is an attempt to get real science into the brains of students who have been battered with these creationist terms as if they are fact and they can now no longer view subjects such as biology without saying to themselves “But what about macro-evolution? Ken Ham was right. They’re hiding the truth.”
I am beginning the logistical nightmare of The Move but I will have help. The absolute best part is my husband's company pays for the movers to pack the house for us. We've had it done many times and it is awesome. They come in like a swarm of bees and in 2 days have your entire house packed. He seriously told me this time we should pack ourselves. I seriously told him I didn't think so!
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery Indian Brown Ale
Anxiety hypnosis is a great way to help cure any of these disorders. Hypnosis helps patients to relax and also to revisit past feelings to help them realize why they may be suffering from the specific disorder. Make sure you visit a certified hypnotherapist to receive your hypnotherapy for anxiety.
or flutter like a bird (tearing out its own
Dairy Dog – I know this spot isn’t exclusive to Book 2, but its one that the ladies above mentioned and it’s also something I’ve been asked about many times. This is not a real location, however it was inspired by Briskers Dairy Bar in Oak Hill, Ohio (not sure if it still exists or operates under that name), the Dairy Boy in Crown City, Ohio, and about a dozen other ice cream stands sprinkled in every county along the Ohio River. I’m afraid that I have yet to see one that has twinkling lights or honeysuckle. That part was all me.
Imogen: Jude, look at me!
All beers listed without a brewery are Amber Ales. Percentages supplied are a mixture of guesswork and fact. Prices ranged from £2.80 for Derbyshire Gold to £3.30 or so fpr the plus 6% beers.
Happy Friday readers!
I downloaded a sheet being used as a teaser. I was shocked at the names of some of these groups. Very dark and sinister, reads like a horror story.
farming, wholistic ficus on
Stamps: Witch Shoes
Dear Jane:
Sip safely, everyone!
A piece of driftwood
(2) Here’s the economic argument: this Fiscal Compact is taking monetary policy off the table for EU countries to use as a tool to cope with financial crises. Monetary policy concerns itself with money supply and interest rates. In this global financial crisis we have seen how monetary policy has been deployed in the UK and US to help their economies over the crisis hump – both have lowered their interest rates to rock bottom levels, both have increased their money supply using so-called “quantitative easing” and both have seen elevated inflation, over 5% in the UK though this is now down below 4%. For heavily indebted countries like Ireland, struggling to shrug off a recession, an increase in the money supply and reduction in interest rates would be how we would, in part, have tackled this crisis if we still had our own central bank. But we no longer have our own independent central bank, we have handed that institution’s role in monetary policy over to the ECB as part of our membership of the EuroZone. And the ECB has a primary objective of “price stability” or in simple terms, keeping inflation at around 2% per annum. If the ECB printed so much new money that our inflation grew by 10% in 2012 then even if there was no real economic growth, our debt:GDP would decline by about 10% from 108% to 98%. That however would not suit other economies in Europe and it appears to be psychologically repugnant to Europe’s biggest economy,Germany. You could argue that the Compact will not alter the current position of the ECB independently working to preserve “price stability”, but the view on here is that this Compact is going a step further and pre-empting a request from a crisis-hit country and making it clear they will not find any comfort in monetary policy. And that is wrong.
Black Static; ed. Andy Cox TTA Press
"Laissez faire is out of date"
“But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came unto Iconium.”
Michael John Cahill, 37, East Williston, N.Y.
Crazy by Lydia Loveless
"You were faking, I could tell. Just like me."
It's a Forever 21 dress. It had this annoyingly ugly, decorative and non-functional shoe-lace bow on the front, which I cut off. The length was also a little long for my preference, since it made the dress look like a lazy swimwear cover up, which the dress very well may have been. With the way it showed ALL lines south the bustline, I hope it was. You might be able to tell that's so not me if you've read even the teeniest portion of this blog. My solution? I ripped out the seem below the best (and cut the back which lacked the waist band) and cut a few inches off from the bottom portion of my cut, and then sewed it back up with elastic thread. I had to use elastic since I had to hand sew it quickly as the machine wasn't coorperating. I kind of like the scalloped edge effect the elastic thread produced.
AND..
»Scene 4: Spencer’s bakery«
*What is your favorite fruit or veggie? And why am I so into food lately? Must be running all those additional miles…
By the way, we have a lot about San Diego Somalis, use our search function for more.
This is the glorious Asbury Park, a photograph taken in winter three years ago. The Stone Pony is off the boardwalk to the left. A glassblower is staying warm beside his fire. Beth is singing behind the camera.
We've hit some rough water recently. As we grow together and learn more about each other, layers come away and the reality of just how much my children have to grieve and understand becomes our focus again. We get stuck. Can't we just move forward? I deceive myself by striving to make their life so good and stable in the present that the pain of the past wont haunt them. Then I just end up feeling like a failure and lack the grace required to accept them and love them as they are, wounds and all. I need to give them space to express their pain, even when it is incredibly difficult to bear.
Georgetown is coming off a 2011-12 season that saw the team finish with a 24-9 overall record, make its third-straight NCAA Tournament and tie for fourth place in the BIG EAST Conference. The Hoyas have reached the NCAA Tournament in six of the last eight years and played in the postseason every season under Head Coach John Thompson III, including two NIT appearances. Georgetown, picked to finish in 10th place in the BIG EAST, posted a 12-6 league record on the way to earning a No. 3 seed in the NCAA Tournament’s Midwest Regional.
By discovering more evidence that Peshawar is much older than the claim of 2,600 years, the city can be included in the list of oldest living cities of Asia or may be of world like Jerusalem and Damascus, he hoped.
Signals: Simplex 2903 light plate with 9806 horn & Edwards EST Genesis horn/strobe.
On the one one hand, since these ex-con paedophiles are likely to be single men, and therefore with a higher than average disposable income (assuming they get jobs of course, which I admit may be a slight hole in this theory) then they will represent a gentrifying influx into a poor community, making life tougher for all. That’s fucked up.
The same response to what can only be described as brainwashing or extreme indoctrination in an informationally deprived environment can be observed in all totalitarian states: in the former Soviet Union, communist China, North Korea and Cambodia. Today’s enemies whose vilification and destruction will bring about the brave new world are the “white, heterosexual male” and Western civilization.
"Your parents think it's the opposite," I said.
I am usually a kicker against change, as in I change but I do it kicking and screaming. This change has given me peace and I don't really understand why. I truly believe that my focus on what I can have instead of what I can't has made all the difference. This is what I want. Normally when I fast I'm counting down the days until I can eat what I want again, this time I'm wishing I'd have committed to more and that's a huge change. The biggest question I have is could I do this for a lifetime. I think maybe I could if I gave myself meat holidays, seriously breaking my turkey on Christmas and Thanksgiving tradition would be too hard. Easter ham...oh my...and then there is that bacon I grew up on. Maybe I'll eat that on Valentines Day and Family Day...ha! Silly I know. My fear...which I know is the opposite of faith, is that if I eat meat once then I'll want it again. Decisions to change are often as difficult as the changes themselves.
Have a great Monday. If you're in the UK make the most of the "dry" day today...
There are too many delicious link to choose from so I did my best. Just know that I'd come and eat your dish with each and every one of you.
8. Do you have any badges/scarfs? (Pictures?)
The economic crisis changed past voting patterns, and this may lead to more consensus rule in the country.
k, time for snooooozes, they're calling for freezing drizzly caca tomorrow and I need to drive out to an appointment, so....ick!
the prince replied,
460. Spicy Basil & Chorizo Torta @ JR’s Place (Chicago, IL) 2:32 a.m.
In reality we often stand in our own way as a roadblock to our success. If you realized how little time people actually spend talking about you then you can move past your concerns about what you think they are saying. How many times have you been talking in a group while looking around the room? Were you talking about the people you looked at? So why would you assume people are talking about you just because they look at you while talking.
3 – Did you bring me a snack?
- Devilled Egg w/ Tuna
It is the first time that a Russian president will serve for six years, not four as previously, due to the recent changes made to the Constitution.
The random number generator choose #10.
Suspected witches (often thought to drink blood too) were also buried with bricks in their jaws. Further studies on the skeleton found on the Lazzaretto Nuova show that she was a lower-class woman of around 61 to 71 years of age, which is surprisingly old for a woman of that time.
1/2 tsp curry
Shingles, or in medical jargon, Herpes Zoster, is a rash caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox. When many of us were little, our mothers bathed us in calamine and oatmeal to treat the itchy pimples that accompanied chickenpox. After a few weeks, the rash was gone and we thought we would never have to deal with the virus again. We were wrong. 1 in 3 of us will see that nasty virus come back again in the form of shingles, which often presents with a burning, tingling pain on only one side of the body or face. This is usually followed by red patches on the skin and small fluid filled blisters.
And that’s when he told me he was in love with me. Incredibly, unbelievably in love with me. Not that he was just in love with me – he loved me. He could marry me tomorrow. Not that I should expect that we get married tomorrow, but he was so in love with me that he could. This all coming from a very drunk man. Obviously, drunk enough that he forgot that “marriage” is like a dirty word to me these days.
I should be back to normal bloggin' soon. I've got some recipes brewing in my head that I'm dying to try.
11 Justice 08:39
Ruler of Castle Black, a wizard, a fighter, the Court Wizard to the Empress. By human standards he would be arrogant and proud to the point of insanity but he’s a Dragaeran from the House of the Dragon. Unlike most Dragerans, he can become friends with a human.
My friend, Sally, and I were lazy and rode it up to the castle.
I will add, I love the heady topics, the storylines about life and death and all the questions we don’t have answers for. It leaves room for imagination and by extension, good stories.
What flowers to wear when? ‘Tis an ordeal, je sais. My rule of thumb is that if it’s not in season during this…err…season, then let it be for a bit, at least until it’s a tad closer to said flower’s bloom time. Also, make note of the colour like any good accessory. Would you find the placement of a bright yellow carnation to be appropriate in winter? No, not really. Keep that gorgeous lovely for the spring and summer, darling. Mums, dahlias, and the like in muted or jewel tone colours are much better for the fall and winter. Keeping this in mind helps to keep the look very authentic, and very much time appropriate.
Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a 10” or 12” skillet over medium-high heat, and add the mushrooms. (If they don’t all fit in the pan at once, let the first panful wilt down a bit, and then add the rest. It’ll work out fine.) Cook, stirring often, until lighly browned, 14-16 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, and set aside. Wipe out the skillet.
Cat and Bones are back at it and their relationship only got stronger in this book. With Cat finally realizing leaving Bones to do her own thing, thinking she’s saving him, is never the answer. Which by the way, thank god! I’m done with her doing that, they are at their best together. This book is high on the romance between Cat and Bones and I couldn’t have loved that more. As well we get to see all the other characters, as well as Kira and Denise. Kira is Mencheres love and Denise is not only Cat’s BFF but Spades love! If you haven’t read their books you should! The Night Huntress World books are FABULOUS!
Author of the Regency Romance novel, A Very Merry Chase
I have gotten to the point to where I have to open a bottle to “breath” right after I have opened the previous bottle because I am going through a bottle of Wine about every 3-4 days at my current pace. (Not that this is a bad thing….)
The iPad tried to auto correct “heart” because I mistyped it and turn it into “heat.” Obviously it believes I should type what’s going in with other parts of my body. . .
Go figure. It’s my biology and my hormones. There’s no point trying to fight it.
The lights. The glamour. The glory. We take your weakling 24lb toddler into a vicious training regiment and mold them into Apollo in Diapers. In a furious 12 rounds, we pit only the hungriest toddlers into a championship bout for the title of Toughest Two Year Old. These kids may be young but they fight like the most grizzled heavyweight counterparts. The punches come fast and furious while the crowd will cheer them on with Raffi songs.
4. it's fun! I'm a firm believer that it is good and healthy to laugh at yourself, learning to laugh at my mistakes has been huge for me, and I'm slowly placing a lot less pressure on myself to be (and appear) perfect.
I'm actually very optimistic about the future: technology is advancing rapidly; we have plenty of fossil fuels to keep us going while we develop new energy sources like thorium nuclear reactors; there are a lot of new agricultural developments which will help feed the burgeoning population; human beings are far more inventive and adaptable than the doom mongers ever give us credit for. Of course the cities in Mortal Engines are societies which can't adapt and face all sorts of looming energy and environmental problems as a consequence, but it was never meant to be some pious eco-parable. There are way too many of those about already!
The buddha therefore advocated ”mindfulness” so you could catch yourself before fast became normal and go back to the land of ”cool” before it was too late. But most of us are not buddha’s (we are more like buddhus which is the opposite of the buddha nature!). And therefore you need a friend who plays alarm clock when you are going out of tune. And you can play the same thing for her too. But you need to be open to them, for they are few in the world and will pass you by if you are not attentive.
Nanny's boy: Little Hudson and his Nanny (not Nanny as in live-in caretaker, Nanny as in Grandmother) I loved all these pattern so much that I cut up little 3x3 squares and arranged them on a circle and 'quilted them' in a very rough fashion. The circle looks a little wonky and egg shaped here but that's just my bad photography skills of the day. I swear it's round and pretty in real life!
Little things I don't understand are beeping. The blood pressure cuff is automatically turning on and off every fifteen minutes. Noises from other rooms... The distant sound of urban Minneapolis seeping in through the windows.
“Are you a practicing Christian?”
Ah, well. Forgive this old classroom veteran my hobby-horses. Suffice it to say that, for good or ill, Plato is not Kant. Plato is making assertions about the ontology of the universe (of being); just what Kant and his followers claim cannot be done. Listening to what Plato has to say will help us to develop a resolution of the problem of rationality, at least insofar as this problem is one of the mind-body problems. I am not here trying to determine exactly what Plato the individual man actually believed in its fine points. I am not an historian of philosophy. My interest in Plato is the same as my interest in Hilary Putnam or John Searle or Jerry Fodor or for that matter the person sitting next to me on an airplane: if they have interesting ideas that inspire me in my own thinking I am grateful for the acquaintance. The reader whose principal interest is in contemporary philosophy of mind can rest assured that that is my principal interest as well, and that I am not wandering off into exegesis for its own sake. It’s just that I sincerely believe that Plato is the best exemplar of the best argument for resolving the problem of rationality.
Simple concept: We were each to make or purchase a book, choose a color for our book, mail it to each artist, and he or she would do a page or two in our color and mail it to the next person to repeat the process until everyone had worked in everyone else’s book.
Risa
4. "My baby can..." - that's nice but my babies are preemies so I am giving them more time to meet those milestones.
My UFO Sighting
Stone Giant. Lone Monster – S 15cm – F d10 – D d8 – A 4 – M d6 – W 8 – P 14 – Special: Huge.
Related
Length: 21 inches
Congratulations and best wishes to the following new Ho-Chunk Nation officials:
Gebruikte materialen / used materials:
Isabella, we are dying.
Protection of the environment shall be the responsibility of the state and society and it shall be the duty of every citizen.
his prayer was
The boss held his head, and I hog tied his legs,
Paul was late, and evasive, and uncommunicative. We were passing letters to one another. During the day we worked together and even though he was a temp he had an office with a window. I was buried somewhere in the bowels of the building. I believe I wrote mean things to him in a letter which I left on his desk. They were mean, maybe, but they were heartfelt, and I wanted to discuss them more. But I never got the chance. Something always came up and demanded my attention instead.
Indeed, the Isabeau Dakota Corporation, STAR America Aviation & The Ultimate Pet Resort were all listed in this proposal with awesome pictures, graphs, estimates, job creations, etc. in a very professional business style! The reader will very likely not notice small items like Penny Idema's name being spelled “Penny Alessi” on page 13 and “President Isabeau Dakota Corporation & CEO” with signature forged seven times in the Idema grant document.
16. Bastard Out of Carolina: Dorothy Allison
Private Equity enters into an existing company, collects significant management fees, takes actions that may or may not benefit the company in the long term in order to make it more attractive to sell, and then sells. Private equity makes money off the gain on the sale and the fees it gets, which means that they can fail at the task of strengthening a business (keeping in mind that making a business stronger is not their charge), watch it go under, and make money, leading to layoffs for hundreds of people whose only sin was working for a company acquired by private equity.
Sadly there seems to be a problem with the link editing tool whilst writing this post, so apologies for having to add the full link. But it will help you get to the page within Pokerspace correctly.
I’m guilty of the hidden pleasures of watching people I do not know succeed, get belittled by TV bosses, fights erupting from egotistical self-absorbed divas, and ultimately fail if anything else, as well as a vast majority of boob-tube zombies. On a monthly basis it appears that American television is becoming more of a centrifuge for false advertising and scripting of the self-absorbed glorification of individuals’ lives, properly known as “Reality” shows.
For those who have abundant time, and want to awe their dinner guests with butter, the following directions came from the TLC site.
I've made French Onion soup before, but have always rushed the process with browning my onions. This time, I started out patiently with what I thought was plenty of time to actually caramelise my onions and make a pot of soup.
Fat: 4g
i can tell you what’s NOT my ideal lover like: someone possessive and utterly crazy and controlling and sarcastic and selfish and demands everything and gives nothing and .. oh yeah. humourous. my ideal lover is NOT someone funny. i hate funny. let’s just leave funny to people who get paid to be funny.
*Simpleish Mango & Blackberry Tart
I got out in it for a few hours last weened and this Weekend just passed.
Here is what you didn't see:
So I was really in the mood for something decadent tasting last night. On my cancer diet that isn’t as easy as it should be. Then I remembered messing around with whipped tofu a few months ago, and decided to tweak a tofu mousse i had come across.
that however it happens
Yesterday is history.
Tioté was felled when the raised arm of Mikel, who did not appear to have seen the Ivorian, struck him on the head. Extended treatment was called for before he was could be stretchered away.
Number Two. Mispar Shteim. I was frightened before I went to Israel. I hadn’t spent much time there, and I worried about the language. About the culture. And yes, also for my physical safety. But mostly, I was worried I wouldn’t fit in. My last name is Woodward, and my father is not Jewish, and I worried I would have trouble at the Misrad Hapanim, the interior ministry where I would have my visa work done. Where it was important that I be considered Jewish. I was worried, that they would tell me Israel couldn’t be my home. That I wasn’t welcome. I went to the ministry with a spectacularly kind woman from Mechon Schechter, named Anat – she’s famous and beloved among rabbinical students – and sat in the office of a clerk who was sort of the last person you would want to be your visa clerk. “Are you Jewish?” she asked me. “Yes,” I said. “Really?” “Yes. Meah achuz.” She paused. “Yesh sfeikot,” she said, “there are doubts.” “Ein sfeikot,” Anat said. “No doubts. He’s Jewish.” “Yesh sfeikot,” she said, “so you will only get a visa that you cannot extend.” And she stamped my visa. Being told that there were doubts about my Jewishness hurt. I bring this anecdote because it represents a real challenge that we American Jews will have to deal with more and more in coming years. But I bring it also, because it was a challenge we overcame. In Israel, I felt more welcome, more part of an עם, than at any other time in my life. Intermarriage, which is my parents’ relationship, doesn’t cut away Israel affiliation among children of intermarried couples. No. It does the opposite. It gives an opportunity, a space. It gives the chance to step into a people, a people who are intensely welcoming, intensely democratic, and intensely – well, you know Israelis, intensely intense. My mixed background has helped me to identify today as a Zionist more than ever before, and I think this is exactly the sort of engagement that we, too, can have in our communities for even those people whom we sometimes write off.
As soon as he got off the porch, he headed for the sidewalk and off we went!!! I thought"well, we'll just turn around in a bit and come back."
I am happy to say that the procedure was quick and so were the results! My mammogram and ultrasound were completely clear. They could not even find a cyst! The doctor said that he does not need to see me again until I am 40! I was so happy that I practically ran out the door.
variety of bubble baths and bath oils...
Sharpe RM. Hormones and testis development and the possible adverse effects of environmental chemicals. Toxicol Lett 2001; 120: 221-232.
I know what you're thinking. You mean to tell me, the fate of democracy depends on one man's ability to not shoot his goo inside a curvy blonde Nazi doctor in an expedient manner? Ridiculous as it sounds, Ilsa: She Wolf of the SS is all about postponing the ejection of seminal fluid. Simple as that. Anybody who tries to tell you otherwise has obviously chosen to approach the film from a perspective that is different than mine, and I respect that. But deep down they know I'm sort of right.
I came back to school, and got my Tokelau student to confirm that it is indeed "Fun."
“I would do whatever I pleased, Darcy James." Charlotte exchanged looks with her husband, “I’m giving you my cell phone, though, just in case. Norma asked me to check on her girls as she calls them, because Matthew and Michael going out on assignment. I can’t do much but maybe I could cook.”
At the farmhouse (our current digs) there are a bunch of very old, dodgy bikes – 1 had a wheel that was being held on by a Heineken cap – actual! We had taken one into get a new tire the day before and picked it up with the most functional of the others around lunchtime. This is quite momentous because bikes mean that not only are we really ‘living’ here now, but it also means that we are relatively mobile now. Big excitement!
"Dr. Savour, our Chief of Psychiatry, thinks it's fear."
Mr Kipling: “Why are you scared?”
I thought about how these toys may one day be worth money. I think I saw one of my neighbors collection those 12″ G.I. Joes. They were nicely displayed and kept in the boxes and I figured the same had to be true for Star Wars toys. If their toys were important…so were mine. Star Wars was waaaay cooler than G.I. Joe anyway.
My husband says that I should let them make their own coffee. I probably should. But I love watching the sun rise and being greeted by my son’s hamster, who spends the night in the dining room because he’s so noisy. When I turn on the dining room light, Rumplestiltskin leaves his wheel and runs to the cage door to greet me. After I say “Good Morning,” he goes back to his wheel.
Among the names on the hit list is that of district magistrate Chris Mthombeni, district magistrate Marie Viljoen, senior state prosecutor André Weideman, district prosecutor Reino Mostert, district prosecutor Hylke Janse van Rensburg, senior prosecutor Deon Laminga and three policemen, one a captain and two sergeants. All nine are involved in Rambau’s pending corruption case in Musina.
Bp from the Nitwits Collection Grinnbeartoo I used Tickling and Rose heart pink
Hope so!
We’ve all heard Dale Carnegie’s trite maxim, “When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.” Of course these pithy statements become popular because they resonate with so many people, photographers included. And it seems that not only are the photographers who adopt this attitude more productive, they’re just plain happier. For example….
Slated for release on April 13, the album features a mix or original music and cover songs, including renditions of the Wizard of Oz classic “Somewhere Over the Rainbow,” Jeff Buckley’s “Corpus Christi Carol,” and Screamin’ Jay Hawkins' “I Put a Spell on You.” Among the disc’s three guest singers is Joss Stone, who handles vocals on the latter song.
The papers are from Maja Design, "Rosa Marina".
He was quoted as saying in 1869, two years before his death:
He follows my blog and reads through everything, even though it would be a lot easier for him if it was in Spanish.
With 2012 now upon us many look back over the past year and reminisce about the highlights and the challenges; our victories and our failures; those things we can take pride in and those that bring shame and remorse; events and people that make us happy and those that still conjure up feelings of anger and hate.
One of the biggest reasons I like Shugo Chara beside the transformations, charas & graphics, is the focus on people improving themselves, always striving to do their best. In the beginning Amu is at risk from having her own charas disappear because she doesn't believe in them. She is understandably confused by everything that happens, and doesn't 100% enjoy the world she finds herself in. Slowly she becomes happier and her confidence increases as she helps protect other charas. When the episode focuses on a character who endures the process of their chara egg turning into an x-egg, Amu and her fellow guardians are usually on call to help battle against the character's negative thoughts into positive ones. The observations are really insightful, and are very relevant to all viewers.
Fennel Cookies
Well, folks, here is the truth: you probably would have done the same thing that everyone else did. The reason why is called “The Bystander Effect”.
Also, I was having night sweats and waking up in the middle of the night from weird sex dreams. I wanted to lose my virginity, that’s what was bothering me. I wanted to express myself sexually but was too afraid to take the risk of potentially opening myself up and getting hurt. I figured that if I was in a relationship, there would be too much pressure for the sex to actually be perfect, and I knew that that was too much for me to ask for. All of my non-virgin friends (which is like 100% of them) warned me that the first time was going to be awkward, uncomfortable, and painful. It wasn’t going to be romantic. It wasn’t going to be fun. So why not take a risk and try to enjoy what I could with a cute guy I would probably never see again?
And yet, he doesn't hold it against us.
how awesome is that picture?! we don't still look like that. but yesterday, march 18th, marked the date of our 28th anniversary. wedding anniversary, that is. bilbo and i. together for 28 years. and if you add the three years we were together before we got hitched, well, that's a looooong time!
Stiv Bators died in 1990 after he was hit by a taxi in France, another legend DOWN IN FLAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The adaptation, on the other hand, was much tamer (thank goodness! I found myself cringing in some parts of the book). The only character I liked in this series was Mr. H, Fanny Hill’s second lover, who was an earl’s wealthy brother. At first, he does not care that Fanny is still in love with her sweetheart/first lover, Charles Standing, whom she was torn away from by Charles’ brutish father. But Mr. H slowly begins to fall in love with Fanny.
2010.08.20 Thailand Yala 1 0 A 63-year-old civilian is shot to death by Muslim terrorists.
I am a tomboy. I used to dress in a way that a tomboy stereotypically would. I thought that wearing stretch black flares with some funky Sketchers was a pretty fashionable way to rock. (Ah youth...) Aeropostale was my favorite store what with their hoodies and baby T's with cute animals on them. All pants, all the time. Basically, I could take off running or play a soccer game or chase off a thief that tried to steal some grandma's purse at any moment. Because you never know.
You made my day just right
He said Greece’s security would be only enhanced by dropping its objections, as adding a NATO member to its borders would bind Macedonia to all the articles of the alliance’s mutual-defense pact. “We are no threat to the territorial integrity of Greece,” Mr. Poposki said.
- 2/3 c. softened butter
Some challenges I have entered into are:
Just stopping by to say hello before i leave on my trip to Hawaii! Had a great weekend at my cabin last weekend, and loved having my grandson there. We dug up some nice fat garden worms and went down to the river to fish, where the bass are starting to migrate up the river for the summer months. Sam was the only one of us who caught a a fish, and boy was he ever excited. Lots of apple blossoms out in bloom, and also love the growth of all of the moss around the rocks. The bottom shots here were taken of a 3-4 inch section of moss by a small rock, and loved how the tiny sprouts were popping up with their little seeds. Each one was about the size of a tiny pin, but so sturdy looking.
Dr. Abd Al-Wahed Al-Hamid, also a columnist for Al-Riyadh, wrote: “Giuliani’s act exemplifies the stupidity of a number of top American officials who repeat the same mistakes that aroused great animosity towards them, not only in Arab and Islamic regions, but throughout the world…”
I didn’t go in and collect nuggets to show
It's what I wanted at one point, too. Can't deny it. It's embedded into our southern-born DNA.
We will hear more of this, more leading members of the government will start expressing doubts over past immigration policy and be in no doubt, the Conservatives will follow suit, in fact we might even here similar rumblings from the Lib Dems if they get desperate enough, However, that is all it is, desperation. They do not mean it, it is a lie which they have absolutely no intention of carrying forward. Their sole purpose is to deceive the public.
The lilac blooms were colored with a base of V12. I chose this color because it's called "Pale Lilac" and I wanted to see how accurate it really was. Sure enough, I like it for a pale base color to my blooms.
* dealt with depression and suicidal thoughts
Those latter two are just meat puppets. They have no philosphies and believe in nothing but their own aggrandizement. Obama is a complete fabrication, from his birth certificate to his ‘memoir’ girlfriend who never was. Romney is a used car salesman who has chopped human beings up over a lunch deal and was sipping martinis in Martha’s Vineyard by sundown.
And then there’s his famous appearance on The Tonight Show, where he doesn’t bend any cutlery by any process, paranormal or otherwise. This makes sense if we were to assume he’s using the second method: he can’t just blatantly bend them, because that wouldn’t make for an interesting demonstration, and he can’t work with his own props which are designed for this very purpose, so there’s really nothing he can do. It’s harder to reconcile it with the idea of actual psychic abilities, which inconveniently fail to function every time we try to get a good look at them.
and after..
PEEPS PORTAL
I volunteer as a Running Buddy for Girls On The Run. I was assigned to an 8 year old girl at Julia Green Elementary in Green Hills. I ran a practice 5K with her a few weeks back & Saturday was the actual 5K. My little girl couldn't come because of an older sibling's graduation, so I got re-assigned to a Sixth Grader from Meigs Magnet. This little girl was injured, so we walked the whole thing, but it was still a blast. She's really into birds & talked about birds the whole time. It was hilarious.
I loved the locations all over New York as well as Paris. We watch in awe as Streep’s Miranda leaves bodies in her wake where ever she goes and every day as well. Will Andy get through this horrid apprenticeship, will Miranda’s divorce be so destructive that stories will be on every newspaper in the country’s Page Six – will she care what they say in those stories, and finally will Emily survive?
"Every good and perfect gift is from above; coming down from the Father of the heavenly
Coloured with Pro-markers.
A quick phone call from hubby brought interesting news–twins. The sons quickly dubbed them “Uno” and “Dos”. Hubby has since protested this decision as the Angus Association has declared 2012 to be the year of “Y”. He intends to register the twins as “Ying” and “Yang”. We continued to watch their progress throughout the day. Unfortunately for “Dos”, momma only wanted one calf and rejected him. He is now snuggled in a shady, grass-filled pen resisting all attempts to feed him. *sigh*.
Certainty or Comfort
In instinctively requesting understanding and empathy from Gherkin, are we creating an underlying jealously and resentment that could impact on the boys’ relationship as siblings as they progress into adolescence and adulthood?
At the end of the week-long hearing, the five-panel tribunal unanimously delivered guilty verdicts against Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld and their key legal advisors who were all convicted as war criminals for torture and cruel, inhumane and degrading treatment.
For those of you who are Team King Bill...
The perfect blend of these two opposing forces signify a balance, with no skew towards either side.
Researchers at Washington State University and the Scottish Universities Environmental Research Centre say the biggest Yellowstone eruption, which created the 2 million year old Huckleberry Ridge deposit, was actually two different eruptions at least 6,000 years apart.
If you were going to write a book, what would you write about? Would it be fiction, or nonfiction?
Boots: Macy's (total steal at the end of last winter!)
Spread over the mousse layer and refridgerate for a couple hours.
I’m somewhat going back to my moody teenage years. The Gothic and the grunge days. I admit, I still listen to the same music that I was listening to 10 years ago when I was 17 years old! Even more than that. Since I was 14 years old! A red laptop and black nail varnish! What else could I wish for!?
The obvious question is why should the President of the United States, in the run-up to a national election, feel that this is the time to issue such an EO?
It’s true that the banksters have all the money. They have so much money that they have purchased the NYPD and turned them into ruthless oppressors and common thugs.
So, here are my four stories: a young boy with unusual powers who becomes a test subject at a laboratory built in a renovated slave plantation; that same boy who grows up to become an assassin; and then goes to work for Doctors Without Borders on a remote island; and finally comes home and initiates the end of the world.
Sizzix: Labels Collection Framelits dies
What I noticed was particularly funny about this rankings and having people make a list is that you got to see distinctly what generation each person was from. Most likely if you are a Generation Xer, a lot of your infamous Mets will come from the ‘90s and ‘00s, sometimes if you are ingrained in Mets history, you’ll throw in a couple guys from the ‘70s and ‘80s for good measure, especially if they have remained a punchline longer than they were actually playing for the Mets.
Sigh. But I shall. Because it was oh, so lovely.
American Airlines itself is the source for information that AA Flights 11 (North Tower) and 77 (Pentagon) did not fly on 911. These flights are critical to the government’s crumbling cover up! Bush’s ‘official conspiracy theory’ of 911 is, therefore, a lie! If either of those ‘flights’ were mothballed on 9/11, then Bush’s ‘big lie’ ­the official conspiracy theory ­is not merely false, it is a bald-faced lie!
I did some sewing, altered some bottles, did a little yard saling and found time to cut roses from the garden. Not bad for a weekend eh?
When did you and Jay realize that you were both gay?
I was mighty glad we forsook cheese when our bonus dish of Iberian Pork Tail with Crispy Leaves and Toasted Sweet Millet Oil arrived. The tail had been boned and flattened, and the skin roasted till crisp, yet still moist and slightly sticky. The sauce was deep concentrated pork broth that seasoned both the meat and the cornflake-like barley cracker “leaves” -porky heaven.
Level 20: MP Cost: 19, Attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times, Damage: 230%, 10% chance to stun the enemy for 4 seconds.
“We don’t have to be defined by what we do-“
I have a few pet peeves.
I despair of the NIMBY attitudes exhibited by your anti wind farm correspondents (Scotsman Letters, 18 April).
--Carlos's son, Maxi ... long periods of making me gaze into his eyes and hum along to the music, so we are "sensing the rhythms in each other's bodies". EYES ON THE ROAD, Maxi. But wait - have his good looks assisted in communicating some part of what you were supposed to do?
(Debbie was obviously off buying things from underneath our noses again....)
I LOVE this song "Spiritus" by the one and only Lisa Mitchell.
Overall today was a great day. I would have liked to go out to eat to my fav restaurant and then bowling, like we had planned, but playing with my kids and visiting with my sisters on the back porch while the wind was blowing was better than anything else.
Boiler Up! (lol, yeah, still excited)
was spent so far, and what
May 29th - Fathers Day Party Started
Are you kidding me? Jerry Mintz over at AERO sent on the Gatto update and here is what he writes in his newsletter;
1. The Holy Father wants this process to proceed, and end with the regularization of the Society. This isn't conjecture, but a plain fact stated by Bishop Fellay, himself. In fact, Bishop Fellay stated that if there is regularization, it will happen because it is the resolute will of the Holy Father.
Oklahoma: The same things from the Longhorns’ description above, with the exception that they lost the head-to-head.
7. Realise that I also wrote down the inches as centremetres, and the centimetres in inches.
2. Develop and follow a routine when taking the device on and off. Both you and your baby will get used to the movements and just like learning how to push their arm through a sleeve baby will learn how to help.
RIP Hydrangea, the Apocalypse of 2011's first casualty
The girls and I started our day with mimosas and beignets, then we swung by the daquiri bar (for me), shopped all over the city, walked the squares, sampled candies, tried some cupcakes (ok-me again),had an amazing lunch with a view (I ordered a fried green tomato blt, YUM), and then we headed home. It was a great "vacation" day.
The governor of Newfoundland, although seeking to encourage trade and end hostilities between the Beothuk and the English, had approved an expedition led by captain David Buchan to recover a boat and other fishing gear which had been stolen by the Beothuk. A group from this expedition was led by John Peyton Jr. whose father John Peyton Sr. was a salmon fisherman known for his hostility towards the small tribe. On a raid, they killed Demasduit’s husband Nonosbawsut, then ran her down in the snow. She pleaded for her life, baring her breasts to show she was a nursing mother. They took Demasduit to Twillingate and Peyton earned a bounty on her. The baby died. Peyton was later appointed Justice of the Peace at Twillingate, Newfoundland.
Bryan
So I shall take this with me to England in 3 weeks time and baste and quilt it before sending it to Siblings Together. Another tick off the list.
12. Don't Be Denied (intro missing)
Thanks to the editors, Joyce Shor Johnson and Jennifer Carson, for believing in our piece.
Since slowly falling in love with shoes, I have garnered a few pairs. But most of these shoes have to be piled on top of one another in a most unappealing fashion, either on an everyday-use, by-the-door rack or in their boxes above our closet.
Choosing a professional test preparation program can help you focus your energy and time efficiently in preparation for the LSAT. Taking an LSAT review course allows you to learn from professionals, have open discussions in class, as well as take timed tests regularly to get a real understanding of the actual LSAT process. Here at Lincoln Law School of San Jose, we offer Bar study programs for the LSAT and the Cal Bar. Go to our website for more details.
"You have to go out to Cadman Plaza," one told a group of high schoolers trying to get to school. There is another walkway further east, not as easily accessible because of the necessity of taking stairs at the north end.
At times, I think about the high you get when you step on the scale and it shows a loss. I miss that damn high for sure. I need to keep going til I hit the goal line. For gosh sakes, I live in San Diego, you cant be fat in San Diego, you just cant. There is so much to do here that the fat just gets in the way.
to that little
Well, I am witness to his soaring soul and my
Good musicians have an intuitive quality that is hard to explain. To an average person, a song is a pattern of rhythm and a series of notes. But a good musician can hear and understand the hidden structure of a song. She intuitively understands how the music is built. She can listen to it once and play it.
in the anonymous depths
I´ll admit i´m already a full-time mesh snob, and you won´t see me wearing many system layers, so i can´t wait for this hunt to start.
Do you have any future designs on the drawing board?
What I can’t stand are the more recent spate of post-9/11 covert action novels that sup like mangy puppies at Tom Clancy’s shrivelled tits, with Glenn Beck acting as their Hitler (mental-) Youth version of Oprah. Vince Flynn, Brad Meltzer, Brad Thor (could you get a more white supremacist name than that, incidentally? I read about half of one of his books last year, and it was basically Storm Saxon for MMA hillbillies); all of them inevitably either involving the United States military-industrial complex as the hero or filthy Middle Easterners as the villain, or both.
The interview was with a small newspaper at the other end of the county I live in. I worked at that end of the county for 7 years, so that wasn’t even the problem. In fact, I left earlier than I felt I needed to-thankfully.
Hips: 42 1/2″ I lost an entire inch!!! This is a big deal for me because this is the area that I want to lose most. I dislike my “spare tire” the most of all my physical flaws.
Besides, when they don’t meet our requirement/ needs, we will express our anger to them but not to our friends…
1. the literal meaning is a wave, like a sound wave. However, it is used to talk about a situation or person in a good way. Tu amigo tiene muy buena onda. Your friend has a great vibe/is really cool. It is not only used in Argentina, but is used a lot, so is important to know.
On my walk to class, I always check out the local gardens in the Clairemont neighborhood as the weather is slightly different there than coastal SD even though it’s only 5 miles from the coast. There are more canyons and cliffs here and there and on a hilly area between two detached houses, I saw some leafy plants which I recognize to be artichokes. I wonder if they were wild ones or ones that were planted by one of the adjacent house but I have heard of wild artichokes growing in So Cal.
Close ears, Close eyes,
Anybody who loves history would know that Clark Airbase used to be called Fort Stotsenburg. Situated three miles west of Angeles City and eighty kilometers north of Manila, it was not just the main base for the US Cavalry in the Philippines but a place of opportunity not only for Kapampangans but for people who wanted to earn a living in other parts of the country even then.
the Field of the Cloth of Gold and of Miss Macready.
We went to two different stores, and I ended up with such a headache. My daughter wanted me to buy her all kinds of things. Towards the end, she was fixated on me buying her an Easter basket and treats for her classroom. I was planning on getting those things today, when she was at school. I told her this. She didn’t want to wait. I ended up very frustrated from constantly saying no, and telling her I will take of those things the next day. I ended up with a really bad headache. I just wanted to go home. I was disappointed, because I had started off enjoying myself. I really just wanted to look around in the group of stores we were at. They had a lot of things that the stores in my town don’t have. I could tell my husband was not happy. There were a couple of stores he wanted to check out. But, he understood.
Remember that large piece we made last week? You can get a look at it in the customer's Maine home at Wood Shop Shanty.
Strawberry Surprise Muffins (Vegan)
Day 1 (Namsan Guesthouse – Itaewon – 63 City – Han River / Hangang Park – Gyeongbokgung Palace – Myeongdong)
First I'll begin with happy 2012.
TGWD - And here's his spleen at 15th and Green Street.
Every child and young person has rights, no matter who they are or where they live. As adults, it's our responsibility to ensure that these rights are protected - whether we have children or not.
There are too many places for people to hide - stairs, elevator or between cars. The parking garages I have seen are often poorly lit and dingy. Several years ago, a co-worker was attacked in a parking garage in broad daylight. She was the HR Manager and had to go to the courthouse for an unemployment hearing. A man approached her but she yelled and swung at him with her briefcase. He was surprised by her reaction and ran away.
But you know what? In the moment I didn't care, because it meant I could chat and catch up with an old friend.
And in the evenings and weekends, I'm photographing our life and cutting coupons. We're buying healthy, local and organic foods. I'm putting them into recipes and cooking from scratch. My husband and i are filling this home with love. A love that will forever be present for each other and our future children. I'm hanging my clothes on my drying rack by our wood stove....and finally, I'm sitting down to pick up my knitting needles.
What’s funny is that Christmas has never been like that in my family.
and I thought about a lot of the crap (the only appropriate, descriptive word) I've been thinking about lately...
Your class could also collect the seeds they find outside, pot them up, and see if they begin to grow!
(17) MAINBROOK LTD
It's OK that I didn't sleep that well last night because I can take a nap before work!
“We expect the same feelings of goodwill from India and certainly India will come up to our expectations,” he added.The current democratic government under the leadership of President Asif Ali Zardari is making efforts to create an environment conducive to peace and brotherhood in the region, he said.
o Break the peeled bananas into a bowl and whizz with the sugar (I used a hand blender)
The second site I tried told us to wait until the wax dried and scrape it off with a butter knife. Nope. That worked about as well as me staring at the wax and wishing it would go away.
I want to make you whole
we hide like lost children
11th - mighty water battles
A hour later the passport was found and the ticket was fully booked. J was fine for the rest of the day even if J was a zombie. Which was better than J being a threat to J and others. Watched some tv and then went to bed myself. Laid in bed trying not to relive the day and have my thoughts all over the place. Do some focusing on the tension in my body and let the tension go. Boom fell asleep.
I couldn’t help noticing that most of the people in the waiting room were heavy. I was figuring out that obesity and snoring are closely related. I later learned that you can be skinny and have this disorder too. It all has to do with size, and muscles. Unfortunately, the older you get, the more your muscles relax.
Cami: Smart Set, I think. Maybe Suzy Shier
And these SO beat pizza. As the onion and garlic cook, their juices mix with the melted blue cheese and make a sweet-tangy garlicky sauce. And the veggies are delicious and tender...and the crust is soft and crunchy...
It also clips the wings of the criticism of Arsène’s transfer activity, a source of dissension as the summer window passes by with everyone but Arsenal signing players. Last year’s accusations of panic buying were a step too far; I think it only applied to Park with the coming deadline (and drubbing at Old Trafford) forcing the club’s hand in terms of fees. As I have suggested before, I still cannot fathom the signing of Park and will to some extent be surprised if he survives this summer at the club. There has to be more to it than the manager finding him to be lower in ability than the scouting reports suggested but his future is more likely to be linked to whom Arsenal retain or sign than his own desire.
“5 – The scriptures nowhere say Jesus was a substitute for our sins.”
My everyday life.
The remarks were in sharp contrast to recent tension between the two neighbors over cross-border raids, and Afghan accusations that Pakistan was involved in killing the chief Afghan peace envoy, former Afghan president Burhanuddin Rabbani, by a suicide bomber on September 20.
As soon as I wake up, it bothers me instantly as if it was expected
My self-created world of safety was obliterated. I kicked and screamed and fought it like a wild ninja on the inside. On the outside...I watched his every move. And I knew.
Christmas is coming and there was no even hope to get the cunt, my mother, even a token. I got her a false witness wrapped in a bow; a disease covered pungent sound...Nirab's hirab-ed 3-stage blender mulcher was one thing even her life never spread to, but provided for little cousins' md nephews and shifty eyed peadophile
“How exactly did they threaten you?”
Moan over…
She also hoped to put on a show for the large contingent wearing “Rooting for Reutter” shirts, which are incidentally available at www.katherinereutter.info.
From the back. The petite hits me at the low hip, I think it is your call on which you would prefer...do you want a regular top (and have a fairly short torso)? Buy the petite. If you are interested in a tunic (or have a fairly long torso), order the regular. If you are a petite woman (say under 5'3") and you have a short torso, you could buy the regular version and possibly even wear it as a minidress.
We have reached Deadhorse sometime after noon. Interesting place. It is basically a factory town. Everything is revolving around people working on the oil busyness and a little bit of tourism (one can get a two-day excursion to Deadhorse from a cruise). Lot so machinery everywhere, some weird heavy equipment. All waiting for winter freeze when the heavy work can be done on the frozen tundra. There is no asphalt, no sidewalks, no downtown per se. There is a store, however, and a couple of stay and eat places. But the food in all those places was $20 buffet, that’s it (I suspect the food was the same also). There was absolutely no alcohol. I suspect it is a good idea. You don’t want people who operate heavy machinery next to highly flammable liquids to have access to alcohol. Most of the passenger cars there are big trucks, mostly Fords too. Probably company cars. Interestingly most of the parking spaces have power cables hanging. They are to connect the heater in a car in winter. Pretty much all the cars in Alaska has this small power plug hanging from under the hood. I suppose in Deadhorse it would be especially important. Most of the oil stuff belongs to BP. However, there are lots of small contractor companies. Each company has its own space with the equipment stored for the services it provides.
This vision of beauty looked at Moon and winked.
This sudden, fleeting feeling of jealousy is one of those inevitable things that can sabotage a weight loss plan.
The Creeds Maybe “disagree” is too strong a word here. Certainly the two scholars use the creeds for different purposes in their work. McKnight, for his part, sees the ancient creeds as real standards to be upheld and rehearsed. He sees the heart of the gospel within the Apostles’ Creed and the Nicene Creed, for example.
Also, please take a look at the wonderful cards my DT sisters prepared for you this week too! You won't get disappointed!
The fourth name will leave you frustrated; it left me frustrated: "He has a name written on him that no one knows but he himself" (Rev 19:12). Many people try to guess at the name and tell us what it is. But the text is clear: "no one knows but he himself." So, it is no use guessing. And, it is extreme foolishness to declare to others what it is. It is like the time of the second coming whose day and hour is known only to God. Whatever the name, it is so holy, so majestic, so awesome, that us mortals are not worthy to hear it or to know it.
Of course there’s a way that men should listen to their women. Look for it in my next blog!
they glisten,
taking it’s riders
but what i really want to talk about, related to the issue about obesity above, is the expense! my groceries are not cheap anyway, i already eat mostly fresh food. but when you take out a sandwich for lunch or toast for breakfast, and start getting your fibre wholly from fruit and veg, you’re looking at a lot of money being spent on food. which is what makes me so angry when we have newspaper columnists running around talking about how much fat people are going to cost the health system and NOT talking about the fact that macdonalds is cheaper and easier. i had someone living a very comfortable middle class life once tell me there was no class in australia. you want to start linking obesity to postcode and try sell me that one again? i can see it here, near where i live. the coles supermarket closer to the housing commission area has dreadful quality fresh food and a very limited range. the woolworths not more than 1km south is like gourmet world. yet another social problem that we blame on the individual, yet another great big silence. im lucky, i can afford to make this change. we should think about those who are less so before we rush to judge them.
Sometimes I know I need to go searching for it. Sometimes, I'm around someone who is cranky or angry or depressed and I can easily get sucked into their negative emotion. It's like I struggle to share my joy with them in such a way that I can in any way alleviate their negative feelings.
deep within my soul,
I ended up calling the cemetery the next day where a woman with a horrifying, old voice told me that the building was a public mausoleum and that it was completely full. Which is fine, because I had no desire to get in there any time soon.
So they have secured their place and guaranteed China’s position to reap the rewards as the oil starts to flow.
When my husband died I was in a bad place... well, he took his own life, you see. That did leave me in a very strange space. I should feel bad that I have the nerve to talk about my own pain, then, seeing as his was much more, so much that he didn't want to be here, anymore... but... well, he's not in his anymore, so what the hey ... and I had to live in that space for quite some time. Now I'm free, though the aftermath is like a tide that sometimes still comes rushing back in, and then gently fades away, back to the sea of everything, where all emotion lives. There was not just pain, there was guilt. Guilt for words that could not be taken back, guilt for actions that could not be rescinded, before he did the deed... guilt and pain for events that could not be reversed. Guilt and pain, guilt and pain, guilt and pain... what a nightmarish echo.
As I always do, I corrected him, "Oh I'm not a doctor."
and how it could let you
The Eagle had two long-time editors, Thomas Kinsella (1861 to 1884) followed by St. Claire McKelway (1886- 1915), who had the greatest influence upon the paper’s style and voice, and oversaw the paper through the height of its influence.
This is also probably due to the fact that I chose a bowl to bake it, a nice glass 9x13 would have worked beautifully...
from carrying you, we will return,
A star-studded cast joins Macy’s to celebrate the holidays including India Arie, Big Time Rush, Betty Buckley, Ann Hampton Callaway, the casts of Broadway’s American Idiot, Elf, Memphis and Million Dollar Quartet, the Big Apple Circus, the cast and Muppets of Sesame Street, Miranda Cosgrove, Jimmy Fallon & The Roots, Gloriana, Michael Grimm, Arlo Guthrie, Keri Hilson, Eric Hutchinson, Juanes, Victoria Justice, Gladys Knight, Mannheim Steamroller, Kylie Minogue, Miss USA 2010 Rima Fakih, Power Rangers Samurai, Joan and Melissa Rivers, Crystal Shawanda, Jessica Simpson and Kanye West
In 2006, Squeeze In was featured on the Food Network’s Throwdown! with Bobby Flay. Misty Young discussed how the show’s casting director located their restaurant via the Internet, and after an enthusiastic conversation about omelets, they decided to feature their restaurant. From there the Squeeze In began co-branding their logo with the Food Network’s logo and achieved a variety of press coverage that worked to elevate brand awareness. Today Squeeze In focuses on strategic partnerships that are in alignment with the company’s goals. Misty is a big fan of research and planning, which forms the basis of many of her decisions. With an opt-in email list of nearly 20,000 customers, it’s clear the company has built up a loyal following of satisfied customers over time – a true key to their company’s success.
But I am biting my nails and sitting here waiting for Mum, Dad and Amy to pick me up at hospital and take me home, and I don’t know who they are. I don’t know where ‘home’ is. I don’t know nothing. How can
Stephanie, Jessica, Jan, Joanne, Paula and I, all made houses. Each one so fun and different from the others.
Austin: "Mom, when you die, can I have your Ipad? Oh, wait - or are you gonna have it with you, probably on your belly? Well - if you don't take it, can I have it? I know, don't tell me - first Mason gets it, then Evan, then Logan and then me. Right?"
on almost every
See that Ryan is happy and free!
Anyways, I jogged my memory by skimming some reviews, and this episode was heavy on the Kawatche myth/Superman anvils. A guy gets powers similar to Clark’s (second time that happens in the series, at this point. Or is it the third?), and he believes he’s Naman (Superman), and he has to kill Sageeth. He believes Segit is Lionel Luthor, but of course Superman’s Sageeth is Lex. I remember loving Lex’s last scene with Clark where he posed the question of whether or not Segit is the true hero for standing up to the being with the power of ten men.
I can already hear howls of protest from civil libertarians such as Irish Council for Civil Liberties. I can hear Donegal being cited. That is why we need to involve the Special Criminal Court. Currently the say so of a Garda superintendent that a suspect is a member of an illegal organisation is sufficient to convict but this is limited to membership of a terrorist organisation. If we trust senior Gardaí to make such pronouncements in the case of terrorists surely we can trust them to do the same for suspected violent criminals.
“We’re still exploring our options,” DOC spokesman Jerry Massie said.
So if anyone ever insists on you using gloves in an archive, use your common sense. Ask the archivist why you should wear them (there may be a good reason relating to the particular material you are consulting) but if you find that they prevent you handling the document with appropriate care, say so, and ask for help. Libraries are full of aids to make the physical process of consulting original material less risky. There are special stands, weights, cushions and acid-free place markers. It's quite rare to be told that they are available, where they are, or how to use them. Find out. It will prolong the life of irreplaceable documents, and make the joy of working in an archive less anxiety-laden, and even more intense.
template. its magazine quality blogger template.its 2 columns, top menu,
Not all this busyness in the foreground,
Food cravings: Anything that looks delicious!
“Yeah. Never tried.”
I love my iPad for several reasons, one of which is all the fun educational games my kids can play. But there are so many apps out there that sometimes it is hard to know which ones to get. A few months back I had reviewed the jumpstart.com website, and they contacted me again asking if I had heard of their apps, and would I like to review a couple. I had not heard of them, and was glad to check them out!
Wild Turkey Russell's Reserve 101, 10 years old, 50.5% abv.
Showtime. Three years after her death, Showtime produced a movie based on
Thankful for YOU.
As I drove back from the carboot at 6.30 this morning I decided to make a very slight detour and go to look at the first house we ever bought. I was 18 when I signed the paperwork for the mortgage. J moved into the house and lived there alone until we were married a few months later.
“A few. No one in this media,” he said as he took a mug. After a sip, he asked, “How long have
This is #3 in my challenge series of 50 pets this summer. You might be wondering what happened to #'s 1 and 2...it's quite simple, they ended up in a most disgusting way and will have to be re-painted at a later date. Michelle Muse is a family (not mine) chicken and you'll soon see another painting of her very soon.
On today's hop, the Quixotic Paperie Design Team and I have been joined by some fantastic crafty friends. A big thank you to each and every one of you for your support and for joining in today!
-..............................? I don't hear a thing....not even a bird sing..or a leaf rustling ..there is no wind....there is no sun....O ..Gustave ..I find that very suspisious...
Her mother sounded cheerful–not the cheerful that comes from being immersed in joy, but the cheer that tries to convince another to engage in the next activity, whatever it may be. Her mother swiftly exited the driver’s side and began unlocking the back sliding door with purpose. The child knew it was useless to explain that her animals, cartoons, and dolls were waiting for her return. Her mother was determined, and she would bear with the momentary interruption. She was also more curious than exasperated.
3) I debated adding this - but I think it needs to be said - don't propose unless you know the answer will be 'yes'. This should be self explanatory; but it's really just about being on the same page as your partner.
We could die upon the tooth
The next time I painted Chaos Dwarves was for my Rackham 'Vulcan's Hammers'.
So I will stay, holding my breath though I never reached the sea,
Anyway — it’s not fair to that which is being slaughtered to be slaughtered. It’s not fair when I kill the ants that climb up my bathroom sink drain every year. But life isn’t fair. Some alien race could come along, decide we’re its food, decide our minds are so incredibly feeble that we can’t truly comprehend the horror, and slaughter us for dinner.
MAUNGS: Aliens adapted to higher gravity, higher temperatures and greater air pressure than Humans. They are peaceful but symbiotic in nature, and one of the symbionts is parasitic on Humans in its early, insect-like stage. R’il’noids are not affected, and are able to detect and remove the parasite from Humans if it is caught early enough.
But he said the policies were only valid within Pakistan.
Luckily I found a way to incorporate my love for nail polish with my new found love for making jewelry. I now make jewelry using nail polish (as well as other things like wire & beads).
Faithful readers, it’s time to weigh in. What could I do that would result in both a novel experience for me and interesting reading? Leave your ideas in the comments. Poll your friends; tell them to join the site and leave their own ideas in the comments. I’ll keep you posted!
I had been crying all day, and I wasn’t terribly hungry. My nuggets kept getting stuck in my throat; swallowing proved to be nearly impossible. But we got through the meal. We got in the car and on a whim I looked at my phone. I had just missed a call from my grandparents–they had left a voice mail.
But you are really the operating system that the metaphor objects are constructed and destructed in… inheritance, polymorphism, subclassing. It all happens there, while you are doing brain things inside your head, nonstop and over and over.
Today, Bankers without Borders (BwB) has joined with the Association for Enterprise Opportunity (AEO) to announce a new collaboration to support microfinance and microenterprise development organizations in the United States. This alliance will enable more than 400 organizations to benefit from the skills and experience of our more than 6,300 highly skilled active and retired business professionals in BwB’s global volunteer reserve corps.
I am obsessed with mercury glass (or even faux mercury glass for that matter)!! I have been looking everywhere, for items to start my own little silvery collection, but until yesterday, I had been having no luck!
It doesn't matter what you say in a book . . . or a blog post. Whatever stands out the strongest is what others will hear. I received some feedback about my last few posts and I'm learning that I'm not very good at conveying some funny daily happenings without sounding very negative and judgemental. I apologize. That was not my intent and I thought each time that I brought it full circle by talking about how I need to see them as God sees them and learn from them. But lesson learned.
It is “banded together.”
I ain't nobody’s son. Not any more. If I ever see that bastard, I’ll suck his lungs out through a straw and spit them right back in his face.
Step 3: After your tallest/center flowers are placed you cna begin begin adding re rest of the flowers. I prefer to cover all of the "edges" first, i.e. the area around the base of the arraignment. Make sure that there aren't any gaps and that you can't see the floral foam!
my needs, my longings,
I sometimes think it would be a good idea to write in silence. Like, it would be more pure or something. But with two small kids, the idea of actually achieving silence is pretty much impossible. It's either write to music or write to the sound of epic action figure battles in the next room. Which sometimes I do.
When a man is down, the Blues are his best friend. I had no idea what that meant as a thirteen year old. Muddy and Willie were both African-Americans, born in Mississippi at a time when the color of your skin determined what kind of life you would lead. Growing up in the 1920’s outside of Vicksburg and Clarksdale, they knew what it meant to be down. Almost everything, and as far as they could see was down. They didn’t have any rich relatives with good paying jobs; most of their kin scratched out a living working the soil all day long, they called it sharecropping. When things seemed like they just couldn’t get any harder, music became a way out of the madness for them. Muddy Waters and his good friend Willie Dixon passed away many years ago. They left behind a lot of great music, but more importantly, inside the songs they left us their hard earned truths.
There is one constant when it comes to the long-term enjoyment of Magic: The Gathering; and that is change.
A plaque was added to the bicycle rack memorial to Mike. It’s a sweet place to see, when it’s full with a variety of bikes.
So -- I had been reading some gallery and blog posts about using things that were on your desk. And yesterday (actually a few days ago when I "pre-posted" this) I cleaned off my desk and organized my stamp room better. But I had these two images still in the "Do Something With This" pile, so I decided to make a card with scraps and what I had not yet put away. And here it is:
And now I guess that's a lot to take in for such a small boy. I can see you sleeping, all wrapped up tight the way you like and breathing in your own little loud way, and I think maybe it's time to just tell you I love you, boy-child, and curl up with you for a little nap.
05. Old Time rock and Roll
Q073) If you were in an unrequited love, how would you overcome it?
Danny, Dakota & The Wishing Well
What a day! Did you figure it out yet? LOL! Well~ what those things have in common is just me! LOL!
The system is hidebound, expensive and elitist, they say. Peer review can take months, journal subscriptions can be prohibitively costly, and a handful of gatekeepers limit the flow of information. It is an ideal system for sharing knowledge, said the quantum physicist Michael Nielsen, only “if you’re stuck with 17th-century technology.” (…)
He left the door,
I’m dedicating today’s post to my boyfriend! Thank you for the past 1,077 days (SE ± 5 days, hehe :) Only a month away from the big 3! This one’s for you :)
Hopefully I will see you all again soon
When the church grounds keeper arrived, hours later, he discovered nine windows smashed — two of which are historic stained-glass windows. The damage is estimated at several thousand dollars.
My neurologist put me on Indomethacin. After 4 doses (a day and a half), I got a small rash all over the inside of my arms and stopped taking it. The day after I discontinued the Indomethacin, I felt terrific! The headache wasn't gone, but the mental fog and the depression that had followed after months of this same headache lifted. The headache was noticeably better and for the first time in months, I could actually THINK. I don't even think I'd realized just how much the headache had affected me other than the pain. Over the course of the next week though, without being able to take more Indomethacin, the headache returned. The neurologist suggested a couple other drugs, but both had side effects that I decided I wouldn't risk while home alone with my children. (Topamax and Imitrex) Since medication was the only thing the neurologist was interested in discussing, I was on my own. A friend of mine suggested trying the Indomethacin again (the one that gave me a rash, but helped the headache), but to lower the dose to see if I could get the benefits without the rash. It worked. I was able to start with a half dose and work myself up to a full dose and never got the rash again. And my headache, while it never went away, was at a MUCH more manageable level and I was able to function again.
To Him be glory and dominion unto ages of ages.
Kevin Dennis, 43, Peapack, N.J.
Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town ... ABC Family ... 2 PM
Then his eye welled a tear that held no regret,
In the US, children and childhood have a much more important and even enviable position. Hence, in American movies, as I noted in a post on “The Descendants,” adults must often turn to children to tell them what to do. In comedies, it’s usually clear from the start that the male and female protagonists are made for each other – clear to everyone except the protagonists themselves. The only question is how they will come to this realization and overcome the barriers to their getting together. In American movies like “The Parent Trap” and “Sleepless in Seattle” and probably others I cannot think of right now, the one who brings about this happy ending is a kid. “Friends With Kids” takes this theme to a new level – the kid is two years old and capable only of two-word utterances (“Daddy stay”). But it’s enough to prod Scott to deliver the speech we’ve been waiting for since the film began.
damp, sprinkle a little salt (kosher or regular) into random areas of the
N. B. The Lace to be of the same Pattern as was in Use previously to the Year 1787 ; but that to be worn by Flag Officers to be of greater Breadth than that of the Captains.
And I can’t forget the love story. It was rocking too :) None of this, “I’m hot…you’re hot…let’s make out.” No, this story was the best kind of slow burn love story—the kind that leaves you wanting more. I'm so glad Jolene wrote a sequel, because I need more :)
Please link your card or project (not your blog) in Mr Linky 8pm UK time Sunday 10th October.
It is no more.
“I was so mad that I went back inside to fetch something that I could throw at him. Strangely, the first thing I thought of was the refrigerator. So I unplugged it, pushed it to the balcony and tipped over the side. It fell the 25 stories and crushed the man. Unfortunately all this excitement was too much and I had a heart attack and died instantly!”
Who do you think has enviable hair?
The reception of anti-masonry in the eighteenth-century English press
Do you remember these books? Did your family have a favorite?
As with all fees and fines, this amounts to nothing more than revenue generation for a private corporation through its enforcement arm – the municipal corporation police. This action by these code enforcement officers will benefit no one except the corrupt municipal city that is sponsoring it, and making it legal…
I mean, I’m happy to go with my UPG as far as necessary, but being able to back it up is nice.
So more specifically, I’ll be working with the newly renamed EWB African Programs team called Public Sector Agriculture. Right now our main partner is the Ministry of Food and Agriculture (MoFA) which is an arm of the Ghanaian government. After having worked with MoFA for several years now, our team is re-analysing how we fit strategically into MoFA’s mandate, and how we can increase the value that MoFA is getting out of our relationship, and by extension the value that they are able to provide to farmers (because in the end, we want to help improve farmers’ livelihoods).
“put a good word for her,” furnishing him with up to date
Longform traditional blog posts. As you can see from my post on Posterous I am already highly engaged in the other social venues and I have never really wrote in a weblog. (I could be available for guest posts check with my agent.) According to Wikipedia longform is a type of improvisational theatre, and improv itself is “typically comedic, and sometimes poignant or dramatic.” I am envisioning something more along the lines of 500+ words. Nothing overly researched, nothing too Mamihlapinatapaistic. Paddling down the stream of conscious, but not too Joycean. I just needed to blog.
It's summer time once more and it calls for a carefree vibe! That includes being hair-free down there (just in case you intend to let that bikini see the sun this summer.) I have been holding off going to the waxing salon for many reasons. One, it might hurt like crazy. Two, it's really embarrassing to let someone else see my well, vajay. Oh, and three, I never really had the guts to wear a bikini before. I was never really new to waxing (I wax my underarms all the time) but this one's different, of course.
Women are all about beauty, the daintiness and softness of skin exhibit true beauty & this loss of skin’s softness is indeed an alarming signal for taking some action. I have a great solution which is not at all time consuming yet most effective. Lux Body Wash has arrived and it is women’s beauty friend. It is true liquid luxury experience for us. It softens skin and makes it gentle soft and silky. It adds grace to feminine beauty. It is indeed a perfect escape from dullness of skin and life.
"From the Christian standpoint, marriage is a relationship of love in which a man and a woman model for each other the self-sacrificial nature of Christ's love for His church."
Gladys – I could listen to her talk about the ‘Pip’ days for hours. She did NOT use a sob story, instead she interpreted the theme the way I wouldve interpreted it… a memorable year in your life. She used the year she broke into the industry at the Appollo theatre. Her dance was elegant and and heart warming. She used a good ole Sam Cook song and danced to it beautifully. No tricks.
It says a lot about the current state of Democratic Party desperation when James Carville, Clinton’s famed campaign chief, in a recent CNN commentary wrote “You think that Democrats around the country are going to win—as I hear time and time again from people on the street. I ask: What are you smoking? What are you drinking? What are you snorting or just what in hell are you thinking?”
Fade Skinny: This article describes a telehealth project in Swansea where patients with heart failure and COPD were provided with telehealth monitoring equipment. Potential economic benefits and patient empowerment are highlighted as positive outcomes from the project.
Get down tonight?
15 - Donny Young & Roger Miller - On This Mountain Top - 2:09
Protesters have said they will march to the barricades and demand access but vowed to remain peaceful.
Imagine being with a lover, and your iTunes is on shuffle, you’re swaying intimately together, building up the rhythm and the music shifts from the ever-cool John Coltrane to Minerva by Deftones.
On Shelves Soon
The problem with this movie is twofold. Fold one is: everyone seems to have radically different ideas about the type of film they're making, and for this reason, we have to endure a wild ride of mismatched tones. Is it an Infernal Affairs-type cop tragedy? Or is it a Saturday morning action cartoon? Jackie seems to think the former, while the actors playing the villains, the girlfriend and the buddy, think the latter. As does the director, really, what with his whiplash-inducing swoosh cuts and so on. It's hard to get a grip on this, hard to build up an emotional investment - since the emotional core of the movie, Jackie's grief over all his buddies, doesn't really work. The villains are just too ridiculous.
For the rest of you, I'm sorry to say that I don't believe in participation awards. I enjoyed all of them (some more than others, but I'm not blabbing), but not everyone can be a winner. I can, however, leave you with this:
I believe that Western women do struggle with expressing what it really is we love and want in men and will typically go for the obvious “feel good, sound good” bites like “I want a sensitive guy” “I want a nice guy” “I want a romantic guy” but still doesn’t know how to mention the other qualities that would balance that kind of guy out and make her rawly attracted to him. I don’t really blame men for not knowing either, but I do wish more men would learn to read nonverbal cues from women b/c it would save them a lot of heartache and unwanted romantic gestures. (next post will discuss women and our forms of indirect communication and non verbal cues that men tend to ignore – stay tuned)
There would not be another Oscar telecast at the International, or anything else for that matter. The very next year, NBC moved out, and the theater was unceremoniously torn down, replaced with one of Robert Moses' pet projects, the ill-fated Coliseum convention center.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves--I still go approximately 300 miles a minute, but, when I do sit still, I really am me. And sometimes, my heart aches for that bench and that drizzly October day. For London. The city that taught me so much. The city I love most of all.
We are already seeing ethnic “enclaves” emerging in different parts of Singapore such as the Chinese in Geylang, Indians in Punggol and Filipinos in Tampines.
So here's where I'd love your opinions; why do you like beads? I'll start off with a few of my own:
9. Bobby Lee Trammell - Martha Jane
In the X-rated context, BT is like a pornographic movie, because it is performed not for the pleasure itself but for viewing pleasure. Often, I suspect, performers have to fake it for the sake of looking good on the stage or on screen. Many things float different people's boats, so some women may prefer an uncomfortable embrace with little connection just to supposedly look graceful and elegant on stage, or may enjoy selling their dignity by appearing in pornographic films. On the other hand, AT is like the passion between a couple who truly love each other, and can give their partner great pleasure, whether on the dance floor or the bedroom, regardless of whether there's people watching or not (if sex in public is your thing, of course). There are AT performers, of course, but it's mostly for didactic purposes.
Meanwhile, I have to go into a corner and suck my thumb for hours on end. To, uh, fight off the Illuminatimasons.
I always did well in school. I felt like it was my only positive characteristic. People tell me I’m smart, but I think my decent memory fools people. That, and I’m very analytical. Too a fault.
05 - One Man's Pleasure 04:01
Today I ran a brisk 8 miles with Dan and Jeremy. We kept a pretty nice pace, running between 7:47 and 8:15 pretty much the entire way. It was a great way to start the day. The plan is to get out tomorrow and then a longer run of 12 miles or so this weekend.
There will be regular updates on this site so please check back so you can follow it's development. We're hoping that this will be the start of many good things for Dalek Storm.
Not like us... which means... What? What does it mean?
Bateaux mouches
Reception (at St Luke's) Pre-K.
I’ll forever be grateful
Boots: Steve Madden
Makes about 15 mini pies, with plenty of leftover caramel for ice cream!
You’re the prettiest
Beyond the catgirl silliness, there could well be some interesting mysteries lurking in the shadows waiting to be unveiled in later episodes, and the character designs, while nothing exceptional, are clean and attractive. There are some elements I find irritating, but also enough intriguing bits I can stand a few more episodes to see how things unfold. Rating: 2.5
And how the fuck are their bags of methamphetamine in a DEA holding cell anyway? DEA is incapable of administering themselves! Why do they even have their own holding cells?
Hey guys! I'm really sorry but this post is going to have to be raw, because there is something wrong with my computer. Whenever I try to run large programs or even sync my iphone, my computer just dies!*** It happens without warning too. I thought it was my battery so I figured I'd wait until a new one shipped but it came in today and its still doing it soooo AHHH. Just try to ignore/forgive any spelling errors or long winded nonsensical rants.
The way I am doing it is not working for me, I need to take it steps by steps.
With 300 blogs I follow, sometimes I forgets ^^"
I'm unemployed, and I struggle with it. I like to be honest with you, my readers, and that is the honest truth. It is why I have not been crafting or decorating and it is why I have trouble getting out of bed in the morning. I keep sending out resumes and I keep getting silence in return. It is very disheartening.
Ok, I’m a retired high school teacher and taught Computer-aided Graphic Design. I just had to “play” with Lightroom since I went to the seminar last Thursday in Los Angeles. I LOVE the clarify slider in Lightroom. Had to combine what I learned in Lightroom and then use my old friend Photoshop to layout.
1)You’re trapped on a desert island and you can bring only 3 of your favorite foods along. What do you bring?
We had 2 academic visits that day. First it was to the National Center for Spinal Disorders, a private center in Hungary. It’s supposed to be world-renown center. The founder is one of the few people in the world who can perform a specific type of spinal surgery! Crazy cool! We were able to meet Dr. Jakab Gabor, MD, whose father was also a spinal surgeon. We also had two small tours of their psychology and physiotherapy department. Apparently here, patients give tips afterwards for their satisfaction? As I’m writing this, that’s what I originally thought, but then my classmates seem to believe it’s tipping in the sense to cut lines and etc, which would make sense. I’m kinda confused now, but tipping is involved, which I thought was interesting. There is a large contrast between the physiotherapy among publicly and privately insured patients.
probably the central square should not be very far removed from the station, and may be connected with it by broad and important thoroughfares or Fold Map avenues.
This sort of a-canonical approach also explains why Enns sees such a strange relationship between Genesis and the apostle Paul as a reader of Genesis. “Paul’s reading of Genesis,” he comments, “is driven by factors external to Genesis. Paul’s use of the Old Testament, here or elsewhere, does not determine how that passage functions in its original setting” (87, emphasis added). Well, that might be true; and Enns is exactly right to offer a corrective to irresponsibile habits of Bible reading that are little more than baptized eisegesis, reading into the Scriptures what we want to find there. But is the “original meaning” the determinative factor for the meaning of Genesis for us? We receive a canon of Scripture that recontextualizes each book—situating every book in relation to the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus, which is why the “location” from which we read the Bible needs to be the practices of Christian worship. Worship is the primary “home” of the Bible and it is in worship that we cultivate those habits and virtues we need to read Scripture holistically.[8] That will certainly generate meanings of Old Testament books that could never have been intended by their human authors; but that doesn’t mean they were not intended as meanings to be unfolded “in front of the text” by the divine Author.
I’ve been using this for a couple of weeks now, and I love the ease of application as it’s much faster than applying BB/LF and loose powder. I pretty much just buff on a layer of this over my base/primer of the day, and i’m done for base makeup! The oil control is average, but that can be controlled with a oil-control primer. What I love most if probably the texture of the powder, which is very very smooth! Application is a breeze, and the finish is pretty darn good too! This baby has since convinced me to use it daily, and though I haven’t completely forsaken my BBs, I’m now pretty much a convert to compact foundation too! =)
Take heart believer in Jesus Christ you are not a saved sinner your are a sanctified saint when we join our souls desires to our perfected spirit then it’s 2 out of three as we do this our bodies must follow along. We do this by renewing our minds daily even minute by minute with the word of God that is alive and prayer and fellowship with other like minded believers. We are spirit walking flesh denying believers that truly believe every time the enemy lies to us and puts us on trial that there is truly NO CONDEMNATION to us who are in Christ Jesus!
Alice King isn’t expecting the holiday of a lifetime when she sets off with her classmates on a trip to the Scottish wilderness, but she’s not exactly prepared for an experience beyond her darkest nightmares…
Doesn’t matter if you call it scrap, anything with personal protected health information (sonograms, log sheets with patient names and gestation age, photo copies of driver license used to identify a patient during their visit to the clinic, KBI evidence boxes with patient names) is protected health information under HIPAA.
Finally, Smiley and I decided the other day that it was time to say goodbye. Goodbye to the crib that held all three of my babies. Goodbye to the security of 4 sides. And goodbye to being a baby.
07 Ramrod (4:11)
Is this a hard one for you, it could have been for me as that is the only shape I seem to use these days.....but my mind started working and I came up with the ideal answer to two upcoming events....
I regret punishing myself because I was being bullied by people who made me feel as if their insecurities made me deserve to be treated in that way.
In college I kept listening, mostly because every time I opened my mouth I was slapped down and criticized as that-intolerant-conservative-Christian. I began to understand how I had wounded others with my Bible-verse sword, how I had cut out their tongues with it and counted myself righteous for doing so. I had wounded others growing up as I was now being wounded by my professors and fellow students. I listened, and I learned how it felt to be uninvited to the conversation.
At the time, the 19 year-old was not living in Derry and was a member of the Irish army. In fact the Brandywell man was a trained marksman.
Then, in true Sam style, I started to get motion sick and passed out on the bus again.
You may or may not have seen this, but Dennis Kucinich was destroyed in a primary Tuesday in Ohio. Don't worry, this is not a political column -- it's actually about the designated hitter. But it begins with Kucinich, who was the mayor of Cleveland when I was growing up there. Kucinich is universally seen as a character -- as in "a person marked by notable or conspicuous traits." Love him, despise him, anyplace in between (as if there is anyplace in between for Kucinich) you would probably admit that he's one of a kind. Now, he's out. And The Washington Post sees a trend.
zest from 1 lime
An yup, this is me still carless from my telephone pole incident… My brother is working pretty hard on getting me a new vehicle. I’m afraid I may be a bit picky… Besides there is still the issue of money. So I am enjoying the hospitality of my friends and family when it comes to getting and going places. fortunately everyone has been very generous! To which I am extremely grateful!
And if he killed me,
...and woke up at 5:30. And couldn't get back to sleep. What the hell! Sigh. So I got up, got dressed, did a little set-up work on the computer...and headed across the river to The Strip for breakfast and some shopping. If you've been reading this blog for a year or more, you know I love to go to Pamela's P&G on 21st for breakfast...but they weren't open this early.
That’d be my last job as a cocktail… Sometimes the tip just can’t be big enough…
For once, I'm not joking.
“A certain creditor had two debtors; one owed him five hundred silver coins, and the other fifty. When they could not pay, he canceled the debts of both. Now which of them will love him more?”
“You found it?” she asked.
Furthermore, there is not a single member of the ANC Regime that does not hate whites. They all hate whites with a passion, but they have always been masters of deceit. While the ANC Regime may not openly deploy the military against the whites, they would throw a blind-eye if the military deliberately turned on the whites. The Regime would not stop the SADF if they started killing whites by their thousands. Afterwards they would just say "Haw we're so sorry". They would, as always, keep the world occupied with some other nonsense while the SADF and rebel vigilante groups go on the rampage against whites.
BUT i have been very busy listing lots of crochet goodies on my ebay site, along with featuring some on my facebook site...
Because I didn’t want to freak out every time someone put a glass on the island, I also protected it with two coats of tung oil:
One day, while walking up some stairs, I could almost hear it saying “Goodbye, cruel world!” as it leapt from my hand down a couple of stairs, where it proceeded to fling it’s innards all over the place. The sim card, the phone’s back cover and the battery were all approximately about sixty feet from each other. Once I had procured the individual pieces and had managed to put the whole thing back together again and resurrect the beast, I was happy. Phone was working okay, and major mishap averted.
Anyway, Ninjask’s claim to fame is its Speed. It’s the 2nd fastest Pokemon, after Speed Form Deoxys, with 160 base Speed. As if that wasn’t fast enough, its ability is Speed Boost, which raises its Speed by one stage after every turn, which means it can outspeed pretty much anything. Though it’s typing of Bug/Flying is not all that great, having 5 weaknesses, including a double weakness to Rock. Even though it’s part Flying, it doesn’t learn any Flying moves by level-up.
I view myself as someone who doesn't have her act together at all. I view myself as someone who has fallen short over and over....in my relationships....in my career....in my faith....in my life.
Released from class: 12:45
Friday 29 December 2006
If the debate is whether Obama is doing enough to drive down gas prices, that's a debate the Democrats don't want to have. And while progressives might cheer were the President to tell the American public to eat their vegetables, that's probably not wise politics. But if the debate could be shifted from concerns over the price of gas to a broader conversation over energy, it would be to progressive's advantage--even if the actual policy proposals go nowhere.
7. Tricep Dips – 20
how much they need, and we’ve made some decisions for the clients that they’re
And what about fundraising itself? Are we going to urge more and more high net worth individuals who donate to charity to make up the gap in government funding? Or will the coalition continue to signal that philanthropy is really just a fancy name for tax dodging?
1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened (not margarine)
No player movement and just stick with the system.
My father always needed to know how something worked. Like those engines, he started by taking it apart. I guess you’d call it “reverse engineering.” I used to joke that he missed his calling from NASA. For some people, magic works through their hands, like a musician or surgeon. My dad offered his help to anyone in need of a repair, or a project too big for themselves. He made the time, too, even after working a long, long day, or on a weekend when he could’ve been relaxing. He installed new siding on a neighbor’s house once. That’s right – siding on a complete house. My father owned a garbage business, not a siding company. He rented the necessary equipment, & off he went. You would never have known a professional didn’t do it. When I questioned how he achieved such a thing, my father answered, “I just watched a company doing it on a house down the street & figured it out.”
I could certainly cling to my old ways, which would be so easy to do as we've chosen to live in an enclave where the familiar trappings and staples of our American lifestyle are readily accessible. But that would be illusory and unfair - to me, who has expounded at length about connecting with my heritage; to Mr. Noodle, who left behind his own family and all things familiar to pursue new opportunities on foreign shores for our benefit and happiness; and to this beautiful, colorful, vibrant country and culture that we are happy to now call home.
Let’s see. Thanks to Obama, taxes on businesses are going to skyrocket – especially the small businesses, who file primarily as individuals and therefore fall prey to Obama’s shocking increases on those earning more than $250,000 a year. Businesses are being forced to take into account that they won’t have nearly as much money under Obama, and must therefore plan accordingly.
We will be hosting a contest in my blog and they will be sponsoring some great prizes as part of their Christmas Countdown Giveaways! I will tell you more about it soon. So stay tuned!^_^
Find an apartment to move into.... check.
In comparison, some of us are really on the fridges of society, fueling this belief of mine. One spoke about a successful murder, another of a failed robbery. Another would have slit his neck if we hadn’t used the labyrinth to talk him out of it. A couple of my more machismo reflections walk about boasting of conquered girls, some of names familiar to me. They tease me after break-ups and pick apart my dates. Some claims they can pinpoint exactly where I went wrong, if we compared our situations. ‘You should’ve blah right then’, ‘You should blah more often’, ‘If you blah, then of course they’ll blah!’ they tell me. I do try to listen when they give me advice, but only the best-dressed, the authoritative. Some are worse off than I am, out of work or mentally unstable, escapist or alcoholic; these I try to help.
In the meantime there is growing friction between the various local African tribes, particularly between the Zulus and Xhosa's and the friction between local Africans and foreign Africans is reaching breaking point. Xenophobia will be redefined and reach new levels of intensity never seen before.
Also met another couple that have been here 5 minutes.
So, while I don't agree with "write what you know", I most certainly think you should "write what you love". And I love Middle Grade Fiction!
The Spring Into Shape Challenge has a different set of challenges each week. Week one requires you to do one 10 minutes toning video as presribed each day followed by 5x 30 minute cardio each week.
I will post again on these items on our new Metis Blog. There is lots more to say. But mostly, I can't wait to hear if Brooke likes the goodies and her basket. And speaking of gracious, thank you Karena, for hosting the giveaway and facilitating so many wonderful introductions in the process!
Wearing a brand new mama-made dress.
March Bonuses are tabulated. Bonuses are a cultural thing as well. I look down the list and see 6 from one agency and thousands of dollars and then one or two small ones from another. It’s easy to see your culture from the bonus chart. Three of the top 5 in all of AIL are Altig agents. Alan Sedaghat. $8,158. He’s at #2 in ALP in the whole company with $156,664 of ALP for first quarter so far. That’s on pace for $600,000 this year. Katie Massart got $5,826. Ryan Bisanz. $4,743. He was at the SWAT meeting. Great, great guy. Over a million and a half given away last month if you add it all up.
Today marks a milestone in The Scrappy Housewife blog's history...I get to participate in an awesome blogger meet up this afternoon with Jane @ The Borrowed Abode and some other bloggy friends. So exciting! Don't worry, I'm taking a camera and will post all about it next week. I just know you're dying to see what happens when a bunch of bloggin' ladies get together. ;)
Changed the diapers. (ready to have children one day)
Of course, Amazon has got nothing to fear, but that’s not the point. Harvard Book Store defended their market and they did it by leveling the playing field with a giant. You shop there because it’s the most effective and satisfying experience.
smoothed out as well as she could.
Supplies Used: Making Memories PP, Bazzill CS, Basic Grey Doilies, American Crafts Thickers, Making Memories and Prima Flowers, Prima Bling Swirls, Heidi Swapp Bling - butterfly body, Kaisercraft Pearls - Flower centers, Autumn Leaves Stamp - butterfly, Technique Tuesday Stamp - dots, Cuttlebug Embossing folder - Swiss Dots, Brilliance Ink Graphite Black, Sky Blue and Orchid.
I’ve been trying to learn how to water ski with only one ski, but out of all the water sports I do, it’s my least favorite. This is most likely due to the traumatic way my family tried to teach me two years ago.
And today, down the hallway-- holding on to the wall.
Income inequality is a natural result of a free market where people of various skills participate and bring products of various values into it. The services of a doctor or plumber are more valuable than those of a janitor, so doctors and plumbers enjoy greater remuneration than janitors.
Do you like it? I think it's just what the room needed. It's actually what I've desperately needed since the day we moved in. This is the only full length mirror we own... so I've never left the house knowing what the bottom third of myself looked like. Crazy, right?
Yes. I do still have a job. And with the hubster STILL not employed by a company (though doing odd jobs) I am grateful that I still have some sort of set income to depend upon.
Project Linus has had a very special place in my heart for a few years now. When my mother was discharged from the trauma center into the rehab center after she was hit by a car, she had to travel by ambulance. The problem was that she had only her thin hospital nightgown to travel in and it was the middle of winter in New York! Her problem was solved when a wonderful therapist went down to the Services' office and came back with a beautiful, warm, crocheted afghan that was tagged Project Linus! I could not believe that someone had lovingly made something so precious for a stranger! It was a beautiful thing (see photo above) and definitely served it's purpose in keeping my mother warm AND still does! Thank you to all crocheters and knitters who lovingly donate their time, yarn and talent to such worthy craft causes!
I'm sure by the end of this week I'll never want to see another lemon cake again.
Is it Protestant-friendly? Absolutely. It’s a catholic book, but the contents are suitable for any christian. I can’t promise there isn’t a single unique-to-catholics sentence anywhere in there, but none come to mind. Might make a nice discussion tool for that awkward silence when you aren’t sure what you have in common with your catholic (protestant) friend. The answer is: All this. Lots of room at that lunch table.
The issue was not discussed at a Pact meeting held in the community last night.
Helen (using MIC image)
wanted to start up on the new Wii Zumba Workout we got on Friday.
As soon as I said gossip, some of you had a picture of a person who gossips all the time pop into your head, wonder if anyone pictured you? Gossip has been an issue in the church for as long as it has been around but that does not make it right at all. We do a number of things to try to cover our tracks when it comes to gossip: we use the “prayer request” cover, we use the “I am only sharing this with you because I care” cover, or we use the “I am not gossiping because I am pretty sure it is true” cover. The Bible has some hard words for those who like to gossip. We should not associate ourselves with gossip or gossipers.
The high street, as we nostalgically think of it, is gone. It’s dead. But for me there’s still hope and optimism. It’s about finding the poetic or magical qualities within the everyday.
The burden of burning, which crucifies your mind
my blog. But I said it & it's out there now.
9. Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers- “Chip, Chip, Chip, Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers”
(bet none of you have ever thought of those things...)
surface.
Mike -
Also, last year on Christmas Eve, Shelby moved into her high chair and started eating solid food. This year, she moved out of her high chair and is now in a booster seat at the table. We all love it SO much more!
Choosing your carpets color is an important decision. Learn some useful tips to consider.
Me: I am sorry your highness, that I did not have another selection ready for your table today. Perhaps you should send me the way of Anne Boleyn and a couple other of your wives.
When my business failed, you were there.
and NOW LET'S STOP!
The story profiles a married gay father of one. But it's not this fellow's sexual orientation that impedes his best efforts at parenting. It's the plain fact that he's a man.
“Insurers, the government and groups like the National Flood Forum all want to see a sustainable, affordable long term market for flood insurance in the UK.
Regretting each word and every fight and much more.
WitchPitch? grabbed the audience’s attention with a humorous introduction based on themes from the Wizard of Oz, and Highlands Voices performed a dazzling homage to Gloria Estefan with choreography that would surely dazzle even the Latina legend herself. Mezzo Devotion closed their set with an electric finale that literally burst off of the stage, eliciting screams of excitement from the audience.
Normally Rowan found that quiet contemplation during long walks, calmed her thoughts. The birdsong, the distant squeals from delighted children and soothing hum of the traffic, all gave her other things to focus on. But uncharacteristically, she was feeling ill at ease and shy walking alongside James.
They knew that Paul did not persuade Gentile believers to go to Jerusalem to worship. They knew that he taught Gentiles that they were not under the Law of Moses. They knew that Gentiles were being converted without the Jews being involved. They knew he was teaching Jesus Christ as the only Saviour. All of this provoked them to anger and envy. They were religious but definitely false in their beliefs, for they rejected Paul’s testimony of Christ.
- Cool on rack.
"Now you have to make the best out of it (but) I am convinced that deep down Mr Blatter has realised that giving the World Cup to South Africa was one of the biggest wrong decisions he ever made."
2) The birds fly into their mouths.
He added: “But they did take my wallet as well, so there could be a bit of robbery as well.”
Let’s get some nominations going for this potential future free-to-play Squadcast. Throw out a few titles you’d be interested in us investigating and whatever proves to be popular will be what we check out.
...and finally some Guild business:
Their father pulled them into him. "Listen, I can explain this. But let's just go to Fletching, now that Will's strong enough. You'll see your mother. It'll make sense, I promise."
Norway’s Purchasing Manager’s Index data for April came in at 53.7 on a seasonally adjusted basis vs previous data of 59.3 in March. The data came in below expectations of 57, caused by declining output and lower demand from Europe.
Sentiment: Penny Black "Happy Easter";
Gael Greene is not a chef and she has no formal culinary training, so I've relied on a recipe that she has made, published and attributed to her ex-sister-in-law. It is straightforward and easy to make. At one time, Greene made this loaf cake as a gift for friends at Christmas time, so you know she thinks highly of it. I'm posting the recipe as it appears on her website, but I have a couple of suggestions to make if you decide to bake the cake. First, alternate the addition of flour and yogurt rather than dumping them in all at once. Second, allow the cake to cool for about 10 minutes before you begin to pour the orange sauce over it. I did this in stages because the instructions did not call for poking the surface of the cake to expedite the process. I kept the cake in the pan until the sauce appeared to be absorbed and then I inverted it onto a rack with a drip pan under it. I suggest you remove the cake as soon as you can to prevent sticking. The cake will seem sticky at first but the tackiness disappears as the cake sits. This is a moist cake that has a very slight crunch due to the orange sugar coating. It is a nice cake that I think you will enjoy. Here's the recipe as it is featured on her blog.
He actually waited outside the next day for me to move my car and then he went and got in his van and moved to the space. So recently ive been tryin to park in his space, and when i do get in it, i casually walk out to my car a few times get in it.......then get bk out again!!! IN YOUR FACE JIMMY!!!!
"So," he says turning back to me, "things are good for the Kalas. Each circuit took a couple of years to sail from Scales to Japan and back, but it was so profitable. Shame eventually Japan would close itself off to trade. The Kalas might have become billionaires decades earlier. Before that happened though there was a change in the Kalas themselves. Count Kala passed on and Maria went into seclusion. Their eldest son, Marko Kala took over and decided to change the policy. He sent their ships south to Spanish territory. He had Jesuits on each ship and instructed them to say that they were a distant mission if questioned."
But here in this moment, like the eye of a storm
Social Media – Replacing ROI is the 41st in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Operating Manual for Enterprises (itself part of a series for different audiences). At this rate it’ll be a long time before we get through all 430 pages, but luckily, if you’re impatient, the book is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson and you can save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
Your absolutely correct and noble desire to form a local militia to protect yourself against unconstitutional behavior is itself unconstitutional. Embrace that fact. The first step to recovery is to admit that you have a problem, and we, my friends, have a big problem right there in black and white.
Is it bad that I say out of boredom? Cuz that’s totally what happened. I’m a bit of a dork and I’d act out scenes and create characters in my head while I did the daily stuff. Folding laundry, doing dishes, doing my hair, you know… crap like that which is totally boring if something isn’t going through my head. One day I just sat at the computer and starting putting it all on ‘paper’. Before I knew it, I had written a book. (a
Then take a paint brush and lightly coat on a layer of diamond glaze to seal your pendant. Again let the diamond glaze totally dry before placing the pendant onto a necklace.
I haven't had much time to blog since the turn of the year due to the ever increasing level of demand were experiencing, brewing/racking/bottling most week days & now most weekends it seems.
And then…it happened! The Book Club I’d set my heart on, the crème de la crème, the one that several of my friends belonged to, had a place for me. I joined Book Club. And instantly became as exclusive about it as everyone else.
Pat Couchois - guitar
But water and electricity aren't as much of a concern to me as the chemicals used in dishwashers are. Not only are they very expensive, they're highly toxic and corrosive. Before I gave up my dishwasher, I tried a couple of homemade versions of dishwasher detergent but was never happy with the result. I realised I could not continue using them and still say I cared for the environment. And please, I am not accusing anyone of anything here, I'm just relaying my feelings. The last day I used those chemicals in my home was a happy one. When we sold our machine, we gave the lady all our dishwasher detergent too. I was really glad to see it go.
Artwork submitted by mail must be addressed to:
I have never gone wrong with this line. Under the right conditions it can do wonders. The right conditions being a place that is brimming with alcohol or any other intoxicating substance. i.e Bars, house parties, weddings.
881 FC wickets at 18.53 with 48 five-wicket hauls
(18) One of the material sources of history in those days was annals: simple bookkeeping records, systematically compiled, of what happened when—since after the invention of writing it had become possible to support fallible human memory with something more permanent.
MacRobert, Iain, The New Black-led Churches in Britain in Badham, P (eds) Religion, State and Society in Modern Britain, Lampeter, Wales, Edwin Mellen Press, 1989.
I'm hoping the lack of movement means I will get to sleep through out the WHOLE night
oh oh..."
4 Do you binge and then "get rid of the binge" through vomiting, exercise, laxatives, or other forms of purging?
Follow Mac at @Macmiller
“Which Mustache shall I wear Tonite” black and white single channel work by Raul Marroquin Amsterdam 1976. Length: 8:27 min recorded in black and white – reel to reel videotape in front of a selected audience.
Not that modernity offers anything better. Huw is the only member of his family to go to school, which Mr. Morgan at least sees as a path out of the family's poverty and lack of options. Mr. Morgan has already seen all of his other sons — except for Ivor, who dies in the mines — leave home for greater opportunities far away, and he recognizes that this is the inevitable fate of his family and his village, broken up by changes to which they are ill-suited to adapt. He hopes that Huw will be different, but at the regional school Huw encounters only prejudice and disdain, from his snooty teacher and his fellow students alike. He's beaten and abused, mocked for his old-fashioned ways and his relative poverty, while at home his mother has no patience for the abstract ideas and theoretical problems involved in education, seeing no practical applications for the things her son is learning. Perhaps influenced by his mother's pragmatism, as well as his boyish love for Bronwyn, when Huw finishes his education, he decides that all he wants is to work in the mines like the rest of his family rather than put his new knowledge of Latin and mathematics to use.
And I can hear the chimes
Hope you can join me on Tuesday, June 28 from 6:30pm-8pm at Scrapbook Buddies in Temple City. Please sign up at least 24 hours in advance either by going into the store or over the phone with a credit card by calling (626) 286-2846. The cost is $12 and includes all of the paper and ribbon you will need to complete the banner. As usual you will need a basic class kit, specifically scissors, adhesive, glue dots, and distressing ink. All of this can be purchased at the store before class if needed.
I find myself wondering whether the two intersect again somewhere in the future or whether they go in opposite directions.
In my opinion THE BEST shortbread in the world. Far better than anything I can make, I have asked/pleaded/begged Joe to get me the recipe. So whenever we go the to the Burswood I have to make a little detour to get me a couple of these.
Approaching the memorial, you start to sense the significance and iconic power of it's structure.
It is getting warm. I have to go to the bathroom from the coffee. I'll hold it. I don't dare give up MY spot in line. I feel comforted knowing that there are more people BEHIND me now then in front. Progress!
Saigon Hotel. Decades later. He weeps. –Robert Olen Butler
And my weighing lady gave my leek a necklace! Look at that cute sticker. So I pointed at the leek and said, "Bijoux." Hah. And she laughed! Can you believe it? She laughed!!! I felt SO proud because I pointed and said "jewelry." And I promise you she was not laughing at me. But at my joke.
I feel like all of my recipes should come with a disclaimer: This is just how I made it. Feel free to make it however you want. I'm definitely the type of cook who regards a recipe as a sort of loose guideline/framework rather than a blueprint that must be followed exactly. This is mostly because I'm lazy; if I have all the ingredients except one for a particular recipe, I refuse to go all the way out to the store (a whole .6 miles from my house)(see? LAZY) for that one thing. I would rather scrounge through my fridge/pantry to see what I already have and then make a substitution. Usually this works out okay, like substituting green onion tops for chives in an egg dish. Occasionally it doesn't, like the time my dad tried to make creamed cucumbers with powdered non-dairy coffee creamer. But, you know. That's how you learn.
John and Eric Jackson – two professional snowboarders and brothers embark on the adventure of a lifetime by driving 15,000 miles from Alaska down to the southern tip of Chile on a journey to ride mountains on the top and bottom of the Americas and discover what’s in between.
This stuff, along with coal, and natural gas, has helped us kick every enemies ass, create the best medical facilities on the planet, the best food-producing industry ever, and it put friggin’ dudes on the moon. I sure did not see a solar panel, or wind mill, during any of the Lunar landings.
Notes, corrections, clarifications, sources, and additional information will be posted on Tuesday. Because the set-up was so complex this time around -- we bounced around quite a bit between the years 1800 and 1850 -- I'll also have a timeline that can accompany that show.
However, if we are bad follows...We won't go where He sends us, if He does the triple step and we are doing the basic rock step...It doesn't equal up. We won't match...but Chris doesn't get mad and upset with us for NOT following Him exactly, He matches us step by step until we again are in the same path and alignment as us. Then He leads and guides us back to where He wants us to be.
This weekend half of the grade 12 students packed their bags and headed over to Poondi, Kodai’s camping ground. The weekend was chock full of frisbee, volleyball, archery, rafting, hiking and of course campfires! The food was great, a few chef’s from the school came down with us and cooked our meals over an open fire.
* Young Christians
Let’s do those greater things that Jesus said we would do, starting in our marriages.
May 1 2012, 4:55 PM ET 6
Well, the Royal Wedding is almost upon us. Many of us wish we could be on the guest list to have one of the treasured seats in the congregation, but unfortunately, we don’t have the right kind of name – one containing a royal title.
The photo you see above has my daughter in the center just as she starts her first ride of the day. You can’t hear her squeals in this snapshot, but they are there. The dot at the right is my lovely wife at the end of her initial run. The perspective, I believe, gives you a sense of the distance my daughter has ahead of her. The man on the left was our driver who, yes, drives a dune buggy barefoot.
5 milburn
Although some of the movie is fabrication, that is not necessarily the point. Flaherty staged a lot for Nanook of the North (1922) to show the world what the life of an Eskimo might look like, not necessarily an Eskimo named “Nanook” specifically. Cavara, Jacopetti, and Prosperi just want to have fun at your expense and present the world as one weird, funny place. More than present true realities, it wants you to reconsider your own lifestyle before judging others and it attempts to put these seemingly shocking incongruities in perspective. I may not appreciate the entire shockumentary mentality, but I did enjoy Mondo Cane.
Walls of barriers cannot seize my desire
“Don’t ask.” Swain didn’t want to talk about it.
Okay. I have no idea how to describe this polish, but I'm going to try! Indigo Illusion is another of Nubar's stunning duochromes. I would say that the base color is a pale, murky teal. I was expecting to be slightly more blue, but it has a distinct green tinge on my skintone. It has a shimmer that is sort of a lilac color.
Slowly, the lecture hall cleared out. DJ felt the excitement in the air. It was a familiar feeling. A dozen or so officers and family members continued to move around the room. Needing to walk off the sudden feeling of inactivity and restlessness, DJ went in search of a vending machine or maybe the caffeteria where he could buy a soda. Food, he considered, was optinal. He hadn’t made it very far before he heard his name and was almost instantly wrapped in his mother’s hug.
For me the Waldkindergarten was an exciting opportunity to compare what happens in Germany with what happens in the UK. On Friday morning we travel to a park on the northern outskirts of Berlin, There is a gathering of parents in the corner of the park; some with smaller babies, some on bikes but all have a child aged between 18months to 6 years old. Some drop the kids with another parent, some wait as the group gathers.. We are at the daily gathering point for Robin Hood WakiGa or waldkindergarten which began in 2005 as the only English German speaking waldkindergarten in Berlin. The children all meet here but whilst the smaller ones stay in the park the older ones get on the bus to go deeper in the woods, fields and forests.
and yet...the sad evidence to the contrary:
Furthermore, the results of this relentless mindset are indisputable. Presently, Stylez is nominated for five Aboriginal People’s Choice Music Awards (having won in 2009 for Best Music Video with the track “Sugar Cane”), while he is also on the list of potential winners for Best Male Artist at the Canadian Aboriginal Music Awards held in Hamilton this November. The list of accomplishments and accolades is endless yet entirely deserved.
As for the strawberries, I know that the thought of balsamic vinegar mixed with ripe berries might give some of you pause. I assure you, this is truly a magnificent combination. It’s as though the tangy balsamic vinegar echoes the tart sweetness of the strawberries in a lower octave, adding depth of flavor. The Italians have long been onto this flavor combination, knowing that drizzling fresh summer berries with a few drops of syrupy aged balsamic creates a dessert that is infinitely greater than the sum of its parts. If you are lucky enough to have some high-quality aged balsamic vinegar in your kitchen, this is absolutely the time to bring it out and show it off.
Incendiary by Chris Cleave (Random House Canada)
Now onto the precious blackboard fabric! Yeah!! I got a marker, I actually used a purple gel pen because it showed up easily on the back of the fabric and it was already on my sewing table ;) I traced around 3 circle shaped objects that were in the room. They were a small plate, a DVD Disk holder and a cup. You could do any shape you like.I cut the circles out and took them to my project.
AMPLIFIED is fired-up and passionate, and is sure to catch interest of musically inclined readers. Kelly's sophomore release plays a familiar tune to her debut, but is a much lighter read - you might even chuckle a couple times. Jasmine is a great heroine whose endurance and strength of will persist time and time again.
(Also, she rolls over way more than he does.)
my son and dil are moving into their very own house on Monday, i think this is so exciting, especially since the next event in the cycle of life is to start a family, i am soooooo in a hurry to become a bobbie or a granny whichever you prefer to be called, so this is just one of the stepping stones, he he.
My choices could be: 3/8, 3/67, 8/67; or the reverse of these combos for color/sketch or sketch/color.....
One day, Andy accompanies Miranda, Nigel, and a gaggle of other assistants to a preview at a designer’s showroom. Nigel warns Andy to listen and learn. Miranda and some assistants are deciding between two similar belts for an outfit. Andy sniggers because she thinks they look exactly the same.
Let me pause again and take you back to an earlier part of this story. We've already established that it's dark and I'm not wide awake. Now remember the part about my car needing oil on a regular basis? Friends, early in the morning it's not always easy to feel the difference between a plastic juice container and a quart of Castrol 10W30 motor oil. I have never tasted anything so foul in all my days before nor have I since.
Yesterday I woke to find the electricity off. No explanation has yet been given, but the outage covered a large swathe across this area of Kent affecting parts of Canterbury, Blean, Herne Bay and Whitstable. No heating, no light, no radio, no television, no telephone, no internet connection. When I left for the Cathedral in the afternoon it had been off for more than ten hours, and The Daughter and I were both a little chilly, the temperature inside the house having dropped close to four degrees. The Cathedral, unaffected, thawed us out. It is an awe-inspiring place. I hope you make pilgrimage there, should you visit the city.
The idiot started running his mouth and seconds later he was in cuffs.
I am on Winter Vacation and loving every second of it. I have been busy with baking, cooking, and spending time with my family.
Pine Lake in New Jersey trying to get the sunbathing tourists to go buy sodas and pizzas and ice cream
It’s then present day or I should say 2010 and we meet the pretty Doctor Michelle Herman (Renee O’Connor) and her assistant Pip (Derrick Scott) http://wp.me/p2eH5w-1U . I like when the sub rises up next to their boat and the Navy crew basically abducts Doctor Herman and Pip. Probably best for them considering the name of their small boat is “The Coffin”. They’re then introduced to a present day Captain Ahab (Barry Bostick). Mr. Bostick has a mile long resume and as always did a great job in the film. The only bad thing with Mr. Bostick is now when my kids watch “Phineas and Ferb” and I see the grandpa or the dad I’m going to be picturing Captain Ahab.
....Electricity hyperventilates even the
The precise opposite, and potentially in conflict with the need for Certainty. The need to feel that life is interesting, diverse, exciting and challenging.
I wonder how other writers write. Do they outline? Lay out note cards? Do they start with an image, a goal, a person? Do their pieces grow from a conversation they overheard, an item they picked up, or a newspaper story they found intriguing?
Mayban Trustees, which the bondholders argued had failed to exercise the necessary care and due diligence expected of a trustee, said in a statement last week that it was “actively considering the next course of action”.
With this in mind, I am going to have to start work on that special project for my Mum's August birthday this week. I will check I have everything I need and then dye the fabric tomorrow (all being well). I should therefore be able to start stitching on Wednesday. This is not a small project, and I am sure my Mum will understand if it's not quite ready in time for her birthday, but as it's a big one (her 60th) it would be nice if it was.
Add an earring finding to the loop.
If Greece is allowed to default in the coming weeks, financial markets will indeed regard defaults by Spain and Italy as much more likely. That could cause their interest rates to spike upward and their national debts to rise rapidly, thus making them effectively insolvent. By postponing a Greek default for two years, Europe’s politicians hope to give Spain and Italy time to prove that they are financially viable.
March ’09 15 GSA employees returned to visit two of the nine hotels again, staying at the M Resort and the Ritz-Carlton.
- Burning Mein Kampf must become a hate crime punishable by hanging with piano wire.
Mr Sparks emailed the management team the same day and was told that the decision had been made for health and safety reasons. He added: 'It’s not really about the price, it is more about the attitude that we have been given.'
Interesting take on an RIS. I don't like the phenols that show through from time to time, but they're very subdued. Overall this has the look and feel of an RIS, but it's more mellow than most. Good beer. Glad I had it.
The United States has the fourth-highest inequality level in the OECD, after Chile, Mexico and Turkey. Inequality among working-age people has risen steadily since 1980, in total by 25%. In 2008, the average income of the top 10% of Americans was 114 000 USD, nearly 15 times higher than that of the bottom 10%, who had an average income of 7 800 USD. This is up from 12 to 1 in the mid 1990s, and 10 to 1 in the mid 1980s.
12:50 - 1:53: Continue math
By Bob Townsend
Verinas: another quiet lad, except with him I just can’t seem to read. I know Orthanious says he’s got an impressive skill set, but I has yet to see it. Maybe he doesn’t like letting the cat out of the bag so ‘ta speak. Perhaps these hack and slash missions aren’t his cup of tea? I’ll have to keep my eye on him, I can’t say yay or nay on him yet.
j: my mother, she is such an amazing independent and strong woman. she always taught me not to rely on anyone for anything.
polemic tactics wielded most skillfully by the Democrat Party: the
Price: $18
Even with rain off and on all day I got a lot of things accomplished. Still lots to mark off the to do list but making headway. Had several trays of herb seedlings that needed to be put into bigger individual pots. Got 3 more trays of seeds planted. So looking forward to my herb garden this year.
Mondors (those funny flesh-colored tights that go OVER the boots) = $20/pair (buy needle & flesh-colored thread to sew up the little holes in the practice pairs – keep one pair IN THE BAG until 2 seconds before a public performance and MAYBE they’ll stay intact until the music stops!)
The U.S. House of Representatives Small Brewers Caucus was formed in 2007 by interested Members of Congress. Their mission is to gain a better understanding of all aspects of small, amateur and professional craft brewing, from business and regulatory issues to the brewing process and history of the small brewing community. The members of the Caucus are passionate about small brewers and craft beer. Co-chairs Representative Peter DeFazio (OR) and Representative Denny Rehberg (MT) have themselves been homebrewers and are avid beer enthusiasts.
Your love and words have left me jaded
I quit smoking in July of 2011, and I still have moments where I feel as though something is missing. I realize after a few moments that the cigarette is what is missing, and I wonder if that will ever go away. I sure as hell hope it does, otherwise I will have two bad habits that I have to make a concerted effort to stay away from; smoking and the former friend. Let’s face it, neither one is very good for me. I don’t need cancer and I don’t need someone who constantly makes me feel as though I don’t matter.
And here is a close up.
And don't forget to vote for paper or ebooks on the right of this blog... voting closes 31st December!
And with that I'm done whining.
Because of my own personal obsession with the Zombie genre (see: Zombie Hall), and the fact that I have recently found a tick on me TWICE, and had a brush with poison ivy (like they say "Leaves of three, Kevin you SUCK"), I have come to the conclusion that in an apocalyptic survival scenario, I’m as good as dead. You may be thinking the same thing yourself. I’m no boy/girl scout, and probably, neither are you. Well, I’m here to help. Whether it’s Zombies, World War a Million, The Rapture, Alien Invasion or The Jersey Shore that come to get us, the following preparatory steps will help you out when civilization reaches its breaking point. I won’t get into the obvious ones like 'FIGHTING', 'HUNTING', 'BEING IN SHAPE', 'AGRICULTURE', 'MAKING SHELTER', 'MAKING FIRE', or 'WHAT BERRIES CAN'T I EAT' because those are clearly the least important.
At the meeting, LIMRA also showed off its “Ready-2-Retire” program, a tablet application that allows producers to help pre-retirees clarify their own thinking and recognize their dreams for their senior years. Producers can then be the hero and help make them their realities. These tools can help the industry achieve another goal: reaching the middle market. It’s no secret that companies and producers have been aiming for the big cases to the point where the number of policies plummeted over the past few decades, even while the overall policy value has increased.
A TSUNAMI WARNING IS IN EFFECT FOR
Finally, on this subject, I am really looking forward to receiving my pre-ordered copy of Gary Small's book "iBrain" - it's apparently got some very interesting and possibly worrying ideas about what all this electronic stuff is doing to our brains.
3 oz. spreadable garlic herb cheese, such as Boursin or Trader’s Point Creamery garden herb fromage blanc
I bought this bamboo chair at the Value Village for $20:
My story Casey was found to be reminiscent of James Joyce (in the beginning), Edgar Alan Poe (in the middle) and Stephen King (at the end), however when I analysed the entire story, it was found to be James Joyce-ian. I do a lot of practice writing. In fact, practice writing is pretty much all I do. So, I went through all the bits and pieces of writing I had saved on my computer, even when there were just few random paragraphs here and there and put them all through the I Write Like algorithm. I was surprised to get some consistent results. There was a definite prevalence of Joyce, followed by King and Lovecraft when it came to stories and anything from Dan Brown to Chuck Palahniuk for other bits of writing. Mostly Joyce though (although once Vonnegut and Orwell but I'm sure that was a fluke) and occasionally Lovecraft and King. Now, I find all three of those writers completely unreadable which leads me to believe that my writing is completely and utterly crap. It also leads me to believe that I need to drag my writing by the scruff of its neck into the 21st century (when Sir Terry Pratchett will show up as my right and proper writing influence). However, as I've already posited that this test is not to be taken seriously under any circumstances, I breathe a sigh of relief and carry on as usual.
Erica Smolders – I actually framed a restaurant napkin that I used to take notes when I was coming up with the concept for the shop. It says “clean, modern, stress the basics, affordable luxury, approachable design, beautiful packaging, quality customer service” and I think we’ve really done that.
But wait, there's more! I also made, if you will, a blanket for the baby. I had a hell of a time mitering those corners and they look like a 5 year old did them but they were my first try ever, what was I expecting? My brother's girlfriend LOVED the blanket and my mom and her think I actually pieced the quilted part together. I won't spoil the illusion for them :P The back of the blanket, the part that goes against the baby's skin, is SOOOO soft! Putting this blanket together was awkward because I had to lay all three layers (underside, batting and topside) on the floor to cut everything to the correct size, then pin them right on the floor. Sewing them together and then binding the edges was even more fun! That's a lot of thick, heavy fabric to maneuver!
By allowing Weber to continue playing professional hockey, the NHL is sending a message that it’s just fine to play dirty. They’re telling players that should you happen to find yourself needing to “let off some steam” you go right ahead and vent. Should you intentionally try and injure, cripple or kill someone in the process, go right ahead, we approve. Oh, and that Department of Player Safety and its mandate to protect players? Yeah, well that’s just a sham to try and make us seem like a respectable sport. And by watching these thugs on skates play, by paying their salaries and wearing their jerseys, we’re sending the message that not only do we not care, but we enjoy it. Go ahead and fight because we approve.
When you are describing your top-shelf behaviors, make sure you have specific EXAMPLES. Think of a recruiter looking at your resume like those three little old ladies on the Wendy’s commercial. If all you offer is fluff someone is gonna bust you like Clara Peller. Be descriptive. Take your behavior descriptions to the next level by supporting your qualifications with metrics. Analyze what happened so you show you’re capable of complex thought. Competence is the beef recruiters seek!
If the state recognizes her as a male, then it was not against the law for her to remove her shirt in public, as only the showing of “the female breast” counts as public indecency under Tennessee law. The state is essentially punishing her both for being female enough and for not being female enough, whereas the federal government already recognizes her as female.
So let me just recap for you guys: had AT&T given me the information in January like I asked, I might have been able to give the cops information that would let them pursue this. I might have been able to shut down more accounts I didn’t know about (like, I don’t know, THIS BANK ACCOUNT I’m just now hearing about?). Oh, and I would have been able to take care of this before school is coming to an end and I’m in the middle of moving. Yeah. Thanks, AT&T. Three months later, when the information might not even help me, you’re going to finally do what you should have done to begin with. I’m moving this summer to an area only serviced by either AT&T or a local provider. Guess who won’t be getting my money? AT&T, motherfuckers.
7. Tell him how important it is to develop healthy eating habits, then make him ignore his hunger for most of the day, only allowing him to eat at designated times, and then serve up some horrible food in the cafeteria. *extra credit for making a rule against bringing any food from home: 20 points
I bring my own. If you want to rent one there, they have both singles and doubles. I pack up our most valued asset: The Graco Quatro Duo stroller. This double in-line stroller is made for days at Disneyland! In the park, you'll see a million strollers, and plenty of them will be exactly like yours (no matter what color and style you bring). Personally, I prefer the in-line style to the side-by-side style for a double since I can steer through the crowd a bit easier with the more streamlined style of stroller.
I wanted to be that awesome former smoker, who could still hang with the naughty kids out in the alley, trading stories as they puffed away. But I’m realizing that just might not be possible. I went to a meeting last week, and even though I showed up a half-hour early to see everyone, I chose to sit inside alone rather than chat it up with the smoking gang outside. I realize part of this could be because I’m still early in my recovery, and don’t want to be triggered. But I’m open to the idea that I just don’t dig it anymore. Weirder things have happened to me, although this ranks pretty high.
Yesterday was the appointed day for brunch for Mom & Sis and the whole gang, so I went to the Corona del Mar market, set up my booth, then handed it over to my dear helper Linda, while I quickly loaded up three baskets of fresh eggs, produce and citrus. Did you notice, I have new baskets? These are very vintage, from the Paris flea market; I positively adore them and use them weekly now for my shopping and display~
After nearly 50 years since the Council, Catholicism is still the stranger among American Christian denominations. It is not easy to approach us.
Hey folks, this item about the young teenage presumptive Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney appeared in the Washington Post today. Young Romney, son of American Motors President George Romney, who also ran for the Republican nomination for president back in 1968 before he blew up his campaign by announcing he was brainwashed by the American generals in Vietnam into believing the U. S. could win that war, was (of course) a prep school student.
Lionel Ngakane - South African filmmaker,
- Taxi from airport to Eixample 48 euro
Jerry Rankin Blog
Heat the broiler to high.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, director of vegan outreach
They still spelled Cay with a C. An old Brit legacy she was grateful for. All the Florida Keys were spelled the American way. Even Bimini, the closest to the Florida mainland, was seen by some as American, until you got there. Isolated. Ooo: it was nice to be back. Thirty years on the ‘mainland’ had not dulled her love of the ocean, the sheer blue clarity of it circling the islands. The way it curled around these barren white atolls and made her somehow comfortable in their watery embrace.
I’ve been writing professionally for years and my work has always been for public consumption. You might even be familiar with some of it. Maybe you enjoyed an interview with Stephen King or Ellen Degeneres. Maybe you followed a “film noir” true crime story about cheating husbands and lethal wives through every delicious twist and turn. Or maybe you learned the dirty truth about the health code violations of a restaurant near you, or how a new kind of designer drug stays one step ahead of the law.
Exploitation – Equality
Cheeks: Ravishing blush by Evil Shades
Remembering that this special dash
This plate of a Thai Green Curry Fried Noodlesis a result of leftover green curry paste (recall Step-By-Step: “Salmon trapped in sea of Green Curry”). The green curry paste is unfortunately pre-made because we hadn’t gotten down to making our own curry pastes yet. Instead of sticking to the tried and tested, why not throw it in with some fresh egg noodles and vegetables and fry up a storm?
Since we’re casting these sort of evidence-free allegations about, you understand.
He had
There’s something to be said for planning your entire evening around making that important phone call to your father on the opposite side of the world, whom I might add you’ve not spoken to in oh probably over a month (not entirely your own fault), to wish him happy birthday, and to time it just right so it is not too ungodly an early hour to awaken him from slumber yet not too late that he’s out of the house. Never mind also trying to squeeze yourself in among the many calls coming in from all the grandkids and friends the world over. Would you believe that as he ages, it’s actually getting harder to pin him down?!
And all around be darkness
That’s what Jesus is for. Period.
this man. oh, boy, this man. one look at him and you're instantly drawn.
The stunt he pulled regarding replacing his name on the cover of The Hunt for Bin Laden, and removing Robin Moore’s, was the final nail in the coffin he said. He did because he was broke and he knew his days were numbered so it didn’t matter to him. In that phone call, he told me that in December 2011, he & two of his lawyers got into a horrible fight on the phone. The three of them had tried to extort a large sum of money from an aviation company in Georgia via email & fax. Idema had blamed them for negligence and wanted compensation for the stranded plane in Pennsylvania. He was broke and desperate so he thought this would work. It didn’t. What did happen was the complete breakdown of communication between him & the lawyers. One of them, who is now executor of his will (a phony will in probate right now), told him he didn’t care how he died he just hoped it would be soon. The other lawyer was pissed because Idema used his letterhead before checking the fact that he was suspended. That lawyer was all for it when he thought the other lawyer’s letterhead was being used. Jack told me he was fed up with all of them. They had screwed up Isabeau Dakota and was supposed to dissolve not suspend the corporation. The lawyers had done everything they knew that would eventually put them in the driver’s seat when Idema passed. It also screwed over Harvest Ministries who had rented the 450 Robeson Street building
Wish we were there!! :)
I feel so blessed. But at the same time I'm very aware of sickness and evil in this world.
As is true in each of these adoption stories, God is moving and doing a work to make the logistics happen. This morning I got this email...
And then we decided on this one and walked out with a table instead of a bench.
So here are a couple of snaps of my room for you this week...
A large handmade Chrysanthemum formed from a Fiskars Oopsie Daisy, Marvy Uchida daisy, EK Success daisy and oak leaf punches rests on one corner of my Spellbinders Grand Large Labels die cut image while a few more handmade flowers, remaining from a previous card, rest below a ribbon bow. Here's a view of my card front . . .
To see the champions was the only aim,
into a new period,
What was it he didn’t like about me, I still don’t know. I know that I was in a very dark place that year. I think it was outwardly obvious to him and possibly anyone else. But I wasn’t a mean kid. I wasn’t a delinquent. I was just having a rough time. Ironically, this same year, I had a teacher that took me under his wing and made me feel great every time I went to his class. He was my Social Studies teacher and I will share his story with you in my next article.
DEAD RINGERS
Uncle Pete was always smiley, always even-tempered (quite a feat if you knew Aunty Celia) and had time for everybody. I always cried myself to sleep when he left after a visit and the last time I saw him was the morning I flew on my (first) honeymoon. They'd stayed with my parents and come to wave us off at the airport. If I'd known then that this would have been the last time I'd ever see him, I don't think I'd have got on the plane - I'd have rather spent a fortnight in his company than on some remote island with a man I wasn't going to stay married to for more than five years.
I have seen pics and sold out offers of NTSC RC0 DVDs, but obviously not officially released.
“Just once,” I’m sure you say to yourself while on line at your local grocery store, “just once I’d like a cashier to tell me I have the feet of Baryshnikov.” Yet you’re willing to suffer your hooves because nobody has presented you with a viable option for long-term foot maintenance. Feet age and mutate. They adapt, growing like goldfish to meet their accommodations.
Last week for example we had asked our producer to invite Stephen Fry on the show but unfortunately had to settle for the ever reliable but rather dull Rowland Rivron.
The Astro satellite channel have contacted Sarawak Report to acknowledge that they DID censor the BBC news report on the Bersih 3.0rally!
While I did get some very nice images, I also took some real duds. As a result, I learned some things about using shutter speed priority. First, it’s very difficult for the camera (Canon EOS 7D) to set the aperture when the camera is firing off at 1/1000 up to 1/4000 per second in burst mode, even with ISOs that are correct for the lighting conditions. The lighting in the mornings was marvelous, but even so settings that produced well balanced exposure at one end of the field (warm sun glow) were not at all effective at the other end as one end of the field (deep shadow) and vice versa. Also, the quality of focus varied quite a bit. And, it’s hard to make adjustments as the dog is speeding by in a fast recall or long bite. By midday, there was a lot of glare and harsh white light from the clear skies and bright sun, which presents its own set of challenges. See an earlier posts on Calculating Exposure: A Function of Doubles and Halves for more details.
my neck/back.
Then there's the Midnight Club itself. The stories-within-the-story that the members tell each other are vivid and dark, and lend the book a certain lingering ambiguity. There are stories of pain and regret, of actions taken in anger and of lessons learnt. And for Ilonka, there are also stories about the past lives she thinks she remembers. Though I've found myself dwelling on some of them a few days after rereading the book, I can't say I'm exactly sure what they all mean or how they fit together.
Does anyone really like mince pies?
Over the years it has become commonplace for circle visitors to experience an energetic ‘flow’ within its precinct. Video cameras malfunction, batteries suddenly go dead, compasses fluctuate wildly. The electromagnetic field which circles produce has been likened by some dowsers, empaths and sensitives to the static they feel inside the oldest stone circles. Again, it seems synchronistic that the crop circles and the stone circles of Wiltshire and North Britain share a mystical connection in location, effect on ground water and subsoil. Samples taken for scientific analysis by non-profit agencies such as BLT Research confirm this. In 1980 the Dragon Project measured a miraculous surge of radiation within the precinct of Rollright Stones, Oxon at the moment of sunrise. Stonehenge visitors (for midsummer sunrise) confirm similar rises in energy. Both these stone circles are reasonably complete in construction. By contrast, dowsers who have visited ‘restored’ stone circles –a notorious one in Aberdeenshire at Strichen–experience sickness and have to leave because of the disruptive energy fields created by misaligned or substituted stones of the ‘wrong’ geological composition. It seems our Neolithic ancestors had a sense of ‘knowing’ where to place stone circles on the earth’s electromagnetic nodes–and within widely electrically-conductive aquifers of chalk or limestone– it worked like a dream.
Nick, I would like a response to this if not today then tomorrow, and then maybe we could talk.
down the trail.
When grill is heated, arrange chicken breasts on it seasoning side down.
Wow, why do I feel like an awkward 4th grader passing a note.
The sun is still shining, so that is a great thing!
As for the supposedly heightened danger presented by the Internet, I must refer to my own piece in yesterday’s Daily Beast, “The Myth of Online Predators.” Pedophiles are not combing MySpace or Facebook for victims any more than they are calling random numbers out of the phone book and trying to get a date. It’s a technique that doesn’t work and they know it – and that is according to head of the Crimes Against Children Research Center. So the idea that any child online is easy pickin’s for perverts is just wrong.
Tell 7 things about yourself
“There’s no deposit on that bottle” said a voice from the foot end of the bed.
And a big ass, too.
and then to top it off i now have the dreaded lurgy and there's still so much to do!!!
Be you, but be the best version of you you can be and your inner talents will flow outwards. You will touch and affect others, you won't even need to try. When you try, you impede the flow.
What we allow ourselves to do be or have determines what we do be or have!
continued nightmares
In Christchurch we have some vacant plots of ecclesial land eager for new churches to be built or placed on them. At least one such plot already has a plan approved to receive a wooden chapel from another site. This chapel will need to be cut up into smaller pieces for transportation purposes and then reassembled.
Reason for tennis balls per ads is to keep walkers from slipping, protect floor while ensuring that the walker won’t slip on smooth surfaces or snag on carpeting. You can buy preslit tennis balls from a company called Walker.
Since her appointment in 2002 by Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, Ms. Burden has played a powerful behind-the-scenes role in shaping plans at ground zero, in limiting the size of the Atlantic Yards development near Downtown Brooklyn, and in helping push through the High Line project, which will transform a disused rail bed into a linear park linking the West Village to the Far West Side.
Friends of mine bought this apartment building and renovated four apartments. I immediately fell in love with this living space and the area it is located. I was so excited that they gave me first chance at it! Even though it will be a longer drive to work, and it is quite a distance from stores and town, I think I will love being so close to nature. This summer I will start new herb gardens in the front yard and in garden boxes on the decks. Move in day is March 1st.
I grabbed him up and took him to the pad
I send you smiles of happiness
"Sending text message to Nat - Hi Net."
Why did God take his brother away? Why did her son have to die? Why did he lose his job? Why was his father so cruel? Did she fail as a parent to raise a loving boy? Why did God create a world in which things can suffer and die? The ultimate question in Job, the ultimate question in the film, and the ultimate question to modern minds, is why do bad things happen to good people?
"Grabe ka (You're unbelievable)," A said. "Alam mo (You know what) … I know exactly what to call you... but since I'm a devout Christian I choose not to say the word."
CLICK HERE to find a recipe for puppy chow. Thank you, Tammy, Jesse, Noah, Hannah, Jack and Amelia, for brightening my first day of May with your unexpected gift.
Security forces would decide later whether to file charges against the demonstrators, he said.
.is this justice
it worries me that i hear/read more and more often that grammar isn't relevant anymore. a lot of people use the excuse that, thanks to technology and social media, there isn't a need for it. that things such as texting and instant messaging have made misspellings and incorrect grammar usage acceptable by societal norms. (i should note that i absolute refuse to ever type the word "you" as "u" and "your" as "ur" or any of those other text abbreviations; i mean, c'mon, is it REALLY THAT HARD TO TYPE OUT THREE LETTERS for "you?" it even bugs the crap out of me when artists such as prince do this. yes, even him. but i digress.) the husband, who used to teach high school, told me that he'd get essays turned in with such errors, and that the kids didn't know what they did was wrong.
This is not the fault of the producers, however. It results from limited demand. Most librarians avoid statististics if they can. They do not want to be educated. Thus, there is no pressure on statistical agencies to improve their products. Repetition and complacency prevail.
Police added he could not bend over to get in the police car until some of the bottles were removed. His legs were also 'extremely chafed', according to police spokesman Sgt. John M. Delaney. 'He needed the use of some of the stolen items.'
- Dave Barry
a viruscan would suggest he needs to be deleted
Michael Ojo
it anyway, get it now.
A couple of weeks ago, while at the library, I spotted Bobby Flay's Burgers, Fries, and Shakes. I need this thing in my life. The pictures are gorgeous, and everything seems to be completely veganizable. Plus, the shake section is totally out of this world! Everything I made today came from that book. For the burger, though, I used Tami's All-American Incrediburger (replacing some water with hot sauce and brushing with more hot sauce). Best homemade veggie burger I've ever had! I've had that thing marked in American Vegan Kitchen forever! So glad I finally made it!
28. Accepts when I disagree with him
I would care to know less and know to care more.
Heat for 4-5 minutes on high.
This is one of those contenders…
With the majority of them guilty of serious crimes, receiving sentences of four years or more.
So, why pick up a newspaper today?
How many of you out there use lists? How often? All the time? Just wondering :)
My life train is looking very interesting at the moment LOL.
Then it happened..... 7:15pm! Ouch! The pain was back and it was worse than ever. KIDNEY STONES.
Vowing to never freeze again
John already. To enter just head over to the site and
I've been thinking a lot about being fourteen lately.
I remembered those time when I was a kid, I used to get bullied at school almost every single day. I was soft-spoken and often the target for bullies. I used to cry everyday when i sat in the school bus or when i am locked up in my room. My parents didn’t know what happened as i smiled and act like nothing ever happened.
An A-player would have looked over, seen that there was work to do, and gotten the groceries bagged as quickly as the cashier was scanning them. Instead, this bagger chose to wait until all the groceries were scanned and I was paying for them to come over and help the cashier bag everything up. The total time difference to me was probably about three minutes. Not a big deal, yet I left the store irritated at the indifferent service. And, multiply three minutes across all the shoppers and it’s no wonder the lines had been moving slowly.
At the center of many of these webs were companies trading in diamonds, which experts say are fast replacing more traditional money-laundering vehicles because they are easy to transport and are generally traded for cash. Large transactions leave no paper trail, and values can be altered through bogus transactions. A number of these dealers had been implicated in the buying of “conflict diamonds” and other minerals used to finance civil wars and human-rights abuses in Africa.
22. November Spazio 211 – Turin, Italy
BEER PASSION WEEKEND
-inadequate water intake
We prayed for rain and it's been raining ever since. Good on Mother Nature. I have heard loads of people whinging about it, but frankly, there's no point. April traditionally is the month of showers - live with it!
Make sure you check out the website for the other items the company carries as well as the instructional how-to videos on the different ways to wear the clips!
They are a perfect protein source, more digestible than soy, they contain more amino acids than milk, meat or eggs. They provide you with more energy than energy bars without the sugar and much less saturated fat.
I feel just as nervous about this as I did the first time that we walked through the doors at CASA. All the insecurities about my parenting are creeping up. As with before, I am convinced that I am going to walk in there and they are just going to tell me that it is all my fault, that I am a horrible mother and that my children have no hope. Why should a mental health team be any different then my Mother? She told me that once. I was still pregnant with D. I wasn't even half way through my pregnancy.
Every year, I also find myself buying Christmas lingerie. Even though I’ve yet to date many guys who want or care about lingerie. You know the ones who have liked it? The ones that were long distance… oh yeah, that helps… especially prior to me getting a Skype account. Now tell me what sense it makes for a woman to have an entire drawer section of red and white, white, and red lingerie (some with bows to unwrap lol) when she consistently dates men who would rather she not bother with it at all? It’s like Victoria’s Secret knows where I’m weak and they know that come December, I can’t manage to turn down the amazing lingerie offers they tend to send to customers.
Today I went thrifting with 2 gals from WEST (Etsy team).
Bloomberg
LJ Fort: Yeah. Remember the Titans would have to be up there as well
“Oh, sweet! I’ve got that exact same T-shirt! ’Course, mine’s a bit smaller.” Ollie started bouncing up and down on his heels, and I wanted to lick him all over, he looked so appealing. At that thought, despite being full of dialysate, I felt my cock starting to stir. It’s a good thing I was in the XXX-Large version of the Wolverine shirt. Still, I leant forward a little just to make sure nothing showed.
Draft 4: Okay, I think I'm finally getting there. But why is this sentence so long? And why is there a comma there? And why do all my characters roll their eyes? Where are there eyes eyes eyes everywhere?
I guess it's become popular these past few years to say that people won't attend conferences because they can meet in the Gopher Chat Rooms and on MySpace, or whatever the kids are into now. You can twitter away all day chatting with people. You don't have to wait in line at a signing table to meet authors. You can shoot them a message online. Email them. MyFace chat. You can connect for free, without having to battle the "Bring Out Your Dead" piles of flesh at the Atlanta airport or $12 hotel bar bourbon.
tag eleven people with a link to your post
“After the dogs were killed, he would make her clean up,” Murray said.
IT IS TERRIBLE!
cause I ain't want yuh daughter
On one edge, are the service providers, advertising to a growing market that their approach is the key. Within that corner, there’s Early Intervention saying ‘do it now, or the window will close’, the biomed practitioners with deeply attractive recovery narratives, and peak bodies who
Once again the father flashes that smile. Then he walks over to the top of the key, bounces his ball a couple of times, and nonchalantly puts up a jumpshot. The ball travels a perfect arc and drops down through the net without touching the rim.
Jesus, it's so easy to see now how little that phrase says about the people we were, but at the time it was our all encompassing shared identity. We were the straight-A students. Enough said.
Thank you in advance....I know in my heart there will be many who will help me and Anne see this finished and in a very timely manner.
New Belgium Frambozen
A verse to cling to in all this is Psalm 56:3 which says: “Whenever I am afraid, I will trust in You”. Jacob was holding on when things looked bad – he was trusting God. His way did not work and now He was trusting God’s way.
Thursday, September 27th–I met with my Case Worker and went to therapy.
PLEASE BLESS MY POOR LITTLE BEAR.
-Looking at the mobile in your room and talking to it before taking your naps
In a town where creativity is a commodity of often fluctuating value, The Bazaar by José Andrés is that rare breakout blockbuster that manages to marry artistic vision with commercial success. The brainchild of James Beard Award winning chef and owner José Andrés, The Bazaar at the chic SLS Hotel at Beverly Hills is truly unique in all aspects: from the innovative concept, to the beautifully designed food and drinks - many showcasing molecular gastronomy - to the breathtaking decor by Phillippe Starck, which pits modern with traditional.
Estimated number of steerage passengers saved, 400.
responsible for what I say and do,
You don't need a recipe for turkey(the directions are printed on the wrapper)!
3. Applicant must create a variety of projects with no more than 1 card
First, I just want to thank everyone for your kind comments yesterday. I'm finding this blog world to be filled with such wholesome, kind hearted people and, in a non phsyco way, I really do love y'all! I had a dream about that little boy last night and a grandfather type figure was tucking him into bed and gave him a kiss on his forehead. It settled my heart and I'm leaving it all in God's hands. I've found that the sooner I give something to Him, the healthier I am mentally and physically. Hmmmmm.....watch out it seems another "deep thoughts, by Ko" post is brewing ;)
This week, my "teacher think" allowed me to appreciate the preparation that went into the lesson in our Mandarin Parents & Tots class at Language Stars*. Time spent watching another teacher is always enlightening. I enjoy reflecting on how she/he teaches, on what I can take from the lesson, and on how I might use his/her strategies as a jumping off point to improve my own teaching. It's kind of neat to be on the "let's-just-sit-and-watch-the-lesson" side of things for a change, taking a "breather" so to speak, using the time to mentally improve my own teaching (and my Mandarin, too, hopefully!). So, when the teacher pulled out the play fruit and a cash register that had buttons to push AND made noise, I saw my son's face and knew it was going to be a good lesson!
B) She was completely lacking in style.
A confident and engaged employee…will have more satisfaction at work…which will lead to increased satisfaction at home and in life…
Unable to pinpoint the split second
Home to some 108 active volcanoes, Japan sits atop the Eurasian, Pacific, Philippine and North American tectonic plates whose movements cause numerous earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. The country experiences about 20 percent of the world’s major earthquakes of magnitude 6 or greater.
9) Why can I not smoke and be immune from the health risks? Why? Why? Why?
The Thalis can be Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner. Specific to a region or state. Can be pertaining to a festival or a feast.
3. The Mojo Men - Sit Down, I Think I Love You
The doctors and nurses assessed my mother as having a score of 26 out of 30 when she was admitted to hospital. She is capable, even though I was telling her everything that the doctor said, repeating the same message in different words until I could see that she'd finally understood what I was conveying to her.
Was there any blood? Nope. (thank goodness).
The Nemean Lion motif can be seen here in two examples. The red round design, while attractive, would not serve its purpose very well. I have not seen this sort of device anywhere other than Paris. Maybe it is used in French provincial towns, too.
Published by St. Martin’s Press
And here are the pics to prove it wasn't a dream.
For an hour.
Several of the leaf edges needed a little hand-stitching after felting...
"You're so ugly, your mom had to tie a pork chop around your neck just so the dog would play with you."
Blogger Kim Ayres said...
It was a madhouse at the Allstate Arena and I was able to take a slew of pics. So I put together a little slide show .
Yeah. That puts things in perspective.
Let’s talk about that one for a minute. People want to argue about it. Love is hard, they say. It’s a tremendous amount of work! And not many people truly get to experience it in their lifetime. Really?
I gotta ask, what the hell did the Vaalia yoghurt LOOK like before all these things were added to thicken it????
Beverly native Kim Porter Fluellen, director of integrated marketing and development at Soul Train Holdings, LLC in Los Angeles, says that the exhibit is part of a “year of rebirth” for the brand on its 40th anniversary. “Last month, we opened a music-and-dance series at Lincoln Center, we did a large donation to the Smithsonian and events on the National Mall, and now we’re coming here and planting ourselves in Chicago, where it all started.” The photos come from a collection of more than 300,000 images and have never before been released.
Him: No, it wasn't...there were shirts and stuff in there.
1/4 cup Sweet Onion
Or your dreams coming true.
but overriding or negating a child's feelings or beliefs – about anything – really does undermine them to a point that they will start to second guess their internal compass and believe that their assessment of how they feel cannot be accurate if it cannot be respected.
You look just like your daddy, boy, Ma would say
I had a counselor tell me that breast cancer patients feel the exact same feelings as someone with PTSD. I can see why. I feel as though I should be "over" it. I feel bad for even feeling the way I feel. I'm not exactly sure what or how to feel. I think I am just a mess. I have heard and was warned by many that I would go through this. I guess that makes it a little easier but yet it is still very difficult. I want to inspire people, encourage them and lift them up. So it is hard for me to be in this place. I haven't blogged regularly because I just haven't been in the right frame of mind. So if I cross your mind, please just say a prayer for me. I don't even know what to ask you to pray for. But you all have prayed for me many times and it has done wonders. So, I believe tomorrow will be a brighter day.
Emotional catharsis: The non-verbal elements are foremost in Michael’s recall, but the words of his narration are concrete, real, sometimes nearly cold. Referring back to my sculpture reference above, these narrative passages are the framework on which he can drape soft, warm fabric of memory and release.
From a security standpoint, the implications of wireless computing on the road are considerably more serious than computing at home. The primary reason for this is that, generally speaking, you only share your home network with your own computers. On the road, at the Starbucks or the Hilton, you are sharing the wireless network with every other guest logged in to the (generally insecure) network.
Thanks to everyone who joined in our Last minute Xmas makes challenge last week! For details of winners and our top 3 please scroll down to the previous post!
How could he pursue God’s will if he did not know it? The first step is to know from whom comes the knowledge. He is identified here as the “Just One.” Peter identifies Him in Acts 3:14 as the “Holy One and the Just:” none other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
Deadlines:
Maybe he was talking about impact as like a “wow” factor for an outfit, but as far as impact on fashion and trends, I gotta say, I don’t know about this comment.
I love the faux monochromatic look too. Makes a pieces dance. The few manly quilts I have designed have all been earthy on colour and prone to reflect architecture. I did do one log cabin for grandfather in reproduction fabrics.
I don't know how many people will respond to this, but let me know if there are any units or activities that you are wanting to have created--I have been so exhausted lately, but I want to get back into making TPT/TN creations soon!! All ideas welcomed, and might throw it as a freebie your way ;) Have a great Thursday tomorrow!
Before we learn the identity of the kidnappers, there's an interesting moment when the plot tries to decoy us with some Arabs who happen to be on the plane. Kyle "remembers" seeing some Arabs "spying" on her. It must be the fucking Arabs! As we learn, however, it's not the Arabs (although, strangely, this movie would have made a lot more sense if it had been the Arabs, negative stereotypes notwithstanding). Having presented the not-bad-guys Arabs, however, this script can't even be bothered to muster some basic symmetry by having them, at some crucial point, help Foster's character. As for the actual bad guy, the sky marshal, at no point in the movie are we given even an inkling as to what motivates him. Is he unhappy with his pension plan? Was he beaten with a toy airplane when he was a child? Does being a sky marshal disqualify you from collecting air miles? We'll never know...
I am NOT inviting any one over for a while :)
Sizzix Alterations-Tag and bookplates
As a huge fan of Mario, I've played nearly all of his games. I finished Paper Mario years ago and I bought Super Paper Mario late in 2011. This one I've never played because I do not own it. But after hearing this theme, I really want to check this game out and see what Rogueport is all about. What kinda town is it? Is it as lively as this track suggests? I must know!
She had too many of those times written in the lines of her face. Back then, we had all the immortality of youth and we thought we could go on forever. Time happens to all of us though, mostly while we aren’t looking. Turn away for a moment and when you turn back you find years have slipped by and the face that looks back at you from the mirror has become the face of your parent.
"look at me mom- i'm touching my privates."
She reached for me today for the first time, almost brought me to my knees.
Me: No, not until summer
for meditation, but over the course of the two discs Pelt also grabs your
The Kennedy School communicates, more clearly than anyplace in the city, what Portland is all about--innovation, relation, art, and community.
Here we go again…Oh Mighty Hera, give me the strength of 10 Amazons to get through yet another night. Happy reading everyone!
Gave me any kind of support.
Over the old river bridge, which is parallel to the new bypass bridge, we walked down along the river, up over an old rail bridge, back along the other bank, and into the town.
9. On top of crab cakes or potato pancakes
But when they got home they discovered it was a ham salad.
….and not a Reason to Doubt?
An exclusive Corojo leaf grown only for this cigar covers this baby and feels great in the hand.
I have had a lot of fun this year creating Halloween projects, which I do not normally do. This is another great image from The Stamping Boutique called "Witches Laundry Line"- I have added some clouds to image with CTMH inks and scalloped circle. I LOVE that spider web embossing folder, which I have inked with CTMH white daisy ink before I embossed my paper.
12/14, Rue de la Ferronnerie
“Excuse me. Excuse me, gentlemen. Neither of you would happen to have a carrot about his person?” They turned as one and looked at the man who was now sitting on the ground dusting off his bowler, “Or a turnip. A turnip would be good too.”
At the time, we were trying out Interferon (like chemo), and my dad's body could just not handle it. I mean like would not tolerate it. We almost had to take him to the hospital.
I ran in and very quickly knew what a stupid thing I had done; leaving a pot of stewing pears with lots of sugar on the stove- a recipe for disaster, at least for the pretty pot. The whole house was full of thick smoke only one window had been open, but we quickly rectified that, with every window wide open we soon had the smoke dispersing and the red hot pot was cooling in the sink. When I checked the pot it was to discover all the enamel had come off the base, stuck onto what once were pears in the bottom, the pot is totalled kaput, muntered, but I decided it would make a great planting pot, so next spring it will be full of pretty flowers, so all is not lost, and our house did not burn down, but none of our close neighbours seem to have heard the alarm either, which is a bit of a worry I guess, we had better not to it for real next time. Should there be a next time which I certainly hope there will not.
Lagers (bottom fermented; clean character)
When we get wrapped up in this noise, while we are focused on it, listening to it, we are missing out on life going on around us.
Darwin
Of course the hubby is none to thrilled with my decision to keep my last name. I know how important it is to him for me to change it. Every so often I think about changing it to surprise him.
See? It would have been good to know all that in the film... or to know anything that went a bit deeper into what makes this fighter tick. Perhaps--and this is only a guess--it's something to do with latent homosexuality? The preference of male skin--even if it's only knuckles of the bulls--over the confusing, maddening touch of unknowable woman? Yes? Tom Hardy's intense, beautiful, heartbreaking, and incredibly jacked performance certainly allows for this possibility without committing one way or another. He's smashing, he is!
I got more gardening done than I would have thought possible for a single day. My wild garlic has come up! I weeded the revenants – rhubarb, sorrel, Good King Henry. I flung compost and well-rotted manure about, better late than never. I put the support up for the peas. I moved the vegetable cage to its 2012 spot. I turned over some soil. There is no sign of the globe artichokes or the sea kale, but
My MEGAN&LIAM novel, for example: I actually think I might pull that one down when it comes off of exclusivity and revise it a little. I feel like I might have shorted myself a little bit with it; I think it has a ton of potential, and there are parts of it that I really like. But there’s something incomplete about it. I mean, I think it’s entertaining (I hope). I think it’s adequate (I don’t think I’m shorting anybody who has bought it.) But I don’t want to be the writer of “adequate.” I want something interesting, something good. And there are a few things about this novel that I think I can grow.
The Sunday Independent has learnt that it was no longer a case of “if” there was a case for Malema to answer, but a matter of “when” he was likely to be hauled before a court. Sources close to the criminal investigation into Malema said he faced cases of corruption, fraud and money laundering which mirror the cases President Jacob Zuma faced before ascending to the Union Buildings.
It has been said here that a man is not a real man until he has conquered the Great Wall of China. Disney must have heard the news, as “I’ll Make A Man Out of You” was one of the main sing-a-longs in their 1998 movie Mulan. One of the modern wonders of the world, the Great Wall has been around for 2000 years and has morphed from its original incarnation as a line of defence and sometime traffic highway to become China’s number one tourist attraction.
4. Doc Doc Goose (Richard reporting)
Being ‘Authentic’ in everything you do is the key, no matter what the problem solution lies in taking authentic steps that really work in the situation you are. They will act as building blocks to where you want to go, every big dream that has come true is the compilation of thousands of small actions that were taken everyday.
Scallops
That seems like a very black and white depiction of a country.
This list includes some old favourites and some newly discovered blogs, destined to become old favourites. There are so many more I enjoy. For more bloggy goodness, check out my blog roll to the right of the page.
. . . The face of the water, in time, became a wonderful book — a book that was a dead language to the uneducated passenger, but which told its mind to me without reserve, delivering its most cherished secrets as clearly as if it uttered them with a voice. And it was not a book to be read once and thrown aside, for it had a new story to tell every day. Throughout the long twelve hundred miles there was never a page that was void of interest, never one that you could leave unread without loss, never one that you would want to skip, thinking you could find higher enjoyment in some other thing. There never was so wonderful a book written by man; never one whose interest was so absorbing, so unflagging, so sparkingly renewed with every re-perusal. The passenger who could not read it was charmed with a peculiar sort of faint dimple on its surface (on the rare occasions when he did not overlook it altogether); but to the pilot that was an ITALICIZED passage; indeed, it was more than that, it was a legend of the largest capitals, with a string of shouting exclamation points at the end of it; for it meant that a wreck or a rock was buried there that could tear the life out of the strongest vessel that ever floated. It is the faintest and simplest expression the water ever makes, and the most hideous to a pilot’s eye. In truth, the passenger who could not read this book saw nothing but all manner of pretty pictures in it painted by the sun and shaded by the clouds, whereas to the trained eye these were not pictures at all, but the grimmest and most dead-earnest of reading-matter.
There's appraisement and afresh there's arrant pricing. It's audibly attainable to anyone who's anytime acclimated a computer that the Xbox 360 120GB Harder Drive advancement kit could angle to accept a bigger bulk point. Even the Xbox 360 60GB drive and the 512MB Anamnesis Assemblage allegation bulk makeovers. Added blogs visited the affair about a year ago, and aback afresh prices accept abandoned -- just not about enough. A quick aberrate over to Best Buy shows the 120GB kit sitting appealing at $150, the 60GB drive lingers about $100, and the 512MB Anamnesis Assemblage sits at $50.
Pluralism, which refers to “design artifacts that resist any single, totalizing, or universal point of view”, is well practiced in Pinterest. Though the functions are the same and quite limited, people turn to be creative and everyone’s boards are different.
Isn't he the cutest? We sure like him. Currently, he's chasing chasing rain drops in vain as they fall down the window screen, skittishly ramming his head into the window each time. We're not planning to stop him anytime soon.
Ashley and Reagan had a book exchange - they played hot potato with the books and when the music stopped on them they got to open a book. Great idea - so much better than all the usual junk that comes home!
Regardless to say, I am now heeding my soul’s request and taking a personal sabbatical for two weeks until May 21st. I’ll be listening, being and at that time will reassess.
A few weeks ago the ballet teacher said she was still too small to do ballet on pointe. Popps went home and decided to make her own. She filled an old pair with stones found some material and got to work, apparently they are very comfortable.
One day, and I don't know when, Treston will realize that he only gets to be the leader once a week, and he'll have to be okay with that until God adds another day to the week. For now, this system holds nicely.
I was searching for a glimpse of the boy I used to be
I caught Bonnie Raitt on Colbert last night doing a lovely cover of Gerry Rafferty's Right Down the Line. Raitt and Colbert first discussed her 1974 album Streetlights and how she popularized John Prine's classic "Angel from Montgomery." I had no clue it was Raitt who gave "Angel" it's first bit of fame. John Prine released the song in 1971 on his self-titled debut album. It was then recorded in 1972 by Carly Simon, but the Elektra record executives didn't like it, so her version wasn't released until her 1995 box set Clouds in My Coffee. (I may have to agree with Elektra on this one. Her version is, well, odd. And very 1970s rock.) John Denver recorded "Angel" in 1973 for his album Farewell Andromeda. But it was Raitt's 1974 version that made the song widely known. Maybe it needed a woman's voice for people to get it.
Why have I fallen…gotten up…and fallen again?
I have the impression his statements have been cathartic: many of us have been feeling this way for 30 years. But it needed a grand maestro to step up and speak out about some of the idiocies that have gone on in the name of "historical correctness" before anyone would take it on board.
Born: March 23rd,1968
We have a bumper prize package this month in celebration of our anniversary worth in excess of £50.
It should be about athletic achienvement and artistry and encouragement. Something to look forward to. If it becomes a chore, if it becomes about winning and beating everyone else, you might want to reevaluate things. These girls don’t just skate together, they go to school together, run into each other at the mall. You want them to bond, to go to the movies together, to have parties and sleepovers together. They’re still little girls growing up, worried about when to wear makeup and jewelry, picking out the right clothes, talking to the wrong boy. They have homework and projects and siblings and family stuff going on. They don’t need more pressure. Skating should be affirming and a challenge but never an obstacle.
So far I’ve got 28. See what you think and if you have a good idea for the last two, make a suggestion below. Those that I like will make it on to the list.
I can't believe it's here already, but I'm glad it is. Things are really going to take off on the allotment this month. But for today, I'll just continue with another catch up post...
Mr. de Guindos was speaking after a cabinet meeting where the government signed off the annual economic report it must submit to the European Union. The so-called Stability Program report forecasts Spanish gross domestic product will grow by 0.2% in 2013 and by 1.4% in 2014 after contracting by 1.7% in 2012 and that unemployment will fall to 24.2% in 2013.
· Though the immersion circulator is a universal kitchen tool today, Clio started using it 12 years ago to create a slow-poached egg that playfully combines salty, sweet and earthy flavors
But there’s the question of calculating risk versus benefit, he said. “If we’re taking a highly lethal virus and making it more transmissible, it’s a tough judgment… These sorts of decisions should be made in advance of the research being done, not when the papers are ready for publication.”
Mary Kostakidis, chair of the Sydney Peace Foundation, said governments around the world sought Dr Shiva’s counsel on issues of sustainable development. “Vandana Shiva’s work highlights the fundamental connection between human rights and the protection of the environment,” Ms Kostakidis said. “She offers solutions to some of the most critical problems posed by the effects of globalisation and climate change on the poorest and most populous nations.”
Zachary: Oh my God. That is amazing. Where does he come up with this stuff?
In the end I don’t know if I helped anyone as much as I could have. I couldn’t give stateless individuals ID cards to allow them freedom of mobility and reduce their risk of exploitation. I couldn’t take them to the countries they dream of visiting. I couldn’t send them to universities. I couldn’t give them opportunities to thrive in jobs they dream of having. And in the end, I can leave and they must stay. I leave hoping that my small efforts had some slight impact. That the small efforts of all of us have slight impacts that once conflated equal something much larger than ourselves. In the end, it is what it is. We do what we can and we move forward. We cross paths with many people along the way and hopefully something transpires within that. My only regret is that I couldn’t do more. That I couldn’t build schools or pay for these bright girls to go to college. That I couldn’t distribute passports and fistfuls of cash to all the stateless people who lack mobility and opportunity. That I couldn’t change a system of inequality and exploitation for these people who have taught me so much and changed my life in ways I never imagined. I wish each and every one of you the best of luck on your journey through this life – Tan, Key, Tip, Top, Inkaew, Khawn Mai, Mabina, Peh, Nui, Nuan, Diamond, Tone, Tony, Raam, Rome, Peh, Tim, Pam, Cheer, Arm, Christiano, Pinky. Never give up on your dreams even if they seem impossible. Nothing is impossible with enough determination. And no one said you had to play by the rules! Each and every one of you have taken residence in my heart and I carry you with me. N
I know it’s about 45 minutes long but I urge you to watch it. It contains some really cool footage and some great eye-opening research.
Prep The Papers For Sewing
Flash Lite 3.0
