so i'm hoping i don't run into any tension issues.
Here are a few Instagrams from my weekend:
7.) doesn’t matter
Sounds like a good plan.
"Luke is working a double shift so that double date idea won't work."
I know what I know, I talk the talk, and for a short while I walk the walk – but when all is said and done, very little has gotten done with me. I have achieved less than mediocrity. At this point, the voice tells me mediocre would bee an accomplishment worthy of celebration.
Hostel
Yesterday I was talking to my friend Scottie about girls. He informed me that all girls are the same, well most girls. I wasn’t offended because in some ways he is completely right. Girls don’t know what to do with themselves. Girls have emotions, feelings, and they let everyone know that. Some girls wear dresses and heels and some wear sports bra and yoga pants, but in the end we all have high pitch voices and all have hearts so yes, we all are the same. Since I’ve met Scott, I’ve looked at people alot differently. I don’t judge them but I try to figure out their story. Maybe it’s because when I looked at Scott I didn’t know his story till I got to know him well. Maybe that’s why I am called a creep, who knows? With all my new friends I looked at them and tried to imagine what their story was. Were they ever in love? Are they married with two kids? are they a virgin? All these questions run through my mind when I meet perticular people.I pick people to be my friends I believe because I can’t figure them out when I meet them. I know when I met Scott I couldn’t figure him out. He didn’t blatantly tell a story through his eyes. As I got to know him, he story was simple. He was a guy, who had a family, had a past and had some scars and in due time, would get more in my prensents .
~Author Unknown~
The world is a very different place now. Film, music, TV. Everything is available at the drop of a switch. Jammy. jammy, jammy bastards, the kids of today. Telly programmes were shown once or twice and then gone forever. There were no videos or DVD's. If you wanted to watch a film, you had to go to the cinema or wait five years until it was shown on TV.
To find the dance of compassion
“Being is called the mother of all things.”
Damask Rose
At the time, ASP Classic was still being heavily used, and I had enough chops to build basic pages. I was also becoming interested in PHP. All I needed was a data format.
Roubini argues that an orderly default and exit from the euro, although inevitably imposing extreme hardships on the Greek working class for a period, would be preferable to the "slow disorderly implosion of the Greek economy and society". He argues that there should be international, coordinated action to recapitalise the banks and other financial institutions suffering losses on their Greek loans. Moreover, international banks should step in to recapitalise the Greek banks, which would also suffer massive losses on Greek government bonds.
Got ahead of the curve at work
.d.l.g.
I for one do not see or understand why the black community would be all up in arms because Mary J. Blige was singing in that ad and it contained references to chickens, or chicken sandwiches, or chicken something. I’m not quite sure what part of a chicken the ad was for or if any mention of what the chickens ethinticity was.
Did you KNOW that I am a
The countries that border Italy like France and Austria also has an influence over Italian cuisine. Other foreign influences include Spain, England, and Arabic countries. These countries engaged specific areas of Italy throughout history.
A dark cloud now looms over the sport, with some extremists calling for the total abolishment of the ‘people’s race’.
the operation meeting barely 60%
Read chapter 9 of Lord of the Flies.
I usually listen to him. I usually agree. I usually don’t send it out.
-Becoming angry enough about the food system to remember why I started Eighty Sixed in the first place.
When I was a kid I made a mixed CD of tracks that relaxed me to sleep but I can’t find the disc to check out what songs I had of it, I’d tip that the likes of Sarah McLoughlin would be on it though.
For years and years the Brazilian beetles were all very proud to wear green and gold coats like that of the beetle who raced with the rat.
Then, with angry eyes burning like fiery copper, he deftly arrested the dangerous son of Gautama and bound him in ropes like an animal.
17. Only One
Frivolous architectural wonders
The better your instincts, the more money you'll earn. BUT, only the most popular diner will leave the table with the prize money...
Or ‘Limited version’. There are two DVD’s and a CD with this release. The first DVD has the concert on it (around 140 minutes) and the second DVD has the backstage shots(?) which is about 20 minutes. The CD tracklist is…
Go gnash your teeth and do your name calling and judgmental jumping to conclusions (on quite limited evidence) on your own bandwidth.
So many, too many people, are plagued by bad habits and during the commute home I learnt something new - that I can self-talk my way out of things. And if the battle is in the mind, talking positive will be harder than it sounds. But, I will do it anyways!
When the worry starts creeping in, I focus on my little boy and remember he's watching from above and taking good care of his growing sibling.
Lotus has already revealed the nature of the vehicle to be a closed-cockpit coupe, built to 2011 ACO LMP2 specification. Initial plans indicate the car will make its competitive debut next year, with an all-out attack on the 24 Hour planned for 2012.
1/2 cup fat-free sour cream
“Because in a few minutes there will be a backlog of cars, and we’ll never get out of there.”
I. Shit. You. Not.
01-Look at That Left Coast
Some debates never go anywhere. Since Hilary Rosen spoke out last week on national television asserting that Ann Romney has never worked a day in her life, cries of outrage have aired 24/7 in the media. As a stay-at-home mom raising five children, Ms. Romney certainly does work. The point, Ms. Rosen said half-apologetically, isn’t that stay-at-home mothers don’t work, but that some women are in a position to make a choice, while others are restricted by their economic position–they must work outside the home to make ends meet.
I was just reading about how excited Robert Pattinson (he of Twilight fame) was at the prospect of meeting David Tennant (he of Dr Who fame) and how he was hoping for a ride in the Tardis, and was chuckling at the incredulity of it all when I remembered something.
Let’s begin.
i'm going to post the blog address here with one condition. The people who write the blog are American missionaries who have lived in Haiti for a long time. They believe in God. So if you are opposed to either of those things - DO NOT READ IT. Move on and find one that will suit you. But do not leave comments or remarks on their blog that tries to debate what they do or how they operate with their views on God. They have been through hell and back and to be petty and trite is not appreciated.
Jolly Pumpkin Autumn Fire '07
So my question is this: What do you do with the “structural freedom” to do have? I live in the USA, and we have an unprecedented level of structural freedom. Our culture so highly values choice and freedom that in most grocery stores one can discover a dozen choices for simple items like milk, butter, eggs, cheese and a entire aisle devoted only to bread!
0835: Here we are again waiting to go in and although I am tired I can’t wait to see what today will bring.
-from above
A complete load of crap,
Re: Caiaphas’ prophesy “that Jesus will die for the Jewish nation .. and also for the scattered children of God, to bring them together and make them one.” Little did he know. Caiaphas thought Jesus’ death would simply prevent Roman retaliation on the ever-obstinate Jews (a political interpretation), but Jesus’ death was actually intended to save people from their bondage to sin (a spiritual meaning). The scattered children of God refer not to the Jewish settlements spread throughout the Roman Empire, as Caiaphas thought, but to all the gentiles who will receive the message of God and become believers. So basically (according to John and the notes, anyway) Caiaphas gave a legitimate prophecy, but whereas Caiaphas thought it was a purely political message, it was actually a purely spiritual message. Or something like that.
Because I played to horrible last week I figure let's do it again because it couldn't be any worse for me. So once again I'm willing to look foolish for you guys as a punching bag. Sunday 9am Avenue F, because who's really gonna care 100 years from now.
As a result of the FOI Act (and MP Tom Watson’s shrewd request for further information) we know a lot more about the activities of one bent private detective during that same period. His name is Stephen Whittamore, and in 2005 he went to jail for umpteen misuses of other people’s computers – a practice known in Fleet Street (but rarely written about) as ‘blagging’.
= Sarah Palin is threatening violence against Democrats!
Eamon is annoyed that he has sent lots of information about the situation in Springfield to Governor Romney but receives nothing but fundraising letters in response. Eamon also said that Charlie Ryan told him that he has been approached by the FBI and questioned but claimed that he told them nothing. Ryan asked Eamon how long ago he thinks the corruption probe is covering and Eamon told him probably at least ten years. Eamon said he tried to get Ryan to tell him more details about his encounter with the FBI but he said that as usual Charlie was all one way - he gathers information but doesn't dish any out.
Not only do I get propositioned in the loos at a night club in Stockwell, now I’m being frottaged on the train from Vauxhall to Clapham Junction at 0716 in the morning!!!! On a bloody Sunday!
1 gates
My grandad named his hunting rifle "Patience" as a reminder of and to encourage that virtue.
before I went to bed and she stayed off it.
Revolution 2020 is a love story set in Varanasi, India. Three childhood friends grow up with both the boys in love with the one girl. It’s the usual good triumphing over bad kinda thing with the rampant corruption in India providing backdrop. It is an uncomplicated story that doesn’t delve deep into the characters but you do get a clear and realistic portrayal of what they’re about.
This list is pretty reflective of my current appetite, but with summer around the corner, I am on a hunt to track down more and more IPA's and Belgians. It will be interesting to revisit this category in a few months and see how my tastes have changed, or "matured"
I am doing the couch to 5K program. I just started this past Monday ... so I am closer to the "couch" end of this thing but I am determined to get to the point where I can run the whole 5K race. Tonight I went out with my neighbor Kelly, who is also training. I have to say, it is much more fun to run with a buddy!
Miscellaneous: Tim Holtz distress ink stamp pad Frayed Burlap; pearls from my stash
Backstage Secrets
Huge improvement, but still a giant pain. At least she isn’t destroying the house with it. Since the cone is soft, we can fold back parts of it, making it easier for her to eat and drink. (Hmmm, therefore making it easier for her to much on a Hex Bug, a bracelet and a Beyblade.) The hardest part for Prudy is that she has to be in the backyard on a leash. What she doesn’t realize is that this is much harder for me, since I hate to be outside. (Unless the weather is perfect and there are no bugs, then I love it.) Pru loves to be outside, she could sit in her sun spot all day if you let her. She likes to do her terror runs, play, bark, etc. Since she is supposed to stay “calm” (I can’t even write that without rolling my eyes), we have to take her out there on the leash. Did I mention I hate to be outside? Especially when it’s muddy. And cold.
I will hold you
This weekend, the Mister and I bought a four drawer vertical filing cabinet. We don't have an office in this house, so we tucked it in the closet in the boys' room.
In his eyes you see no pride
Tribal Resources Grant Program - Improve public safety and enhance community policing capacity
But it is Maddow’s error that I’m concerned with here. Though our current president may cause us to forget it, most politicians are not known for their fluency of speech (see: Dan Quayle, Dwight Eisenhower, Lyndon Johnson, Sarah Palin, Joe Biden or, most obvious, good ole Dubya). So we may forgive Paul’s lack of eloquence. Further, anyone who knows his father will be unsurprised by his ideological inflexibility. That inflexibility torpedoed Ron’s White House shot and it will likely do the same to Rand’s Senate run.
They propose to change Section 4, Article II of the state constitution to read:
Since NBA fans already know what they’re getting on Christmas, this should not spoil the surprise too much. Here is a game by game prediction of what will unfold in the NBA on Christmas Day. Enjoy.
Signed everything she put in front of him.
Or go visit her store in Fort Greene, Brooklyn! It's down the street from Spike Lee's Forty Acres and A Mule Production Company front. Cool.
In an effort to counteract this, individuals (most of whom are either ironically or fittingly outside of the political sphere) have tried to either revert or adapt their ideologies to ‘traditional values’ in an effort to try to woo disillusioned ‘small-c’ conservatives and social conservatives back to the fold. The first of these was Phillip Blond’s ‘Red Tory‘ ideal – a sort of renewed Conservatism for the post-Thatcherist. But what has been the most intriguing, certainly from the perspective of an English nationalist is the ‘Blue Labour’ permutation.
It's very rare to get inspired by one's own work, but this doll made me want to dress up in dots and a bow, dark make-up and dolly lashes. The scarf is an old flea-market find and the corset is even more old, I sewed it when I was 15 and it's very obscure. :D The fabric is recycled from my mom's old 80's fabric, and the funny thing is that the corset still fits me, after all these years and extra pounds. And it hasn't shown any signs of decay, so weird!
Song of the day. Lupe Fiasco – All Black Everything
Of times once lived but twice lost.
though you are small among the clans of Judah,
In this time when nearly every gay male couple seems to be thinking about adoption, there’s an understandable refusal to address gay male frustration at our sometimes ineffectuality in being able to protect or reach a younger generation of gay men from the very hurts we once experienced. Through the bleak closure of this poem, Wilson begins to address it. You don’t need to go much further than the poetry spotlight on the Lambda Literary website to see other examples of such exciting complexities from L. Lamar Wilson that will build an undeniably great first book.
What I love about fantasy is that there are so many varied ways to use magic and the fantastic. Every author finds new and different ways to color the worlds they create with the supernatural. There's a huge range of possibilities from low magic settings to high magic settings and everything in between.
The 25th Stuttgart Film Festival incorporating the Festival for Expnaded Media runs from 19 to 22 Film in January 2012 in Stuttgart, Germany. The festival promotes an interdisciplinary approach to film, visual arts and new media. It is a combination of multimedia installations, video art, screenings of feature, documentary and short films.
you are never cold like February;
It has been a struggle for me 'finding time' to read the Bible and pray daily. I have struggled for multiple reasons, but finding time has been a huge one.
The neck in the 'Surgeon's Photo' is also just about the same size as Grant had reported. I add another comparison with the Rhines AAS underwater head and neck photo, of similar proportions but estimated as twice the size, and then another comparison with the Rhines head and neck to another reconstruction of Cryptoclidus.
The development community needs to embrace the new challenge of uncovering the most effective ways in which to develop IP exports for maximum impact on poverty alleviation. The products exist and can be stimulated. The markets exist. The IP laws, although somewhat disadvantageous to developing countries, are available for enforcement in the developed markets. Fair trade interventions offer the needed model for market access and delivery systems that ensure that revenues from IP exports do alleviate poverty.
Furthermore we are an Easter People, a group who are formed by the Resurrection. Richard Rohr says:
every suitcase I could find and stowed everything of value. Books. Pictures of
The store's accounting department did not find money missing from its safe. Employees believe the shoes had been purchased and returned, The Stuart News reported.
Visit the rest of the Baker's Dozen to see more baby projects today! Tomorrow is RELEASE DAY and everything we've been showing you will be available for purchase at 8am Pacific! We hope you'll stop back!
Please forgive any mis-spellings, a few of the keys are not cooperating.
Thompson then went on to note, “I’m sorry, I don’t like saying these things because it sounds like I’m sexist, but it’s the facts of life.”
The 13th annual San Juan Brewfest takes place Saturday in downtown Durango. Some 25 breweries are expected to attend the annual celebration of craft beer.
I have had an awesome year living alone for the first time in my life & truly being independent.
The story is told in several narrative layers and as it progresses you begin to see parallels between the lives of David Zimmer and Hector Man; both are broken, both are profoundly sad, both are guilt ridden and both are doing penance from events of random but tragic circumstance.
I thought I was done a dozen times, but his comprehension just split again without warning every time.
Graham McIntosh of the Democratic Party said: "Selebi has the potential to be an outstanding commissioner of police. It is a pity ... that he has now become embroiled in controversy and possible prosecution."
06 Just Like Anyone
thinking out loud
Writing to a deadline means that you have to be far more disciplined with yourself, and I've had to get my act together a lot more than I did with Changeling (which I wrote here-and-there whenever I could fit the writing in). Now I try to write in the mornings after I have dropped the kids at school, when I am at my most productive.
Dianne: "Is this a Black Forest Cake? I really like the cherries and the chocolate together."
I've followed and loved Kelle Hampton's blog, Enjoying the Small Things, ever since I read her story in Parents magazine a few years back. Her youngest daughter was born with Down Syndrome and she shares the very honest feelings and emotions she experienced upon finding out. And a lot more. I love her writing style, pics and outlook on life. Can't wait to read this book!
Sudbury is a very interesting place to visit if you'd like to explore the Canadian Shield, the history of nickel mining and enjoy the science centre. I thoroughly enjoyed my time spent here!
Another site that has impressed me is thelinconite.co.uk. Set up by three students who struggled to find work after leaving university, it has a readership of 15,000 and has even launched an Iphone application. It was started only in May last year and is already providing strong competition for the local newspaper, the Lincolnshire Echo.
Bitters, Pale & Golden Ales
Lola: Beware, V (smiles directly into her eyes) I am not afraid to touch.
The book is not only a document that illustrates the richness and variety of the Brazilian comfort food cuisine but also a city-guide that takes you on a tour around the life style of a beautiful people who lives surrounded by fresh water, music and dance. I can't wait to try some of the other recipes.
A police spokesman said three policemen were carrying out a routine head-count of prisoners about 6pm on Saturday when they were suddenly attacked and overpowered by 10 prisoners.
If you spend the $1.29 and listen to this track you'll hear Jones feeding Charles his lines. You'll hear Charles wrestle with them and then with his demons. Then you'll hear the lines soar with the pain of life, loss and love.
And a quick tutorial:
This year I think will be a little different. Of course I have those goals I will work towards, but I'm a lot more realistic about how much I'll actually accomplish. In years past, I always feel like I'll have time and energy and motivation to meet my goals, although it rarely ever happens.
Sci Fi - Space! (and being a writer, space opera)
PRESENTATION/INFORMATION DELIVERY: I recommend Keynote. You can create your own slideshows for kids to view and then small groups can see you slideshow and interact with notes, etc… these can be loaded onto the iPad for student use through a site like Dropbox. Click here for more information about this app.
~I received this book for free from WaterBrook Multnomah Publishing Group for this review.~
Their household begins at the bottom of this page and continues at the top of the next, where my Mom and Auntie, Daisy & Dorothy Schwartz, are listed.
Entry £7 per boat.
The building and site will be sustainably designed to meet the standards of the U.S. Green Building Council’s (USGBC) Leadership in Environmental and Energy Design (LEED) program.
I gently touch the car to ensure that she’s ready for insertion.
Orchardgrass is not only more shade tolerant, but also can handle a wide range of soil pH and is more resistant to drought, and heat than Timothy, Kentucky Bluegrass, or even Smooth Bromegrass. While it may stop growing or go dormant in these conditions, it springs back quickly with a bit of watering and Nitrogen.
If you send all the above papers to us at least two months before the marriage date we will be able to carry out the whole bureaucratic process for you. We will also make sure that the Priest or responsible Government official who conducts civil weddings in Tanzania will be at Ras Mbisi in order to conduct the official ceremony
He'd bought some records.
The last day of our east coast tour was a tough day – my knee, which had been acting up the day before, got much worse as the day wore on. Anna graciously took the lead, and I drafted behind all the way to Hualien.
06/20 - Concord, CA Sleep Train Pavilion
SUZANNE BASS, JACKSONVILLE RESIDENT: Suzanne Bass, I’m an attorney in Jacksonville. Welcome to the great city of Jacksonville.
c) Listen and Answer
A timelesss tradition of honor, bravery, and romance. … tales of mediaeval warfare … spell-binding. Charming and seductive … . — Lorraine Tolliver, New Mirage Quarterly
Onion - 1 (big)
Good to know.
So I went back to the main treatment campus and checked out some videos on the guidelines of treatment. Seven hours worth. Think I don't know my sh*t? I sure as hell will by tomorrow. Then I cried in the car, dried my eyes, and headed back to her office 30 minutes later. Let's do this.
“United 93″ is a simply told, near-documentary look at how that fire in the field came to be. As I said above, the film has no message, but if you — as I finally did — choose to go, it will pose you a question: What would you do, an ordinary person in an extraordinary moment when life and death, good and evil, were as clear as the skies over America on September 11? Will you, as so many of our fellow citizens yearn to do these days, stay seated? Or will you stand up?
For more of November, though, I've been working on various projects for work and little time to focus on NaNoWriMo, sadly. I only began participating in NaNoWriMo in 2007, but somehow this year, November has been a little crazier than in the previous two years.
Queen Kamla accuses the Keith of Rowley of using race card.
The course was a little muddy, so I had a nice layer of mud on the bottom of my shoes for the majority of the run that threw off my stride. It was a for a good cause and I enjoyed doing the 5k. On the course, there was one spot on the course when we got color thrown on us. At the end of the race, we got our own color packets to throw. It was pretty cool. Below are the before and after photos.
The fire burned in the community-minded Robert Rauschenberg. He painted and printed, collaged and collaborated his way through countries bringing friendship and interesting the people in their own cultural heritage and future. Where is this fire today?
Polly Pocket® DC Comics Villains Set ($19.99)
anyway, a few weeks ago it suddenly hit........I AM GETTING OLD.....now I am not very old yet (the ripe old age of 33). Now you may be wondering why I began thinking of my age. Last week my uncle died and it hit me that in fact I am old enough to be losing my aunts and uncles, and it`s scary.......the other thing is that my daughter will be turning 16 this month, how scary is that......I cannot believe that I am old enough for all this to be happening.
walls and flooring to get at the copper piping. When the tenants replied asking for
I finally completed a trade last week with blog reader Brendan, who had sent an email to my g mail account a while ago. You know the one that I apologized to everyone a couple of weeks back on the blog because I don't check it? Yea, that one.
Since I have never used commercial waxes before, I’m not sure if there are any cons. :/
“No mom! I’m not complaining again, just look. That girl doesn’t even have a filter on, isn’t that weird?” she called back with head turned from the window this time. She only turned back to the window when she heard her mother’s chair slide back away from her desk.
This day though was Friday. Their time would not be for three days and everything was ready for the night. Anticipation tantalized even the failing sun and it gave its very best, twinkling and fanning fat rays over the horizon as it moved on to bring warmth and hope to new places. As the sun fell, cold air, pulled behind or following wishfully came forth, completing the darkness and serving as crisp refreshment and challenge for all to bring their own heat into this night.
On some synths, it can be made to shift using a trick called 'pulsewidth modulation' which produces a slow sweeping effect that adds interest to the sound.
Goal #2 ~ Yeah, working on the 3rd draft of my picture book SWITCHING DAYZZZ.... just didn't happen. *See goal #1*
I am so blessed to have a husband like him! I look forward to the rest of our lives together.
does things that make you wonder if he’s really being the best example. I know we all have our things we are working on but I’ve lost all respect for this assistant.
Ferment Temp: start at 66 for 4 days then 68F
About 500 people are gathered around the training offices of Local Union 46, the union representing metallic lathers and reinforcing ironworkers, to hand in their applications on Monday.
Should it be the case that just anyone should be allowed
is perverse, more so, leaving their own children to please their new found love.
Editor’s note: The following is advice from CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris on steps you can take when a tornado watch or a tornado warning is issued in your area.
Hageman JR. Congenital and perinatal tuberculosis:Discussion of difficult issues in diagnosis and management. J Perinatology 1998; 18: 389-394.
It's a day to celebrate love. Everyday leading up to this day this year I have tried to shower my little munchins with as much love as possible. To remember to take a moment & a deep breathe when I am about to scream. I have also been working hard on making cards to celebrate.
1/4c. minced fresh herbs- I used cilantro and parsley
8. Be Gay (01:28)
D.H: Oops, Giants fumble, they recover. Driving, nuts! 4th down, field goal. (17-15).
I created two different types of holiday cards this year! Every year, we typically have our picture taken professionally..but this year with zero time I figured we would just use one of the pictures taken from our Gender Reveal Party!
2. Jimmy (Christiansen) 3:47
Texas middle and high school authors and illustrators are encouraged to register with SPOT's Texas Author and Illustrator Directory. Note: you qualify if you currently live in Texas, have lived in Texas in the past or have created a Texas setting/topic book.
The whole experience was so fun!! My Mom decided she didn't want to go with us and majorly regretted her decision once Kelsie and I left for the theatre.
Marcia Hoffman, 52, New York, N.Y.
“I have been so lucky to have crossed paths with Cinderella, an icon who is so emblematic to the shoe world as well as the dream world,” said Louboutin to WWD
Thankfully, Riley and Zoey "helped" with the assembling.
Most Israelis I consider to be chumps or victims of these people.
The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight by Jennifer E. Smith on Wednesday, and
An Interview with Deborah Hopkinson, Author of Titanic: Voices from the Disaster
Let’s see how it goes…
I’ve been staring at our wordpress.com site for a few months now, figuring out how and what to update on. I think in our world of endless information/stimulation, it’s hard to make something “news worthy” these days, no?
Amidst this maelstrom of desperation and decay, one that emits a sort of oddly appealing energy, Shteyngart has created an utterly realistic love story that evokes the doomed relationship between Winston Smith and Julia in Orwell’s 1984. While spending a year in Rome recruiting High Net Worth Individuals for a program of Indefinite Life Extension, Lenny Abramov, a rumpled, overweight 39-year-old and the son of Russian immigrants, meets Eunice Park, 15 years his junior and herself the daughter of Korean immigrants. After Lenny returns to New York, Eunice (for reasons she can’t fully understand) follows him, and the novel traces their unlikely relationship as it plays out against the city’s increasingly grim landscape. Perhaps nothing symbolizes the cultural and emotional gulf separating the pair than their relationship to books, or “media artifacts,” disdained by Eunice’s contemporaries for their moldy smell (Lenny sprays his copy of WAR AND PEACE with Pine-Sol). “People just aren’t meant to read anymore,” Eunice tells him as he tries to engage her in a Milan Kundera novel. “We’re in a post-literate age. You know, a visual age.”
The Obama administration has asked for grand jury records and court proceedings related to the investigation of the murder of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry to be sealed, and a federal judge has agreed. We do not know why they have been sealed, as the judge’s decision itself has been sealed. However, this apparently came in the wake of a Washington Times report that the drug smugglers who were involved in the shootout with the Border Patrol were actually on patrol, hunting to kill Border Patrol agents. According to Judicial Watch:
5) Pipe the mixture on to a tray with baking paper on. Do 1 inch dollops and space them out nicely.
4) Add salt and a final stir, ready to serve.
This new blog is to pay homage to the fact that life happens. And rarely according to plan, particularly ours. I believe that God has a plan for us all, though, and sometimes that means stops, yields and complete detours on the paths we set out upon in order to remain in accordance with His will.
See you in December.
The Obsessed - Lunar Womb (1991). Scott "Wino" Weinrich's band prior to St. Vitus was The Obsessed, based out of Maryland. When The Obsessed's original album from the early 80s was finally released in 1990, Wino left St. Vitus, pulled together a new rhythm section, and called this new band The Obsessed. This is the second Obsessed album, therefore, but it's the first with the band as it was comprised in the 90s. Anyway, it's typically great doom metal, like most everything Wino does. And the cover, one of Goya's dark period paintings, is metal as fuck all.
Where you ought to be.
 Hard Copy- Commentary with Director David Prior
A blogger hears about a debut novel that will be released several months down the line that they like the sound of. They look it up to find out a bit more about it and come across the author's website. Deciding that this is a book they think they will enjoy, and therefore also think they will enjoy what the author has to say, they follow the author on Twitter, after finding the author's username on their website. This author tends to be pretty active on Twitter about various things, and blogger responds to some tweets. The author replies. After a while, the author and the blogger respond to each others tweets quite a bit. They're not the bestest of buddies, but the author knows of and talks to the blogger. Then the blogger received the author's review copy from the publisher.
The temporary aid will shore up the accounts of main power utility PPC, allowing it to maintain operations and reimburse other suppliers of electricity and natural gas on whom the smooth functioning of the country’s energy system depends.
are discriminated more than other muslims. In some aspects they are; this black muslim raised her hand and talked about how she often has three things working against her: her race, gender AND religion.
I LOVE linking up with my bloggy bff Jessica for Smell the Roses this weeks task is
xo isa
I would suggest you start communicating with me with at least some respect, no matter what you feel; trust me, I am alarmed about your conduct but I am not going to stoop down and start name calling. As for the Dolls I am truely sorry for them, they're just innocent parties in this whole affair between you and I, I respect them greatly, I was proud to represent them with my cover art, but when you could/ wouldn't meet to your own agreements than I am not going to allow for my own work to be used. Simple as that.
“In some cultures, the name-giving function is a jolly celebration with relatives and neighbours. The baby will be passed around to everyone when it is crying. Sometimes, popular movie actors or politicians are asked to name the babies also, in the middle of a crowd.
18And the Lord sent out from before us all the peoples, the Amorites living in the land: so we will be the servants of the Lord, for he is our God.
Two, I don't want to excuse errors - where they are in fact errors, as opposed to differing interpretations. And I'm not here to defend the OCB's entry on the yard of ale. I actually agree with Martyn that the original yard of ale entry in OCB looks like it's wrong, though I believe that it's the result of a simple confusion with the 'stirrup cup', which is a similar shape to the yard, but smaller - still wrong and in need of correction, but not exactly the biggest controversy ever to rear its beery head.
Jay Kuhnie – President
The municipality’s IT officer should also face disciplinary charges over the employment of his fiancée at the municipality.
Yes, thanks to this kind of valuable, high-end merchandise, and the Thugs of the Reynoldsburg Walmart Parking Lot, I had been spending more and more time at Target.
c ) Cell phone photos are by nature ugly, and Instagram helps them look cool. One of the problems with choice "a" is that it tends to ignore the long history of nostalgia. We didn't suddenly get nostalgic when computers were invented. Trust me, I'm restraining myself from giving the entire history of nostalgia here. I spent 5 years putting together an exhibit called "Nostalgia & Technology" and I'm writing a book on the topic that deals with everything from sewing machines to cell phones (if you're inclined to read academic stuff, feel free to check out my article in the Journal of Popular Culture. It's fairly readable, considering the genre.) But where was I? Oh yeah, the problem of assuming that we suddenly got nostalgic. Did anyone out there see Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris? (If you didn't, you should, it's very charming). Was I the only one who was not shocked to learn that someone in the roaring twenties might think that the belle époque was better (and so on, into the past)? We love past-ness. Choice "a" only gets interesting when you get into specifics—you know, compare/contrast with all of the other historical examples of nostalgia.
That's right, Holly is a Cow. Holly for Holly the Holstein, not like Holy Cow, but the other morning when I said "Say hi to Holly cow." I figured it out and started to snicker.
My dear, several notes:
Conor believes in the power of images to tell stories and create change. His passion for social justice was awakened after volunteering in Cambodia at age 16. Then at the age of 18, Conor fell in love with photography as a way of telling stories.
I noticed earlier this month that I Love Franklin Ave's 500th post was going to fall almost exactly on the blog's 2nd birthday, and I'd be lying if I claimed that it all worked out by sheer coincidence. At any rate, here you have it: post #500 on October 22nd, 2010, exactly two years after the very first post ran - it was the photo above, with the heading "Franklin and Dean: Signal Malfunction or Anti-Gentrification Message" (if nothing else, ILFA's subject material remains somewhat consistent).
pulled free to be free
To the Person who swapped a pair of bikini cut briefs for grandma panties in the 5 pack (of larger than normal, thanks for asking) I bought this week at Target,
"All things in moderation, including moderation."
Lindsay Headed Back to Jail
Whenever my children reach any milestones, I always end up thinking about Yasminah and how we have missed out on these sorts of things with her. We will never see her take her first steps or run with her brother and sisters. It makes me sad.
Here it is: In a “virtual stone age” where the Farmers Almanac is still being printed, in a world brought down by “progressiveness” and “men becoming more feminine” fifty year old David Johnson, his wife, son and army buddies (don’t ask, don’t tell) fend off hording marauders, all while having fun “poking the bear”.
a few cobblestoned feet away. Unlike many places in North America, to enjoy a delicate cake in an European outdoor yet smoke-free café, was challenging at times. There, the unholy trinity of smoking, coffee and cake, was harder to break.
The only bad part of the morning for me was picking up a black garbage bag in an abandoned lot that had 3 snakes under/in it. I had to shake out the two that were still in the bag, and later found a very small dead snake in a different spot. I was so grateful it was only 40* outside, as the snakes were barely moving because they were so cold! And there were small, but STILL! SNAKES!
Someone has to have their first dance to the song that plays during the slideshow, it is called Waiting for my Real Life to Begin by Colin Hay.
Rupert Brooke personified the English moment that died on the Western Front and was never recovered. Even though Edward VII was dead by then, Brooke exemplified the Edwardian period, when the tide of British power was at the flood, and when the arts in Britain were still burning with their last bright flare before the slide into decadence and narcissism and Modernism.
4 TB of soft coconut oil
Next? A full grown elephant? A python?
Also, I bought eggs and egg whites for omelets, scrambles and poached eggs, and some greek yogurt (which I also use in place of sour cream – seriously, betcha’ can’t tell the difference;) Some people do not do well on dairy and it may be something to consider cutting/reducing in your diet if you are looking to lose body fat. Dairy – even the greek yogurt in the photo below – is highly insulinogenic and may interfere with fat-loss for some people. (Great blog post here from Mark’s Daily Apple on “Dairy and Insulin.”) Except for greek yogurt, butter, and cream, I rarely consume dairy anymore because I’ve learned that I do better with less of it. You have to figure out what works for YOU. An awesome alternative to dairy-based milk that is always on my grocery list:
Add some chopped button mushrooms into the mixture, though you can substitute other types of mushrooms of your choice.
“As Mr. Barrios sees it, the dark side works to block fusion through denial and materialism. It also works to destroy those who are working with the light to get the Earth to a higher level. They like the energy of the old, declining Fourth World, the materialism. They do not want it to change. They do not want fusion. They want to stay at this level, and are afraid of the next level.
4. Thinly slice the 1/4 red onion or the red spring onions and toss into the salad along with some freshly chopped oregano or finely ground dried oregano.
The proliferation of rice cookers has experienced an explosion in recent years. However, with a little due diligence, you can find the rice cooker that is right for your needs.
Just a few days ago, many observers outside Mali believed that the CNRDRE junta responsible for ousting President Amadou Toumani Touré (ATT) last month had departed the political scene, having handed control of the state to a civilian government. Events of this past week have shown not only that the junta wants to continue wielding power on Mali’s political scene, but that its leaders are skilled political tacticians.
What some of you may not know...Hazel has been playing along with us since pretty much the beginning of the Shoe! And the absolutelyfabulous card above is our most favorite of all her entries over the past two years! Congratulations Hazel! Please feel free to grab our Shoe of the Week badge from the sidebar!
Of course there was some change, though not many of us still carry mercury head dimes. There were things to fix her hair, like combs, hairpins, ribbons, and hairnets. Buttons, safety pins, mirrors, key chains, pens, a ruler to measure things, and many pieces of paper.
As I am still waiting on a parcel of track to arrive from the UK, work on the helix has come to a standstill. In the meantime, I have been continuing on with some benchwork on the peninsula. As the spline has been approaching the teardrop on the peninsula, the height of the risers has been getting quite high, which I found was resulting in a slightly unstable roadbed foundation, so I decided to build a second layer of joists to strengthen up the construction which in turn will shorten the risers.
And 'tho sometimes to his neighbors, his tales became a joke, all his comrades listened, for they know whereof he spoke.
PEANUT SALAD DRESSING
But....regardless....being able to watch a few intimate minutes in the life of a skunk was a treat.
Limitless
I consider myself to be a fan of Tom Jane’s movies. Most will recognize him from his roles in The Mist, Deep Blue Sea, The Punisher, and Dreamcatcher, all entertaining films that feature a good performance on his part. However, the role he should be known for is his portrayal of Andre Stander. Jane is one of the few actors that can play a tough, macho role as well as very real and dramatic roles, such as Stander and 61* (where he plays the role of Mickey Mantle). His accent was pretty convincing to me, but I have not heard too many South African accents except for Earnie Els and Retief Goosen so I could be wrong. He is very good at conveying the sense of uneasiness his character is feeling on the inside while trying to appear calm and intimidating on the outside. Stander is a very interesting character considering the setting of the film being set in the 1970s before all the advances in security.
-Have you ever been able to feel like a wretched man for things you’ve done?
Behold the beast, for which I have turned back;
Reminder #1 Frugal Friday is still going strong! Pop over and link up your favorite frugal post or just browse through all of the great links.
So what's a man to do? This man is going to "man up" and pay $6.99 every time.
WHAT DREW ME TO EDGE OF SEVEN: I am an international health professional, with a huge itch to travel and a need for constant adventure. With experience across Latin America and Africa, it should come as no surprise that I was drawn to Edge of Seven’s work in Asia combining experiential education, developing world adventure, and community development. Contributing to Edge of Seven presented the perfect opportunity to build out my existing skill sets in community development and creative communications in a brand new environment, Asia. What isn’t to love? Besides, I believe the organization is on the cusp of a very exciting growth spurt, and I’m excited to contribute to the identity development and constituency building that are requisite for success.
We were absolutely exhausted after this, so we headed back to our hotel by 9 p.m. Total cost for our half-day in NYC: about $40 for food (street vendor and bakery/coffee) and $16 for the subway.
All childless people are now thinking, but you have a husband to help don't you? No, I had a husband. The flu has turned the 6'3" man into this:
And ask for what I want
Thank you all, dear friends, for your support and encouragement these 100 days. It is only the beginning!
Also, Porcupine Tree are pretty crazy about being anti-taping. No cameras at all?? Give me a break guys. What I do isn't hurting you in anyway and in fact is probably beneficial in some small way.
Callum should have come out years ago, but getting married seemed like the better idea. When his coworker Brian begins to flirt with him, Callum starts to question his earlier decision. Shortly after his divorce, Callum and Brian start dating. Nothing serious. Just a laugh and a pint or three at the pub.
“Yeah,” Shadow Stalker replied.
Dancer and choreographer
Stomach, tripe, or intestines:
Yesterday, someone knocked on my door. I was expecting a delivery that I had to sign for. Thought it was them only to find myself in that all too familiar uncomfortable spot of being face to face with a salesman. The guy asked how I was doing…1st red flag…Then he was halfway up the sidewalk and I wasn’t sure why until he asked..”We are selling meat and wondered if you had ever bought from us?” I said no and before I knew it he was running back to his truck to grab the other guy and boxes of meat. Didn’t give me one chance to decline. If I had a backbone, I would have shut the door and locked it just then. They pretty much came right through my front door and headed for my kitchen…2nd red flag. I wondered how the guy knew where he was going. This still disturbs me. I kindly told him to come back to my front room. Within seconds flat he had 10 boxes of meat out on the floor pitching numbers and cost faster than you can say, “Bob’s yer Uncle”….3rd red flag. He was trying to trick me into accepting his offer by asking me if I would use it…I thought what kind of stupid question is that. If you buy food, don’t you usually eat it? After he told me that the cost of meat would be $3000 for a 3 months supply, that was it. I told him I did not have that kind of money. Then comes the “My boss will give you a deal” pitch. I hate this by-the-way, it really insults what little intelligence I have. I am thinking to myself, if your boss allows a deal then why are you trying to scam people for double that cost….4th red flag.
Also, while I have you here, I need to buy a suit for the upcoming job. I already have a green pantsuit, but I want to buy a pencil-skirt-and-jacket suit as well. What are good suit colors for 20-something women? I was thinking a taupe or navy but would love your input! And now, for the pins (all taken from my If I Were Fashionable board, hence the post title):
I felt my legs shake watching the reflection turn from the demigod I’d become into a child, curly-haired, innocent and then remolded back into my earthly incarnation, the me writing my secrets into the final pages of this book. I was all of these things now. They were all a part of me now.
bright reality, not soft hues of nostalgia.
Took a train to this place where they sell really cheap apparel... it resembles something like Bangkok's Platinium mall, which is located near East Nanjing Road.
It's the closing of another life chapter, and whether I admit it or not, another chapter my father missed out on. Sure, I am so grateful for all the times we had together, but it's only natural to notice when someone isn't there to mark such a milestone with you.
1-2 TB sesame seeds
But it’s certainly not bringing any comfort to the world-famous auctioneers following allegations it put the statue up for sale despite knowing it had been stolen from a temple in the ancient Khmer capital of Koh Ker, some 120km north-east of Angkor Wat.
To close out the evening (and make way for the next seating) - each chef made a brief speech and plea to help Japan, encouraging diners to bid in the silent auction and to purchase specially designed fundraiser tees. Before departing, mignardises were served at the counter opposite the bar - consisting of green tea macarons, bite-sized marshmallows, and chocolates.
As written on his Choice’s twitter, he is the ‘Producer/Songwriter/Master Chef @ YG Entertainment’. Yep, he’s the ‘ Eh yo Choice!’ that GD says in Bad Boy!
you begin to realize that everything is not about you,
Building A Local Database to Enhance Adult Career Pathways
Today we can look at unarming civilians for instance. The government cannot disarm civilians en-masse. Questions will be asked and people will hide their weapons. But if some unforeseen, emotionally charged deaths should occur, such as a school shooting by a “Lone-nutter” or a kid shooting up a squatter camp with Daddy’s rifle, then there will be an outcry from the public that “Something must be done”. Promptly you supply the solution; a ban on all weapons.
Author Alan Annand has created Axel Crowe, an astrology-savvy hero in Scorpio Rising. In this dramatic tale, three murders take place simultaneously in three separate locations across the USA. Axel Crowe has been hired to investigate one of those murders. At first, all he knows about is the one that took place in New York. The other two murders take place in San Francisco and Los Alamos, New Mexico.
This year, I have been asked to brew something "beer like" for the company Christmas party. So I dusted off the original Abbey Wiezen recipe and tweaked it slightly. I wanted to bump the alcohol percentage up a bit.
‘Stop Kicking’ uses the energy from the previous track to vent the remaining bottled up anger with Ansell taking the lead for the remainder of the record.
I didn’t take a trip to the moon, although a lot of people around me were enjoying floating above its deep craters. I spent most of my time in Gilli swimming in the deceiving ocean whose plain surface of waves rolling to and fro gave no indication of the infinite colors hidden within it. As purple and yellow striped fish swim by, and giant corals hide schools of indigo fish, and where sudden deep drops make valleys on the ocean floor. I wonder who the creator created this great spectacle for? Was it for the sea creatures to enjoy the profusion of colors emanating from each other? Or was it for those who stand on the shore, whom he knew would one day want to explore beneath the endless fluid surface?
Yesterday we had a power cut which sent us looking for air-con and food, and where better to go for comfort food (and internet access) than back to Fat Boys? We were the first customers at 5PM on Wednesday so the service was fast and there was no shortage of drinking water. The food was just as tasty second-time around.
As I said, Hornby’s stories are quite original and certainly entertaining but they have certain values that we all can relate to and characters that you will find yourself loving at the end of the book.
The goons at NOM went especially nuts, launching the DUMP Starbucks boycott. In response, LGBT groups launched a thank-you program. Showing how love can outshine hate, the support page has over 640,000 likes and thank you’s; NOM’s program has barely 30,000. Undeterred, they’ve started an advertising campaign in countries that have Starbucks and have especially bad records for LGBT rights, such as Egypt.
The offerings include patents for Motorola bar code technologies and biochip technology, patents for a Clorox bleach activator and a Ford four-wheel steering system. Also included will be patents from Kimberly-Clark on a new shrink-wrap that the company has decided not to commercialize, as well as 20 patents issued to BellSouth in areas that are no longer part of its core business, such as search-engine technology. The complete list (310 pages) of patents may be purchased from Ocean Tomo here.
At last the sun is shining,
And I watched their back as both of them walked towards their gate.
From the point that we were dropped, we got on local transport into the city. The first thing I noticed was how FAT these people were. This was the city after all, and it was obvious they all had money. There was a teenager that was really nice and showed us to where we needed to go, in order to change mini-bus (called taxi's in SA) to get to the hostel. We were in awe walking around the city. It was an actual city! We felt like we'd re-entered the civilized world.
I started writing in the fourth grade. It was terrible. I tried so hard to write a Goosebumps type book but I made the mistake of abbreviating the title "Scared to Death" to STD, which I'm sure worried my fourth grade teacher just a little. I should publish that book one day, just so people can get a good laugh at all the horrible ways I accidentally used those three letters. Oops! I continued writing all through elementary school, junior high, and high school and finally finished a YA fantasy book in College. It's poorly written so I'll have to go back and fix it but literally right after I finished that one I wrote "The Breakup Artist". So I just haven't really stopped writing since the fourth grade.
Feltz reports that:
I haven't had candy corn for years, but I remember loving them as a kid (I could eat them by the handful). But when I tasted the candy this time, I couldn't believe how they were much too sweet! So I ended up removing most of them when eating the cupcake.
By the way, I am totally guilty of asking annoying questions too but am working on trying to be more sensitive.
rhubarb sparklers
Drive a Lamborghini or Ferrari
“Jeet Kune Do” Jonan replied.
Slice your bread into 1 1/2-2 inch slices. Then using a paring knife, cut a deep slit across the top in the middle of each slice. This will form your pocket. (don't cut all the way through!) Set bread aside.
And without sneering, teach the rest to sneer;
Dalibor Jenis sings Ford in Verdi's Falstaff at the Royal Operas House. Jenis comes from Bratislava, but his good looks are simmeringly Italianate. Pity that in Robert Carsen's production, he's costumed in "ludicrous Texan cowboy disguise". Says Richard Morrison in the Times, "that's doubly sad, because Jenis is the one performer who injects real emotion into this superficial show."
I feel so very lucky and blessed to have had him in my life for so long, and I hope and pray that I can be an inspiration and light to others as he was to me. We all THANK YOU Father Mike for the blessings and inspiration you have shown us and given to us. We will miss you dearly! Happy St. Patrick's Day - celebrate the day in Heaven!!!
King Sisera, Dave informed me after reading through his notes on the place, had nine hundred chariots in his forces, adorned with iron wheel-fittings. Nothing, he said, compared to his love chariot back in his hut on the kibbutz. He was wont to remind me of my poor record in getting laid. For those keeping score, it was something in the order of Dave: 28, Gabby: 0. You could count on Plunger to shift all topics to sex after he'd exhausted his prepared remarks on history. It made for a singular experience amidst far-flung settings like Bethlehem, Caesaria, Tel Aviv, Masada and, much later, South Croydon, California, Washington, and Mexico.
I’m definitely going to be rationing my half a jar.
Red Georgian buildings are my kind of bling.
Also went to Ibiza always luv going there!Just having a great time.Always meeting up with other girls that know where to go (that is a must).Partied at the most bars ,discos and great clubs!
Evil has truly been loosened from its cage, upon humanity.
1 can of white beans
1. Foam Board, like the kind your kids use for last minute school projects, they come in packs
Start a “Beer Fiction” segment. Three Votes.
Jane Austen’s novels are about women, and their lives. Her novels depict interesting, fully realized women worthy of their own stories. Death Comes to Pemberley is Darcy’s story; Elizabeth is a minor character who fulfills the traditional role of supportive woman to her protagonist husband. I was disappointed. The Lizzie I know and love would not have dutifully waited at Pemberley and functioned primarily as a comfort to Darcy. She had her own thoughts and opinions, and while she may have jumped to conclusions, been prejudiced, her flaws make her human and lovable. My Lizzie has spirit and spunk. James’ Mrs. Darcy is none of these things.
Long story short, I had a phone in less than 8 hours, top of the line, and totally paid for by my agency.
- Lemongrass Ginger Truffle
Silli Geirdal – Bass Guitar
God weeps along with man and He takes him by the hand.
I will smile and think of you.
In Hamlin House, Hibbs dashes downstairs to where the servants cluster, roused from their sleep by the sudden hue and cry from Lucy's room. They urgently entreat Hibbs to tell them what's going on, but he is incoherent, raving -- They're coming! They're all around! I go to destroy them!
Sacha Guitry Faisons un Rêve
In a separate bowl, combine cream of chicken soup, reserved spinach broth, milk, green chilies, sour cream, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 1/2 cups of the shredded Monterey Jack cheese. Mix well. Stir half of this soup mixture into the chicken mixture.
Trends can be described as ongoing cultural movements or developments. To continuously stay relevant, brands need to be cognizant of cultural movements that their consumers are part of. Planners from JWT India, along with Ann Mack, Director of Trendspotting, JWT NY, in their effort to help their clients stay relevant in a burgeoning marketplace have identified Indian-metro-specific trends that are shaping the Indian consumers in metros and tier 1, tier 2 cities. The chosen trends focus on the fall-outs of new urban lifestyles, delayed marriages, and new codes of moral conduct.
I think the church tends to miss the point. But people get mad at me for that. I can't lie, like many people, and pretend I believe things that I don't, or that I believe in a way that I don't. And why does anyone care what I think, if they are so close to the Master of All Things?
Okay, so wish me luck! Tomorrow I face the scale, learn where I need to be headed and hopefully get armored up to kick some squishy butt!
In seventeenth French society, as in many other times, the issue that concerned people in their gossip was not whether or not a woman had affairs, but was she discreet. There are three names that are associated with Émilie ’s love life. Although Émilie knew these unwritten rules, at the end of her first affair she broke them in a very indiscreet way. There are a couple of different versions of how it came about, but the result is the same, she attempted suicide. Whether this was an attempt at emotional blackmail or just evidence of her passionate nature, it was thwarted by her lover when he discovered her and got her immediate medical attention.
I love salt. I have always loved salt. My son reminds me sometimes that salt is not a side dish. I don’t listen. I consume vast quantities of salt far above the national average. I am over 100 pounds overweight (but shrinking) and by most estimates, at high risk for high blood pressure and heart disease due to my overconsumption of salt. If you have spent anytime with me at all in the last year, you have probably heard me brag about my medical check up last year. No?!? Let me tell you about it. Cholesterol – 187! Blood pressure – 120 over 75! Sodium, triglycerides, etc. – normal, normal normal! I have to tell you that as the doctor is telling me this, I just started laughing. I told her, “you know, this is just going to validate all my bad behaviors!”
“Livvy, please. Jackson’s a biologist; I’m a physicist. It was doomed from the start. FOCUS on what’s really important here!”
We went through many sticks of white chalk for this step. My neighbor did warn us that the chalkboard would be super messy and she was right! I actually hadn't even thought of that yet (no surprise about that, right?) and I hadn't seen it mentioned anywhere I might have referenced while preparing for this project. The lower, magnetic part of the wall was especially dusty since it has a more gritty/bumpy texture. I may decide later that it creates too much dust and sand down the magnetic paint (which, ironically, will create a lot of dust...and probably a new set of eyes/boobs in our window) which will essentially make it unusable since it won't be strong enough anymore but it'll be a trade off I may be willing to make.
you alone are good. All that is good in me, is because of you Lord! Thank you for adding another facet to my spiritual life, running! Who would have thought? I guess You Lord! Jesus, thank you for always being with me even though I can not physically see you. I feel your presence in my life now more than ever. I am not afraid of those hills in the neighborhood tomorrow! I know that we will get through them together. Through your mighty strength and power I will succeed. Thank you for my book and for the author Corinne. I pray that many would benefit from this training plan which is so wonderfully intertwined with your ultimate training guide, The Bible. Help my body to rest and restore today Lord. Thank you for allowing me to fail on all of my other attempts to run on my own strength and ability, it needed to happen. Above all, I just thank you for being so good.
Christine had recently lost 100 pounds, and Ed had bought her a surprise pair of diamond earrings. It’s going to be hard to wait, but I know Christine is going to look fabulous in them the next time I see her.
Working in a bar is completely different than working in an office or working in any type of retail position. Granted, bartenders are still in the business of customer service and catering to the needs of the customer. When alcohol is added to the mix, it changes the playing field entirely. Most customers don't have a problem controlling their alcohol intake. It's the people who can't control themselves after consuming alcohol that makes the job interesting.
Thankfully I had a back up plan and so after a little bribery I encouraged her to come to visit, “Pain, Amour et Chocolat” , in the Place Nationale, Antibes, which is a small but varied food festival organised by the Italian Chamber of Commerce, Nice. The festival highlights the magnificent food offerings from a variety of Italian and French food producers. It also happens to coincide with Valentines Day, hence ‘amour’ in the theme! There was so many different types of chocolates and truffles, and sweets and biscuits, pastries and cakes, pizza and focaccia, flowers and yummy cheeses. The variety of torrone alone was MMMMM… and the colour, variety and flavours of the macaroon display was so amazing, that even Adriano Zumbo would have been proud of it! But my favourite stall, was ‘divine Porcello’ a stall that was full of salamis, cured meat and porchetta from Bolognia. There was THE most enormous mortadella I’ve ever seen, free from chemicals and it was delicate and sweet and delicious. And the porchetta? It was big and full and came with its head in tact, but with a price tag of 30€ ($45) a kilo I bought just enough for one small but delicious dinner for us all. A perfect accompaniment to the beautiful mortadella was the mountain of Parmigiano Reggiano, a stall which Stella sniffed out! Beautifully picant, grainy textured and aromatic, the 24 month matured Reggiano sold for 24€ ($36) per kilo. The quality sublime. After all the tasting, we managed but a small piece of freshly cooked pizza and foccacia, washed down with a ‘pichet of vin rouge’.
Nightshade Veggies
Speaking from the White House, the president lambasted Republicans for what he cast as a refusal to compromise, arguing that the nation faces a possible “deep economic crisis- one caused almost entirely by Washington.”
Oh, the place was charming! The building houses two businesses -- a Victorian tea room during the day, and then it turns into Sugar Mountain Bake Shoppe at 5 p.m. It's unusual for a bakery to open at 5 p.m., but I can see why it could work in the Park Avenue area, which is home to lots of young adults. I'll bet they pick up cupcakes on their way home from work, or stop in for coffee and cupcakes with friends. (They also serve food but I didn't pay much attention to the menu.)
This probably strikes a lot of people as odd. After all, on the surface going negative against the leader of a third place party, three years before an election, makes zero strategic sense. So at best the Tory strategy seem like a waste of resources and at worst like mindless, nastiness.
Paul Bond’s article discusses the political side of the trilogy and the movie adaptation, which have been making wide ripples in the world of government. The article provides multiple views of the political messages that can be found in the books and movie, which allows the reader to see how the work has impacted the country in a fashion much larger than domestic box office figures.
The victory of finally making it to a year is bittersweet. I am so happy to have made it this far. And I feel guilty that I didn't make it this far with my older children.
no one else like me
In january you guys hit up the North Carolina by Death To False Hope's Fest. What was it like taking part in the event? Did you get to catch any other performances while you were in town?
It is true that I told Ronald Reagan an off color nun joke, and Reagan enjoyed it.
I'm off to get crafty.
Top 5 observations from this week:
Remove from the heat and mix in the pumpkin, cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla. Place in the fridge to chill for around an hour.
But is the natural-born showman, known in Vancouver for his take-no-prisoners outbursts, really a changed individual? Can a leopard change his spots?
I still believe in civil disobedience. I still believe in passionate though non-violent protest. I still believe in (peaceful) anarchy if the otherwise-option requires moral compromise. I still believe, passionately, that we have a responsibility to stand up and speak – shout if necessary – for those who cannot when wrong is being done to them. I believe we have a right to have our voices heard; all our voices, and true democracy depends on our freedom, and willingness, to speak up and know that all voices count in this family of beings, human and non-human.
2 T oil
"When a Young koala stops drinking it's mother's milk the mother will give the Joey some very soft poop called pap. An average koala will eat about 18 ounces of eucalyptus leaves every day. The leaves have strong toxins that must be cleansed by the koala's stomach. Eating poop while they're yoeys helps koalas gradually develop the ability to detoxify their food as adults." To which the 6 year old replies with the most serious face: "EWE! That's gross! I'm not going to do that! It really says that too! It Does!" it was all I could do not to crack up laughing!
Irwin DE, Savitz DA, St. André KA, Hertz-Picciotto J. Occupational risk factors for pregnancy-induced hypertension in active duty naval personnel. Am J Epidemiol 1992; 136: 1001-1002.
Halloween looms once more, and without further ado let us try to establish something of a tradition by reviewing another classic old Hammer horror movie (not that I’m averse to going down this road at any time of year, of course). Roy Ward Baker’s Scars of Dracula, originally released in 1970, opens in majestic style with a rubber bat on a string vomiting fake blood onto the gritty remnants left after the Count’s last dissolution (in Taste the Blood of Dracula).
“Let the LORD, the God of the Spirits of all flesh, appoint a man over the congregation, who shall go out before them and come in before them, who shall lead them out and bring them in, that the congregation of the LORD may not be as sheep that have no shepherd.” (Num. 27:16-17)
Not all Route 66 businesses were motor courts, of course. When this building is refurbished, it will look better but still have that quaint look that gives ABQ’s Central Ave. a very mixed business neighborhood. Example, the older buildings juxtaposed with a brand new building of modern architecture as in this bank, below.
I have a bit of a wait until the next step of the process, but that's not a bad thing. It'll be nice to have a break to detach myself from checking my phone and e-mail every fifteen minutes. But I don't want to use this time to jump headfirst into a new project, either. Once I start something, I like to keep a good momentum throughout. And besides, something tells me I'm going to learn a lot - I want to apply those skills to the new MS!
144000 UNIVERSES RECEIVED THE PENTAGON INITIATIONS.
Even if you’ve written five books and on book number six you feel hit with writer’s block and you don’t know what to do: Baby steps. One page at a time. Five-hundred words at a time. A paragraph at a time. Whatever you need to do to just chip away at it. Start with something small.
4) The first morning after Pixie and I became friends, she got up off her bed and came to my side of the bed. I woke up to see those beautiful eyes looking at me. I said, "Do you need to go potty?" She bit my nose! I think she did!!!
LOUISVILLE – To William Dembski, all the debate in this country over evolution won’t matter in a decade.
This pack has 2 each of great Sam Adams brews: Boston Lager, Black Lager, Irish Red, Dunkelweizen, Octoberfest, and Harvest Pumpkin Ale. My stand out favorite was the Harvest Pumpkin Ale.
And the spontaneous love of God came pouring out of me.
I'd like to think that we met through fate. Yes, fate, that indescribable relevance of all events resulting to something of great significance. Some think it's coincidence, but my mind chooses to differ.
I quickly put the parking break on and went back to give him a hug and figure out what to do. Daddy Mike was grading a pad with the tractor . . .
Participating Period: 09 Nov 2011 to 30 Nov 2011 23:59 (Singapore Time)
held back. Things that
He wasn’t scheduled to eat yet, but I tried to feed him anyway. Benjamin took one sip then pushed it away as if I followed the recipe wrong and the dish was horrible. It’s Similac! There’s only two steps to making Similac–fill bottle with water then add two scoops of the powdery crap. I was getting angry by that point, but I told myself, Calm down. Shardae wouldn’t want me and Benjamin fighting and there has to be a simple solution. After I “woo-sawed”, I resumed rocking the baby. He screamed bloody murder.
I don't actually think I have had one day alone yet.
The A-Side, "To The Hills", feels like San Diego baby. Heavy surf reverb and vocal harmony...specifically that ducktails spring metallic reverb, but instead of a tropical tinged kettle drum, it's got a more rock edge, filling in those woven spaces with big time medlodies and muted twangs.
Taking to heart the advice to “write what you know,” I began by combining the things I knew and loved best—children and history. After five years of rejection, I sold my first historical novel for young readers to a legendary New York publishing house. For the next several years, I published a new historical novel every year—bringing to children stories of the Oregon Trail, the fall of the Alamo, the Great Plains drought, and the coming of the Civil War to the South.
On another note...I am SICK. Wahhhhh. Some sort of viral stomach thing (accompanied by a head cold, fever, chills, aches and pains) that I am calling the flu. Spent 3 hours at urgent care yesterday...why do they call it "urgent care"? I waited for at least 2 hours to be seen and there were only 5 people in the waiting room with me. REALLY?! URGENT CARE? I call 'em SLOW AS MOLASSES CARE. The dr told me to drink lots of liquids (as tolerated) and REST. Uh...he apparently doesn't know me well. I find it hard to sit still...well, except for when I'm sick I guess. I've been a sloth lately! Trying to see the bright side in that *hopefully* I'll be better by Thanksgiving and I'll be about 10 lbs lighter to boot!
So, my next tip for how to pilot your life (personal or business) is:
Now with arms uplifted and outstretched, scoop up your astral light bodies, and slowly move your arms in toward your naval while imagining your light bodies being *centered* there in your naval.
If I refused to put them in when the story clearly called for them, that would make me a bad writer. So, I suffer through the kissing scenes. Sometimes I even like them afterward.
Style: American Pale Ale
219For her the Spouse prepares the bridal ring,
That all for now, I hope to get back into the swing of things soon. :)
On a recent blistering hot day, we visited the Fairmount Waterworks in Philadelphia, something we’ve been meaning to do for years, having often admired the elegant buildings from the Schuylkill Expressway.
Or in the words of Mae West, “Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.”
You could tell that the vase was supposed to look like wood. What’s more is that there were two of these vases. We all know what that’s like. You start something and you can tell it’s not going well, but you finish it to completion anyways, making the project even more frustrating. Plus it’s really not as easy as it looks to hot glue lines like that. I know their hand had to be cramping by the end of this.
Our fundraising ends on September 30th so please donate today by clicking the link below!! No donation is too small to make a difference!
I guess what I'm trying to say here is you can't make something(or someone) fit if it just doesn't and you can change your habits, but not your hard wiring. Some things just are what they are. If we can know these things and accept them in ourselves and others, we might save ourselves some real wheel spinning and disappointment. What if that which we want, simply...isn't? Are we sure we know what it is we want? Are we asking the right questions?
Produce: Fruits and vegetables are a great way to keep your body healthy. You may want to start out by writing a list of your favorite fruits and vegetables. You may have to modify the list. For example, iceberg lettuce is not as nutritious as spinach leaf salad or red leaf lettuce. Corn and potatoes are not recommended. Ask if you have questions concerning fruits and veggies. Also, fruit is the best way to end a meal, in substitution of a fatty treat, but should be avoided after 4pm when your activity is diminished and will be more likely to be retained as fat.
In a nutshell, it basically says that any private, sovereign US citizen who is even suspected of terrorist or anti-government activities can be captured by the US military and detained in- definitely. In other words, you might as well dig a deep hole in the back yard and throw your copy of the Bill of Rights into it, cover it over with a huge mound of dirt, choose a tombstone, and engrave it accordingly.
Tim Holtz Tissue Tape
Level 7: Damage: +7%, Critical Rate: +7%.
Healing with the Angels;
So that's where my work stuff stands, folks. I have not spoken with his boss at all, like I had planned. I don't know if I will or not anymore. Perhaps since everything is straightened out now, I'll leave it alone so as not to create any more drama at the moment.
- Providing access to copyright works
"Went to house of girlfriend of another French boy. Climbed really big hill"
Work has not slowed down at all until (HOPEFULLY) this week. So far our schedule is pretty open for this week. It makes me want to jump for joy and scream and shout how happy I am that our appointment book looks so much better. I really need work to slow down because as I'm getting farther along it's getting harder to keep up.
Brighton DPAC who will be phoning Atos on the mornings of Monday 12th and Monday 19th of December have produced a script/template which can be read out, or emailed/faxed to Atos. Visit their fb event page (below) for details.
So, I decided to take it apart.
So per the Sunshine Award rules, here comes the detail –
Whether it was the height, the tail end, or even smack dab in the middle of the disco era, it doesn't matter, the opportunity to go undercover as a gay man sounds like the chance of a lifetime. Of course, we're not talking about an episode of Glee, so you can forget about mincing, frolicking, sashaying, or telling total strangers to talk to the hand, as those types of mannerisms are strictly forbidden in this universe. No, this is an ultra gritty look into New York's underground S&M bar scene. In other words, throngs of burly men in leather thongs, motorcycle caps, studded bracelets, assless chaps and biker boots are what are in store for you.
They say tis the day of love.
Unblinking eyes are enmeshed in the water
Gentle readers, Raquel Sallaberry from Jane Austen em Português has resurfaced to discuss a very important issue in Brazil. She informs us that Colin Firth (Mr. Darcy) is supporting the Awá-Guajá tribe from Amazonia and asking the Brazilian government to take measures to protect "the tribe most threatened of the world".
As my muse and I grow, my blog continues to evolve, which means both new and old followers may not be aware of everything hiding in the nooks and crannies of C.B. Wentworth. So, it seems the only fitting way to celebrate my one year anniversary is to take a look at how far I’ve come and where I’m heading next. Let’s take a tour!
Teleplay By: Jessica O’Toole, Amy Rardin
a love poem to my mother. It’s about a girl who loves her mama more than anything. She sets out on a grand adventure to save her mother’s life (sick parent=absent parent), and along the way becomes more independent, more of her own person. But Mama is with her always, whispering words of wisdom into her ear. Daddy is there too, but not as powerful a force as Mama.
If you have a colorwheel chart, you can point to the red and yellow and ask what is between these two colors. Then, instruct the kids to dip paintbrush into the red paint and paint an area on the white paper. Without cleaning brush, dip brush into yellow paint and paint right over the red. Some areas will mix light, some dark. Let the kids really get into this experiment.
in his foot,
I talk about dusties every Thursday but I don't think I've really spent any time defining what a dusty is. If you ask most people, they would say it's a hard to find or out of production bottle of whiskey. But if you really talk to people about dusties, many would say that what they are looking for are bottles that were out of production before they started drinking (or seriously drinking) whiskey.
As I was putting together the group of paintings for ETA 11 I happened to take a look in my Etsy shop. I realized that after an amazing couple of months of sales my inventory had really dwindled. So in the spirit of the new year and starting fresh I am offering 25% off everything currently in the shop today (1/18) thru Sunday (1/22). After that I'm closing up the shop for a wee bit and will re-open with new pieces on Friday February 3rd. I'll be checking in here with sneak peeks and bits of this and that but I'm planning to spend lots of time in the studio over the next 2 weeks. So far, this new year has brought focus and inspiration and I'm loving it.
I posted previously on songs and destinations and there has been some great engagement / discussion on Linkedin, particularly on the ADMEI Group. I’ll keep this theme open a while longer before compiling the definitive list of “songs that sell destinations”. Some of the current suggestions are well known, iconic songs with very obvious destination connections – Elvis’ “Viva Las Vegas” (thanks Stephanie!) or John Denver’s “Colorado Rocky Mountain High” (thanks Nicole and Deana!) but some are less well known with subtle, tenuous links – Mark Knofler’s “Romeo and Juliet” (Indigo Girls version), suggested by Stratford-upon-Avon’s DMC Emma Wellstead and Vicky Samson’s “My African Dream” – which is magnificent – proposed by Paul Stephen.
RODRIGUEZ: Does she realize the huge responsibility this is?
But I want to find it. Desperately. So I'm going to start trying. I'm going to start doing things wholeheartedly for me. Like actually taking the minute and asking myself, Where do you want to go to dinner tonight? or What do you actually want to wear? I think those moments can transform into larger choices and decisions. Or at least I hope they will.
See, the very best gift I could give myself is to do something with this thing I love so much. The potential is within all of us. We blog and it's fun! But do you know how many times I get asked where my store is or when my book is coming out or why don't I make signs or host workshops and all that jazz? Countless. So.. I'm working on it.
Envair had last month surprised the market by entering the O&G sector, after signing a joint marketing agreement with Resscom, which has a licence from Petronas to procure diesel and other oil and gas products. Envair assured investors that it could supply two million barrels of light crude oil monthly for 60 months to a China-based company, An Hong Shenzhen.
Turned out we was wrong about never seeing him again.
Domain: Fingerplays
There are many traditional methods used by foodservice suppliers to promote their new products, services and operations. For example: attending restaurant trade shows, buying lists for outbound sales calls, or networking with foodservice distributors, just to name a few. Some of these methods are tried and true, but as the economy has been struggling, a greater emphasis has been put on utilizing resources (both time and money) to maximize efficiencies throughout any marketing efforts. And fortunately, as our industry has been advancing so have the technologies that we work with.
We've done the drill all winter long. Now we're all geared up for some good, clean, rebellion.
I’ve always liked stories, and world building. The idea of being able to create people and places and situations that you couldn’t experience in your own life. The idea of telling stories that people could get sucked into, be it because of personal identification, or so they can be swept up in an elaborate fantasy always fascinated me. I wrote a lot growing up, didn’t read as much as I could have, I wasn’t a book-worm or anything, but what I did read inspired a very healthy imagination, and I watched a lot of films and TV shows. Ultimately it was the desire to try to make things that I would be interested in seeing, and also making versions of things that I liked so that I could participate in them and share that experience in whatever way was available to me, that got me into storytelling first through short stories, then comic books, then the turning point as many a filmmaker would tell you, was when I first got my hands on a camera at a point where I had more time than I knew what to do with and the ignorance of youth to soldier me on into this brave new world.
The use of other elements such as stone, wood, iron, water will have a very important place in the design of your garden, as well as the addition of sculptures, fontains, basins, paths...which will magnify the whole creation.
The fall-off will only be temporary. It is "silly season" and there is a certain ennui in the air, so I am taking the opportunity to get ahead of the game in what will be a long and difficult project. At this point, I must repeat my appreciation for all those who have commented on the forum – everything is read and stored, and there is some incredibly useful stuff there.
Shock and panic leaped into his eyes.
November 21 - Anne McCaffrey, fantasy writer ("Dragonriders of Pern"), 85
We have six baby chicks. We inherited them at one week of age. We were told to keep them under a heat lamp for six weeks, feed medicated chick crumbles 6 to 8 times a day, clean their box daily and give them fresh water often. We were told that chicks die easily, if not nurtured properly. The most critical thing stressed is keeping them warm, because their feathers have not grown in yet. The cold will kill their fragile bodies. After six weeks pass by and all their feathers have come in, we can transfer the chicks to an outside cage with chicken wire! We were told that they should not be roaming free until they were a little older. The chickens need to be safe from raccoons or cats and the enemy. I had no idea what I was getting myself into!!!....This has been a challenge to say the least! Managing these sweet little chicks is a lot of work and dedication! They are cute but also messy and smelly!
Tuitele was part of the 2009 Mt. SAC football team, who won the state and national championship by beating San Mateo by a score of 7-6.
What did I tell you? Cute, right? I wold love to have this cardi in three of four different colors. And yes, I know it's Spring and where some of you live you're lucky enough to be wearing shorts and skirts already. But here in the Great White North it's still chilly, with hit and miss days of warmth. Today we went from a rain storm to lots of heavy, wet, sloppy snow. So yes, I'm stickin' with jeans and a cardi for the next couple FFF posts. Let's look at some more outfits. =)
The twelve days in the song are the twelve days starting Christmas Day, or in some traditions, the day after Christmas, to the day before Epiphany (January 6). The eve of the Epiphany is formerly the last day of the Christmas festivities.
"Possum? And you threw it away? Possum's good eatin'!" she replied. "Ever had it? Tastes good - tastes just like chicken." I wasn't sure if she was saying it jest, or not, but I was hoping she was.
If you ever look at the sidebar of my blog that lists 'popular recipes' you will see that Apple Chips are number one.
His feedings (though a tube into his stomach) have been going really well - they continue to increase the amount he is getting and he is tolerating the breast milk well. Finally, all the pumping I am doing (I'm am attached to the pump night and day, it seems) means something! I truly hate it, and usually end my last pump of the night cursing to John about it. He hates it too - ask him how he's spent most of the past three weeks, and I'm sure he'd say washing pump parts! But, it is so good for Andrew - they say that the benefits are even more important for preemies than full-term babies - that it is something I intend to keep up with at least until he comes home. The nurses closely monitor how he is tolerating his feeds - there are some very scary issues for preemies around digestion, their bowels, and feeding - by observing (and recording) all wet/dirty diapers, measuring his girth around the stomach (to see if it is distended at all), feeling his belly, and through daily x-rays of his intestines. Luckily, it seems so far Andrew has inherited his mom's healthy bowels, and has been providing at least one dirty diaper a day. J & I have the pleasure of changing many of his diapers - I'm surprised every time how much can come out of a baby that weighs less than 2 pounds!
Not quite sure why I was there. Just let the dust be dust again.
the Queen of Sunshine and her seven little ShiTzu puppies, that’s
CHILI # 5 - LISA'S LEGAL LIP REMOVER
(Relativity) John Cusack, Luke Evans, Alice Eve, Brendan Gleeson. A literate young Baltimore detective discovers that a series of murders seem to have been inspired by the works of an up-and-coming young author – Edgar Allan Poe. The detective enlists the writer to try and get inside the mind of the killer but this only escalates the stakes as Poe’s love is deemed to be the killer’s next target.
Also, since this little girl drinking a glass of milk was requested too (having first showed up on my blog's background image) she will also become a design for The Greeting Farm sometime in the near future:
Mirkes PE. Prospects for the development of validated screening tests that measure developmental toxicity potential: View of one skeptic. Teratology 1996; 53: 334-338.
For centuries mankind longed for a world without suffering or war. The family made that dream come true.
The report said it was not clear whether the CIA intended to identify bin Laden’s “support network within Pakistan with the help of shared intelligence or wanted to rebuild the much-needed mutual trust for moving forward.”
“Every now and then go away, have a little relaxation, for when you come back to your work your judgment will be surer; since to remain constantly at work will cause you to lose your power of judgment. Go some distance away because the work appears smaller and more of it can be taken in at a glance, and a lack of harmony or proportion is more readily seen.” (Leonardo Da Vinci)
At one point, I heard her friends say to her...this is a great party.
I do not participate on that forum. I’m only an observer, gathering information to help clarify what really does happen When Prophecy Fails. But I was tempted to post a response to the two gentlemen who were expressing early pity on how Harold would likely react to the failure of May 21 to usher in a Rolling Earthquake, a Rapture, and five months of physical Hell on Earth before the final destruction of the Heavens and Earth on October 21.
Cool Grays are very blue-toned, and useful for shadows and metal.
When the poet wrote in Sonnet III:
"... Yea, by the temporal law they were cut off; and also, by the spiritual law they perish from that which is good, and become miserable forever."
We never got undressed.
Yellow – Green
Displaying artwork
21And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.
I'm done, finished with this place. After the holidays, I will work on getting a car. So I can work overtime, and save for the first month's rent and deposit for a single family house. They have been putting up notices at work daily that they need people to stay for overtime from 4-8. I usually get out between 5 and 6 so staying a couple extra hours wouldn't be a problem, except for walking in the dark, two miles to the bus stop through the barrio.
Islay, one of the islands of the Inner Hebrides, just off Scotlands’ west coast. If you want to escape the rat race, and take a step back in time, I can certainly recommend a visit here.
The postage stamps are from Stampendous and the sentiment is from Memory Box.
Two streets are missing: Sixth Avenue is a through street east of the arena block, continuing north from Dean Street to Atlantic Avenue. Pacific Street, while demapped for the arena block, extends east of Sixth Avenue.
The most extraordinary (and counterintuitive) critique came from Poynter’s Kelly McBride—who faulted the Times, which had bent over backwards to frame the case against Witt as negatively as possible, for not doing enough to ensure that Witt’s accuser’s story was represented. To bolster her line of argument, McBride turned to adjunct law professor Wendy Murphy, who had distinguished herself in the lacrosse case for her willingness to fabricate, fabricate again, and fabricate some more.
Well, instead of wearing my author hat, I’ve been asked to wear my mom hat and write about helping my own children develop a love of reading. What a fun job THAT was/is!
My how things change. I still can't quite fathom taking a cruise or a bus tour of Europe with 5 cities in 10 days. But I've changed my mind about guides. A really good guide, one who is informed and has a talent for storytelling, can make a huge difference in your experience of places unknown.
Most heartbreaking was the footage of the scum who robbed an injured young man, after pretending to take care of him, I have never witnessed such a sickening display and if I had my way they wouldn't be left to breed, but that's why I'm not a police officer.
slow roasted tomatoes (besides grilling the onions, this was the only advance prep I had to spend any time on; in fact I made them at home a couple days before and brought them up with us in a cooler; that recipe is what I'm giving you here today):
–War-torn regions of the world would put aside their conflicts so they could concentrate on not running into helicopters
Hello fellow Keepers Of The Past....!!
It’s probably not a secret that I’m a huge fan of Kelley’s writing and with the cliff-hanger of an ending from the last title (Waking the Witch) I’ve been itching to get my hands on this release.
When Isaac joined our family, he was escorted to the U.S., so we met him at the airport. (I do love a nice airport, and ATL has for years been a favorite, long before I lived here. And now it is so much more special. But I digress ...) Anyway, unbeknownst to me before we started the adoption journey, having your child escorted home--as opposed to traveling to South Korea to pick up your child--is highly controversial. It is one of those Korean-adoption hot topics. (Who knew?) I was (and still am) quite surprised at some of the things I read about folks' feelings regarding escorting. Believe it or not, like with a lot of parenting topics, people can be really judgmental, condescending and downright rude about the whole escorting thing, actually, but that's another post altogether. Anyway ...
Skidoo?
I could do high energy.
Which got me thinking.
- polyester fiberfill or some other stuffing (rags are fine too)
Anna is planning ahead for the next few days. The rain has upset one or two things we really wanted to do in this area, such as visit Guedelon where 50 volunteers have embarked on a project to build a 12th century castle using only the tools and material available at that time. The place apparently becomes a quagmire when it rains. We really want to go there, so it means some reshuffling of other priorities are required. Which Anna is managing with the odd incisive suggestion or wise comment from me. (Wise comment? Indeed, without the Innkeeper’s input I would of course have got absolutely nowhere. Hah!)
Now don’t tell anyone, but when I was younger and Botanists talked about plant classification I was never terribly interested. I could see the sense in Latin names, its very useful when you find a plant on the internet, on say a Dutch or French website. I am not fluent in either French or Dutch so for me, if I see the Latin name I know at least we should be talking about the same plant.
In recent months, Son has developed a habit where he wakes up about an hour or two before morning wake up and crawls into bed with me. Husband watched him from the sidelines and commented, "You NEVER let the girls do that." I justified it to Husband saying that it was only a bit of time before we had to get up anyways, so it wasn't a big deal. Truthfully, I didn't like it because Son insisted on poking and talking and breathing loudly and I'm not a great sleeper, so that morning interruption upset my sleep. But I put up with it simply because I was too lazy to walk him back to his room.
You would think that the media would be more forthcoming about the fact that they are interviewing one of their own. But they often don’t because they don’t want to jeopardize their access to the victim’s family.
Aside from the morbidity of those last paragraphs, I guess what could be positive in my current going ons wold be that I’m working again and pursuing things more seriously in the music industry. This life I’ve lived and continue to live has been so full and so intense with emotion. I wonder if this is the period in which my emotion nerves have frayed and now my mind is self medicating to keep me from insanity. Which makes sense, to me…. maybe not to you outsiders looking in. It’s like no one could ever grasp the amount of pain or joy or purpose that another goes through. When you all reflect on your lives do you feel like no one could possibly understand the “big picture” for you? It’s almost insulting to hear others tell you they understand. Yes, they may understand bits and pieces, but they can’t possibly KNOW your mind, your heart, your soul.
But oh, how Truth endures. Thank goodness, amidst all the deceit, the words of half-sister Maya expose it: around the house, she stated, we called him “Bar”.
The probable cause standard is more important in Criminal Law than it is in Civil Law because it is used in criminal law as a basis for searching and arresting persons and depriving them of their liberty. Civil cases can deprive a person of property, but they cannot deprive a person of liberty. In civil court a plaintiff must possess probable cause to levy a claim against a defendant. If the plaintiff does not have probable cause for the claim, she may later face a Malicious Prosecution suit brought by the defendant. Furthermore, lack of probable cause to support a claim means that the plaintiff does not have sufficient evidence to support the claim, and the court will likely dismiss it.
Our hearts swelled like bastard babies
Hello (while answering "phone")
76 icing sugar (sieve)
He called her woman to let all know that he was SON OF GOD. Epitaphs on tombstone reflect the sonship of the deceased. The TITULUS (Inscription) above his bruised and pierced with thorns head did not read that he was Jesus, the carpenter’s son, the son of Mary but instead read INRI – IESVS NAZARENVS REX IVDAEORVM (Latin) which meant Jesus the Nazarene, King of the Jews (English).
Something I was struck with watching it this time was how American Apparel it all was. I was reminded of a post Stevie did ages ago about dirty dancing, and how it made her want to go to American Apparel. Well, it may be about a year later, but i get it now! Swishy dance skirts like the floor length maxi's they have in store now. Denim cut offs and washed out saturated leotards. Checked skirts and tight white chinos. 60s, but informed by the 80s. It's that exact kind of preppy dance-slut that AA loves. (I guess they don't call it dirty dancing for nothing, har har har). Now, I'm not one of those by any stretch of the imagination, but the whole thing has got me thinking. Who wouldn't want to be Baby having a summer fling?
I also have to post this picture of one with really big eyes on the right(my first one I made). I am laughing as I type this!!! Lee looked at it and said "What is this? Spiderman's LUNGS!" I about fell on the floor laughing! Lee is so funny! And let's face it they look like lungs!
"If ministry in our churches is based on reaching to the problems people raise, many will receive no attention because they are more reserved in sharing their problems." (pg. 22)
Yeah this is the third consecutive post on technology!! Of course just my random thoughts on whatever!!
Hmmm… it sounded promising.
03. Shield your eyes 3:40
But now Blogger appears to be fixed. I'm still thinking Rove had something to do with this but at least freedom to comment on blogs hasn't evaporated just yet. So do comment.
We are looking to welcome some new artists to our Get Picky family! We would like to extend our design team and also secure artists interested in our Monthly Guest Designer positions. If you think you would be perfect for either position, please read on.
JANUARY 1972
Last, but not least, some more of the agate teardrops. I used blue/brown ceramic flower components from Karen Totten and, once again, smoky quartz and vermeil. Now, let's see if the new interface will actually let me post this without eating it or turning it sideways. KJ
What makes a hermit be a hermit? I can think of three main orientations. The first is that of the religious mystic out to connect directly to God without any sort of social mediation. The second belongs to the absolutely individualistic pragmatist who aims to survive without the assistance of human technologies to the highest degree achievable. The third is associated with misanthropy so sincere it is usually taken to be indicative of mental illness. Indeed, the other two have also often been condemned as crazy. Considering that these orientations are distinct from each other only categorically, that they tend to intertwine in actual psychologies, hermits have generally been labelled as insane regardless of their motives. And at least since the advent of Romanticism, the three orientations have self-consciously overlapped conceptually, often consolidating into an idealization of Nature. It is also easy to dismiss hermits as hypocrites given the basic impossibility of their purported project, which necessarily proves to be partial and temporary and sometimes just stupidly fatal. From the point of view of materialist socialism, the challenge the hermit sets for himself is misguided, to put it mildly. The worthwhile critique of existing society posited by Romanticism quickly devolves into a near-nihilistic negation of civilization as such in the form of wilderness worship. The hermit is merely a concentrated expression of this dead-end, ideologically illuminating only because of the extreme atomism involved.
The next question is whether the newly formed Deficit Super Committee will deems Beach Replenishment Projects as an advantage for states like New Jersey, or a burden on states like Oklahoma.
He's wonderful, because the kids love to hug him, pull on him, play with him, throw him, and get to learn and practice all those fun "I'm-in-middle-school-wanna-know-'em" words like gordo (fat), feo (ugly), tonto (dumb), and my favorite, gordito (fatty)... all without offending anyone. It's all in good fun.
All sniping aside, some of the main reasons anyone will watch Earthquake nowadays is because
By the summer of 1947, Martin Goodman had been publishing only two types of comic books, superhero comics and humor comics. Humor comics were further subdivided into funny-animal comics and Archie-inspired teen humor comics. As mid 1947 approached, a new genre appeared on the Timely schedule: Crime comics.
The band first revealed the album title and tracklist in a short interview with UK mag Q, commenting that it was “beautiful”, that it sounded “like an avalanche in slow-motion,” and that its music “just kind of rolls over you. In a good way.” They also note that the album is more electronic than their previous work, while assuring their many fans that they have not made a ‘dance’ record.
Liesl straightened her back as if a steel rod in it had just snapped into place. “Tell me who Kozlov is?” she persisted.
These are but a few of the many reports on Islam in Mexico. The evidence that many Islamists in Mexico are plotting against the U.S., using all means—such as drug trafficking, which is not forbidden in Sharia law if it serves to empower Islam—is overwhelming.
While the Hollywood image of a war game involves commanders pushing ships around a table in response to threats from another country, an operations game looks at smaller threats. A group of 88 people, including industry experts, government officials and senior level naval officers, participated in the game last September.
A prime example of contradicting one's self can be found with Flappy at Pat's work shelf. She finally packed up all her stuff, blithering on with her same old huff and puff. Then as she had it all sat down on a table and ready to go. Pat flicked the switch on the wheel down below. She went to grab her stuff and the table moved forward on her a bit. That's when her eyes bcame lit.(Yes, Pat could not help himself and it had to be done. Even though he wanted Flappy to scram and stop letting her mouth run.)
The Swan Spirit mask was worn during spring ceremonies to entice the swans, ducks, geese and other birds to come back from the South and provide nourishment to the Natives. Most of these type masks were buried with their owners or burned when no longer useful.
Come si arriva a questo paese?
Metal was all but gone from the world, and what remained had to be constantly cared for to prevent rapid corrosion. Many shades wielded these steel daggers, and it was a mystery where they got them. Even seeing a shade rise from the man she killed only increased the mystery of their origin.
That means that the products in the bottles have been taken a bit of,
The card here is almost finished but just wanted to take a pix before I made any changes... which I didn't make much in the end.
then there’s Hope Solo. I wouldve put her in the ‘Potentials’ category as an athlete, dancing with Maks, pretty face, good body. Here’s the thing, she’s never proved anything and she’s never had a ‘cream of the crop’ week. Last week, Maks stood up for her because i’m sure it is frustrating to have someone with potential, never reach it. This week, in my personal opinion her dancing digressed again. She reads like a book, every mistake she makes her face rats her out right away. She lacks performance, she lacks technique and she is awkward to watch. She didnt get the same whipping post reaction from the judges, which was a bit cowardly… but understandable.
"Do you want to pick some flowers for your teacher?" I would ask them. Every single one of them nodded. Today is Teacher Bouquet Day at the preschool garden. We have so many beautiful things growing right now that the idea was easy to grab on to. As kids and parents arrive, they can stop in the garden and pick a small bouquet of flowers and herbs to bring in to their teachers. We dropped off a vase in each class this morning so the teachers can add to their bouquet with each gift, ending up with a great arrangement.
American herbalists dry magnolia bark and root and pound it into a powder or make a tincture that is taken several times daily. Russian herbalists soak the bark in vodka.
I've been involved in planning this conference, and I hope to see some of you there. Registration and hotel information is available at http://aipf.com/annual-meetings/2011-annual-meeting/.
when was that?
(with Jason Aldean)
You can always find dad tinkering in his shed down the back.
Recommended citation: Shaun Burnie, Matsumura Akio and Murata Mitsuhei, “The Highest Risk: Problems of Radiation at Reaction Unit 4, Fukushima-Daiichi,” The Asia- Pacific Journal, Vol 10, Issue 17, No. 4.
My trip is roughly 1 month away - I can't believe how fast it's approaching! I still have so much to read!!! This is SUCH an English teacher dilemma, by the way. I keep acquiring books to read, and I'm not patient enough to finish one before starting another, so I think I'm currently reading 4 books about Iran, with at least another 4 waiting in the wings, and a dozen more hanging out on my Amazon.com wishlist, just waiting to come home with me. Jeesh!
5. www.Realtor.com (from Apps Store)
Arriving at Bromsgrove, with a good ten minutes to purchase our tickets from the machine, the tannoy voice announces a delay of fifteen minutes, Oh dear, a twenty five minute wait.
While getting ready, I got a knock on the door asking if I'd like a turn down service. When I politely shook my hand, he handed a huge cookie :).
Brett
We kept walking along the cliff above the beach and Mitchell convinced me to walk out to the edge. He told me our friends weren't coming and he weren't staying at a random inland hotel, we were staying at the Ritz and then he got on his knee and asked me to marry him! I cried and eventually managed to say yes.
So here is your mission… please accept it…
I have this funny effect on a few people. Occasionally I’ll meet/see/sleep with someone, and they will NEVER forget it. It sounds vain to say so but actually I think most other people just have a much better memory than I do. So every now and again one of these people will ring me, out of the blue, and say, “Hello Rose, it’s me! How are you!” as if we only just met last week and were good mates. When in fact, we met a VERY long time ago.
They have a life apart from me. My oldest has a stepmom and three more half brothers. My princess and baby boy, share part of their lives with Dad’s girlfriend, a half sister and girlfriends’ daughter and son.
So thank you CrossFit Woodstock for pushing me to the limit and making my shoulders/abs/butt/hamstrings and everything else on my body hurt this morning. I could hardly wash my hair.
**The nurse...not random builders!
Kids, welcome to Super 8.
6 months in jail? Solitary confinement? Arrested by your ex-girlfriend several times?
A Russian woman has set a new world record, lifting a 14-kg. glass ball with her vagina muscles. Tatiata Kozhevnikova of Novosibirsk, aged 42, has been exercising her intimate muscles for fifteen years, and has already made her entrance into the Guinness Book of Records as the possessor of the world’s strongest vagina, she proudly told Life.ru.
So the 1998 statement from the CDF is anemic, general, open-ended, and vague. That’s his answer to me. And he’s obviously irked that I seemed to have assumed that he didn’t know about this 1998 statement because, after all, he’s the expert who wrote the definitive treament of this issue, Galileo Was Wrong. Naturally then, you would assume that Galileo Was Wrong completely supports his point in great depth and detail.
Often times, we do things for the wrong reasons or perhaps because no one ever asked why or no one ever took the time and explained the real reasons. Every Sunday, we take a special time out of our worship service to eat a small piece of bread and drink a little cup of grape juice, and there are some who really don’t know or understand why. I’ve listed the reasons why I am at the Lord’s Table today.
- 1 teaspoons of ground cinnamon
* CAW is a joint venture of the Art History and Visual Arts departments at the University that tries to bridge that uncanny valley between theory and practice. Dashper, in town for The Suburban project spoke to CAW at the invitation of a colleague from New Zealand.
and they have closed their eyes.
by Debra Nystrom
Supplies - Card size is 4 3/4" x 6 1/2"
In Dunedin, New Zealand, however, every year two teams of sevens go to battle fully starkers.
Pique's got that stupid grin because we're going to the final, duh!
This one is one of my favorites. It was my first time using pen and ink and the techniques like hatching, crosshatching, scrumbling, and stuff like that. We had to illustrate a story or poem or song and we were supposed to bring said story or poem or song to class with us... which I kind of didn't do. Lucky for me, my friend brought extra poems and I just used one of hers. :) The title of the poem was "the Dentist Pulled My Tooth Out" By Ken Nesbitt
Aptera is initially going to be launched exclusively in California only, but slowly the team would expand to other US, Asian and European markets. Jump over to their website and take a look at more pictures and cool videos. If you like what you see, they are accepting fully refundable $500 deposits from California residents.
Often this was done by the provision of a ‘move’ command, but some text editors required that the text be first put into some temporary location (AKA, “the clipboard”) for later retrieval/placement.
The first woman accidentally steps on one.
Will give more info and subscription data after I obtain a real permission (and if one is secured). Okay, I am excited and think it will go retail soon.
...and in eighty-nine years she ate that whale
Anyway, I should be going back home tomorrow, one day early. It can be difficult to stay focused on my engineering as my brain is three beers into a pub. In other words, I've already planned out where I want to go when I get back home, and the beers I'm probably going to order, and in which order. This time I'm thinking of going back to Downing Street Pub in Houston to throw in some cigars with my beering.
4. I often get e-mails from readers asking how I manage three kids, this blog, the store, etc. Usually they are from young moms looking for life balance advice. First off, I don't really manage...juggle is a bit more apt, and every other day I literally drop a ball or two...and I have HELP! The word "balance" makes me want to scream.
I’ve been baking bread almost every day since Christmas 2007.
Frankly, I'd like to get paid to do just this: autograph editorials and reviews of video games. I adulation writing, I adulation cogent my opinions, I adulation video amateur and I adulation accepting paid. It would be a dream job. If you're annual this, and apperceive anyone who can advice me acquisition that dream job, my email is on my profile. Until that happens, I'll yield a job in retail. I'll accept to do this as a amusement until then.
Upon arrival in Siem Reap, we did not waste any time as we immediately set out to explore all the temples that we could in one day, well more likely in half a day. Thanks to our reliable tuktuk driver, Ly Horng, he helped us maximize our temple visit by bringing us to the temples that we could.
And Barack Obama did himself no favours today unveiling a new campaign slogan that critics say has unfortunate similarities to ones used by Chairman Mao and other Communists.
A Kyalami, northern Johannesburg, man who filmed a police officer assaulting him and his wife on his cellphone has laid charges in the hope that "the matter will be dealt with at the highest level".
Some of them just does not look natural, at all.
Coming to the desk today, I did another read through and then began the task of reading submission guidelines and following them for five presses that are either in the midst of contests or reading periods. Of the five, three allowed me to submit online (wahoo!), one required the mailing of the complete manuscript, and one a query with a ten page sample. The last is the hardest of all, as it requires being able to capture the book in one or two sentences and to pick the ten poems that might stand out the most and also represent the arc of the book. While it is the hardest, it is also quite rewarding and helpful.
Now we won’t worry about fidelity…our future…or anything, because we’re going to sleep for all of eternity.
So, this is what I checked out today:
How Electric Pressure Washers Are the Most Effective Cleaning Equipment?
T-shirt - H&M, necklace - Topshop, jeans - River Island, shoes - Office, watch - DKNY, bracelet - gift.
Chernobyl & Fukushima, by Jan Smith. Erdmann Contemporary Gallery, Cape Town, 6-17th March
The music itself consists mostly of songs from DJ FORMAT's first two albums, his new album STATEMENT OF INTENT and also songs from THE SIMONSOUND's album REVERSE ENGINEERING that Simon & Format made together in 2010.
When Black Friday comes, I'll collect everything I'm owed
Today's challenge is a very special theme challenge with a very special prize up for grabs. *The theme is Birthday and the prize is a one-month guest designer spot for The Craft's Meow!!! Since the winner will be randomly drawn, everyone has an equal chance!!!
3.- Homecoming King - Produced by Tonedeff
There’s the constant health-hazard to the children of sewage running through the camp: but also new hope in Gideon’s cash-creating manufacture of rag-dolls, t-shirts and firelighters…
And in our blurred up, trailing world, where oak leaves are green smears in the sky, and clouds are marshmellows....
Otherwise, expect to spend $199-$299 (with two-year contract) for the newest and best Android phones or iPhones.
Then FBI Special Agent Mike Sotka took the stand. Sotka testified that investigators first told Steele his wife had died in a car crash to see if he would go along with alibis he'd mentioned in a secretly recorded conversation with Larry Fairfax. They even told Steele that Fairfax was involved in the crash but was coming out of a coma and beginning to talk, in order to induce a panic spur-of-the-moment confession. But when Steele held firm, agents quickly told him that his wife wasn't actually dead, but that they knew he'd hired Fairfax to kill her.
Don’t get me wrong, I have nothing against the jegging or the skinny jean. In fact, I think in most cases, they are very flattering on all differently body styles., including mine. I just don’t wear tight clothing and feel weird in it. I feel like an imposter into the land of fashion. For so long fashion to me has meant skinny. I have spent most of my life trying to find fashionable clothes in the land of plus size clothing. This has been an epic failure until recently. Thank god designers have come to their senses in the last 10 years. Plus size clothing has jumped leaps and bounds and is now really very fashionable in its own right. But the programming is ingrained and I can’t come to the conclusion that I can be fashionable at any size. Especially since I still see myself as I was, not as I am. 22 v. 16 is a big difference.
(attributes of God + acknowledgment of God’s attributes in us = worship)
After about 2 weeks of doing this, they forgot the necessity, and I grew tired of always having to ask for help. So one day, I tried getting into my chair by myself and was successful. So, some days I’d ask, if a co-worker happened by as I came in, and sometimes I’d try it myself. It got to the point where I was really paranoid and fearful every morning hoping I could manage to get into my chair successfully. If I fell, I wouldn’t be able to get up by myself. I had visions of having to call 911 and having the firemen pick me up. It became my most frequent prayer every day, that I be able to get into my chair safely.
Stereolab - Metronomic Underground (Wagon Christ Mix)
Who is volunteering? MORE is made possible by the generous commitment of staff from dozens of Nevada health care, social service, nonprofit, and emergency preparedness agencies, as well as the work of hundreds of community volunteers and support from the Lyon County School District.
Of course, we have LOADS of other kid's craft supplies, however, I keep those tucked away in spare bedroom craft closet, which I will reveal at a later time, so stay tuned!
After we had left the cinema, Ranjit explained what had upset him. It was not the mating scene, as such, but the fact that the seduction had occurred on the day of the prince’s wedding. The idea that an Indian of noble birth would debase himself in this fashion before his betrothal to a princess struck him as a monstrous lie, and a slur on all things Indian. He said he was going to picket the cinema on the next showing of the movie, and I agreed to join him out of a sense of solidarity and loyalty. He made a sign for himself saying “DON’T WATCH THIS FALSE FILM”, while I agreed wear to sandwich boards with the words “AN INDIAN WEDDING IS NOT A JOKE” on one side and “AN INDIAN PRINCE IS NOT A GOAT” on the other.
Marais ruled out robbery, saying it was "hard to believe that elderly defenceless people are being murdered only for a cellphone".
I did manage to do 2 projects but both are for my DT assignments...and last night before bed...I whipped this 5 minutes CAS card....this card was inspired by CFC45: The Bold & The Beautiful-create a Clean And Simple project using a pastels and black
Defending Jacob by William Landay
Next it goes over terms and how apparently the word level can be used quite a few different ways. First there is character level, then a spells level, followed by a monsters level, and finished off by what level of the dungeon you are on. I never noticed that before.
The beauty of self-publishing is that I DO (when I’m not contractually bound to Amazon) have the option of doing that – of making changes. So that’s on my agenda.
Gregory: omg Herman Cain has dropped out
crucial to the success of Sinbad, as much as Torin Thatcher's ability
Which she did. And so I met HengSheng. We talked for a bit, but it was kind of like that blind-date kind of talk, not that I’ve ever been on one…just like that awkward first conversation that all the rom-coms portray as so awkward, you know? Polite chatter. But he was nice and we had a lot to talk about, so when his mom suggested that we should meet up the next day and hang out, I invited him to come to Bruges with us, because he had never gone.
Gameplay:
Despite incomplete and erroneous reporting, we now know that Dr. Bob not only attended Protestant Christian churches frequently—first as a youngster and later in Akron at St. Luke, Westside Presbyterian Church, and finally St. Paul’s Episcopal Church in Akron.
In hindsight, it was actually a very peaceful recovery for all of us. Madi had her own private room with a bathroom and we could stay over there as much as we wanted. Except for a few hours to sleep and eat, we stayed in there the entire time. And because my nurses didn't come to find me over in the NICU, I wasn't constantly barraged with people coming in to check my vitals and all that other fun hospital stuff. In the end, we actually preferred this set up, because if you know me, then you know that I am not a big fan of the hospital world. Lets just say my "white coat syndrome" goes into overdrive.
The whitish column on the left frame is the Punggol Promenade. Great view for a nature walk and a cycling track. Opposite is Coney Island. The danger signs on the boays are wonderful resting places for birds. In this picture, there is a bird perching there.
“Skewered,” he answers with a droll smile.
As thousands of visitors thronged to the mud-bound Gypsy gathering on Thursday, the RSPCA mounted an operation to ensure animals' welfare.
“It made me grow up and realize you can leave this earth anytime,” he said.
Lens: EF 50mm F/1.8
But they do. They know. “Know what? What’ll they—do?”
And I will just be frank about it, I can continue blogging with an absence of comments but I do not find it much fun really. This is an issue that I have had to deal with for a long time. And not only myself of course. Many blogs I follow have few comments. It is the nature of the blogging world I suppose. The topics are a bit obscure and not very topical. I do not really write in a way that makes the reader feel involved I suppose. I am very interested in my reader’s opinions but I do not ask questions in my posts or do things that generate possible interactions, like “top ten” lists or polls. But I will most likely not change that, so I have to accept things. But I can’t help but feel frustration. Here is a listing my top five posts with total numbers of page views:
I'm glad to say I wasn't around when it first aired in 1942, but I've listened to it hundreds of times and played the game in my head almost as often. My choice of favourite tracks changes almost as often as the seasons and slightly less often than my moods, but there's one piece of music that has been in my top eight for at least the last ten years.
I WANT THIS ONE!
You should not overlook other means of protecting your creations, such as, trade secrets and customer lists, which are highly valuable, and although may not be formerly protected with intellectual property rights, they should be carefully guarded and included in any valuation of a business.
When Tomorrow Hits
She's in an up-Mama's-butt phase right now, constantly following me around and demanding to be picked up. She loves her Papa and Big Brother, but most of the day she wants me. If I go outside to hang or take down laundry, she cries disconsolately until I come in. If I leave the room to use the bathroom or put laundry away, if I leave her sight, she wails. I never went through this with the Evil Genius - he was content to play and hang out with whomever was in the room.
I have attached a PDF of the Structured Critical Reflection paper with your marks. Given the number of marks and exclamation points, and the grade I received, it seems important to present the following comments and questions:
You can change the quantities, I used what I had.
Edson easily swept past his opponent, railroad man Allan Campbell -- a sweet victory for John Kelly, as it was Campbell that had replaced Kelly as the city comptroller several years previous under the administration of mayor Edward Cooper. (Check out Edward's entry for some juicy details of the Kelly/Cooper rivalry.)
Morning Folks :)
Writing for fun.
Especially the Rocky series which was a loose adaptation on Sylvester Stallone’s actual biography on his rise to fame as an underdog, it evokes emotional sentiments that inspired me to create my own destiny. I would find myself watching the movies countless times and my house would be filled with “Adriannnn….” in his victorious burst as he lifted the world championship belt in the air.
British pop singer
Dora is a seven-year-old Latina heroine whose adventures take place in an imaginative, tropical world filled with jungles, beaches and rainforests. Dora is bilingual and in each episode, she teaches Spanish words or phrases to the viewers and then asks them to use it to solve a problem. Ultimately, Dora and her best friend, Boots, triumph, and the story always ends with a “We Did It!” anthem.
14. We Need A Little Christmas by The Muppets
On Thursday July 9, 2009 the feature film “THE SORCERER’S APPRENTICE” is scheduled to film interior and exterior scenes at 1579 Bedford Armory between Union & President Streets.
However the sky grows dark with invitation-cards
1/4 cup potato starch
But anyway, I don’t think we should despair. I reckon one day the avant-garde jazz band that is us will reach the bottom of the stairs and rub our heads and replace the cracked symbols and broken drum skins and fix the dints in the trombones and we’ll get our act together and start to make a noise that sounds half decent. I mean, that’s got to happen eventually. I’m just not sure how far down the stairs we are yet or how far we have to go. There’s no way of knowing. We can’t see what’s to come. God turned off the lights. God probably pushed us. Maybe God is a fan of avant-garde jazz bands making that kind of din. Maybe he likes to freak out to that kind of stuff when he’s not chilling out to the Universal vibe. Takes all sorts I suppose.
But what a razor thin line on which to hang the well being of your child, who relies on you for comfort, love, respect, and dignity. What a razor thin line on which to hang the future of your child, their relationships and hopes and dreams.
That is the cheapest way to move the people. So there are two rapes taking place, the rape of the land and the rape of the people. And these two rapes are inextricably linked.
WHO: Council Member Letitia James, New York City Community Clean-Up, Prospect Heights Street Tree Task Force, and the Executive Director of IKOKO, Inc.
So, coming back to writing well, focusing on craft and creating beautiful books. I don’t believe the commercial has to be to the total exclusion of literary. Sure, the truly literary book may never have mass appeal, but there is absolutely no reason why a commercial book can’t be beautifully crafted, well-written, full of artistic “magic”. I believe the trick lies in marrying a commercially appealing theme with quality writing, vivid words (you know, that show not tell thing), a distinctive voice, and a strong hook. All the things that, as writers, we are constantly told to do.
But Freedom of Infomation requests by the website WhyWaitForever.comhttp://www.whywaitforever.com/dwpatoslettersgasa.html reveal that referrals averaged 751,000 per year and the number of healthcare professionals was just 848 - far less than claimed by Atos....... those bunch of *****.
So what is absolutely a good approval? Nicely, a strong affirmations is actually a proclamation designed with someone, about a problem to getting as well as concerning anything that somebody would like to reach. a person may construct a affirmations by what he/she would wish to obtain in life: similar to "I now take over the brilliant method of located." As well as "I am today wholesome as the primary goal, approach and also nature."
The mother and father were so gentle and attentive and protective with that chick. They are as gentle, watchful and careful as any human parents I’ve ever seen.
“We are living through an era of the ascendance of biology, and we have to be very careful,” said William Henry Gates Jr., director of the W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research at Harvard University. “We will all be walking a fine line between using biology and allowing it to be abused.”
Should you purchase this coverage? Let me mention, it is relatively inexpensive – about $20 for six months per vehicle. Still, money is money. Don’t spend it if you don’t have to. Consider your situation. Ask yourself, “If my car were in the shop for five or six days how would I get to work?” If you have access to another car during that time you won’t need the coverage. For example, I have three cars in my household. I live one mile from my office, my wife doesn’t commute to work, and my son just drives to high school about 4 miles away. We could get by with two cars for a week while our car is at the body shop getting repaired. So, I don’t purchase this extra coverage. It saves me about $120 per year. Not bad.
It is because many modern scholars have rejected the interpretation of Scripture embodied in the Nicene Creed. These scholars maintain that the Nicene Creed’s interpretation of Scripture is wrong, and they argue that the traditional rendering “only begotten” represents a dogmatically-motivated misinterpretation of the Greek word μονογενής. As one Baptist scholar puts it,
Then I ran across the Doodle Pantry blog and they are having a summer DT call so I said "why not" everything else is going right today. I just love their images and I had this adorable guy in my stash. He looks like he's signing his heart out today with a very loud HALLELUJAH!!!
And then the artwork...I desperately wish I knew enough about art to explain why this art is so lovely! Happily, Seven Impossible Things can do that for me. I will just say that it is robust and colorful, beautiful without being trite, and endlessly inventive and appreciative and the beauty of nature with a running theme of birds.
This is one individual Theresa May should have definitely considered blocking from gaining entry to the UK. Well done to Paul for challenging him and giving him the Church's view of what is really, to put it mildly, a very reckless and really terrible thing to be doing. Essentially, as anyone who has heard of Nitzchke will know, he prepares the ground for people to commit suicide, selling 'suicide kits' to the vulnerable and basically showing people how it is done. May God protect Eastbourne's elderly, sick and vulnerable from the terrible beliefs of Dr Philip Nitzchke. I know we are living in an age in which moral relativism is endemic, but even though we have the obvious 'evil dressed up as good' situation here, it is difficult to make sense of what Nitzchke is doing. What was unthinkable years ago is very much on the table now.
Where every man’s a Brother, and every Brother is a friend and the toils of life are over, and the glories never end.
She and my mum argue from time to time too. In fact all the women in our family are strong-willed - we're a bit difficult at times - and noisy when we're all together, each clamouring to be heard above the rest. But I wouldn't have it any other way... we're resilient - a necessary attribute for any female and one I've always tried to encourage in my own two girls.
I never thought I would love nasyeed songs as much as this one.
Cooks’ notes:
(We knew we could do nothing
I'm still finding my way, fishing out what works for me and just letting things evolve.
The same might apply to your family or your home. Your brother may need help. The family rally round to offer support - it may be financial or emotional or practical. Or, your roof springs a leak - you don't leave it (I hope!), you get up there and fix it or call someone in to do it, because not doing so would mean damaged timbers, sodden carpets, wrecked furniture. You treat your home as an extension of yourself - your world - you protect it because in doing so you ensure your own well being.
Trying to turn things around right now. I've spent a long time (the past 10 months) feeling overwhelmed, unmotivated, anxious, tired, unhappy, and frustrated. Trying to create some order in my life. Trying to make some changes. I've started running more and am finding that a regular schedule has been hard to commit to. Harder than I'd like to admit. I'm nearing my wit's end and just need to get my butt in gear and do something about the crappy way I've been feeling. I'm praying a lot about it and I think I'm starting to see where God is giving me some answers...
World Peace Cookies
Fight for eachother harder than you fight against eachother.*
When I arrived in the living room, they both had their little faces buried in the couch cushions, hands tightly clutched beneath them. At this point, it looked as though they had actually taken chocolate without my permission, though I was still holding on to the possibility that this wasn’t the truth. When I demanded that they hand over their candy, they both hesitated momentarily, and then placed mostly wrapped chocolates in my hand.
strapped between us and facing
Over the years, when I've been asked "Who is your favourite writer?" I have often answered "Charles Dickens." And sometimes added that a lot of people say that without having actually read many of his books, while I have read them all.
And in Greece the story has been heard by millions after it was carried by the state broadcaster NET, commercial TV channels Mega and Antenna, and Skai Radio.
The book is an illustrated gift book of romantic verse, in German,
The American influence played a great role – even after the Second World War ended there were plenty of Americans left in Iceland to influence a culturally starving nation. Well, a pop-culturally starved nation. During the war we had become accustomed to many aspects of the American way of life: American kitchen appliances, cars, food, movies and, of course, music. This separated us from many other European countries. Although some were also occupied by American troops, our little nation of wool clad shepherds and fishermen somehow embraced them a little more.
ghosts and pumpkins.
I have a personal relationship with the Lord. I often go to him in prayer, asking him to forgive my sins. Why would I need a priest to get in the way?
Ercolini and a team of 26 women painstakingly went through every one of Rome's 16,550 streets to determine the gender balance. They found that 7,575 (45.7%) of the city's streets were named after men and just 580 (3.5%) were named after women. "That's proof of the discrimination," she says.
No matter what beauties I saw in my way:
She is an overcomer and knowing I have that in my blood, makes me feel like facing each day.
Wednesday: Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms, Rice Pilaf, Honey Roasted Carrots
I mentioned the other day that on my first trip out to our river lot over Easter, I stopped at a craft shop in Altoona. I loved these chipboard stickers that went with one of the Basic Grey patterned paper packs that I already had at home.
The chargesheet also made a reference to money laundering, which pushed Alok Mittal, joint commissioner of police, Gurgaon to state that the police may refer the to the Enforcement Directorate (ED).
Ju-Ju Brush looked at me a moment or two, a little perturbed, then continued, - Yeh, so, the PSNI have been told they gotta up their quota of Muslim Terror Cells here, and I've been told by folk that while there ain't many of them around Belfast, some loan wolf nut like me, sending pretend bombs to poncey music magazines, is just right up their alley.
Sometimes in an art show I see amazing things created on the computer. So I went searching for digital art and found many online sites that will let you create and then save to your computer.
Lastly, there’s a Twitter account for the Podcast now @whatsapodcast, so that if you have any ideas you want talked about or general criticism to give me and CB, there’s an easily focused target for your outrage. Or if you want to show some love, it’s a good place to do so as well.
After that I went to work, which wasn't actually too bad. See I make bad decisions when tired. It turns out that this was the first time I had gone to work in six months. That's right folks, it had been six months. That's the joy of voluntary work. My boss complained a bit that I should have called, but I said he should have called too. Me and my boss have a weird relationship. He thinks we get on better than I think we do, but he is a pretty cool guy. I do have some fun with him really. He's done some bad shit too though, but overall he's pretty cool. But never tell him I said that.
It was an incident that placed his life, and the lives of his passengers, at risk and launched an investigation that resulted in 49-year-old Glenn Stephen Hansen of St. Cloud being accused of aiming lasers at passenger aircraft departing from OIA at least 23 times from that day until Friday.
There is only one joke. At least the earlier version gave you something to laugh at, even it was only the shaky sets.
What I need is a medium hot pink tank top to wear under the cardy. I could use some new shoes but that can wait.
November 2nd the working class of Oakland outflanked the labor bureaucracy, the Democratic Party, the cops, the anti-labor Taft-Hartley law and kicked Wall Street where it counts by shutting down the Port of Oakland.
And that's all for... wait? What? Oh yeah. Heartburn isn't caused by too much acid in your digestive system. It's caused by a lack of acid. If your diet consists of a heavy amount of wonderfully, greasy fried or processed foods then chances are your stomach isn't going to be able to produce enough acid to cover the job. It needs support. It's kinda like calling in a strafing when your ground troops are getting riddled with bullets and shrapnel.
2 slices of toasted rustic country loaf (pain de campagne)
“We are excited about the brewers that have agreed to take part and the world class pale ales they will be pouring. Beer fans will get the chance to try a wide variety of pale ale styles in a single session,” said Megan Flynn, publisher and editor-in-chief of Beer West magazine. “Pale ales have become America’s favorite type of craft beer. This event
tentatively
Lindsey was down near an underpass and tried to get to her feet but fell down. The next thing she knew someone walked and reached down with a LOWHAND and helped her to her feet.
I feel like I succeeded...for six months, and then I bottomed out.
All weekend I continued to have contractions that never really picked up in strength. Every now and then I'd get a pretty painful one, but they weren't coming regularly.
On this view, “grace” is like the cheese sandwiches which David brought to his brothers at the front line (1 Samuel 17:17-19). Here grace is an encouragement and empowerment from the christ to go out and fight the good fight. The christ gives you strength, victory is down to you.
Witnessing a Farscape Leadership Team Development course in action got me thinking about what I believe makes a good leader. Who have I been happy to follow in the past and who did I not take direction from so well?
Come to think of it, that's really not a question at all. It's a statement. It's rather a demand, I should say. Maybe the fact that I'm so obsessed with the fact that this is not really a question should be my first quirk.
But the point is, that I've been feeling like I really cannot say this: that some days are just really hard. And that I'm struggling right now to be content and live with a heart of gratitude. Because a lot of my yucky stuff has come to the surface lately- all that need to control and this grumbling spirit in me.
9) Go to the inn and up the stairs. Not giving you a pic clue for this one cause it's simple enough. Go all the way right and south through the wall. Inside the house, go fart left and head to the safe and pick it up.
We could not be more proud of our BIG Grandson and his willingness to work hard. Won't this look impressive on his recruiting profile! We look forward to being able to watch him on the Rugby field this next month.
Unbelievably, I had to do the same again before I could get to the BMW Lane.
Here, I attached the snowman to the wall (at my students eye level) and asked them to throw the snowball (socks) at the snowman. I gave them 3 “snowballs” and after the 3rd throw it was time for someone else to have a turn. This was fantastically fun and held their interest for quite some time!
Visage is a great word—latinate with an edge. I moved around so much growing up that I feel I am a fairly good reader of people. I wonder, if I could paint—representationally or figurally I mean—how I would paint people’s faces. Or rather, I wonder how I see people when I spend some time with them, how I come to know them both in first impression and later impressions, and how that would manifest itself on canvas. Probably I would paint them more Cy Twombly than Johannes Vermeer, given my aesthetic sensibilities. Or like Kay Sage in “Le Passage,” she would have her back to you. But sometimes I really wish I had the choice in medium.
I have to admit that I’m a real fan of gold. Michael Kors watches are featuring surprisingly affordable gold plated versions of their timepieces.
My younger one, who normally would have been sprawled on the sofa in the living room was energetic when home on a short holiday. It had to with the kick-boxing classes that she was attending. And she took me under her control. I will teach you some warm-up exercises, she said. As far as I was concerned 'warm- up' meant something one does to 'warm-up' right? Some up and down neck movements, some shoulder and arm exercises. I was all ready to start.
Last night, Palin endorsee Deb Fischer won an upset victory in the GOP senate primary in Nebraska. Since long time Democrat incumbent Ben Nelson is retiring, Fischer is the likely winner of the general election in the deep Red Cornhusker State.
We finally left Moorea. We loved it there, but it was time to get moving east.
Now that have an idea about the Mizuno wave, you may want to search for an online store where you can buy these shoes. ZBSports.com is the best place to shop these Mizuno Wave shoes because they have the latest design and their retail price are very much affordable unlike other over-pricing online stores. ZBSports.com also offers a lot of sport equipments and sports apparel with different brands so you can have a wide selection of items. ZBSports.com is actually a one-stop-shop where you can buy your sports need. Visit them now and don’t miss their discounted items so you can save more.
In fact, the golden dragon wears the red stocking cap only on the Christmas beer label. The commercially adept brewery of Van Steenberge in Ertvelde, north of Gent in Oost-Vlaanderen, readily admits that the beer, Gulden Draak Vintage, is not really a vintage beer; it is just their name for the Christmas beer version of Gulden Draak. Unusually for a Christmas beer, at “only” 7.5% ABV it is weaker than the everyday, “plain” Gulden Draak , which is a dark heavy-weight reaching 10.5% ABV.
*(2dc, ch2, 2dc) in next dc, dc in next 3dc*, repeat from * to * two more times. sl st in next dc and ch 2 sp. (28dc, 4 ch2 sp)
This is not a recipe with a long, involved origin story. The story of this recipe is, in short: I made it. I ate it. I made it again. I ate it again. And when I started thinking about making it a third time, I wrote to Sarah to ask if I could tell you about it - if for no other reason than to believe that we might not be the only two people in the world wanting to eat this much egg salad.
Please take some time to look/see Shopping Golightly inventory and share what you think. I know, not thrift store prices. But, consider the time it takes to find the item, list it, associated costs from Etsy and Paypal, and then ship it. At first I priced a little lower than what I could have. That took me to the cleaners right fast. I don’t price aggressively. I’m not out to price gouge, just be a fair participant.
And just like the song, a beautiful day follows a beautiful night. Clear, sunny, the undisturbed snow flashing back sparkles, temperature rising into the 20s, all point to why this is the best month to be in Alaska.
Now that the prom thing is over, I can get back to writing. I wanted to be able to post pictures today, but it might have to wait until this evening or tomorrow morning. We shall see. I have the pictures on another computer. Anyway, today I was hit with a comment, and now I have a need to vent.
The good news is that we now have lots of examples from which to learn, and many mobile marketing mistakes are easy to avoid. Here are four to watch out for:
Is it possible that humans did not diverge genetically from apes? (let's be clear there is a huge difference between a monkey and an ape but both are primates. In fact there are three categories of primates; monkeys, apes and prosimians -- things like lemurs, etc.)
To grow these great plants in this fashion, you need to first dig up a garden like usual. Alternatively, you could sheet mulch in the late summer or fall, and do minimal digging. Form circular mounds a few inches high and 12-18 inches across, and make sure to give at least a foot and a half space between them. Around this time of year, start planting three or four corn seeds (use heirloom!) near the center. Some people say to make a circle with them. A couple weeks later, plant the beans, about 6 per mound. If it's a larger sized mound, plant them between the center and the edge; plant at the lip of the mound if it's smaller. Either at that time or a week or two later, plant the squash as well, planting between 6 and 12 seeds. If you planted the beans halfway between the center and rim, the squash can go on the rim. Otherwise, plant the seeds around the base of the mound. Some people also plant the squash in their own mounds between the corn/bean mounds.
Our lips merged. Her warm soft lips expressed her femininity in a subtle but powerful way. I lingered on them sharing the breath of her desire, drawing it into my lungs like the heady smoke of an exotic drug. We kissed sweetly, dwelling on the intoxicating effect that our kiss was having on both of us. There was something so public and daring about this kiss. Despite the darkness we were illuminated by the lamp above us. Kisses like the one we shared are usually reserved for the privacy of our bedroom, this was very public. It was extremely romantic and we are both incurable romantics.
Fortunately, we have arrived in time to hear the second class play their selections. It gives my two just enough time to mentally prepare, and yet not enough time for nerves to take over. And in a blink of an eye, their turn comes.
With vegetable peeler cut long strips of the zucchini. Put the zucchini strips into cold water for couple of minutes. Drain the slices.
Proceeds from sales directly benefit The Salvation Army of Missouri and Illinois
Day Twenty-five April 12
A Haunting Romance
Parts of the roll were very brittle,
“You’re famous Jake?”
We should call out these agencies for what they are: flim flam merchants who enable their fat cat buddies to rape worldwide economies. Every statement of theirs should be vociferously countered with any number of reports that show their incompetence and venality, and then we should tax and regulate the life out of them, and then, if that doesn’t shut them up, we should throw them in jail, regardless of whether or not they’ve done anything provably illegal: hell, lets rendition them to Guantanamo now that Libya won’t play torture ball with us.
We ate this for lunch last Sunday, and I cooked three pheasants, although of course, a brace is the norm.
For more info: 775-224-9158
now it's serious operation-immune-system-rebuild time over here. i mean, we already eat clean and healthy as a rule. especially bonzo. but it's all going to a whole new level now.
1. If you don’t learn the lesson the first time, you’ll keep going through it, but at different stages till you do.
A web video released by the Santorum Camping has news outlets from NPR to the LATimes in hysterics – from the LA Times S"antorum's 'Obamaville' ad links Ahmadinejad with Obama" [video] suggests that the Santorum Campaign directly compares the President with Iran’s Ahmadinejad, however, if one views the ad (see below) on can see that the focus is on policy – (See video below or link to You Tube here) the ad suggests the price of gas, the loss of jobs, fear of unemployment, small businesses closing down, and longer waits to see a doctor, before it goes into foreign policy, and the rise of the Iranian theocracy - The President is pictured in the video, but not in a comparative sense, it is an overview of predictions of the causes of President’s policies - all of them. One looking at this video entitled “Obamaville” might not consider it to be the best in cinematography, nor that much predictive of two years hence, especially when one considers that everything in the video, is happening now. However, it is the negatives spelled out regarding Obama that is the crux of the matter coming from one Rick Santorum. This is evidenced in the comments connected to the article and a distinct anti-Catholic tone.
We all do that but I think getting a fresh portrait of yourself is a good self image booster and then you spice up your online presence a little more – no harm in that! I am going for a portrait session for new images of MOI over the July long weekend. Will it be different to be infront of the camera instead of behind it… SURE WILL … but man am I excited for some new photos’ of myself. Maybe even Mr Mowgli will make an appearance in them. *** stay tuned ***
Aurghhhhhhhhh! He's only been home for 6 months! I like being able to text him and call him and visit him. I don't want to wear that worry again! RARF! No! Mom says NO!
The whole point of the article is that he hasn’t been performing as much this year as he did in his hot-out-the-gate season last year. Meanwhile, over at Real Sociedad, Carlos Vela (pictured above), on loan from Arsenal, has been spectacularly racking up goals. His latest was an overhead goal against Villareal. And if people weren’t paying attention to him before, this will surely put him on someone’s radar.
An old-fashioned plunger will usually do the trick. Place the plunger over the sink hole and create a seal. Pump until the block is gone. You may need to add some hot water and have a few goes.
This would line the pockets of dozens of judges and vice squad officers. Newspapers dubbed it the Tin Box Parade, "after one testified that he had found $360,000 in his home in a 'tin box...a wonderful tin box'" (Caro).
Happy repeal day!!
Then it would be time for self-flagellation, handwringing, and many long rants about how evil and racist we are.
I hope that there’s still something special in here, inside this mind, deep within my soul? I hope that there’s something in the centre of my eyes, in the pit of my stomach? I hope that there’s something unique that sets me far apart from all the other geezers, dreamers and thinkers?
Aside from the whopping 5-year support cycle, as opposed to the usual 3-years you get with an LTS release, Kubuntu 12.04 has a lot of features to be excited about (if you’re excited by this sort of thing.) KDE 4.8.2 is the smoothest experience I’ve had to date with the KDE 4.X series. It was even running smooth before I installed my graphics drivers and whopping 534 updates that awaited me after installing the Beta (don’t worry, said updates should be included in the release .iso.) Now it’s running even smoother. I won’t go over all the new features, but you can read about them in the release notes.
A wedding ring that won’t be worn now
I'm wearing:
"Our managed and tenanted/leased divisions felt the effect of the slow down in consumer spending and continued cost pressures. Despite this, we saw very good growth in our managed house food and accommodation sales. Good progress was also made with National Sales customers where our performance in pub groups has been particularly encouraging. Significant progress has also been made in our Take Home business. Our beer volumes for the year grew by 1.2% in a market that was 6.4% down on a national basis. Our cask ale volumes grew by 6% compared to the national market for cask which was circa 1.7% adverse. This means we continued to grow share across the year.
Every Kenyan is waiting with bated breath to find out the duo chosen to represent us at the Big Brother Africa StarGame. The reality show kicks off this coming Sunday and Camp Mulla are in the line up of the artists who will perform at the grand opening.
- chain shoulder strap with leather detail
Sunday was a rainy **** of a day. Agreed. Didn’t stop us from making a bomb ass vid w/ my brother in arms Remi King for music video “One Way Out”. Floatcam, Sony C300, and some bomb ass lenses. Despite the rain and cold, we got it done. Respect to our DOP Stil, Ben, Miriam, G and all those that helped out and made it happen.
Yet President Obama's Deputy Secretary of State Nicholas Burns has had cordial meetings with Brotherhood leaders in Egypt to discuss relations with the US, and Qaradiwi himself is actually employed by our State Department as I write this as an intermediary with the Taliban. And the EU nations are even less shy about meeting with Hamas and Brotherhood officials than our State Department.
When did 17 year olds become so judgmental?? I just hate that it makes me question my own motives. Am I making the right decisions? My daughter has been difficult (to say the least) for many years. She tends to have a very egotistical personality and can be very, very selfish. I asked her what she feels is changing by having Mark around more often. Does she feel like she has “lost” anything or have I required anything more of her and she says no. I have talked to family members and friends that know the situation and they all think that she is A) still coming to terms with me dating in general and B) trying to manipulate the situation. Even my own mother and father have said it.
Does anyone think there'd be any interest in compiling volumes (print on demand only) containing early, out-of-print issues of ST? I had in mind the first six or seven issues, which have been unavailable for years now. I would be prepared to publish compilations of these quite slim magazines, perhaps two per volume, on Lulu.com. They contain some excellent stories. However it would be a bit of a job because firstly I'd have to track down writers and get their permission, and secondly I would have to go through each issue to proof them more carefully - early numbers were often rather flawed (and not just the early ones).
21 Haircut
There are many different vitamins with which a vitamin deficiency of them can lead to acne problems. One such vitamin is Zinc. Zinc is one of the most important vitamins when attempting to fight and prevent acne due to its many uses and how important it is to the body and the skin. A vitamin deficiency in Zinc alone can cause acne breakouts and therefore maintaining healthy amounts of Zinc in one's everyday diet is very important for those looking to either combat their curre...
It was a fairly sunny day so it made for some good picture takin'
ASH Scotland
Written by: Adele Adkins / Paul Epworth
Well, it was yonks ago that I posted the first pictures of this Spanish sculptor's amazing brass sculptures of abstract female heads carrying elaborate headdresses. Since Fall is fast approaching and the sun is sinking lower and lower in a chilly sky, myself and a friend decided to wander up Broadway with our cameras to capture their amazing graphic lines.
I also feel lucky to have her. And like one of my favorite writers, Darin Strauss says, “If you feel lucky to be with your partner, than you have chosen well.”
Referring to a report by the former Animal Welfare Council he claimed that "such a massive injury could result in very significant pain and distress", particularly because the throat has a large number of nerve endings.
Educational neglect includes the allowance of chronic truancy, failure to enroll a child of mandatory school age in school, and failure to attend to a special educational need.
I don't have much experience with freezing Indian meals. It is because my weeknight meals take barely 20 minutes of hands-on time to make. Cooking every evening from scratch fits in well in my schedule. But it is certainly worthwhile to know what Indian (and other) meals freeze well. It comes in handy in various situations when you simply don't have the time to shop or cook but need the comfort of a meal at home. Freezer-ready meals are also a thoughtful gift for friends and neighbors who are dealing with a new baby, recovering from surgery etc.
“Why don’t you adopt?” friends would ask and we would say it’s not the same thing.
Virtually anybody who has had any contact with any government agency knows how inefficient, rigid and unresponsive such agencies are. So selling government power is a hard sell. Normally, therefore, Leftists can justify their love of government power only by claiming that government powers are needed for "compassionate" ends -- to provide charity or protection to those in dire need of it. So in modern political discourse "compassion" has come to be identified with government activism -- even if the effects of government activism are often far from compassionate in any comprehensive evaluation. The idea that large-scale compassionate results can be achieved by non-government or minimal government means is generally a complex one so the much more simplistic "get the government to pass a law" has wide appeal and wins lots of votes.
- My home
I grabbed his hand, brought it trembling to my lips.
1) At all colleges, there are exactly two fraternities, one of which is populated exclusively by obnoxious, uptight preprofessionals, and the other by likeable underdogs. (N.B., the underdogs remain underdogs by definition, even though it is obvious from the beginning of the movie that they will win all competitions and the obnoxious guy's girlfriend. It's magic.)
Here is my take on the savory pancakes. Not very Spanish, I am afraid, but somewhat a mix of Sicilian with a hint of smokiness. For the very very original from Toscana Taverna (meaning Tuscan tavern) in Madrid, please follow the above link :)
09. Café de la jungle - Telex / 1:08
Life is not sweet. One day it will be sweet
I did good this week and lost another 2 lbs. 16 total!
My insider tip? The quick way to spruce up any wardrobe is to add a statement accessory for a new take on an old look. If you’re a retailer looking for an easy way to give your store and window displays a make-over simply add or rearrange your accessories for a fresh and inspired new look.
Mary, Qacei and XuMei happily answered the door, graciously offering them our own special form of salvation. One of them accepted, the other declined, they both wondered what the H stood for.
Dr. Pravin Togadia is a Jain. Many Jain diamond merchants, traders, shopkeepers, builders, Corporates, industrialists donate money to the VHP. VHP has been aggressively involved in anti-muslin &
I remember feeling really grateful that Steve was there to push on my back, but irritated when it didn’t work. I felt really grateful when Angie held my puke bag, but irritated when it was too close to my nose and I could smell my puke. Grateful to Mom Flynn and Liz for the water and cold rags, but irritated that I had to tell them when I wanted them. I just wanted everyone to instinctively know what I needed- because I sure didn’t! I don’t remember feeling frustrated about any of the hand holding or foot rubs, though. Around this time my sister in law, Becky, went to my house to watch Evelyn so my Mom could be at the hospital.
Anyway, I am a sucker for complex, but in that novel the subplots took the reader out of the main story and were too big. So part of my editing was to focus the main plot, take the central thread and pluck off what was essentially a whole other story! I did in fact kill off two characters and lose the whole subplots around them. Not only did I not miss them, the story was better.
Mix vanilla sugar and cinnamon in a small saucepan.
Their statements hardly represent an overwhelming desire to spend NY State public taxpayer funds on the Kahn/FDR memorial Boondoggle. Why does Ms. Lappin make the FDR Memorial such a New York City Council funding priority over local Roosevelt Island organizations?
Jenny Lewis is such a contradiction of opposing beliefs and values. So is Jael. Plus, the idea that there is good inside that has trouble getting out is something Jael struggles with.
Whether it’s due to caffeine or just plain genetics, nannies are FULL of energy! When it comes down to it, we are known as “the biggest kid.” we play and run around with the little ones but also maintain our respect. We lead by example and play a significant role in how a child is raised. I must add however, that we do not replace mommy or daddy, but instead are that “extra pair of hands” that only enhance and help the parents out when needed. Parents want to come home and bond with their children and during the day time most parents are away at work which doesn’t leave much time for errand running. We create a balance for parents so that their time with their children is special and not full of mommy in the kitchen or the laundry room. I could ramble on and on about a nanny, but im pretty sure I gave a clear idea. But if you are still curious, or would just simply like to add a comment, please..DO SO!
We had fun in the sun last weekend. The adults(?) sat in chairs with our feet in the pool whist she jumped and played and splashed us.
Memory Box new "Petal Party" flowers (98304)
02 BLOOD FROM A STONE (Cycle V) 3'46
08 Drum Solo 03:57
Him: "I don't know! I don't know how you operate things around here."
No idea what this means. Do they refresh the 'evil occupiers?' Or have we roped in anti-Capitalist protesters now too?
As an homage to their one-year anniversary, I decided to wear a Kate-inspired outfit today.
We started off with cocktails - brilliantly mixed by Red, but worrying for an author who might have to speak coherently about her work. It felt strange to be back in the world of expat wives - to ask questions like ‘What does your husband do?’ And ‘How long are you here?’ But, true to form, expat women are open and friendly and inventive in the ways they find to transform a nomadic existence. By the time we sit down to dinner - and wine - I feel like I’ve never been away.
2 Jn 1:10-11 (NIV) If anyone comes to you and does not bring this teaching, do not take him into your house or welcome him. Anyone who welcomes him shares in his wicked work.
Immigration Minister Jonathan Coleman said yesterday there was ”no concrete evidence” the boat was trying to reach NZ, despite the placards held by passengers.
I've got to say, the food was fantastic as well. This place really has it all; lots of mountain charm, a laid-back atmosphere, and plenty of delicious food and beer. And I've got to give credit to their entire beer lineup, too. The Kölsch is crisp and clean, with a tinge of spiciness from the hops and a considerable amount of grainy Pilsner malt flavor. The Full Nelson was plenty hoppy for a regular pale ale, and the lager was definitely not without merit.
Because we love to party we thought we have kicked off our premier show a little early and thrown out a challenge both yesterday and today - and there is a new one coming tomorrow.....than the rest of the stars will come out and dazzle you for over 24 hours straight starting bright and
3 experiments
- Drytouch Mini Pod: These are made with 3 layers of microfiber terry and topped with microfleese. These are great as a doubler or for a newborn.
Sometimes I hear about other faculty and students not enjoying A Passage to India, and I find it incredibly strange. This book has all the elements of a good book: drama, tragedy, romance, poetry, and suspense, but I suppose no one can relate to an arse-licking character, although so many of us are trying hard to kiss our way up. Many cannot imagine pre-colonisation India, and many see the British civilising semi-naked people running around with spears in their mind’s eye. Many of us are guilty of still seeing the developing world in a similar way, and we pick on their objects of worship, their clothing, and their language. Non-Western translates to savage today. I am ashamed I have fallen into the trap of this ideology.
The first of Canada's trainees were hired at Atlantic Yards but recently got laid off as the souring economy caused the project's developer, Bruce Ratner, to delay the project. According to Ratner, it will take longer than anticipated to build the commercial skyscraper and 6,400 apartments that will surround a planned basketball arena.
I just come back from one month in Shanghai and I can say you are the most rude, uncivilised,﻿ uneducated people I EVER SAW.. I just could have kill some of you if I wasn’t in your country. My wife is chinese living in France and she was ashamed as well. Inhumans, full of hate, gold diggers, my god I cannot see any chinese anymore.
No french toast?
It's Mothering Sunday this weekend and to mark the day, my guest blogger and friend Fiona Dunbar has written this moving tribute to her mother, who herself had writing aspirations. Fiona is the author of the Lulu Baker trilogy which has been turned into the TV series Jinx, and the Silk Sisters trilogy which features a girl with the power to change like a chameleon. You can follow Fiona's blog here. Welcome to the Slushpile, Fiona!
Flowers were stamped with Memento blue ink with a Stamp by Judith E-171.
My project today is a layout which the resident who lives in this treehouse is very glad to have a tree to put roots down in. Hope you like it.
The progressive Dream Theater like Stasis and the acoustically driven ballad Silver Lining keep our attention and enjoyment firmly in the grasp of the band though both tracks do not quite spark the reactions the previous duo of tracks inspired. The album takes a defined rise though from Nightmare Lullaby on to its conclusion revealing further proof that S.I.Q. are a band that is destined for great things. Few of their songs make fleeting appearances but Nightmare Lullaby takes us on a ten minute plus journey of warm melodies and exhilarating songwriting. The track is irresistible, an invention offering evocative guitars and melodic interplay alongside harmonies which excite and touch the emotions in the way seventies band Horslips were skilled at. Arguably the track is a little overlong but there is never a moment it out stays it’s welcome.
Charlie's mother (the oddly-titled "Dowager Queen" - should be Queen Mother, surely?) is a scientist, a pretty hotshot physicist and chemist, who has accidentally invented a lethal weapon. And it's the plans for that which form the McGuffin of this story - the thing that Windlass must gain at all costs.
They talk about politics, too, and about how they kicked the Totskyites out of the SFNP but didn't have much to celebrate about it, and about how most of their friends have graduated by now. And about marriage; Jane confesses, "Maybe I'm just afraid of marrying you." She fears she;ll turn into an Emma Goldman type, but William assures her he wouldn't marry her just to save her from that (or from turning into a woman like his mother, Isabelle).
Neighbourhood Networks has been helping people integrate into their community for over 10 years. They have set up activities including a new Drama project which hopes to begin in the Spring.
Distinguishing Features: ALL AMERICAN VIBES
I rebuke and discipline.
Visit Theis Park and is open to the liberty kansas genealogy of Kansas. It is the liberty kansas genealogy that was filled with dining, lodging, shopping and entertainment district. It was the liberty kansas genealogy and soon after it gained popularity for farm animal's stockyards and slaughterhouses. Kansas City than visiting some of its location, Kansas leads the liberty kansas genealogy and it was hard for him to say goodbye, yet he felt it was officially organized as part of the liberty kansas genealogy, the Kansas State Treasury's Unclaimed Property Division has become since its founding in 1838 as the liberty kansas genealogy of Fountains.' One of the liberty kansas genealogy with professional soccer, hockey and tennis teams, and also plays host to a fair and speedy trial in the liberty kansas genealogy in this kind of job. In short construction in Kansas and Missouri rivers. It was home to Native Americans for over a hundred years ago.
C. Gordon Bell
Smith, John C. (1987). The History of Cryptozoology. Jones & Son (London).
I'm thankful that I slept in today, but was woken up gently by a 6-year-old bouncing on the mattress near my feet.
I got their early to beat the heat but even at 9 am, everyone seemed to be moving in slow motion. I came across this little guy which made me giggle. I have no idea what I'd do with him or where he'd go but I thought he'd make an interesting sculptural piece painted in a bright color and perched on his polished brass ball (what a fun accessory in a circus-y type kid's room). Alas, I convinced myself he was way too random and left him behind.
And with that understatement of the day, the Chan Gailey era got off to a bang with this game. It was the most lopsided result in the series, and the most points that Georgia Tech had ever allowed a Georgia team to score in a game.
Stone Old Guardian 08
And Jax the king of all wide things was tired of being so wide and wanted to be fittest and healthiest of all.
How do you select your novel settings?
- expensive
That’s all I have to rant about at the moment. I’m sure I’ll rant more later.
Is it just me or is it somehow disconcerting to read an article about another case of mad cow disease showing up in North America juxtaposed next to one about “beefing up your supper”?! Newspaper layout folks be primed for a ribbing…
It's called a hook.
pebble black-holes the surface
1/2 litre chicken stock
Later on, we walked around rainy Cranborne before finding shelter in the lovely old church. Along the church path, a very vocal black cat sat waiting on the window sill of this thatched cottage. He wanted to be let in out of the rain, but no one was listening.
Then all I said to Savannah was "Lets go on a walk" and she was waiting by the door! In this house we can't say it unless we mean it, or else we would have a heartbroken little girl.
(ii) don’t buy stuff you cannot try on and exchange later — if you do, be sure you know your size and measurements (and the garment’s) really well. Be critical of what you wear and don’t buy online a shape you never wore before (unless, again, you can return it if it does not fit). If you have particularly difficult proportions — such as breast size or stronger thighs: be extra extra careful, and perhaps opt out of purchasing items that may be ill-fitting in those areas on e-shops. I have a pair of shorts I cannot fit into after losing 10 kilos, I’m just hoping the last 5 will do the trick. They are extremely loose around the waist, and still too tight on my legs…
We see the tension or its lack in all our artefacts.
I was having a debate with an atheist on Facebook and this guy did nothing but duck and dodge by citations of peer-reviewed evidence, like the paper from December 2011 on the oxygen in the early Earth’s atmosphere, which destroys naturalistic origin of life scenarios. My favorite of his speculations was when he responded to the Big Bang cosmology by saying “one can easily envision a scenario in which the universe has existed eternally”. Or something like that. Atheists – always easily envisioning things that are falsified by the available experimental evidence.
Round 2 has been designed for the UK which is why the EDL has been so prominent to "Operation Breivik" because there you have an extreme right-wing organisation from which to recruit willing agents from, all dressed up in Knights Templar iconography, who are nothing more than right-wingers (wolves) in sheeps clothing.
Our hope now is that you simply continue as keep yourselves centered and grounded. You will likely find that you need to do that a bit more often in these next few days. Each of these successive waves now will be a bit more of a jump for you. But you are showing yourselves to be master surfers. We have much more confidence in you than you sometimes have in yourselves.
Because it's getting nearer
The 40-strong group of youngsters will make its way through a mix of old and new pieces as the Wollongong Conservatorium of Music acknowledges 25 years of sponsorship from the steelmaker - the longest-running arts sponsorship in Australia - in an event with very much the feel of a family reunion.
So left to my own devices while my husband was doing other things I was a baking fiend, I made Reese's Peanut Butter Egg Banana Bread, triple chocolate cheese cake, sugar cookies ( all delivered to friends) and of course I tried a few grilled cheese sandwich combinations. I do not know if I can win the Grilled Cheese Contest but I liked them.
So, this is crazy
As well as linking with Muslims, the military are preparing to shoot us if we protest against being dispossessed. Military personnel are being selected to form regiments prepared to shoot their own people.
1. Most Surprisingly Successful- Queen of Halloween Costumes…’Tis True was freshly pressed on October 15, 2010 and has garnered about 9,900 hits since then. It’s amazing how many emails I received from people who wanted me to give them specific ideas for their Halloween costumes. What a ride!
Now getting back to the occupants of that stricken vessel, they were still alive. Where there is life there is hope. Obviously Paul was right. He had insight from somewhere. If he was right in that would he not be right in other things as well. In their minds they should be thinking, “We would do well to hear what he is saying.”
Other research advances around this time included work showing that giving aspirin as soon as possible following ischaemic stroke led to a small reduction in related deaths and dependency and studies showing that transient ischaemic attacks (TIAs), or mini-strokes, were often precursors of full-blown strokes and shown be treated accordingly. Various studies, culminating in a Cochrane systematic review in 2005, found that discharging patients early from hospital and providing home-based rehabilitation improved outcomes.
This is God telling the Israelites before they enter the promised land, that, WHEN (not if) they will desire a King over them (Instead of God), that King should not build up armies, nor become a polygamist, nor become a rich man, desiring gold.
I make this dish regularly in the winter as it’s such perfect comfort food. It does involve a little work and more than one pot, but the result is a very filling and satisfying pasta with lots of nutritional value. Many recipes have this as a soup dish, but I prefer serving it as a less liquidy side or main dish.
To make matters worse, the entire Signet Council has descended upon Austin for its ten-year summit, bringing with it Prime James Hart of the Northeast, a sworn enemy come to take his revenge on those who defied him. As Hart’s machinations lead to outbreaks of violence across the South, Miranda and David receive an unexpected offer of help from David’s sire, an ancient and powerful vampire with knowledge that may be their salvation - or their doom.
Brandon turned five last week and went out to iHop to celebrate. (Don’t blame me, that’s where he wanted to go.) He ordered Lorax pancakes with pink frosting on the top, but once he discovered they were pink he refused to eat them. “Boys don’t eat pink stuff.” Ronnie had to trade his regular pancakes for Brandon’s pink pancakes. I guess it’s okay for men to eat pink stuff.
Say “Hello” to Manchester’s new Mr Smooth. The coolest operator in town wa s seen working his charms on the touchline of the Etihad Stadium after 75 minutes of the 163rd and most momentous Manchester derby yet.
Taste for sweetness and refrigerate until ready to use.
I remained nervous for the few weeks when I would arrive to exercise. I usually avoided eye contact with everyone, came in my workout clothes so I didn’t have to spend any time in the locker room, and stuck to the cardio machines with my headphones in. Slowly, I felt more at ease. I saw other bigger people working out beside me. I figured out that most people at the gym were pretty focused on what they’re doing, and don’t pay any mind to the other people in the room. There were plenty of the jacked-up musclemen I presumed would be there, but they weren’t intimidating. And, in addition to them, there were lots of people of other shapes and sizes, too.
I like to chill the bowl I will make the whip cream in before I use it, but that isn't necessary.
The Beginning and the End.
Give me the shores and wharves heavy-fringed with black ships!
Ms. Applegate was charged with one count of conspiracy to commit burglary, one count of burglary and one count of theft of moveable property, all third-degree crimes. She has been entered into the New Jersey Wanted Persons database.
2010.08.02 Afghanistan Kandahar 5 1 Five children are blown apart by a suicide car bomber.
but everything that happens to me, that I can affect, or that affects me.
If you're like me, you'll find yourself nibbling on the leftover. And like me, you'll probably notice that it's pretty much flavorless sawdust at this point. However, it's still usable - try toasting it lightly in a dry pan on the stovetop. But keep in mind that there's not much moisture left, so watch carefully that the coconut does not burn.
I play The Nursery Rhyme Song..with Blue Monkey playing open strings..and Black Rat playing her new learned notes in various random order as she mumbles the names of the keys under her breath.
This bill comes from a law firm in Mississippi. One of the firm's clients is a big utility company, Entergy. And in Mississippi the Democratic attorney general has a three-year lawsuit going against Entergy. His question is whether Entergy manipulated prices and overcharged consumers. So this seems like the kind of case that could be reined in by the ALEC Attorney General Authority Act.
Child of God
This week’s YA Indie Carnival topic deals with our Work In Progress (WIP). I can’t reveal too many scenes with the new Book 2 (I write scenes as they come to me, usually out of order. Would hate to spoil anything just yet). So I thought I’d share a WIP of my YA book. It’s currently titled SuperNova but that’s just the project name for now.
Were at the best place around
He is my God, and I will praise Him;
Second blog done. Uploaded by mobile phone.
feasts. He had to slow things down a bit and would intersperse his
Potassium = 400 mg (10% of daily recommended value)
It was all contained within the womb and nothing had the chance to spread.
Start with the non-equity partners. In January 2000, predecessor firm Dewey Ballantine had 118 equity partners and 21 non-equity partners. At the time, its eventual merger partner, LeBoeuf Lamb, had a similar ratio: 187 equity partners and 33 non-equity partners. Between them, they had 305 equity partners and 54 non-equity partners.
Well, wouldn't you know it. It turns out that this lady-about-town spent a vast amount of her time writing letters. Unless it is written to, or mentions, Chopin or somebody equally famous then the letter just has interest but no monetary value. There are hundreds of these letters out there. My letter, which is on monogrammed notepaper, is just chit-chat about a holiday, although her writing is hard to read.
P.S. I’ve finished ME 3 now. I still don’t agree with the entitlement attitudes or the excessive angst, nor do I think that making an alternate ending is a good idea, but I now understand why there is a controversy. I really don’t know how I feel about the ending. It could have been much worse, all we’ve done could have been cheapened, and it wasn’t. It might be in a DLC alternate ending though.
7. Fasting still moves the heart of God.
In these difficult financial times it is imperative that we allocate the library’s collection budget in a manner that will provide the best tools for the majority of our users. Unfortunately that means having to make difficult decisions regarding resource cancellations. The CU system libraries have decided to cancel their supporter membership to BioMed Central effective April 10, 2012. Please rest assured that almost all of BioMed Central’s content is open access so Anschutz Medical Campus users will continue to maintain access to the journal articles. The CU system libraries are cancelling our supporter membership which gave authors a 15% discount on the author fees to publish in a BioMed Central journal. What the CU system libraries found after reviewing our supporter membership is that very few faculty took advantage of the discount and that even with the discount faculty members still had to pay a large fee.
I don't even like sugar cookies but these are truly good; crisp on the edge yet soft in the center with speckles of vanilla beans.
Transitional kindergarten is the first of a two-year kindergarten experience.
There comes a cool calmness with my old line of work.
Heat the oil on the pan and deep fry till wonton mix become brown and cooked , serve with ” mie ayam ( chicken noodle soup) or as a snack with chilli sauce dipping ,
© Copyright New Dawn Magazine, http://www.newdawnmagazine.com. Permission to re-send, post and place on web sites for non-commercial purposes, and if shown only in its entirety with no changes or additions.
This issue, and in fact the whole run of Captain Britain and MI13, should have formed an easy touchstone for any new writer inheriting the character. Heck, I feel pretty sure that the new writer in question, Rick Remender, owns a copy of Age of Heroes #1 - because it was his Doctor Voodoo story which also featured in it.
Hope you like the cards. They were lots of fun to create and lend themselves to using many different colour combinations.
“I, my wife and daughter have performed a DNA test twice in July 1998. Both results proved that the allegations were untrue.
Then I came across images of elite runners in knee high socks, winning marathons. At first I wasn’t quite aware that the socks were compression wear. I thought they were just trying to keep themselves warm! Made me wonder why they wouldn’t just wear tights. Of course, Google quickly enlightened me.
A Perfect Storm by Lori Foster
10Now when they came to the country by Jordan in the land of Canaan, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh put up there, by Jordan, a great altar, seen from far.
~ the avalanche in Vertical Limit (Chris O’Donnell)
“All right,” as an afterthought, “By the way, his name’s James Stevens,” in response to her patron’s mistakenly inquisitive look, the server went on, “In case you decide to read that poem.”
18/04/2012 1340BST Update: CNN: 170 women and girls were hospitalized with suspected poisoning. See http://edition.cnn.com/2012/04/18/world/asia/afghanistan-girls-poisoned/index.html?eref=edition&utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=cnni
When you become a mom, your life changes in a million different ways. Becoming a mom is a blessing and a miracle. It's also challenging, rewarding, thrilling, and, sometimes, downright heartbreaking. As a mom, I love helping children who really need help, and the one place I always donate to is the Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario.
I did a little research and found that studies have found that there is a link between t.v watching and long-term attention problems. In one study, kids were given a task immediately after watching Sponge Bob Square pants and the more they watched, the dumber they got (paraphrased)
Good Morning blogland, I'm wondering as I type this if it's actually going to have stopped raining yet!
8. Pierre Gauthier refused to speak English to coach Cunneyworth causing all sorts of communication problems.
Now the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs is denying Greek media reports that a Turkish Petroleum Company is carrying out oil exploratory works along the Greek continental shelf in the Mediterranean Sea.
~ Did I mention we have NO MORE Thursdays and Fridays left??? Our last day is Wed., and it's a half-day, so you know what that means: Hardly any of the kids will show up. Today is my last day of speech therapy, and 2nd-4th grade is having field day.
When I burst through the bed room door last night, hands on my hips and lips pursed, Paul had a pretty good idea he was about to go face to face with pregnancy craziness. After all, he's accompanied me on the pregnancy journey enough times to recognize the signs. I imagine there are pregnant women out there who don't encounter this sort of craving-related craziness, however I am clearly not one of them.
I love seeing my friends succeed. Especially my younger friends. I love seeing them encounter a challenge and be able to overcome it.
“You!” said Johan to Charles who was tied up in the chair, “how do we close the secret door?”
Having just finished Roger Jacob’s play Last Summer at the Marmont (2012) and about halfway through jazz musician Ry Cooder’s Los Angeles Stories (2011), both set obviously in the famed city of angels, I’ve an increasing desire to eventually travel to the strange and infamous place.
-envy
I think a word that I, and some others, have used is "eclectic". I try to use diverse pieces in my art, whether it be found objects, metal from a hardware store or my own handmade, one of a kind, art embellishments using polymer clay. Makes you want to reach out and touch it. (Heartfull)
He couldn’t think of anything to write, so he wrote about what came across his mind. He leaned back in his chair and thought. Then Henna came home carrying something that looked distinctly drowned.
I used my beloved Pure Ice French Kiss for the base. Then added hot pink hearts in Zoya Lolly., a little dab of Color Club Blue Light & finished with lines of Zoya Marley. You can be very messy with everything & if you happen to add a bit too much polish when adding the lines, you can very easily go back & add a few lines in your base colors.
For some of the free e-tutorials or e-pictorials you can obtain them the same way or click on a link in a website and/or blog and it either opens up a new window containing the .PDF file or it opens the .PDF file directly and it becomes visible on your computer.
The sentiment is from the Everyday Button Bits set by PTI. The bit of bling and some Stickles on the largest image finished off this simple one layer card.
Consider that in a country that still celebrates Christopher Columbus Day in 2012, and where Arizona’s SB 1070 law enjoys 58% support among Americans*, that perhaps “the 99%” is not representative of all of our declared principles. We have to be honest with ourselves about this distinction if we’re to grow into a potent and irresistible political force.
Here is the trailer:
I hereby pledge to stand by the city of Longmont and fight for our freedom.
I'm not busy.
TA
6 The San Francisco Chronicle on a girl with a funny talent. Some people can wiggle their ears. Others can cross their eyes or whistle like a bird. And then there’s a girl named Sarah whose funny talent is especially entertaining—and unique. The 13-year-old from Sydney, Australia, can make her eyebrows dance. Sarah, whose last name and back story are unknown, posted a video of herself performing impressive eyebrow dance moves to music last week and became an Internet sensation in a matter of days. Her YouTube video, “Girl with a Funny Talent,” has been viewed more than 7 million times.
world music label) who hooked her up with the Trio, and equally
Robert Thomas Jordan, 34, Williston, N.Y.
Hey Hanna. Thanks for taking the time out to talk to me about your new film ‘Blood Runs Cold‘.
Which is lost in Long Ago---
And that was fine with me. You see, I'd naively latched onto the idea that Shakespeare was "really hard," and, as an insecure perfectionist, I didn't want to risk my GPA on the supposedly incomprehensible work of a dead British playwright. Give me, instead, the comparative safety of shark dissections, chemical equations, and essay writing!
If you're an ordinary man-in-the-street, it's because you didn't write a note to the company saying "I'm really sorry, but while you continue to run that piss poor advertising that is insulting my intelligence, I'm not going to buy your product anymore"
Mitchell Joachim does just that — you can hear it in his voice, you see it in his body language — and he does it in a wide-open, imaginative and serious-but-lighthearted whimsical way that nudges us to think beyond our limits and unbind our mind.
Alix has to dig very deep to find the courage to hide Mohammed. She has to lie to the police and her mum and she feels enormously guilty. Without Trudy by her side this would have been an impossible time for her. Alix’s Dad has run off with another woman, her beloved Grandpa is dead and Mum is helpless and needy. Samir also has a difficult story as an asylum seeker himself and then there is Mohammed’s terrifying experiences. Throughout Trudy remains faithful and true, comforting Alix when she is wet and cold and dispirited and sticking by her when she falls out with her Mum and the mean girls at school.
I am hoping for a finish soon. :) She is stitching up pretty quick.
Hal decides to strike up a one-sided conversation with Nikki while she catches some rays in her bathing suit. His idea of an ice-breaker is to start making silly sex jokes about Muffy's name. Smooth, Don Juan. Chazz isn't having much better luck flirting with Nan. He pretends to sneeze on her, then mocks her when she attempts to tell him about the book that she's reading, Paradise Lost. He then shows her what he's been reading. I'll give you a hint: it rhymes with "shplornography". Then we get a montage of all of our couples boring each other to death with silly dialogue.
We would love your prayers for a safe and healthy pregnancy, baby, and delivery!
Tells you with a smile so sweet,
But for her… “Huzur içinde yatsın,” he said.
* 40$ each calendar/10$ for an individual month (makes a nice, framed print)
Mango with bagoong (shrimp paste)
As the show progressed, the flashbacks switched unexpectedly to flash forwards then finally to a parallel “what-if” timeline that afforded characters an opportunity for a new life with new choices to make. A renewed existence was offered with a tabula rasa on which their redemption as characters could become palpable in an off-island world.
they are just two little books that
The pint size actor registered his name in the married peoples club regardless of his size.
Oppsie
Having systems in place, a booth that is well put together, an ad that is well constructed with great copy, a 3 month marketing campaign prior to your event, and the energy to meet and greet your customer is essential.
31 5 41.98N , 121 11 29.72 E
Selected Hello Rookie of July
Now, to complete the dreamslack production as best I can so that you get O more fuller sense of what I'm talkin' about, there was a cool soundtrack running during the dream. Not loud and blaring, but if you listened you could definitely hear it, and yet Rick and I could still talk and hear each other without yelling.
3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2032 SF on 5000 SF lot. Built in 1920. Property located in the historic 1st ward art district. Minutes to Downtown, access to major freeways, great up and coming neighborhood. Walking distance to new developments. Ideal for tear down and build or rehab for rental.
I plan on spending Tatting Day this year with a friend of mine named Julie. She is the chair of the Bonneville Tatters Association. She is a very sweet friend who is supplying the chocolate and I will be showing and telling some new goodies.
Green Flash Brewing Co. Green Flash Imperial India Pale Ale
We’ll live in the bunker I built ‘neath my house.
Mostly animal related art. I sell paintings and prints, as well as glass pendant necklaces that feature my art. I also make pillow animals from paintings. And I sell a few cryptozoology-themed items
You are declaring a bit of your personhood more by being demanding, such as when you want to nurse NOW and cannot be dissuaded. Or when you want to be outside. Or pet the cat.
one day, the next a box of stuff?
“She would demand that her agents take her friends to restaurants. They’re not taxi drivers and they refused, as they should. But she threw a fit and because of that, she got her detail leader removed.
The fact of the matter is we already have some of the best bomb detection “technology” available to us, that would lead to more job opportunities and long term employment. It has an amazing rate of success, is able to give an immediate profile with no prejudices inherited to its system. And for every new scanner placed in an airport ten-twelve explosive detection “systems” could be deployed. I am of course talking about K-9 bomb detection units.
Please Note: Only one entry from each email address. The competition closes on 9th May, and the winner will be contacted by email on that day. If the winner does not respond after two days, another entry will be chosen.
They dance, oh, they danced till they bled… There were green
Michael Scott Carlo, 34, New York, N.Y.
The big aggregates reported here do not convey the level of tragedy experienced in the lives of every single individual here. They leave behind shattered families and wrecked communities. There is an unbearably sad story behind every single statistic.
Not that anyone going into Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2 is going in for a realistic depiction of murderous madness, a la Henry: Portrait Of A Serial Killer, but when your headlining killer's biggest contribution to the Mad Slasher world is the creation of an awkward Internet meme ("GarBAGE Day!!!"), suffice it to say there's not much hope that he's going to be all that threatening. He can electrocute as many people he wants to with battery cables, impale them on umbrellas, strangle them with car antennae, and shoot innocent bystander after innocent bystander - but he is not a threat: he's more like a "Saturday Night Live" character they introduce at about the 1:00 AM mark.
What can possibly have inspired this captain Amadou Sanogo to execute this coup? Does he seriously think that a coup is going to make an end to the "incompetence" he accuses A.T.T.'s government of in handling the Tuareg crisis in the north?
Another person, dressed in a loose white coverall and strange goggles over their eyes, tries to pass her twitching body to leave the room through the doorway behind her. A burst of heat rushes through her, and she suddenly bounds to her feet and is on the man. She squeezes at his soft arms and suddenly begins heaving, vomiting a thick, milky stream of burning liquid from her mouth and nose. The man falls to the floor, clutching and scraping ineffectually at the substance, gasping and crying out in panic that his skin is burning.
Or any of their idols, to see and understand
E: i would spend it on a new fancy nancy book
That's what faith can do!
This year due to the fact that baby prince maybe arriving early we will not be going.
Derek Raymond – Jack the Ripper, a Novelist’s Speculation New
Simply e-mail your question using the e-mail link you'll find here and if it's the one I decide to use, Tide will send you a free Odor-Absorbing Sports Bag. Your question can be about running, training, racing, beer drinking, or some combination, and no question is too basic, fundamental or esoteric. Look forward to hearing from everyone!
I tried four different writing software programs and three different writing processors.
Treasuring God in Our Traditions by Noël Piper is a short, concise, and straight to the point book, just begging to be read by you if you desire to create God and Gospel-centered traditions in your home. Sprinkled with real-life stories from the Piper home, I got a taste of what it looks like to have Jesus be the center of literally every movement in a house.
Author: YASMINE YAHYA
And by-the-by: happy 100th blog!! It's hard to believe I've actually written 100 of these therapeutic passages...even harder to believe that someone has read them. So thank you! I'd like to say I've got 100 candles to blow out, but would a cup of tea suffice? Cheers! xxx
simultaneously we're are the game and in the game plot
Sendak also illustrated the Canadian children's TV cartoon series called Little Bear based on the books written by Else Holmelund Minarik. Little Bear was one of my favourite TV series to watch when my son was a toddler. I loved Little Bear.
The automatic is designed with sharp adjusts and elegant lure. The car was created bi with bigger doors and windows to make the people feel ethereal and roomier. A thick steel adornment on top of the rear number plate soothes numerous eyes. The following motor vehicle is an excellent blend of elegance and performance.
Why an American cemetery in the suburbs of Paris? Most of the 1,500 some headstones mark the graves of personnel who served in World War I, many of them victims of the Spanish flu who died in a nearby military hospital. Others served in various capacities in World War II and for various reasons were never repatriated. Thanks to the generosity of the French state, the land was given to the U.S. for its perpetual use, free of charge or taxation.
We need hope to repent. “And everyone who has this hope in Him purifies himself, just as He is pure” (1 John 3:3). We must be motivated and compelled by our confident expectation in Jesus Christ, who never disappoints. We are motivated by God’s love being His children and knowing that when He is revealed, “we will be like Him, for we will see Him as He is” (1 John 3:1-2). Hope provokes purity. We purify ourselves in obeying the truth and being born again by the Word of God (1 Pet. 1:22). We set our hope fully on the coming grace by being obedient and not being conformed to lusts (1 Pet. 1:13-16). We are born again to a living hope (1 Pet. 1:3-4). Have you been born again? Do you have this hope? See what it means to be born again here.
Royle
204 9. “Law. Lawyers, and Property.” See Item C-1984(2), above.
madly from the sky like pheasants
The market opened up in 1972 on the cobbled yards outside the old warehouses and has become world famous. We had a festive mulled wine from Santa to keep us warm.
to one and all! Most women I have known, whether a mother or not, are to be celebrated for their bounteous, nurturing qualities. The love and joy that women bring into this world shapes and molds it like no other human force for good. Literally, the hands that rock the cradle bless us all.
1.) Will I have lost enough weight to be photogenic/pleased with my shots??
The comment I wrote, although critical of the premise of Ms. Dowd's article, essentially positing that the November election was a done deal for President Obama and taking issue with the notion that no person of intelligence could support Mitt Romney or Rick Santorum while dissenting from the notion of being an id unbridled, also issued a plea that there at least be a modicum of civility in the debate. More specifically I wrote:
So imagine my curiosity when I came across what was purported to be a pre-FM set of tJL Peel Sessions. The few times I've heard non-official pre-FM Peel Session tracks - by any band - are because the band themselves had a copy. So I obtained the fileset, got even more intrigued when reading the info file that came with it, and, well, listened. And I was blown away.
"We don't have Hallmark in my country," he said. "We only have TV1, which is reserved for my speeches, and TV2, which is reserved for my wife's motivational fireside chats.
I would like to introduce Ambassador Murata’s letter to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to convey this urgent message, and also his letter to Japan’s Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda, for Japanese readers. He emphasized in the statement that we should bring human wisdom to tackle this unprecedented challenge.
Blue Agenda Earn 1 star
Patrick:"Because it's the endure one. You arise aback actuality later."
And he stood like a giant too.
- Tesla is a California startup focusing on all-electric vehicles, with a number of celebrity endorsements that is backed by investors that have contributed to Democratic campaigns.
All you need are strips of cloth about 6 inches long and 1 in wide and wet hair. We've done it right after Sweetie takes a bath in the evening and I just cut up an old pair of ripped pants into our strips of cloth.
Please do not read this article glibly. This issue is huge. It is not just a fad young people go through. This whole thing was inspired by Satan himself and so many already have been oppressed and bound because of it.
8. Southampton Dock (2:39)
There will always be “another woman” in your life, like it or not. This woman has and will have a great impact on your life, at least until the kids are grown. This could be a veritable gleesome threesome—or it may not. Society now encourages step and bio moms to get along. Studies show that an amicable relationship between the women helps the kids tremendously. It did in our case. That doesn’t make it easy. This Mother’s Day, go do something nice for yourself. It takes a special woman to open her heart to a family like this and dedicate herself to making it work.
9. Sweet! It’s still around, and has become rather irritating to still hear.
Government has become its own worst enemy when it comes to the economy, with public spending putting a damper on growth that otherwise continues at a steady if unspectacular pace.
this super cute box to put our pennies in when we find them!! "see a penny pick it up and all day long you'll have good luck"
Late to work one day and have a bit of lead foot? Rate increase. Miss the speed limit sign? Rate increase. Forget to signal at a light? Rate increase. Seems crazy, doesn’t it? You already were punished with a pricy ticket, and then you find yourself hit again with a rate hike.
The restless cuckoo absent long
Crafts, snacks, face painting, music and more!
I strive for it, we all do - in some shape of form. It can be little things or big things.
Sew your bib with right sides facing together, leaving about a 4-inch opening on the side.
:: delicious snacks ::
Nothing is ever impossible if you set your mind to it! The thrill and rush of adrenaline as you cross that finish line is amazing. You have completed something special, and no one can take that away from you!
Images have been colored with my copic markers and Stickles have been added to her dress, crown and veil.
And we are worried about reforming a generation that is already mostly lost to us? Well, I won’t argue that too seriously. No stone should be left unturned. But we put so much of our resources and efforts into unlocking doors that have already been shut against us while we studiously ignore the doors that are still open. How can we squander our slim opportunity to make a vital intercession in the next generation of potential arts lovers?…. Just WHAT are we thinking? Isn’t the key to hold onto the kids who already swim the seas of creativity before life beats it out of them? Isn’t that our best shot?
An Interview with Jim Webb
A powerful beauty, her hair is shorn close to her head (no time for vanity here) and her sandaled feet are dusty. Always, there is at least one child tethered to her body. Her hands are never empty because they are always at task. She doesn’t get coffee breaks or vacations, or time to unwind. Her work is never done.
Tshika recommended that the fencing be removed and replaced with a brick boundary wall – which happened.
How in 1993 Sauber’s first Formula One car prompted a major shift in transmission technology
Come see my latest show next month; I play the actoid, Jacie. See if you can spot items from my own wardrobe in the production!
But don't get me started on isles and aisles.
Adjustable straps
It’s amazing how quickly one adjusts to new experiences. The life of a backpacker can seem a little strange and daunting at first, but after a short time the border crossings, the hustlers, the buses and the constantly changing environment become something to be taken in stride. So much so that at times you need a taste of normality just to remind you what life is like back
Annual and Article
Clever, touching, funny … there won’t be many movies all year that make me leave the theater with a bigger smile on my face and spring in my step than THE MUPPETS.
The only relationships discussed in the film relate to son and father (so much akin to Zvyagintsev’s The Return), women are objects of pleasure (as wife, illicit lover, and prostitute) and memory (to be captured on still film, as well). Aist the writer has called his story “The Buntings”, birds of the sparrow family. We are shown two buntings in a cage which accompany the two main characters on their journey. One would have assumed the suggested parallels are between Aist, the narrator, and the widower Miron. When you sell a pair of buntings, it is often a pair of birds of the opposite sexes. The parallel suggested by Aist the story-writer relates to Miron and his dead wife, Tanya.
I would answer that there are no signs. You are what you are, and if a witch is what you be, a witch you will be.
Speaking of drops…Daniel’s eyes have been gunky again. Again?!? They were good for about two weeks, and have now been gunky (though not as bad as before) for about 10 days. Groan, moan, complain some more. (Here’s another petty and irrelevant complaint about all the money we spent to get those suckers open!) When I talked to the doctor (not a nurse or a tech…the doctor!), I heard what I never thought I’d hear (or ever wanted to hear) out of a doctor’s mouth: “Oh No!” No, it’s not life-threatening, nor is it even eye-threatening. But, in the words of the doctor, “Well, we may just have to go BACK in and put in stents.” For now, we have to start eye drops again, and go see the ophthalmologist…again.
And the powers-that-be will arrange a
Chinese herbalists also use the bud of Magnolia liliflora in healing. The Chinese name for magnolia flower is xin yi hua. Note that in Chinese herbalism, magnolia bark and magnolia flower are considered different herbs with different properties and uses.
1 agitated
"For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us; Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace; And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby: And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh. For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father."
Now as this is in a tiny hamlet, with small streets, the only way the driver thought he could maneuver was to put the nose of the truck in the field opposite the house.
Football - soccer.
Mall or Mail order
The most effective of the online stay porn, grownup webcams & sex chat. Enjoy the firm of sizzling webcam models, attractive nude cam women, lesbians, guys & couple sex.
Title: The Descendants
Lonas Edgar Bailey
Fleischer sees three viable approaches to the new rules, depending on the complexity of companies’ data processing requirements.
I also really liked the supporting characters in the novel. The unicorn kills me and Abby’s friends are great. I also enjoyed Abby’s interactions with the Warcraft-playing demon. I wasn’t totally thrilled with Brystion, her love interest or, perhaps more rightly, her sex partner. As an incubus, he brings a lot of sexy time to A Brush of Darkness. I didn’t find him to be a super interesting character in that respect but I did appreciate the insights he brings to Abby’s nature, as a Dreamer. This is one part of the novel that I found very interesting and fun since it’s a relatively novel (ha ha, pun?) idea in the urban fantasy genre. Since being a Dreamer is something of a revelation for Abby, her exploration of what it means to be a Dreamer is a good way for the reader to learn what it’s all about, and Allison Pang does a good job of teasing what the possibilities are. I’m looking forward to reading more of Abby’s adventures, though I’m not sure when another book might be released.
Regardless if you're Olivia being perfect, a supermodel turned rock star, a fucking hippie on the weekends or a dude in a vintage dress seems like Coachella had it all when it came to fashion! These are some of my favorite looks floating around the interwebs...Chanel Iman fucking killed it btw!
This was first announced in 2008 and I think the wait has been patient enough.
I was disappointed to find no fresh devices in Wonder Struck. The story is good; it's very well told, too, but Mr. Selznick is using the same sort of visual tricks he used in Hugo Cabret: repeating the same scene but gradually pulling back to reveal details that change what we think of the scene and lots of drawings of children running through large scary urban spaces for example. There is so much ephemera picturing the Museum of Natural History over the years that I was surprised to find none of it in Wonder Struck. No photographs, no antique maps, no diagrams or newspaper articles. Mr. Selznick's drawings are marvelous, he is one of the best illustrators currently working in any format, but I missed the use of photographs that helped bring so much fun to Hugo Cabret.
So those bonds would be well behind requests made by many other developers seeking to make use of a very limited pool of affordable housing financing, a situation Shaun Donovan, commissioner of the city’s Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) told Congress last May was a “crisis” threatening 6700 units in the city’s pipeline.
But, last night my kid and I howled at the moon. And today, his dad and I worked together for same such kid's well-being and education. The good stuff, not in the curriculum. Schools don't tend to teach our kids what they need. They weren't designed to.
I also want to thank the lovely people who have left comments and well wishes in my last post. I do not intend to be such a downer but sometimes, life really gets to you, you know? Anyway, thank you very much! The world can definitely use more people like you guys. Spread the love! Bless your hearts.
Today will mark the first time I have featured a guest blogger. I could not have asked for a better one. Alton Higgins is the Chairman of the Texas Bigfoot Research Conservancy, a college professor of Biology, wildlife biologist, and a noted birder. He is also my good friend.
i have something to tell you…. something you’ll like….a lot.
She told how she begged her husband of 12 years to stop the attack for the sake of their children, but he continued and tried to have sex with her, forced her to have sex with the badly injured boyfriend and ordered the castration.
Among the broad range of vague offences included under this Bill, are the threat to public order or security, and disaffection against the Yang di-Pertuan Agong.
One Round = 570 Reps
So, here we go, this will serve four greedy people and six not so greedy people!
Remain Blessed,
but there is no more comfort
I'll look to his love in all things
For you and I
Charles P. Pierce, Esquire Magazine
The Back story...two weeks ago, the IRS froze my sisters bank accounts because she and her not-yet-ex-husband decided not to pay takes in 2009, and the ex was in deep shit with the IRS on 2010. Mind you, we've all been telling her for 2 years that she needed to get her divorce final, because as long as she was legally married to him, his creditors could come after her. so, 2 yrs later, she's still not divorced. So the IRS froze her accounts. I guess they owe in excess of $20,000 together, and he owes another 30,000 on his own. Once she proved that they had been separated for 2 yrs, they unfroze her accounts while they investigated, and informed her that they may levy her accounts.
Typical indoor office environment. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
I think everyone involved will be better for it.
My family has been lucky enough to holiday twice at Trullo Solari. The first time during the summer that they opened, in the over 40c heat. Phew!
If you want a movie that's not scary, but is sweet and thought provoking, I would choose "Beginners."
As in the past, such a trip involves a wide range of interactions and emotions. As always, seeing and spending time with family is the greatest highlight. Spending time with my little grandson is an experience that can not be expressed by mere words.
"At Rest"
Adhesives: Double sided tape, foam tape and Glossy Accents
The article began with this statement: “This article is going to make many people mad but I ask you to just think about what I am saying. The First, Parents are not involved in the education process. Second, Instead of praising education we marginalize it as African Americans. Third, we accept mediocrity as the standard in the Black community.” I will capture and quote parts of the article because I think the writer was on point.
I’m ashamed of us.
Andddd, a mystery prize!! You just won’t know until you receive it!
Then we realised the detour would add somewhere between 30 - 45 mins onto our drive. It was close to lunch time, four children in the car, catastrophe looming...the mister and I could see the Château de Lourmarin in the rear view mirror which we still hadn't visited. So Lourmarin it was.
More and more real estate professionals are taking video of the interior and exterior of properties. While you still need to do your best to make the video complimentary, people tend to be more forgiving of this medium and you can show many aspects of a single room or view with video in a way that you cannot with still photos.
6. Younger Than Yesterday
Contributors to Paradise 2
or balancing kids activities...
While we can decypher and “get through it” something is lost.
18. Unschoolers believe workbooks, textbooks, curriculum and school are most beneficial when used willingly.
The story itself and the plot contains much more "showing" than "telling", there aren't much words in here which is a plus and minus at the same time. The good thing about it is that it immerses you in this bleak and desolate world because there's not really much to talk about when you're alone in the middle of nothing. On the bad side it makes the plot harder to follow. Sometimes you find yourself wondering what the hell is going on because when the characters do speak they say something completely different from what you thought was happening. Although this happens sometimes you can still catch up with the story as it goes on.
see it in flash
SB: Thank you, Lord.
5. Charles Bronson - As Fucked As Gator
ENOUGH OF THIS! This man is SICKER THAN SICK in my opinion! And Huffington Post? I can’t believe you ran this article! Hell I can’t even believe I’m ranting about it here!
Now. Since lots of posts have featured dragons in the past few days, let’s move on to something else.
He seduced her with his ever so sexy accent. She beguiled him with her deliciously kissable mouth. Their hands touched. Cannon-like blasts erupted creating impassioned sparks and thunderous booms unleashing their restrained passion.
Terrapin Pumpkinfest
Never ask me a question unless you want me to annoyingly overanalyze it.
Greet one another with a kiss of love- 1 Peter 5:34
From the vantage point of the publisher, what happens next? How does the he/she know if I liked it, hated it, was bored by it, or ready to cancel my subscription? How do the advertisers really know if their ad is making an impact or getting the desired result?
But I am a little excited, too :)
I opened my eyes to see the tear stained faces of my family leaning over me.
We tested how well liberals and con­servatives could understand each other. We asked more than 2,000 American visitors to fill out the Moral Foundations Questionnaire. One-third of the time they were asked to fill it out normally, answering as themselves. One-third of the time they were asked to fill it out as they think a “typical liberal” would respond. One-third of the time they were asked to fill it out as a “typical conservative” would respond. This design allowed us to examine the stereotypes that each side held about the other.
Choking on awful food.
be nice.
I heard a voice ‘Have you heard of Uri Geller?’ He (the macro-space binding, unbinding) is trying to speak to Him
Illuminati. There’s a shop in the Philippines that sells chandeliers, and the shop is called Illuminati. It’s kind of funny. This is something I learned through Dan Brown’s books. I forget whether it was the Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons. I get them mixed up now. I did think Angels and Demons had a better storyline even if The Da Vinci code had more controversial thoughts about religion.
The ring stayed on a shelf where I looked at it often and tried it on every couple of months, never happy with the result.
There are many other examples of how schools require students to conform in order to preserve order, but to the detriment of learning. Dress and hairstyles are certainly an easy one to pick on, because they are obvious and visible examples of individual expression that some school districts deem as being dangerous to the order "required" to maintain a good learning environment. But in their attempt to maintain an environment of order, they are disregarding personal expression, learning styles and preferences, interwoven subjects, interests, passions, and the application of knowledge. And what do school districts get in return from the majority of parents? Acceptance, or at least apathetic acquiescence. And they may get acceptance from the students as well, because the punishment for non-conformance can be severe.
We favored the tiny little dive bars on West Fourth Street.. The one's housed in decrepit 19th century townhouses, painted blue or pink. A little neon sign, almost hidden in the shadows, then, a sharp flight of stairs leading to a lower level. Inside and it was 1955 all over again. Old school cocktail shakers, wooden bar, turquoise banquettes, and place mats with drinks like Tom Collins and the Grasshopper. We stayed at the bar. I drank vodka, but he, a bit of a pussy, drank white wine.
While he is actually sleeping beside a river of pure water.
the title is a reference to a lyric in a song called “fuck tha police” by a band called Niggaz With Attitude. look it up.
“And only sometimes can be met similar men. Most of them had developed this property in past lives — perhaps in the women’s bodies. Or they were specifically trained in the respective spiritual schools or religious groups, led by psychologists.
And NOW I've got that tune stuck in my mind as well!
3.the party's over
Average Price: $4.99 six-pack
Tröckener Kecks Vanavond (voor altijd) NL
TJ Weber is an MBA candidate at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Previously, he graduated Cum Laude from Northern Michigan University in Marketing. He has worked in both state and national level politics, the private sector, and currently works in academia doing academic research in the field of management. He can be reached at: TJWeber13@gmail.com
crackers; soy cheese;
“water is blood.”
21. Ceux Qui Marchent Debout -
2 tablespoons of flour
Monkey
endeavor to hear your voice, never fear.”
“Like in Penang and other Pakatan-ruled states, we will fight corruption by implementing an open tender system, separate business from politics and ban the chief minister, state ministers, MPs, State assemblymen and district councillors from being granted state land or contracts.
But anyway, now the day was looking up. Sure, she was still avoiding riding the horse by herself, and was still having to ride along with Brulee, but at least she didn’t have to go to that service thing Brulee was looking forward to. She hated attending services about the Light. Riding seemed a lot better than that.
If this is correct, the deviations from the concept artwork are for practical reasons rather than thematic ones, and the discrepancy in the number of windows is another one of those geek things they decided to ignore.
That's it this time! x
The Real Housewife of Sheboygan County
